  the debate in germany is over , really ? 
  wow , thanks for such a learned reply . 
  i 'm aware of the context , although i do n't possess your ability to read chancellor merkel 's mind . 
  that 's why i said only what her statement `` seems like '' - not like you , who of course , due to your superior intellect , can tell us all what it `` actually means . '', 
  how did you receive your amazing psychic powers ? 
  were you born with them , or are they the result of long years of training ? 
  she said ,  `` the times in which we could completely depend on others are on the way out . 
  i 've experienced that in the last few days . 
   while germany and europe would strive to remain on good terms with america and britain , `` we have to fight for our own destiny , '' so , * stop depending on us * fight for yourselves is n't that what he wants ? 
  she actually said that europe must stop relying on the us and `` fight for our own destiny '' , which seems like exactly what trump wanted her to say , but she phrased it in a way that can also sound anti-american . 
  she 's quite a politician . 
  yep , he gets what he wants , and what obama tried and failed to get for eight years . 
  such a disaster . 
  on a country level , you 're not strong enough for that resolve - taking over our world police duty , for example . 
  but as a continent , europe tends to see itself as the center of civilization , and once it 's unified i 'm sure that tendency will assert itself . 
  it 's hard to have resolve when you 're not united . 
  the main problem imo is lack of a common language . 
  to be honest , if we ever get what we want on this , i think we 'll quickly regret it . 
  we 're building up a power that 's stronger than us and we can expect no mercy . 
   when americans think about global influence , they tend to calculate only military might [ as opposed to ] non-military instruments such as trade i mean , what ? 
  we 're notoriously trade-focused as a nation . 
  our military policy itself is regularly criticized for being all about trade . 
  and what is this about peacekeeping and international organizations ? 
  1/3 of the un 's peacekeeping budget comes from us . 
  1/4 of the un 's entire regular budget comes from us . 
  does this author know what nation he 's talking about ? 
  can we have less articles about europe that are really about us domestic politics ? 
  read other articles by the [ same author ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/people/jennifer-rubin/?utm_term=.e31acd633c2d ) this week and you can pretty much predict what this one will say without reading it . 
  the thing is , though , about half of hispanic californians actually are immigrants , or their families are . 
  27 % of the state 's population is foreign-born , and 43 % speaks a non-english language at home . 
   a headline like `` a few hispanic people tell a few white people to go back to europe '' is n't so clickbaity but it is ever so much more accurate . 
  i think `` racist sentiments expressed at town hall '' would be better . 
  personally i 'd prefer `` nonsensical raving '' but that 's too editorial for most publications . 
  but you were drawing inferences from the media . 
  as for winning twice , the first time it was against sarah palin and the second ( closer ) time , mitt romney . 
  he was never popular enough , unlike previous presidents - clinton , reagan , or even early bush ii - to build a consensus . 
  a certain section of media was always uncritically in love with him but media \u2260 nation . 
  you 're not entirely wrong , but they did massively overreact . 
  every new president is literally hitler to either the far right or the far left . 
  also , fox news is n't the biggest news media in the us , just the biggest cable news channel . 
  all the network news channels regularly beat them in ratings . 
  media \u2260 nation . 
  you do n't get it . 
  have you ever heard of edward snowden ? 
  damaging leaks are nothing new for us and not necessarily even politically motivated in the sense that you 're thinking . 
  it 's viewed as patriotic in america to expose the government 's secrets , and the more damaging to the government , the more patriotic it is . 
  and i mean `` government '' in the sense that we use the word , which is non-partisan . 
  not just some , but all people have a definite tendency to interpret reality the way they want to interpret it . 
  depressing but true . 
   obama just states this stuff as fact but his facts come out of his ass . 
  welcome to the last eight years . 
  `` you still do n't understand what you 're dealing with , do you ? 
  perfect organism . 
  its structural perfection is matched only by its hostility . '', 
  the constitutional norm re : taxes also did n't include american colonies . 
  i love the fact that we 're having this argument . 
  by god , sir , do you suggest his majesty allows injustice to reign in his united kingdom ? 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does n't the constitution of the united kingdom require the king 's subjects to have a say in how they 're taxed ? 
  `` his britannic majesty acknowledges '' means that he acknowledges the rightness of their claim . 
  i was being facetious , but if you really wan na argue , the colonies ( some anyway ) had been self-governing since the [ virginia company ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/virginia_company ) in 1608 . 
  no parliament had ever taxed them before , and they considered any such taxation unconstitutional . 
   article i  his britannic majesty acknowledges the said united states , viz new hampshire , massachusetts bay , rhode island and providence plantations , connecticut , new york , new jersey , pennsylvania , delaware , maryland , virginia , north carolina , south carolina and georgia , to be free sovereign and independent states ;, 
  they agree that the nsa 's actions were illegal , but i 'm sure they also agree that leaks are illegal , and that the legal authority on what is legal is the justice system , which they ( the aclu ) use . 
  edit : the prosecution has rested . 
  i seem to recall from my art history classes that even charlemagne had to pay for his cathedrals . 
  you ignorant german . 
  why are you not fascist if we 're fascist-friendly ? 
  you do n't think we could have found enough fascist germans in the late 1940s ? 
  not to mention the fact that we were clearly talking about a domestic issue . 
  think for a moment before you respond . 
  it seems futile , though , if market forces are what create culture in the first place . 
   the us has been on a facism friendly path ever since the late forties . 
  / shitgermanssay the us has never had fascism , communism or other form of totalitarianism and never will . 
  there 's never been a dictatorship , a coup , a military government or any other such madness in our entire history . 
  you might as well abandon that fantasy . 
   decides what ? 
  lol ? 
   you try to divert attention once you start fantasizing about my motivations this becomes pretty pointless . 
  and your constitutional perspective is uninformed . 
  i 'll just go back to my earlier decision that the prosecution rests . 
  the constitution says that the judicial branch and ultimately the supreme court decides that , not some 25 year old kid . 
  the constitution says what he did is illegal and that he should stand trial for it , and instead of doing that , he 's hiding under putin 's skirt - putin , btw , who would have killed him if he were russian . 
   and the revolutionaries were people who thought they were better equipped to make decisions than the british . 
  no , they were duly appointed delegates of their respective states , appointed constitutionally for that specific purpose . 
  the british government violated its constitution ; they did their constitutional duty . 
  snowden also had a constitutional duty , but he disregarded it . 
  do n't try to make a connection there . 
  the rest of the world 's opinion is worth fuck all to an officer of the united states . 
  snowden was n't a revolutionary . 
  he was a 25-year-old intern who decided he was better equipped to make decisions than our constitutional system , and in the process made himself a pawn of russia . 
  we do n't even have an official language . 
   or it 's the french * exception culturellle , * which state that culture do n't have to abide by market logic . 
  how is that possible ? 
  if culture is something people buy and sell , then of course it abides by market logic . 
  yes , that 's why it 's illegal , and he 'll spend the rest of his life paying for his mistake . 
   yes , like edward snowden . 
  you are correct , ` stupid ' americans like edward snowden do find it patriotic to leak government secrets , especially when the government is trampling on the very freedoms they 're supposed to uphold and safeguard . 
  the prosecution rests . 
  yes it 's bullshit , that 's why he used a screenshot instead of a link . 
  there are two different melania articles on the front page of welt.de right now .
