  [ not that kind of nationalism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civic_nationalism ), 
   it must not be pushed back . 
  it should be embraced . 
  it must be the europe of proud nations , and not just a mix of root-less individuals without any sense of patriotism or national pride . 
  or else , europe needs to become a nation . 
  i mean it 's just my uninformed opinion , but i think those are the only two ways . 
  you ca n't have a federation of 500 million people and 28 states without nationalism . 
  nationalism is what keeps a group that size together , whether it 's india , russia , china or us . 
  it 's vital . 
  i know it 's not binding in a legal sense , but do you think a majority of the british people would be ok with parliament ignoring it ? 
  would n't that be seen as kind of outrageous ? 
  people are n't just labor units , and the free movement of people is about a whole lot more than labor . 
  in theory , the queen is sovereign . 
  but i ca n't imagine parliament overruling the voters in practice . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , but it just seems like the only way to negate brexit would be with another referendum . 
  how could it not be binding ? 
  it was basically the same question asked of scottish voters in 2014 . 
  what would a more binding referendum have looked like ? 
   why ca n't we apply this same rule to the laws that govern the state ? 
  because there 's a difference between people directly voting on how the state should be governed , and people directly voting on whether the state should be governing them at all . 
  goods capital services people one of these things is not like the others . 
  we must take sides . 
  if he 's mentally unstable , is he still an absolute cunt ? 
  d'oh , you 're right . 
  i misread and will edit . 
  i really ca n't imagine parliament forcing them to remain in the eu after they 've voted to leave . 
  it 's unthinkable , is n't it ? 
  and i 'd think most europeans would even be ashamed to continue integrating a country against its people 's will . 
  it 's binding because a government ignoring a referendum on sovereignty would be outrageous in britain . 
  even the die-hard remainers just want a second referendum . 
  that map reminds me of the standard examples from my statistics classes about how to mislead using graphics . 
  look at the scale . 
  the difference between britain and germany is 14 % , but the color choices make it look so much more dramatic . 
  not to mention that a survey of ` key facts ' is very easy to manipulate , since you only need to decide which facts to ask about . 
  and  britons were `` frantically googling ` what is the eu ' . '' that 's a clear lie and has been disproven by other sources . 
  i do n't have any real opinion for or against brexit , since i 'm not british or european , but all this misinformation about it is fairly depressing to me . 
  we are so easy to deceive . 
  the thing is , americans actually tried very hard to be isolationist and non-interventionist and avoid getting involved in europe and asia . 
  a hundred years ago , we did n't even have an army . 
  but that was a mistake . 
  ca n't argue with that part , sadly . 
  if you 're in the middle of something , you ca n't actually see it in perspective . 
  that 's the meaning of the expression , about not seeing the forest because of the trees . 
  by starting shit , you mean overthrowing brutal dictatorships and trying to install democratic governments in their place ? 
  that is what we 've been doing , you know . 
   you dislike and admire europe just as much as we dislike and admire the us . 
  [ bbc world service polling ] ( http://downloads.bbc.co.uk/mediacentre/country-rating-poll.pdf ) regularly shows that we have a higher opinion of most european countries than they have of us . 
  same with canada and the us . 
  90 % of americans have a positive opinion of canada , but only 60 % of canadians say the same . 
  for the record , that same poll shows that we have a higher opinion of the united kingdom than we have of the united states . 
  how ? 
  germans often have trouble just living and working in america , because they do n't like how ` false ' we are in personal relationships . 
  we 're superficial and dishonest to them . 
  even the french have that problem . 
  and in terms of our nationalism and other aspects of our culture , a lot of germans find it utterly abhorrent . 
  he said they 've offered :  `` we had a discussion with the [ british ] high commissioner on monday , and we 've simply made an offer that we as a country that is a long standing friend ... stands ready to be useful in any way we can be , '' mr mccully said . 
   `` they might for example see the benefit in a quick fta with new zealand to have a symbolic and demonstration effect - those are the sorts of areas that we are talking about . '', 
  yeah , i just saw that . 
  although not exactly made up : [ murray mccully offers britain help with looming brexit trade negotiations ] ( http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&amp;objectid=11665945 ) tldr : he did say they 've offered assistance , but has clarified his position on loaning officers to an official ` maybe . ', 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d0gh0kp.jpg ) is the endgame they really want . 
  edit : [ the rise of the anglosphere : how the right dreamed up a new conservative world order ] ( http://www.newstatesman.com/politics/2015/02/rise-anglosphere-how-right-dreamed-new-conservative-world-order ), 
  the british were willing to accept losing scotland if that happened two years ago . 
  canada has had the same experience with quebec , and we would give up texas if we had to . 
  belief in sovereignty resting with the people has advantages and disadvantages . 
  they were n't independent , no . 
  a country that ca n't control the movement of people across its borders , or negotiate treaties with other countries , is n't an independent country . 
  i do n't know which decision was right for britain . 
  but the trajectory of the eu is toward a future in which the nations of europe become more and more integrated over time , until national boundaries become irrelevant . 
  the principle of free movement furthers that aim , as you can see in the brexit results themselves : the areas with high immigration identify more as ` european , ' and may even end up splitting with the uk altogether to stay with the eu . 
  it 's not crazy to believe that staying in the eu would cost the uk its independence , and in time , even its existence as a nation . 
  of course it is , and i was n't saying any differently . 
  it overturns our strategy in europe . 
  but not everyone is upset by that . 
  back in 2000 when nafta was first created , conservatives in both countries were trying to get britain to split with europe and join us and canada instead . 
  and in the long run , maybe it would have been for the best . 
  so we 'll be trying that again . 
  there 's more than one vision for the future . 
  neither were we , but you know , it 's the principle of the thing . 
  [ u.s.-u.k. alliance seen outweighing brexit trade concerns ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-usa-alliance-analysis-iduskcn0ze04q ) i think we 're ok . 
  are we irritated ? 
  congress is already saying we need to draft britain into nafta . 
  i mean , sure we 're probably going to lose ttip , but that 's europe 's fault too . 
  sorry , i do n't mean that i find anything funny about the crisis britain is in . 
  i find the idea of farage being remembered by history as a hero a bit humorous since , like most people , i find humor in the absurd . 
   that 's just what a ( parliamentary ) democracy is . 
  people vote politicians . 
  it does n't give the people the right to simply change the system if they do n't like it . 
  important : government = / = the system . 
  in american english , government = the system . 
  unlike brits , we do n't call every new administration a new ` government . ', 
  a typical american would tell you that we 've only had one government for 240 years . 
  i do n't know if the meaning of the word was the same back then , but that 's what it means to us . 
  also , this may be a language issue , but we do n't have a [ parliamentary system ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_system ) in the us . 
  it was abolished with this declaration . 
   the following passage explicitely states under which circumstances it is allowed to change the system ( to revolt ) . 
  but it leaves a lot up to interpretation . 
  it says a people can abolish any government that is harmful to liberty . 
  if you were british and you felt that ` liberty ' meant national sovereignty , you would probably see the eu as harmful to your liberty , meaning you have the right to abolish it . 
   the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter .
