  prizes : kurdistan , madagascar : setting low standards australia : unintentional humor new zealand : scariest to minorities, 
   russia is in the process of developing a new heavy-lift rocket , and a manned spacecraft called federation , to achieve these goals . 
  that is a good name for a spacecraft . 
  ours certainly do n't . 
  i do n't know , but as long as it 's only a theoretical army , you could theoretically be debating it forever . 
  parkinson 's law : the time needed to complete a project expands to fill the time available for its completion . 
   but it never explains that the eu does n't have the authority or popular mandate to hold the power to make war in the name of all eu citizens . 
  if the eu ca n't make war , then it is pretty silly to build it an eu army . 
  if you 're unlikely to get everything at once , i think it would be better to have an army without a war , than have a war without an army . 
  is n't fascism about a one-party totalitarian state ? 
  of course it 's a threat to our supposed plans for hegemony . 
  the eu already has a gdp equal to ours and a larger population . 
  it makes no strategic sense to have supported it if we wanted to dominate europe politically , economically or militarily . 
  and investing more in its military means it will be less likely to help with `` american wars '' because it wo n't need us anymore . 
  if i can unpack that statement , he means we 're already looking at a sea change on the runway . 
  the keyword going forward is organic growth , so we need to burn our goal trees and get proactive about offshoring survival strategies . 
   this is insane . 
  are the us really going to begin throwing away the hegemony they have worked for since 1945 ? 
  maybe we have n't actually been working for hegemony over europe . 
  if we were , spending decades building up the eu as a definite threat to it , aiding eu expansion , constantly pressuring the eu to invest in its military potential , seems like a fairly stupid strategy . 
  * maybe * the idea of american imperialism is actually a myth . 
  christ , there 's no need to be that critical . 
  it 's aged because it 's lasted 220 years and is very well executed . 
  it even sounds timeless :  we , the people of the united states , in order to form a more perfect union , establish justice , ensure domestic tranquility , provide for the common defense , promote the general welfare , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity , do ordain and establish this constitution . 
  but is that a fair comparison ? 
  daily express and die welt are in a different category of `` press '' outlets from ars technica . 
  and i mean , remember our reaction to sts-107 . 
  yes . 
  we never expected to be the only superpower , even 30 years ago . 
  it 's not an issue . 
  we just lack a sense of direction , like many nations . 
   you are definitely correct that ( at least some , me included ) canadians see the american idea of `` manifest destiny '' as dangerous , if not evil . 
  i would add that we do not see the american war of independence as a heroic struggle either , but rather a treasonous and dishonest secession used to avoid paying taxes for the seven years ' war . 
  yes , i know . 
  such wonderful neighbors we have . 
  i think we could accept having a figurehead queen , but she is after all a figurehead . 
  meanwhile , how do canadians feel about american and british nuclear arsenals ? 
  where were they during our liberation of iraq ? 
  even japan contributed forces to iraq , but not canada . 
  in international politics , the us and uk are often in agreement when canada is n't . 
  and on a deeper level , we both have history as global hegemons and we now see our power waning disproportionately to our ambition . 
  i can see a compelling argument for `` manifest destiny '' in our case . 
  i 'm not sure canadians would be as receptive . 
  yes , but [ protests are n't polls . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/surveys-reveal-how-we-remember-not-supporting-war-in-iraq-but-at-the-time-we-did-support-it-10300854.html ) this is what i was talking about . 
  you guys do n't even remember being in favor of iraq . 
  you really think canadians have more in common with brits than americans ? 
  relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zawgunjbp_e, 
  seems to be more romanticized in europe though . 
  our tv shows based in nyc are crime dramas . 
  in europe it seems more connected with fashion and sophistication . 
  i edited the comment before you replied because it might not be accurate ; it 's based on exit polls . 
  but yeah , supposedly around 30 % of hispanic americans voted for him : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/monkey-cage/wp/2016/11/11/trump-got-more-votes-from-people-of-color-than-romney-did-heres-the-data/?utm_term=.4c22c0970583, 
  trump got more non-white voters than romney did . 
  [ i was expecting this one . 
  ] ( https://mythofsyph.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/lenin-and-cat.jpg ), 
  is that what we 're talking about ? 
  why change the subject ? 
   none of these `` asian democracies '' are even close to the netherlands , where i live and you are n't even close to them . 
  you have much higher crime rates , for example . 
  and a worse education system and a lower average iq . 
  but that has nothing to do with the subject . 
  so far , on this thread , you 've talked about capital punishment , double jeopardy and now marijuana . 
  none of those things are democracy . 
  socially speaking , you 're never going to be asian , and asians are never going to be european , but being asian or european is n't a requirement of democracy . 
  her name 's fiona and if the reports are accurate , she 's his closest companion . 
  hard to hate a cat person . 
  wow , decades . 
   if they were n't rich they would all be considered about as democratic as uzbekistan . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democracy_index ) you could have saved yourself some time and just wrote : reeeeeeeeee asian democracy , muh racism . 
  that 's why i said `` in europe , '' not `` in finland . '', 
   but that is exactly what justice is about . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwdd6_zxx8c i 'm pretty ambivalent on the subject . 
  i do n't want anyone innocent to be executed , but i do n't agree with banning the death penalty itself , because believing that it 's never appropriate is just unrealistic imo . 
  death is truly what some people deserve . 
  various american states have the death penalty but have n't used it in years , a situation which is fine with me . 
   for me no it does n't then what are we arguing about ? 
  i do n't think we tend to imagine justice as enforcing things that are right or preventing things that are wrong . 
  it 's more about giving back to society what you 've taken . 
  if you 've taken someone 's life , you ca n't give it back . 
  the only way you can repay that debt is with your own life , either with prison or with execution . 
   there is a simple reason of why the death penalty is a stupid idea : innocent people found guilty , as in law we do n't have a 100 % certainty . 
  yeah , but that 's really the only argument . 
  no one truly believes that no one deserves to die . 
   wait , are you equating states and member of the eu ? 
  no , i 'm contrasting them . 
   second , check this wikipedia article , the us is between egypt and somalia in terms of the amount of executed people in 2016 . 
  let that sink in . 
  please look at the year 2016 in the entry of every state : https://deathpenaltyinfo.org/executions_by_state_and_year the list you referred to is total executions . 
  we had a total of 20 executed last year , out of a population of 320 million , and 50 states . 
  and basically the only crime for which you can be executed in the united states is murder . 
  in terms of freedom of speech and other political freedoms we certainly are free . 
  you might be confusing freedom with toleration of crime . 
  as for the death penalty , some of our states use it , others have banned it for 150 years . 
  the main difference with the eu is that our member states are allowed self-government in such matters . 
  totalitarianism has never existed on my continent , so i would n't know . 
  you 're right , sorry . 
  i was n't paying attention . 
  or it 's because lack of experience in life is the basic definition of youth . 
  the death penalty was banned 50 years ago in the uk , and 2015 was still the first time support for it has ever been measured below 50 % : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-32061822 when it was banned , support was over 75 % .
