  the reason is probably this part :  another clerk btw , the clerk is actually an officer of the us foreign service . 
  the job of handling visa interviews is something that 's rotated among officers ; the person will be a specialist in something else ( logistics , politics , etc. ), 
  involved in the embassy 's work and is only a visa clerk intermittently . 
  why not ask about this on r/foreignservice ? 
  if there was a conspiracy against bulgarians , surely someone would talk . 
  source ? 
  because it makes no sense . 
  until the eu issues its own passports , we have to continue to treat eu citizens as citizens of different countries , because they are . 
  and we should apply the same standards to all countries , which leaves some countries within the vwp criteria and others not . 
  parliament is being pretty hypocritical about this . 
  i saw several people ( brits and americans ) argue against it for different reasons , but i do n't presume you agree with them , especially since one of them said the us was the greatest country in the world and argued for separation based on british exceptionalism . 
  i was curious what your reason was . 
  out of curiosity : why ? 
  i 'm too young to remember it , but it must have been incredible to have been alive at such a time . 
  i agree , which is why i think * we * need this . 
  we need britain , but we need it here . 
  it 's not much good to us several thousand miles away . 
  well not india , no . 
  but for uk/usa , what 's the alternative ? 
  in the states , our population has gone from 180 million to 320 million just since the 1960s , while the uk 's population has barely increased at all . 
  the longer we and the uk remain separate , the more unequal our alliance gets . 
  the best thing for both of us would be to integrate as soon as possible . 
  is it less likely than germany , spain and poland in one state ? 
  at least we 've actually been united before , and in most cases not that long ago . 
  personally , i 'd prefer genuine unification under one state . 
  relying on intergovernmental cooperation would just be recreating all the problems the eu has had . 
  right , and i 'm afraid we 're going to let this opportunity slip past us . 
  this is n't even the [ first time ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/imperial_federation ) it 's happened . 
  [ a large part of it , anyway . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes#/media/file:ukusa_map.svg ), 
  before the referendum , i avoided giving any opinion for or against it . 
  but now that it 's done ( sort of ) , we have an opportunity to do something we should have done 60 years ago . 
  it 's probably the last chance we 'll ever have . 
  and of course it had to happen just as we 're having our collective mental breakdown ... 
  god , i hope not . 
  but ask them what they think about the water in flint , michigan , and they 'll have an opinion . 
  u/fatortu is right about this . 
  we 're more connected , which is to be expected , since we 're a single nation and have ( mostly ) one language . 
  we 're also more likely to move around the continent . 
  come on , the eu 's gdp is almost the same as ours and its population is larger . 
  it 's certainly a contender . 
  he means they 're not united . 
  and you know we have 20 % of the world 's immigrant population , right ? 
  ffs , our democracy did n't begin in 1776 . 
  it began [ 400 years ago . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plymouth_colony ) i 'm not going to rebut the rest of that comment , because you 're just ticking off all the standard leftist boxes : corporations , oligarchy , etc. 
  but come on , this is n't controversial . 
  and :  if you hate this sub so much , why do you come here ? 
  i said `` sometimes . '', 
   the data was compiled from a survey of more than 21,000 people across the globe , where participants were asked how closely they associated an attribute with a nation . 
  so it 's a public image contest . 
  that 's canada . 
  sometimes i really hate this sub . 
  we 've been democratic for 400 years . 
  as much as i hate to be that guy , if it were n't for the us , most of you would n't be democratic even today . 
  why do you need to be such dicks to us ? 
  what have we ever done to deserve that ? 
  if only china were democratic . 
  nah , together to mars was a conference in the late '80s , planning a joint mission to take place in the '90s . 
  just posted for the feels . 
  but how can you tell without statistics ? 
   black people 's lives are n't marred in germany in any feasible way . 
  how do you know that without statistical data ? 
  do you know how much more likely black germans are to drop out of school , to be denied a job , to be in poverty , to be arrested ? 
  do you have data to support your position ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  it is n't just about profiling and police issues . 
  not keeping statistics on ethnicity is another area of concern . 
  as a canadian you should know that it 's always easier to talk about someone else 's problems . 
  yeah , i always found it strange that so many countries do n't gather any statistics on ethnicity . 
  we kind of have the opposite problem ; we wallow in this shit . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/un-saudi-arabia-yemen-air-strikes-violated-international-law-a7372936.html ) this article is about the working group of experts on people of african descent . 
  it specifically looks at these kinds of problems , because that 's its job . 
  nasa is a civilian agency . 
   trappist-1 do you mean 2mass j23062928-0502285 ? 
   ** historical background **  the world conference against racism , racial discrimination , xenophobia and related intolerance , held in durban in 2001 , adopted the durban declaration and programme of action . 
  paragraph 7 of the durban programme of action specifically `` requests the commission on human rights to consider establishing a working group or other mechanism of the united nations to study the problems of racial discrimination faced by people of african descent living in the african diaspora and make proposals for the elimination of racial discrimination against people of african descent '' . 
  former irish president mary robinson ( then the un high commissioner for human rights ) presided over the conference . 
  what are they supposed to do - ignore the mandate they 're given ? 
  interesting that this gets upvoted on r/sweden but downvoted here . 
  a coup will occur when the president rejects the authority of the supreme court , although it wo n't really be a coup , since it will be their constitutional duty to uphold the law . 
  anything short of that , and it 's hard to imagine us becoming a nominal or * de facto * one-party country . 
   you have to be a troll . 
  it is exactly what your political culture is based on . 
  dude , we even continued having free elections during our civil war . 
  it 's just not . 
  the people telling you that the military would rebel against an undemocratic government are only telling you the truth . 
   wrap it in patriotism and national security and they are fine with whatever . 
  you really do n't know us if you think that . 
  our entire political culture is based on a rejection of exactly that . 
  as an example , it 's not a crime to burn or desecrate the american flag , and an amendment to make it a crime has failed three times in recent years . 
  no one scapegoats mexicans ; they scapegoat illegal immigrants , whose presence in the country is a violation of the law . 
  and americans regularly have a more positive opinion of muslims than europeans do . 
  [ most europeans want a ban on immigration from all muslim countries . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5smci9/most_europeans_want_immigration_ban_from/ ) in france it 's over 60 % . 
   history beyond a few decades ago is not relevant in this case , what matters is how fascist prone the population is * right now * political cultures do n't change that much within a human lifetime . 
  on what basis are we fascist-prone ? 
   also the us is hardly the most anti-fascist demographic in the world ; as a matter of fact it is one of the most fascist-prone one in the western world . 
  how can you look at our history , 400 years of constitutional democracy , 240 years under one constitution , and call us fascist-prone ?
