  it 's just a fucked-up system of incentives . 
  if anyone ever gets nuked , we 'll probably be the first . 
  [ russian bombers have been patrolling our coasts for years . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30028371 ) and their subs have always been there . 
  it sucks that you have to choose between us , but eventually the eu will have its own military and that will no longer be the case . 
  yes , but . 
   i do n't see how you could get that from our cuisine , architecture , etc. 
  these are based on the natural evolution of our culture - we have n't even been exporting our cultural developments to other nations for most of our history . 
  no - we 've been importing . 
  americans have historically come from the ` wretched refuse ' of other countries , especially european countries . 
  warhol is a classic example . 
  the culture we have is what appeals to them . 
   remember jackson pollock ? 
  andy warhol ? 
  careful , you 're close to proving my transformers point , lol . 
  rebuttal : warhol 's family were first-generation immigrants from slovakia . 
  and they were poor , like most immigrants to north america have been . 
  canadian/american culture is just whatever appeals to the masses of various nations , which is why it has such broad appeal . 
  if we have anything really distinct , it would probably have to do with [ political ideas . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_liberty ), 
   but it 's just going to be a very distinct project and perhaps a more beautiful one i really envy the whole ` family of nations ' thing they have . 
  * mario brothers : the movie . 
  we do have cultural nationalism , but our culture is expressed in transformers movies and is n't what many consider culture . 
  they elected an insane narcissist as president . 
  let 's learn from that . 
  [ canada is actually beating us at assimilation lately , ] ( https://www.manhattan-institute.org/html/comparing-immigrant-assimilation-north-america-and-europe-5846.html ) the jerks . 
   people who truly suffer do other things . 
  like they did in beijing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yefzenahehu * heroes * do those things . 
  do you think you 'd have been able to stand in front of that tank ? 
  ` criminal ' would suffice for that . 
  ` human trash ' is surplus to demand . 
  and the question :  how about not being a violent racist ? 
  because it 's that simple , yeah ? 
  i 'll bet whoever did that just woke up one day and decided to hate polish people . 
  it was totally his choice . 
  in fact , he probably quit his job at the gumdrop factory in the land of rainbows to come and live in a slum , just so he could resent poles a little more . 
  because that 's how it happens . 
  if you 've ever known genuine misery and hopelessness , loss of independence and insecurity for a long time , you know it makes you a worse person . 
  it just does . 
  it 's one reason poverty and crime always go together . 
  growing up like that , ` not being an * x ' * is very hard to do . 
  i meant ordinary people , not politicians . 
  for months , everyone on the leave side was talking about different directions the uk could go . 
  it was nice to see , especially in britain , where politics is usually so cynical and pessimistic . 
  it actually occurred to me that the attitude was what the united kingdom was like a century ago - more energetic and nationalistic , like us . 
  probably a wise decision . 
  your name makes me believe you . 
  thanks for saying this . 
   content , origin , and truthfulness need to be checked before publication , reporting and opinion need to be clearly distinguished from one another , unverified news and rumours need to be marked as such , etc. 
  well , that 's exactly the problem . 
  if all you know about them comes from news media , your opinions are likely to be bad , or at least ignorant . 
  his argument seems to be that people * would * want a union that was strong , unified and assertive , with a vision that people could get behind . 
  maybe he 's right . 
  nationalists basically want to be part of something great . 
  i think he means that they 're not going to talk about integration - they 're just going to do it . 
  he wants a eu coast guard , eu army , eu intelligence agency , etc. 
  nice to hear . 
  my only quibble is ` end conflicts in our neighborhood . ', 
  i do n't see the need for the last three words . 
   no , because that happens to be one of the club rules . 
  then leaving the club means gaining independence . 
  the ability to make your own decisions is what independence is . 
  and the eu is more than a club , or a treaty . 
  it 's a state , and is going to be more of one in the future . 
  you 're saying the uk could have signed trade treaties with us , independently of the eu ? 
  i guess there were both knowns and unknowns about it . 
  but it was a vote for independence , yes . 
  ` uk was already independent ' seems weird to me . 
  it could n't sign its own trade treaties , could n't control the movement of people and goods across its borders , etc. 
  our definitions of ` independent ' ca n't be that different . 
  and the fact that they did it in spite of the entire global ruling class trying to scare them out of it - well , wrong decision or right decision , i did find it impressive . 
  it restored some of my faith in democracy . 
   `` a leap into the dark '' was the criticism aimed at the leave campaign , but they basically accepted that criticism . 
  i do n't really have an opinion on brexit , but i did actually find it quite inspiring at times during the months before , when people were very passionately debating different plans for britain 's future , and the leave side , if anything , seemed to be characterized by an excess of optimism to me . 
  meanwhile the remain arguments for the most part tended to come down to a pessimistic outlook . 
  and the leave campaign was all about ' a leap into the unknown , ' charting a new course , global thinking , declaration of independence , etc. 
  it did n't really strike me as a choice made out of fear - more like the opposite , really . 
  this part might be important :  karen stenner , author of the authoritarian dynamic , * argues * ` capital punishment , ' ` disciplining children ' , etc. , are authoritarian positions , but they 're also just more traditional opinions , like nationalism . 
  there 's no ` maybe ' . 
  that 's what would have happened . 
  and in fact , the us is [ more popular in japan than in europe ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/04/07/americans-japanese-mutual-respect-70-years-after-the-end-of-wwii/ ) today . 
  that was a war in which 80 million people lost their lives . 
  whichever side developed nuclear weapons first was guaranteed to use them . 
  poland is in asia , dumbass . 
  and you need to up your satire if you want it to get through . 
  the iraqi army was mainly supplied and trained by the soviets , though not exclusively . 
  ironically , the iranians are still using american f-14s . 
  he 's not exactly a policeman , anyway . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/russian-fsb-guard-attacks-us-diplomat-outside-moscow-embassy/2016/06/28/2c42c98c-3d7f-11e6-a66f-aa6c1883b6b1_story.html ), 
  yes , but there 's going to be some pain no matter what happens , and i think / u/rarehero has a point . 
   i firmly feel the european union has a strong future , but they should n't be held hostage by a country that always felt they had some right to special privileges within it . 
  wo n't that probably happen if they get intimidated into going back in ? 
   big problem with the anglosphere union is geography . 
  logistics . 
  time differences . 
  additional costs . 
  us vs the rest . 
  on the other hand , world domination . 
  anyway , it would n't really be us vs rest . 
  us and uk agree on basically everything .
