  political dynasties have been part of our society for several centuries . 
  adamses , roosevelts , kennedys , bushes , clintons , etc. 
  if czechia finds it acceptable to have ivana trump as an ambassador , i do n't see why we would object . 
  bear in mind that us ambassadors each oversee an embassy staffed by a large number of foreign service professionals : political officers , economic officers , management officers , etc. 
  an ambassador is essentially just a line of communication . 
  even in this article , you can see the circlejerking :  `` populists know how to appeal to emotions in a way reasonable , measured liberals almost never do . '', 
  poor leftists are just too good for this world . 
  they do n't know how to lie , unlike the evil rightists . 
  the problem is that the guardian worldview has yet to penetrate into all the dark and unenlightened corners of society . 
  he 's in control of the conduct of the war . 
  he 's not in control of whether there is a war . 
  and he 's not absolutely in control of conduct . 
  [ article i , section 8 ] ( http://www.heritage.org/constitution/#!/constitution#essay-50 ) gives congress the sole authority :  to declare war , grant letters of marque and reprisal , and make rules concerning captures on land and water ;  to raise and support armies ;  to provide and maintain a navy ;  to make rules for the government and regulation of the land and naval forces ;  to provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the union , suppress insurrections and repel invasions ;  to provide for organizing , arming , and disciplining , the militia , and for governing such part of them as may be employed in the service of the united states , reserving to the states respectively , the appointment of the officers , and the authority of training the militia according to the discipline prescribed by congress ; if congress declares war and a president refuses to wage it , he can be impeached . 
  in addition to your points , i would like to mention : 1 . 
  our hegemony is brief and doomed . 
  the eu already has a gdp equal to ours , and europe has more than 2x our population . 
  china has 4x . 
  the current `` hegemonic stability '' ca n't last . 
  since it ca n't last , we need an alternative . 
  politically , it 's already largely an illusion , as you can see in the decline of american interventionism since 2000 and our slow but steady gravitation toward more european politics . 
  even trump is a symptom of that : a weird mixture of geert wilders and silvio berlusconi , not like our usual republicans at all . 
  and look at ttip vs ceta . 
  you think we 're hegemonic because we 're the most influential nation , but europe as a supernation is more influential than us . 
  the united states is n't actually interested in hegemony to begin with . 
  we 've spent decades aiding eu expansion and integration , constantly pressuring the eu to invest more in its military potential , building up a power that is already larger and eventually greater than ourselves . 
  our goal is partnership , not hegemony . 
  but you 're not saying that . 
  you 've acknowledged that romania has been waging war in afghanistan for its own interest . 
   we never had `` global power fantasies '' and we will never be a global power , but we have a fear of russia and we will create alliances that will help us safeguard against it . 
  so your actions in afghanistan are serving your own national interest . 
  and you 're helping provide security for afghanistan , a country which just recently had its first democratic transfer of power in its entire modern history . 
  stop pretending that supporting democracy and freedom is some kind of imperialism . 
  if you want freedom and security for yourself , be willing to help protect it for others . 
  it was a definite threat , if germany controlled the channel . 
  it was the raf that prevented the invasion in ww2 , not the navy . 
  and are you really saying it would have been better if the uk had made peace with hitler ? 
   tell me , as an englishman , do you think the ruling elite of the empire ( or hell , tom the baker ) in 1914 would have still gone to war over the german invasion of belgium and france if they could see what the uk is today ? 
  if they would be told that the result of the war would be millions dead , all of the colonies lost , the uk 's leadership of the planet lost and a century down the line relying on germany anyway , would any of them agree to go to war ? 
  what was the actual gain for the uk from ww1 and the subsequent ww2 ? 
  not being conquered by germany . 
   ok , and then what ? 
  they 'll go in , kill a few political dissents , set up a puppet state , then collapse economically after a few decades and the countries would be free again . 
  wow . 
  ok , sure , your fellow eu members will be invaded and killed , and live under occupation for a while and collapse economically , but who cares , right ? 
  [ probably not asians , ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/23/global-publics-back-u-s-on-fighting-isis-but-are-critical-of-post-911-torture/pg_15-06-18_asiapivotmap_web/ ) but yeah , there are certainly many people who agree . 
  yes , he commands the military , but he does n't have the authority to decide whether or not we 're at war . 
  he very obviously does n't have a good understanding of nato :  heilemann : so , just to be clear , you made two slightly different arguments there and i just want to clarify . 
  one of them is that you might want to see the u.s. pay less money into nato because ...  trump : that one definitely . 
  that one definitely . 
   heilemann : but it 's possible that nato is obsolete and should be gotten rid of ? 
   trump : it 's possible . 
  it 's possible . 
  i would certainly look at it . 
  and i 'd want more help from other people . 
  the one thing definitely -- we 're paying too much . 
  as to whether or not it 's obsolete , i 'll make that determination . 
  but i 'm sure it 's been explained to him by now . 
  the idea that the united states will fight ww3 or stay out of it based on a 1 % difference in lithuania 's military spending is insane . 
  and in any case , declarations of war are made by congress , not the president . 
  edit : http://www.factcheck.org/2016/05/whats-trumps-position-on-nato/, 
  if something happens now , we 're getting blamed for it . 
  nevermind russia or the eu . 
  people for 50 years will be talking about the us-backed annexation of ________ . 
   it was completely artificial . 
  liberalism meant classical liberalism in economics , yeah . 
  it still means that . 
  the distinction between classical liberalism and liberalism is what 's artificial . 
  you 're simply talking about liberal economics . 
  unlike most of the world , we do n't use the word * liberal * as shorthand for * economically liberal * because pretty much our entire body politic is liberal in that sense , due to history and american exceptionalism . 
  also , just a reminder that the 1924 nyt article you quoted calls teddy roosevelt a communist . 
  the author 's definition of liberal might be a little right of center . 
  social liberalism is actually a thing : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_liberalism the rebranding you 're referring to did happen , but that does n't mean it was inaccurate , any more than rebranding global warming to climate change is inaccurate . 
  boiled down , liberalism is basically just a belief in individual liberty . 
  political liberalism means freedom from political tyranny - liberal democracy . 
  economic liberalism means freedom in commerce - free-market capitalism . 
  social liberalism means freedom from prejudice and discrimination , and that 's what americans mean when they say * liberal . 
  * but what 's socially liberal to one generation is socially conservative to the next , so social liberalism is always by definition radical . 
  that depends on what kind of nation it is . 
  the op mentions martin van creveld , who is israeli . 
  but the comment itself is about american politics , and western hemisphere nations [ are n't ethnic nations , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_nationalism ) so promoting an official ethnicity is n't national self-preservation in our case , but national suicide . 
  equality does n't mean we believe all individuals to be of equal height , equal strength , equal intelligence or equal character . 
  it means we judge individuals only as they , as individuals , deserve . 
  he 's referring more to misinformation , building of narratives , opinion presented as news , etc. 
  :  `` because in an age where there 's so much active misinformation and its packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a facebook page or you turn on your television , '' mr. obama said . 
  `` if everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are made , then we wo n't know what to protect . ''  ...  `` if we are not serious about facts and what 's true and what 's not , and particularly in an age of social media when so many people are getting their information in sound bites and off their phones , if we ca n't discriminate between serious arguments and propaganda , then we have problems . '' just look at reddit . 
  most of the `` news '' we have lately is about things that supposedly might happen in our future , things that might only be figments of our collective imagination , and why someone thinks we should be afraid of them . 
  is that news ? 
  of course , this is something that he has n't done much to actually change during his presidency . 
  people are going to look back on the last eight years as what led to donald trump . 
  there is political liberalism , economic liberalism and social liberalism . 
  the united states was officially created to embody all three , so it 's both correct and nonsensical to blame liberalism for its ills , like saying your laptop is broken because of electronics . 
  but when trump and other us politicians call someone * liberal , * they 're talking about social liberalism , not economic liberalism , which is what it means in the uk . 
  our right wing is very economically liberal because that 's what 's traditional and conservative . 
  but social liberals are concerned more with issues of social justice than economics , so they tend to fall more on the left . 
   the us one sounds ironic too if you think about it from a geographical point of view . 
  i 'm sure that 's the point . 
  we 're quite distant and expensive and they want to address that . 
  i like canada 's but it does have that double meaning . 
  it seems surprising that none of the countries in our hemisphere make use of the phrase `` new world . '', 
  seems ready-made for mexico , caribbeans and peru .
