  and half of us agrees with uk on the remainder . 
  you guys like to think we 're different but you ca n't actually tell us apart from canadians most of the time . 
  half the time , we ca n't even tell ourselves apart from each other . 
  maybe it would be better for everyone to just let them leave and give them trade on the conditions that they want . 
  the uk had millions of kenyans in concentration camps in the 1950s and '60s , including the grandfather of our current president . 
  as i said , fairly homogeneous . 
  and i realize that 's changing , but social problems also tend to have more to do with the new arrivals . 
   norway is clean with `` 67.5 % of gross final consumption of energy supplied by renewable sources by 2020 '' energy consumption is certainly one valid area of environmental statistics . 
  energy production is another . 
  what about the massive flood of fossil fuel exports that funds everything in norway ? 
  i do n't see it here . 
   source ? 
  germany and the uk for example belong to some of the safest countries in the world ( measured by total crimes per capita ) even though both countries are very multicultural . 
  the nordic countries are always at the top of these lists and they 're all very small and fairly homogeneous countries , with endless budget surpluses like norway 's because , again , oil wealth . 
   no , it 's the only viable way of doing that . 
  what 's the alternative you propose ? 
  i do n't have one , but basically , i think social progress is more about approaches than results . 
  judging environmentalism by greenhouse gas emissions ? 
  by that standard norway comes out looking relatively clean , even though it gets 50 % of its budget from oil sales . 
  likewise , small and homogeneous countries with few visible minorities are treated as having high ` social progress ' just because they have fewer social problems . 
  countries do n't have the same outcomes because they do n't have the same challenges . 
  trying to judge ` social progress ' by outcomes is a flawed concept . 
  big mac index is only slightly more arbitrary . 
   besides , its the uk , they basically had the same me-mine-me foreign policy till the total collapse of the empire . 
  um , and since then . 
  sadly , i think that 's the same thing most americans would say . 
   i mean it 's a nice pipe dream but it 's not going to happen . 
  for one it would mean both america and the uk giving up their existing political structure , and the devolution would mean a loss in american power . 
  on the contrary , it would mean we would go from a declining power to a power in perpetuity . 
  it would give us a new future , even opening up the possibility of further expansion into europe and asia . 
  frankly , it would be the best possible future for us . 
  unfortunately , i doubt most of us would see it that way , just as i doubt most britons or canadians would either . 
  we 're all a little too bigoted for that . 
  they would actually have more of a voice , population-wise . 
  and more power . 
  pm cameron is only one voice in the eu . 
  president cameron would control the armed forces of half the world . 
  ultimately , the uk might even have more influence with the eu that way than it does on the inside . 
  ... i guess i ca n't argue with that . 
  it 's true that we 've helped to undermine international law , but kosovo did n't suddenly vote to become a us state , it was n't secretly invaded by nato troops disguised as protesters , and there were n't mass disappearances reported by human rights groups . 
  putin does n't care about precedent . 
  he 's just taking advantage of our ( and the world 's ) weakness to anschluss his neighbors . 
  we want to have stronk military , but we also want to have stronk allies . 
  example : [ more americans than japanese say japan should be more militarily active in asia . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/04/07/americans-japanese-mutual-respect-70-years-after-the-end-of-wwii/ ), 
  well , we 'd been at war with iraq off and on throughout the 1990s . 
  i think the most recent strikes were in 1998 ? 
  neoconservatives like wolfowitz had been saying that we needed to finish the job ever since the first gulf war . 
  the reasons were both self-serving and altruistic , but they basically wanted iraq to become the japan of the middle east , a strong democracy and us ally . 
  that kind of thinking goes back [ a long way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_liberty ) in the us . 
  and the uk had other reasons , including the fact that the uk created iraq and was kind of responsible for the problems it had . 
  i edited the comment to add that . 
  yes it 's partly our fault . 
  but if russia were following our example , they would n't be annexing other countries . 
  us/uk did actually intend to support democracy and self-government in iraq , which is n't what russia is doing . 
  bush 's stupid decision was doing it without un approval and trying to use terrorism as a pretext , but i guess he thought the un would n't have accepted ` this country is suffering under a dictatorship that 's killed countless of its own people ' as a lawful justification for war . 
   the decay in respect for human rights and international law in the last 10 years or so , i.e. 
  russian aggression in the crimea , and the belligerence of north korea to name a few , are the direct result of the undermining of international mores precipitated by the bush-blair war in iraq . 
  that 's going too far . 
  we 're not responsible for russian aggression . 
  the reason there 's no international law is because of the failures of the us and uk , and also the fact that the un is dysfunctional and impotent and that other rich countries do n't invest enough in their militaries . 
  law is force . 
  if we 're the only international force , then we 're the only international law . 
  that 's the world other rich countries have been building for decades . 
  i 'd very much like to see eu troops in south korea , eu aircraft carriers in the south china sea , etc. , but that does n't happen at present and the will to make it happen does n't exist . 
  and five minutes later , we 're arguing over tax rates . 
  emperor of mankind reveals self in brussels . 
   well it 's simple really . 
  russia needs to attack . 
  : - / short of something like that , i do n't see it happening . 
  better idea : uk joins us . 
  eu gets fiscal union . 
  uk gets free trade , empire . 
  us gets uk . 
  russia gets sanctions . 
  everyone wins . 
  they ruined scotland !, 
  you might have a point there . 
  well , you seem to agree that ` european ' is more of a nationality for you than ` german . ', 
  that was n't a common opinion before the eu . 
  what about schleswig-holstein ? 
  do you identify with it more than europe ? 
   if you prove to me that none of these exist in the us , canada , india , germany , italy , switzerland , australia , etc. , i might be inclined to believe you . 
  as it is now , you seem to merely have a very strong opinion without being informed at all . 
  none of those federations contain separate nations . 
  they can embrace multiculturalism , like canada with its french/english duality , but [ canadians are still only one nation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_nationalism ) , as are all the others mentioned . 
  i think i understood it ? 
  i mean you can either have ` european ' nationalism or the nationalism of individual countries , but i do n't think it 's possible to have a complex society without nationalism . 
  immigration happens over multiple generations , so immigrants tend to form their own communities in which new arrivals can adjust to a foreign environment without immediately knowing the language and customs , etc. 
  i do n't think that 's really multiculturalism , just a thing that happens extemporaneously . 
  imo , a more useful example for europe would be india , a continent full of old nations with numerous language families and shared history , something very outside our experiences . 
  well , you 're not going to get your wish . 
  we do n't have cultural diversity because of the ` melting pot ' idea we 've had for hundreds of years . 
  we do n't do multiculturalism . 
  i know . 
  your nationalism is more ethnic , concerned with gaelic language , culture , history , etc. 
  we do n't have any culture , or history , or a language , so ours is based on rational principles and flags . 
  [ it 's nationalism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_nationalism ) [ canadian nationalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canadian_nationalism ) is the same way , and mexican , brazilian , argentinian , etc. 
  i 'd call european federalism a form of civic or cultural nationalism , too , actually .
