  his position on it has been indecisive , because he does n't really know what he 's talking about :  heilemann : so , just to be clear , you made two slightly different arguments there and i just want to clarify . 
  one of them is that you might want to see the u.s. pay less money into nato because ...  trump : that one definitely . 
  that one definitely . 
   heilemann : but it 's possible that nato is obsolete and should be gotten rid of ? 
   trump : it 's possible . 
  it 's possible . 
  i would certainly look at it . 
  and i 'd want more help from other people . 
  the one thing definitely -- we 're paying too much . 
  as to whether or not it 's obsolete , i 'll make that determination . 
  interesting insight . 
  i have to agree . 
  we 've become very factional , which is unhealthy to a body politic . 
  i think sanders would have had a better chance , although clinton would have been a better president . 
  it makes sense because he 's owned by russian plutocrats . 
  that 's also why he 's the first modern president not to release his tax information . 
  no chance for a coup , and i do n't think it 's a crime for a president to be owned by russians . 
  what happened to us ? 
  what happened to you ? 
  [ whatever do you mean ? 
  ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/russia-internet-trolls-and-donald-trump-2016-7 ), 
  complacency is definitely a major factor . 
  only 50-60 % of the electorate voted . 
  a lot of people just would n't vote for clinton . 
  about 10 % of voters between 20 and 40 voted for third-party candidates . 
  and then there 's media complacency . 
  no one took trump seriously because he was n't supposed to win . 
  something similar happened with brexit , although to be honest , i do n't know if brexit was actually wrong ( do n't hurt me , i just do n't have a strong opinion ) . 
  yes , but let 's be careful about stereotyping them . 
  the people who voted for him may be misinformed , but they also have [ legitimate concerns that the left has n't addressed . 
  ] ( http://www.cracked.com/blog/6-reasons-trumps-rise-that-no-one-talks-about/ ), 
  declarations of war are made by congress . 
  the president can be impeached for failing to prosecute them . 
  and this congress voted 98 % to arm ukraine , against obama 's veto . 
  but that does n't erase the dishonor . 
  the fact that we ca n't even claim to be reliable allies anymore is the worst part of all of this . 
  it was turnout . 
  all that 's needed for evil to win is for good to do nothing . 
  i hope we 'll spend the next several years learning about the danger of complacency . 
  it 's gone . 
  we ca n't even claim to be reliable allies anymore . 
  that 's the worst part about all of this . 
  our worst election in 200 years . 
  well , the projections right now have trump winning , but all those people who stayed home can at least be comforted by the fact that they did n't compromise their morals by voting for someone they did n't 100 % approve of . 
  so you can add paranoia to your list of symptoms . 
  clinton is basically a traditionalist and , like bush , she subscribes to the traditional [ jeffersonian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_liberty ) conception of american foreign policy , the same ideas subscribed to by both roosevelts . 
  that does n't preclude her from being a patriot . 
  you replied within two minutes . 
  you did n't read the article , did you ? 
  since when does bombing other countries preclude someone from being a patriot ? 
  clinton is a nationalist , a militarist and a patriot . 
  you do n't have to agree with all of those things , but you should be able to acknowledge what they are . 
  it 's obvious from her [ private arguments ] ( http://freebeacon.com/national-security/obama-furious-clinton-criticizing-foreign-policy/ ) with obama that she has firm convictions about what she believes to be in america 's national interest . 
   hillary breaks laws for no reason except her own self gain . 
  how do you know that ? 
  it got her elected , did n't it ? 
  it allows her to enact policies she believes to be in the national interest , does n't it ? 
  did you read my comment ? 
  even lincoln suspended habeas corpus and used bribery to enact the fifteenth amendment . 
  in politics , if you do not bend , you break . 
  having a president who knows how to work within the system might be a welcome change from obama . 
  no , he was elected for a term of four years . 
  with him and biden gone , the acting president would be the speaker of the house of representatives . 
  clinton is actually a very capable and clear-eyed stateswoman , but presentation definitely is n't her strength . 
  and the format of those `` debates '' does n't help . 
  the candidates should come with graphs , charts , powerpoint presentations , etc. 
  instead , they 're not even allowed to bring electronic devices . 
  edit : the other problem is that a lot of the things people need to understand about her policies are n't things she herself can explain . 
  for example , she ca n't say that her demand for a no-fly zone is just a bargaining chip she intends to drop at the negotiating table . 
  and she ca n't ( or is afraid to ) tell democratic voters the truth : that obama 's 2011 withdrawal from iraq is what led to the 2014 disaster . 
  she also has to pretend that she 's opposed to ttp/ttip , instead of explaining that their real purpose is to make america the most powerful member of the world 's most powerful trade alliance , one that does n't include china . 
  her strength is in international politics , but plain speaking on such issues is often self-defeating . 
  an empire is a group of nations or peoples ruled by a single government . 
  russia and china are imperialist powers in the normal meaning . 
  america is more about [ ideological empire . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/empire_of_liberty ) but china has its ideology , too . 
  the ccp are determined to maintain their autocratic form of government , and they understand that it will never be secure in a world governed by democracy . 
  the situation we have now is comparable europe 's in the 19th century , when radical monarchists and radical republicans were fighting over the future . 
  we have that now , what hu jintao and xi jinping both call a cultural war . 
  so we 're naturally worried when we see them gaining influence on any continent . 
  it could also have been avoided if parliament had not insisted on the tea tax . 
  or if they could just swallow their pride and join the union like we all know they will . 
  how then is it not an empire ? 
  this is the same way the chinese think : asia is their territory , their `` sphere of influence . '', 
  that 's what imperialism means . 
  america in its entire history has fought only one aggressive war in asia , and that was initially a french war . 
  the prc has invaded korea , tibet , taiwan , vietnam , india , and whatever else it could reach . 
  you 're really underestimating chinese imperialism . 
  not an empire ? 
  what is tibet ? 
  taiwan ? 
  china is an empire . 
  it 's combating separatism in so many of its `` provinces '' because they 're not actually provinces , but conquered nations and peoples , and there would have been more in the past 50 years if it had been allowed to expand . 
  whether that 's true or not , an autocratic empire expanding its influence is something that should worry us . 
  it might have something to do with china 's government being a despotic regime that is opposed to the concept of democracy . 
  war !, 
  space !, 
  if only we could find a way to combine them somehow . 
  assassinating a prime minister seems like something almost anyone can do . 
  they 're not actually accusing the kremlin , though , are they ?
