  who flies your troops to mali because you do n't want to pay for your own transport planes ? 
  who liberated you ? 
  who cleansed you of fascism ? 
  who prevented even more of you from falling under communist dictatorship ? 
  i 'm not a fox news viewer or a republican , and unless you 're a specialist on the subject , it 's a safe bet that i know more about my country 's history than you do . 
   since the start of the cold war the usa has pressured many european countries into maintaining old bases and building new ones . 
  because it 's necessary . 
  it 's not a favor to us . 
  no , of course it represents us . 
  we are the government . 
  for the same reason , you ca n't say `` it '' wants something that we do n't . 
  and please do n't assume i have n't read anything about this . 
  i know our history , which includes the [ neutrality acts , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neutrality_acts_of_1930s ) our refusal to joining the league of nations , opposition to the un and nato and etc. . 
  the american people - including our government - wanted nothing to do with europe , and it 's certainly not a favor to us to force us to defend it for the last 3/4 of a century . 
  i have `` read up '' on it , thank you . 
  there is no `` the us wants . '', 
  we 're not a fucking hive mind . 
  even if true , that does n't change the fact that our men and women are willing to die in your defense . 
  it 's not true . 
  are you serious ? 
  it 's been a favor to us , to have to garrison europe for the last 74 years , to intervene to stop its genocides as recently as the 1990s , to keep peace in its poorer regions ? 
  and an american flag inside that . 
  oh shit , what have you done ? 
  we should have a little us flag in the corner of every eu flag to testify to our investment in the project . 
  edit : jesus , sense of humor ? 
  is n't it ? 
  at this scale , it looks like a blue iron cross behind a red cross of st. george . 
  from what i can tell of the context , and correct me if i 'm wrong , it does n't seem warranted to me . 
  the pm of malta wanted a debate , but most meps decided not to attend . 
  in our congress , seats are regularly empty too during such debates . 
  people do n't show up just to watch someone rant , unless they want to . 
  good point . 
  the eu is the only reason the uk is n't in nafta already . 
  we wanted them to join 20 years ago . 
  if it 's hard enough , they might end up in a federation with us , and then the eu will have a viable competitor on its own continent . 
  why is this such a widespread belief ? 
  of course nations can be friends . 
  they can even be relatives . 
  i mean they 're not lying . 
  they 're making the service module for the orion , but they 're talking about it over footage of the nasa spacecraft , from which they 've removed nasa 's insignia . 
  edit : and that 's a space shuttle behind them at 3:44 . 
  it 's nice , but the next time someone complains about nasa taking credit for joint projects i 'll be sure to link to this video about esa 's [ orion spacecraft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/orion_ ( spacecraft \\ ) ) and [ exomars mission . 
  no , it only seems odd because you 're misinterpreting my comment , in which i expressed skepticism of the author 's claim , that although  there 's always this element of anti-americanism to punitive european rulings against big u.s. companies if google cooperates , that will somehow stop . 
  it will never stop , because google is an american company , and all the anti-american garbage in reply to my comment proves my point . 
  the author 's argument is `` it 's not fair but play along and they might leave you alone . '', 
  i expressed skepticism of this ( they 're never going to leave google alone , because they 're american ) and this sub responds with an outburst of anti-american bullshit that basically proves my point . 
   yes , there 's always this element of anti-americanism to punitive european rulings against big u.s. companies -- but then it 's usually worth it to go local in large markets such as europe and try to play by the rules , even if they do n't always seem fair . 
   but from a risk-reward perspective , google should probably stand down and agree a remedy with vestager 's office , in this and the other two cases . 
  by playing nice for a change , google can , among other things , reduce the likelihood of new investigations . 
  its tax arrangements in europe are highly suspect . 
  it promotes its own restaurant and travel listings over those of rivals . 
  it 's a big fat target , and the commission is unlikely to leave it alone if it plays the insolent american cowboy . 
  yes , there 's always this element of anti-americanism to punitive european rulings against big u.s. companies -- but then it 's usually worth it to go local in large markets such as europe and try to play by the rules , even if they do n't always seem fair . 
  so they 're a bunch of crooks , but play dead and they might leave you alone ? 
  yeah right . 
  it 's not our place to regulate commerce within the united states ? 
  [ his first day in baghdad , ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/l-paul-bremer-was-embarrassed-on-first-and-last-days-in-iraq-2014-8 ) bremer actually told the generals to start shooting civilian looters on sight ( which they refused to do ) . 
  his argument was that they 'd only need to shoot a few of them . 
  it 's amazing that someone that incompetent ever got that job . 
   a very good reason try consulting a thesaurus , grandpa . 
   watching trump is like watching every american stereotype if you realize that your judgment of him , or anyone else , is conforming to stereotypes , is n't that a hint that you 're probably misjudging them ? 
  are n't you letting stereotypes govern your perceptions ? 
  no , but in the context of putin ... and iraq ... it 's relevant that chirac was the guy who aligned france with putin over iraq . 
  of course that 's what it 's about . 
  this is just a us media attack on a us politician and has nothing to do with europe . 
  it 's pointless too . 
  most americans are n't going to see german militarism as a catastrophe . 
  unbeknownst to the atlantic , it 's not 1952 anymore and we do n't see it as in our interest to enable european pacifism . 
  most americans would welcome a nuclear japan . 
  in fact we 're [ more likely to favor japanese militarization than the japanese are . 
  ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/04/07/americans-japanese-mutual-respect-70-years-after-the-end-of-wwii/ ) our leaders are out of touch . 
  americans are tired of enabling other rich nations to be pacifists . 
  even if it 's advantageous to us on some level , it 's fundamentally unfair and irresponsible . 
   instead of becoming polemical here , you could pick up my point about the way in which the us and europe used to complement each other when it was about making the world a safer place . 
  you ca n't possibly want that europe reduces its soft interventions to us level . 
  i think you 're overestimating the difference . 
  the us spends less of its gni on development and humanitarian aid , mainly because it has less of its gni available . 
  france takes back half its gni in taxes . 
  it also has a lower budget deficit , and germany has a budget surplus . 
  and this is only looking at public sector spending . 
  and of course there 's a need to define grey areas between civilian and military activities , but we have treaties for that purpose . 
  and no matter how you look at it , building schools is n't defense ; it 's education . 
  do you realize how firmly established it is in international law that civilian aid workers are not to be considered military personnel ? 
  if this is a serious proposal , either i 'm going to have to start carrying a gun , or your foreign minister is going to end up in prison as a war criminal . 
  it seems to be inseparable from what you 're talking about - aid , development , `` soft intervention . '', 
  i work in foreign aid , and the idea that what we do could be considered a military activity is hard to see as an indication of seriousness . 
   germany spends a lot of money on aid , support and education related to military interventions , while the us perspective is more focussed on the hard stuff such as combat equipment . 
   europe spends a relatively higher amount of money on soft foreign interventions than the us . 
  first , that 's not really even true . 
  germany spends less than the uk on foreign aid , despite having more money . 
  and the us spends more ( in absolute terms , and as a percentage of budget ) than most european countries . 
  there 's really * no * question as to whether foreign aid is defense . 
  it 's not . 
  the 2 % * minimum * is n't a technicality - it 's a commitment , and your government , or parts of it , is still trying to lawyer its way out of it . 
  there 's hardly a consensus that the debate is over . 
   possibly ( ! ), 
  to negotiate down the 2 % goal , knowing this , how can we say the debate is over ? 
  are you sure ? 
  because what you said was not true . 
  just a few weeks ago , your foreign minister argued that you should be able to count spending on refugees toward your 2 % goal .
