   yes , i 'm sure quite a few people in chile , argentina , brazil , guatemala , honduras , salvador , nicaragua , iran , saudi arabia can very well see how well the usa influenced countries to democratize . 
  i ca n't defend every action the us has ever taken . 
  but all those former regimes the us supported are actually democracies today . 
  with exceptions for iran ( which severed its relationship with us ) and saudi arabia . 
   such as ? 
  japan ? 
  though in korea 's case , the us was supporting a dictator at first . 
  west germany ? 
   maybe i would , and maybe i would n't . 
  you would n't , just like no one in / r/kurdistan would . 
   again , i 'm not hearing anybody ask to wage war to give democracy to saudi arabia or qatar . 
  normally , the us does n't do that . 
  normally , the strategy is to support undemocratic countries instead , and while supporting them , to influence them to democratize . 
  like in taiwan , with chiang kai-shek . 
  what you call ` supporting dictatorships . ', 
  i do n't blame you for believing democracy ca n't be exported , but the us actually has exported it to a number of countries , including by force of arms . 
   you never thought that democracy in iraq might not be feasible . 
  you never thought that thousand year old tensions between shiites and sunnis might derail your vision of an american iraq . 
  you never considered the forces that might arise if you destabilised a brutal , but stable , government . 
  ah yes , the good old ` they 're not ready for democracy ' argument . 
  a pillar of european foreign policy for 300 years . 
  they used to say that about the irish if i 'm not mistaken . 
   your ` foreign policy objectives ' are to meddle in other peoples ' affairs , and to assume that you know best for everyone , whether you 're right or not . 
  a free democracy is better than a genocidal dictatorship . 
  i guess we probably should have stayed out of the world wars on the same basis . 
  and the intervention in yugoslavia , which for the record was also without un approval . 
  what you guys do n't get is that we actually used to think this way . 
  100 years ago , the us did n't even have an army and tried * very * hard to remain neutral and isolated from the conflicts of the world . 
  neutralism was a firmly entrenched ideology in the us , but it was wrong . 
   democracy is not a product for exportation , and even less so by force of arms . 
  you would n't be saying that if it was your country . 
  in fact , you * do n't * say that about any of the times it * has been * your country . 
    it was n't because a democratic , pro-western iraq , allied to the united states , is actually in the interest of the united states ? 
   this is just as bad !, 
  what is it that makes you think you can topple a leader , dictator or not , to replace him with someone who is in the interests of the united states ? 
  i 'm pointing out that a democratic , pro-western iraq is very much in our national interests . 
  therefore , you do n't need some conspiracy to explain why we pushed for it . 
  strategically , what 's best for us , and for iraqis , and kurds , and everyone in the middle east , and for europe , is democracy and stability in iraq . 
  so those are our foreign policy objectives . 
   you could have a million reasons why you think saddam should have gone . 
  but the bottom line is that you lied about the reasons that you did give , and you made the decision on your own which you had no right at all to do . 
  and i was angry at bush for lying about the reasons . 
  but the un would never have voted for war just to replace a dictatorship with a democracy , or to provide the us with an ally against iran . 
  they would only approve war if saddam was a threat to other nations . 
  so yes , bush lied . 
  bad man , and maybe he should be in prison , but basically , he lied to get us into a war we should have been in 10 years earlier and for better reasons . 
   by the way , one thing that was not in doubt was that saddam 's regime was in any way near collapse . 
  sanctions had done a massive damage to the people of iraq -- but they had done nothing at all to foment a revolution . 
  he 'd already lost a lot of control and analysts were giving him eight years to live . 
   the only thing that is circular is how the us decided to go to war . 
  no , dude , you 're literally using circular logic . 
  this :  lack of international support is evidence that the invasion should n't have happened . 
  that 's circular logic . 
  you 're saying it was unjustified because other countries believed it was unjustified . 
  that 's no different from saying ` i 'm right because i say i 'm right . ', 
  that 's circular logic . 
  for the record , i did n't believe at the time that war was the right decision . 
  later , i decided i 'd been wrong . 
  you told me to ask kurds what they think . 
  i actually have asked kurds ( and other iraqis ) what they think , and if you did , you 'd probably change your mind . 
   the kurds are not the arbiters of whether the invasion was justified or not , lol . 
   then when the gulf war 1.0 happened , ** the us chose to leave saddam in power for a decade , ** under sanctions that caused many deaths and massive suffering to the iraqi people . 
  including the kurds . 
  did n't the entire world make that choice ? 
   in 2002 , bush decided to go back to war in iraq , likely based on the fact that the us had proven to be ineffective in afghanistan during the timeline for expected victory , and he and his advisors cooked up a justification . 
  really ? 
  it was n't because a democratic , pro-western iraq , allied to the united states , is actually in the interest of the united states ? 
  it was n't because people had been advocating for war with iraq since 1992 ? 
  it was n't because he was a genocidal dictator and needed to go , and his regime was going to collapse and then iraq would have become western iran ? 
  none of that had any effect on our strategic policy ? 
   your authourisation for military force in iraq had * absolutely nothing at all to do with crimes against humanity in iraq . 
  * nothing . 
  can you tell me what obama and the state department think about human rights in myanmar , or is your telepathy only limited to one subject ? 
   lack of international support is evidence that the invasion should n't have happened . 
  holy shit that 's circular . 
   600k from the fighting , and 53k from its after effects . 
  you need to read the article again . 
  those deaths are according to a survey , and were after the war and not due to fighting . 
  it 's the estimated overall increase in mortality from all causes . 
  and it seems plausible to me that iraq after the war would have been a better place to live if more countries had committed to peacekeeping and support , but maybe you disagree . 
   no one is debating the crimes of sadam against iraqis , including kurds . 
  yes we are . 
  you 're saying they should have been left under saddam , for ` justice . ', 
  really , go and make that argument on / r/kurdistan if you 're so confident in your beliefs . 
   the us supported iraq during the iran/iraq war . 
  yes , briefly , on the basis of iraq being ` the enemy of my enemy , ' but only in a fairly small way compared to other countries . 
  in any event , what is the relevance here ? 
  you 're talking about two different administrations 25 years apart . 
  ` the us ' is not some single entity whose interests and motivations never change . 
   ask the kurds about how they feel about isis , which is a product of the war in iraq , and is a threat now across the middle east . 
  why do n't you take your own advice ? 
  go and ask / r/kurdistan and / r/iraq whether the us and uk should have invaded . 
  while you 're at it , tell them why you think it was a bad idea and why they should have been left under saddam . 
  i 'd love to see that discussion . 
   and the us did n't care one iota about kurds or others when it armed sadam with chemical weapons and other munitions during the iran/iraq war . 
  [ iraq 's chemical weapons program was mainly provided by germany . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_chemical_weapons_program#the_1980s_program ) and the soviet union provided almost everything else . 
   the decision to go to war cost the lives of somewhere between an estimated 100k and 600k iraqi civilians . 
  there is a 99.999 % chance that if the us and uk had not invaded , they would not have been killed by those forces . 
  how can you possibly compute that chance ?
