  you do n't have the death penalty in europe , because you 're not allowed to , not because you do n't want to . 
  but amending the constitution = !, 
  dictatorship . 
  election of judges was only introduced by some states in the 1900s , as an anti-corruption measure . 
  that seems like a good point . 
  i do n't know the constitutional system well enough to comment . 
  and a lot more often it has n't . 
  every time we get a new president , either the right or the left howls about dictatorship and we 've still never had dictatorship . 
  it 's problematic but i do n't see it causing dictatorship . 
  yes but that can only happen one time , this year . 
  the reason it 's dangerous to make judges replaceable is that if they are , then the legislature can threaten to replace them if they do n't rule its way . 
  but under this system , that 's not possible , since once they 're confirmed they ca n't be removed - unless i misread . 
  but it only allows the current ones to be replaced in the sense that they 'll have to be reconfirmed in the new system . 
  it does n't make it generally possible to replace judges , does it ? 
  that 's not something they 've adopted yet . 
  it 's part of another bill that was introduced this week and is ( i think ) unlikely to go anywhere . 
  the reforms they 've adopted are similar to the system we 've been using for hundreds of years . 
  canada , mexico and other countries in our hemisphere also appoint judges that way . 
  we even elect judges by popular vote in some states . 
  the question was , * why * would they try it ? 
  the * right * to be forgotten ? 
  how does that even sound like a good idea ? 
  it really makes me despair . 
  you 're british , presumably . 
  or you 're using the british english definition of ` government . ', 
  it 's the same thing in your country . 
  we have the same legal system - common law - which means judges can make law . 
  you just get confused about it , maybe because you do n't have regular elections or a written constitution and your whole government is kind of weird and inexplicable . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/federal_government_of_the_united_states  the federal government is composed of three distinct branches : legislative , executive , and judicial, 
  of course judges are the government . 
  we 're not using british english here - it 's ok to use words correctly . 
  i 'm envisioning a situation where europeans have to use a vpn to access american search engines because the information they 're looking for is blacklisted from theirs . 
  it 's a nice fantasy , but in truth , the world is so interconnected today that if europe goes that way , we probably will too , and then none of us will have the right to remember . 
  judges are government . 
  and if you 're a politician and there 's something you want people to forget ? 
  so assimilate the fact that people change , and also that you 're not living in the 20th century , and adjust yourself to it . 
  do n't give the government the authority to censor you so you do n't remember too much and accidentally cause others to remember . 
  well that 's ridiculous if true , but as the article said , it was just introduced in the legislature this week and is separate from the main issue . 
   right to be forgotten what on earth could make someone think they have such a right ? 
  the right to make us forget things ? 
  i understand that the legislation is a little more nuanced , but about the principle implied in the phrase `` right to be forgotten '' - the `` right '' to make other people ( including private organizations like google ) forget something - just no . 
  that 's scary . 
  source ? 
  i do n't see what all the fuss is about . 
  our supreme court judges have been appointed by the president and congress for over 200 years , and we have 50 member states with similar systems . 
  that 's also how it works in canada and other democratic countries . 
   i mean , in france , before before the migration waves from sub-saharian africa and maghreb , even before the migration waves from italy and poland , you could n't say that britanny , alsace , paris , flanders , the basque country where culturally homogeneous . 
  ... you 're equating the heterogeneity of britanny and alsace with the heterogeneity of britanny and subsaharan africa ? 
  honestly , at least one good thing about the last few years is that people might finally stop telling us that diversity means eating many different kinds of cheeses and having many different ways of pronouncing your vowels . 
  a [ membership action plan ( map ) ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_37356.htm ) is n't membership - it 's an advisory program for countries who want membership in the future . 
  that seems to prove that they 're pretty * un * common , does n't it ? 
   by that basis , we can say that trump is a clear reflection of american nationalism , and theresa may is a clear reflection of british nationalism as well . 
  i do n't know about `` clear '' , but certainly a reflection . 
   was he fully democratically elected ? 
  i honestly do n't remember . 
  but putin did n't invent the concept of russian nationalism . 
  you could argue that he 's more of a reflection of it . 
  that 's why we also separate the two branches of the political power : legislature/executive . 
  trump ca n't appoint a supreme court justice without congress 's approval . 
  and even congress is separated into two branches . 
  and if congress , the president and the supreme court all fail , the state governments can hold a constitutional convention . 
  and if that fails , each state at least has its own military . 
  if that fails , there 's the 2nd amendment . 
  you do n't have the death penalty because you 're not allowed to . 
  in the uk , for example , 2015 was the first time support for it was ever recorded at less than 50 % , despite it being banned since the 1960s : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-32061822, 
  your presumption is wrong - it has n't always been balanced . 
  but i 'm sure a two-party system helps - no communist or fascist judges . 
  as i said , the independence of the supreme court rests in the fact that justices ca n't be removed from office except by death - thus the other branches of government have no legal means of compelling them to rule in their favor . 
   you know that 's the whole point of an independent judiciary , do n't you ? 
   they should be self-governing and be separated from the legislative and executive branch . 
  that 's the basic concept of separation between the powers of state . 
  if you remove that , you can no longer call yourself a democracy . 
   more to the point , the reason why the judiciary needs to be independent is so that it can check power abuses of the government - if now you get judges appointed by the legislature or the executive that check basically goes away and you 'll only get pro-government rulings in the courts . 
  are we not a democracy , then ? 
  our supreme court judges have been appointed by the president ( subject to approval by congress ) for over 200 years . 
  their independence rests in the fact that they ca n't be removed once appointed . 
   however , do you believe that this russian role within the world is the same as being aware of its own destiny , and furthermore , due to the fact that the russian state keeps a very tight grip on the affairs of the nation , can we say that the nation is aware of its destiny , or is it merely guided ? 
  i think ordinary russians are conscious of russia 's status as a great power and believe it has a certain role to play in world affairs ( and that 's one reason they support putin ) , so on that basis i 'd say the nation is aware . 
  do n't forget italy/spain/greece / etc. 
  it does n't sound terrible , as long as the minister/sejm ca n't remove judges it does n't like . 
  we 've had presidentially appointed ( and legislature-confirmed ) supreme court judges for hundreds of years . 
  no age limit though , iirc . 
   we are switching from self-appointment of judges in supreme court by judicary system alone to system where minister can `` hand-pick '' them if he wants ( but they need to be judges with many years experience ) . 
  after he `` hand-picks '' them , will the legislature get to vote on their appointment ? 
  can you explain what the actual changes are ? 
  there 's so much contradictory information . 
  similarly , we have less of a welfare state than europe , but we also have flags everywhere , a daily pledge of allegiance , etc. 
  labeling different nations `` individualist '' and `` collectivist '' is always problematic because there are many different forms of both . 
  britain be like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejd3-wzhsa8&amp;t=10m55s, 
  i 'm basically a nationalist ; i believe in the value of national identity . 
  some nations have historically identified themselves as having a particular `` mission '' in the world . 
  the united states is one ; russia is another ; china is another ; france is another . 
  i think it 's a mostly healthy thing for a nation to have , even if i do n't agree on the details of what they believe their national purpose to be . 
   do you want proof of that , because i can easily provide some ? 
  i 'll take your word for it , although if you only talk about subjects you actually know something about , you 're an unusual redditor . 
   so what makes you say that it is `` a nation to have an awareness of its own destiny '' ? 
  the comment i was replying to was n't about putin vs navalny , but about russian cultural exceptionalism in a larger sense . 
  it 's something i like about russia regardless of politics . 
  this is what you said :  i find it ironic that you try to tell me what my president said , even though i 'm french and can easily call out bullshit on that . 
  are you telling me that you do n't talk about american politics ?
