  in the article , they just refer to criminals . 
  because you see our existence and our entire history as a crime ? 
  come off it . 
  what was that about oligarchy ? 
  and you 're opposed to colonialism , remember ? 
  face it , you do n't think we should ever have existed . 
  and you do n't think irish nationalism being rooted in rejection of british imperialism has anything to do with your opinion ? 
  the point is that we might have to find good in things that you do n't . 
  you ca n't have pride in your nation without having pride in its past . 
  not unless you 're like germany and can make your history into a quasi-religious tale of sin , repentance , atonement and salvation ; or you 're like ireland and can make it a tale of struggle and ultimate victory against a foreign oppressor . 
  and not all nations have those options . 
  does n't it ? 
  it 's only when people stop having pride in their nation that they turn to charlatans who offer them promises about returning to the good old days . 
  it 's the * loss * of patriotism that does that . 
  but believe whatever you must . 
  see edit . 
  you see , that 's the thing : trump does n't embody that . 
  he wears a hat that says americans are n't a great nation . 
  the only genuinely patriotic candidate is clinton . 
  edit : but the american left , like the british and european left , abandoned patriotism and nationalism years ago in favor of what you 're offering , so clinton 's message does n't sell with them anymore , and the result is that we might elect donald trump as president two days from now . 
  i 'll be voting for clinton , but yeah . 
  no , i 'm agreeing that we would n't know much about preserving constitutional democracy where i 'm from . 
  we 've only been doing it for 400 years , after all . 
   neither was germany post ww1 , the problem is people really really would like to be proud of their country . 
  can end up making some odd choices so then , it seems to me that a shortage of patriotism is a greater threat to a civil body politic , but ... that 's probably stupid . 
  it was n't great , but that again is something everyone did . 
  imo , the things you deserve to be proud of , or ashamed of , are the things about you that are different . 
  oh , is that how you do it ? 
  after all these centuries , the world 's two oldest democracies finally know how politics works , thanks to you . 
   the percent of americans who are proud of their country is currently at an all-time low . 
  the situation in britain is similar . 
  neither of us are actually suffering from a glut of patriotism . 
  yes , but even that was because of british liberalism . 
  it was for [ `` the rights of englishmen '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rights_of_englishmen ) that the colonies initially rebelled . 
  and the pm at the time was basically on our side . 
  and then london gave in to all of canada 's demands to stop them from doing a brexit of their own . 
  it was a fairly liberal empire . 
  i was n't going to give an opinion on it because it 's none of my business , but personally , i think both british and germans take their self-flagellation a little too far . 
  it seems to be a western trend . 
   they did much more than seed `` liberalism '' . 
  so did everyone . 
  that does n't mean they ca n't take pride in it . 
  and , well , british colonialism created my nation , so forgive me if i do n't see it as unremittingly evil influence on history . 
  ... destroyed slavery and seeded liberalism on the shores of every continent , laying the foundation for the modern world ? 
  i think this is more of a western hemisphere thing , tbh . 
  although , the first actual swede i met , i assumed was minnesotan because of the accent . 
  do you really not get the logic of not counting ** french ** tunisia as an arab country for the purpose of that statement ? 
  that was n't a war of our choice , and i would n't call italian libya and french tunisia arab countries . 
  sometimes . 
  sometimes it matters less : in banking , for example . 
  this article is basically a straw man . 
  no one ever said distance does n't matter at all , but there are plenty more important things . 
  exactly . 
  politics matters more than distance . 
  and the purpose of free trade agreements is to eliminate trade barriers between separate entities . 
  britain was in a single economy with north america 400 years ago , and with 1/3 of humanity 100 years ago . 
  i do n't think it matters * that * much . 
  fair enough . 
  i apologize for reading more into your comment than was intended . 
  i had no opinion for or against brexit . 
  what i know about it is that it 's about britain 's long-term future , to which none of these stories means anything at all . 
  years from now , they could be poorer , or they could be richer . 
  they could end up completely outside or not , or in a different union altogether ( i 've always liked the canzukus idea ) . 
  the future is pretty open , which i guess is what you were getting at . 
   we are just wondering , how will you survive ? 
  how indeed ? 
  europe has predicted the downfall of the united kingdom many times , and has been wrong every time . 
  you 're talking about a country with a long history of being proven right when others have been wrong -- in particular , in matters of * government * and * finance . 
  * it could be that the uk will end up impoverished and ruined as a result of brexit , but i would n't bet on that happening , would you ? 
  it might be easy to forget this , but the u.s. has invaded a grand total of one arab country in 200 years . 
  that 's oversimplifying the issue . 
  what is `` left wing '' and `` right wing '' on one continent is n't `` left wing '' and `` right wing '' on other continents . 
  for example , chinese conservatives are those who still cling to marxism . 
  his rejection of traditional american concepts like militarism , economic liberalism and free trade . 
  sanders is far from center on many issues , and clinton , as a member of the new democrat faction , is actually a centrist on principle . 
  clinton is a [ centrist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_democrats ) from the `` third way '' faction . 
  it 's been the issue since my [ first comment , ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/58ziw9/brexit_is_making_britons_poorer_and_meaner/d956di0/ ) when i bolded that part of the quote and criticized the article for disdaining `` the idea of national sovereignty . '', 
  the english word * sovereign * means `` possessing supreme or ultimate power . '', 
  the idea that the nation is the most important civic body is exactly what national sovereignty means . 
  this article is arguing against national sovereignty . 
  you wo n't admit that , because then your rationale for labeling me a jew-hating conspiracy theorist would fall apart . 
  you refuse to answer the question because if you did , you would n't be able to go on calling me a nazi anymore . 
  are you deliberately avoiding the question ? 
  is that what national sovereignty means , or is n't it ? 
  why not ? 
  as i quoted in my first comment , the article disdains `` the assertion of the nation as the most important civic body . '', 
  is n't that the meaning of the phrase * national sovereignty ? 
   is it too much to ask you to stop and think and treat your fellow man with dignity ? 
  you 're asking that , after labeling someone an anti-semite and a `` disingenuous cockbag '' ? 
  if you want civil discourse , why do n't you reply to criticism with reason instead of insults ? 
  the article casts disdain on `` the assertion of the nation as the most important civic body . '', 
  is n't that what the phrase * national sovereignty * means ? 
  do you understand the meaning of the word * formally ? 
  * the trustees formally appoint editors , who are nominated by the board of directors . 
  it 's obvious that you have n't actually investigated this , so why do you have such a firm opinion ? 
  why do you refuse to be informed ? 
  why are you so threatened by the simple statement that the owners of an editorial publication like the economist are * interested * in its editorial message ? 
  why do you label me a nazi for taking such a reasonable position , while refusing to address the actual substance of my comment , which was about the concept of national sovereignty in civic politics and the article 's obvious disdain for the idea ? 
  someday someone who does n't know how to listen is going to say the same thing to you , and then you 'll realize what a jerk you 're being . 
  i 'm just going to start quoting :  the rothschilds and the agnellis are represented on the board of directors .
