  i would n't want anyone but the tories when it comes to negotiating business deals and international relations . 
  they 've always driven a very hard bargain ever since the thatcher days , especially with the eu . 
  leaving this in the hands of labour , now that 'd be a disaster . 
  in what way ? 
  he does n't have a job , no power , is n't on the negotiating table , his party is likely to die since they do n't really have a big issue to latch on to . 
  he can not guide what will come . 
  `` so , even if driving a hard bargain with the u.k. does some damage to the e.u. 's economy , that may be a price worth paying , in order to show euroskeptics everywhere that leaving has consequences . '', 
  this is how people who wanted the uk to remain actually think ? 
  yeah sure , why not just kneecap anyone who wants to leave your group eh ? 
  sorry , were we talking about the eu or a caliphate ? 
  fuck right off . 
  you 're assuming that all remain voters would n't be against free movement , that is n't true . 
  your ignorance of the way the uk works is showing . 
  and what exactly is farage meant to be doing ... ? 
  fair enough , i just assumed it based on you saying `` i mean , he 's an intelligent guy , boris johnson . 
  he did n't actually think the uk was going to be better off without the eu . 
  `` only idiots want to leave the eu '' seriously ? 
  then you have a very warped perception of reality . 
  what kind of world is this where you ca n't criticise someone unless you 're willing to take their position ? 
  do you also have to be a chef to tell if food is bad ? 
  so no one has the right to criticise the leadership unless they are willing to become pm ? 
  good thing he 's not resigning then ? 
  he 's still in the same position he was before and he will be playing his part in managing the country ? 
  it 's not just if you 're a teacher , it 's many many people , people hate it when you fuck with teachers because everyone generally respects teachers . 
  same with hunt and the doctors . 
  so not wanting to be pm is cowardice ? 
  can you really not think of a reason to not want to be pm other than cowardice ? 
  he 's probably been the most important politician in the uk of the last 6 months , other than maybe cameron . 
  he 's a very big name . 
  be loud about anything he feels strongly about , he wields a decent amount of power . 
  even if he ends up on a backbench i can promise you he 'll be wielding some decent clout . 
  seriously ? 
  just because you believe that x is the best decision , you have to personally put it in place ? 
  are you seriously in the same vein of people who thinks that politicians who decide to go to war should be sent on to the front lines themselves ? 
  i do n't think you understand how hated gove is here , literally no one cares what he says considering the work he 's done in the past . 
  it 's honestly amazing that leave won with gove as one of their faces . 
  unfit to be better than her ? 
  or maybe he just does n't want to be pm ? 
  is that really so insane to think ? 
  he 's still going to be a big name , he 's still going to be loud , he holds a safe conservative seat . 
  pray tell how politics will be finished for him ? 
  it 's still pretty much a conspiracy theory with no actual support . 
  really ? 
  he would have easily been frontrunner for pm if he 'd tried , you have gove and may , who are pretty disliked , and the rest are a bunch of nobodies . 
  boris will still be about , i guarantee you . 
  i do n't know in what form , but he 's not going anywhere . 
  it is ? 
  he 's not killing himself you know , he 's just not running for pm , like almost every other person in the uk that supported leave . 
  he 's still going to be pretty important in the political scene . 
  zero evidence in fact , he still supports leave and has written on the matter a lot , all this seems to be based on the fact he did n't run for pm , which really is n't a huge deal and there are many theories on why that is the case . 
  [ the fire rises . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36odfqa-xqw ), 
  wait , are people serious about this ? 
  do people genuinely think boris did n't want to leave the eu or is this just a conspiracy meme ? 
  but most jobs actually are worth it at the rate of work the native population can do , but are undercut regardless by immigrants . 
  you 're right for some jobs but the minimum wage largely invalidates this anyway as most of the potential jobs that could exist according to you have a output/pay ratio below that . 
  which is n't necessarily what we want ? 
  having swathes of the native population unemployed is not a good idea . 
  go on then , tell me how it 's xenophobic ? 
  you seem very upset for no apparent reason , might want to get some sun while you can mate . 
  calm down mate , everyone 's allowed opinions on immigration . 
  erh ... on average , they are ? 
  compared to the majority of eu migrants , ones from slavic countries or romania are lower skilled , that 's not xenophobia , that 's fact . 
  there 's far less of a need , low-skilled work is a rapidly declining industry as automation of everything becomes more and more prevalent , and especially when you consider that the uk has a very small manufacturing centre , which is the primary destination of low skilled work . 
  how the fuck is that xenophobic ? 
  why is it wrong to not want people coming into your country with poor education and a lack of skills ? 
  they will not contribute on the same level as a skilled worker will , so we 're a lot less interested in allowing them to stay here . 
  people who support the eu . 
  rather be a wanker than a 4th reich nazi . 
  pretty easy to point out who really has n't read up on economics and trading when they do shit like this , they 're the same people who think what happened to the pound was a big deal . 
  yeah , except that 's not true , he repeatedly gave the real figure that i think was around 180m or something , that 's largely irrelevant . 
  over the past years he must have given it an absolute minimum of 100 times , that is coming clean about the truth . 
  until there are proper statistics this is nothing . 
  if there are no statistics then the police are acting on nothing . 
  that 's still terrible , it 's found to have no evidence behind it and he 's spreading it when it 's his job to be researching his show . 
  that makes him a cunt . 
  comedian 's do n't just make fun of public figures . 
  except the vast majority of the time in the online world i 'm conversing with english people who use '' , i 'm not going to change the way i write when i come here just to please europeans . 
  how does that change my point ? 
  yes ? 
  there are reasons to not want immigration that are n't `` immigrants are evil and will rape me '' . 
  really ? 
  how would it have been more complex to say boris johnson instead of farage ? 
  i doubt the majority of the american watchers know either ? 
  a lot of statistics do support this though ? 
  a peruse through various criminal databases confirms that there is a higher crime rate among migrants than native people , not really sure what you 're getting at here . 
  again , how exactly it 's it racist to deport people ? 
  i do n't think legitimately there is a massive swathe of the population who purely dislikes foreigners based on their nationality , the issue is far more nuanced than that and ignoring it to shout `` racism ! '', 
  does a disservice to everyone . 
  really ? 
  i hear calls for measurable data , i see a lot of people evaluating issues with islam via good sources like pew research , maybe you 're not really hanging out with the right people if everyone you know is a raging bigot . 
  again , even if this was the case and no one wanted measurable data to the contrary , it still would n't make this right . 
  do n't . 
  spread . 
  it 's not hard . 
  are you seriously saying that the majority of brits are racist ? 
  you can be against immigration without being racist you know , it 's pretty offensive for you to say that . 
  how on earth is that relevant ? 
  both the leave and remain sides used a ton of bullshit and fake stats , that does n't mean it 's suddenly ok to do . 
  it should still be condemned when you see it .
