  i know ? 
  except it 's not actually a joke , no one believes the ted cruz rumour , millions believe the pig rumour in the uk . 
  if you keep calling someone something that insulting as a joke , and suddenly people believe it , you should probably stop . 
  he 's allowed to do it , it just makes people cunts when they spread unsubstantiated rumours about raping pig corpses , but i guess it 'd be cool if millions of people watched a video that said you did it and then believed it ? 
  no big deal eh ? 
  patriotism is n't the same as textual vernacular . 
  yes ? 
  i 'm not defending the bus , it 's clearly bullshit , and it 's totally cool to call duncan a fuckwit for this , but that 's not what oliver did , he called out someone who literally never supported that figure . 
  that makes john oliver a cunt too as 5 minutes of research would have shown that farage did n't do that . 
  it 's still a terrible thing to do to someone though is n't it ? 
  to spread rumours about a public figure that many many people take seriously that he fucks the corpses of animals ? 
  or should i go on tv and call merkel and hollande child rapists , and then say , `` whoh , it 's fair game man i was n't serious '' . 
  `` does it really matter who did lie '' yes , of course it fucking was , are you serious ? 
  nigel farage was being attacked for something he specifically did not say , or even complicity agreed with . 
  he always gave the actual figure of the amount the uk pays subtract the rebate . 
  it 's ridiculous to literally blame people for things they did not do , do you really think farage was the one who put it on the bus ? 
  he was nothing to do with that group . 
  anything to support people 's agenda eh ? 
  he made a claim that was unsubstantiated , hence an unsubstantiated claim . 
  not all people do it that way , it 's common in the uk to use '' . 
  farage was not the leave campaign , so of course it matters , most people who know anything about the campaign could see the difference . 
  if one of merkel 's colleagues was found being racist you would not hold merkel to account would you ? 
  '' `` piggate '' refers to an uncorroborated anecdote '' right there in the first line buddy , did you get that far ? 
  it 's not just satirical though is it ? 
  let 's not be disingenuous , it 's in part meant to be watched seriously . 
  how is that ironic ? 
  the leave campaign did that , correct , not sure how it 's relevant when it comes to jo though . 
  not sure how this is relevant to what i said but sure ? 
  let 's not beat around the bush , the campaign from both sides was abysmal and full of shite . 
  the uk deserved better than that . 
  john oliver is n't just a comedian , he 's a social and political commentator too , it 's a very good combination , unfortunately he lets them conflict and it evidently hurts his analysis . 
  yeah man , he 's just a comedian, 
  yes , let 's abuse random figures for unrelated things , and make totally unsubstantiated claims like cameron fucked a pig , or farage actually said that # 350m would go to the nhs , which he also did not do . 
  all in all , standard john oliver bullshit , unsubstantiated comments , clearly poorly researched and bashing those he disagrees while a horde of troglodytes laugh and take what he says as gospel . 
  pretty disappointed to have him as a countryman really . 
  edit : turns out you can not criticise anything that is against brexit or you get downvoted by r/europe , good to see why we left the eu if this is how europeans want to discuss it . 
  so this is n't an actual thing is it ? 
  i mean no actual statistics to show that racial abuse and hate crime has risen , just a bunch of assorted anecdotes ? 
  that 's not good enough to actually claim there 's a crime wave going on . 
  you can apply that to everything , `` just think about everyone as humans , we have a huge history to explore , a lot to learn from each other . 
  having one big state does n't mean everybody should be the same . 
  imo '' the fact is , the more you 're united , the less individuality you have . 
  sure , the states of america are diverse , but nowhere near to the degree of euro countries . 
  if you 're proud of your nation and culture then why do you wish for it to be eroded ? 
  this is why the uk wanted to live , anyone with a shred of national pride does not want a united states of europe . 
  in october , the exit will be well underway by then . 
  they 'll never do that , cameron confirmed they wont too . 
  was fun while is lasted , but this is good for everyone in the long run , hope you guys realise this too . 
  we can be in control though , hence not endless ... hence i 'm not the idiot in this chain ... 
  standard european short termism , maybe if you guys looked at the long run then you 'd bail on the eu too . 
  tally ho eu , it was fun , but we do n't want to have to prop up your moronic currencies or house your endless stream of immigrants . 
  have fun chaps . 
  better to live in a past that was good than live in a future that does n't exist . 
  i 'd rather be nationalist given how well the uk has done historically than anti-nationalist and try and change everything . 
  left wing meekness and excessive humbleness strikes again . 
  wake up and smell the roses and look at us compared to the world , it 's glorious . 
  yeah man , we 'll be identical to norway , as we all know we have the same negotiating power as them . 
  get real man , we 're a big fucking deal in europe as arrogant as it sounds , they wont fuck us . 
  well if we 're lucky tonight at least we 'll be able to rule ourselves , unlike the rest of you kowtowing euros . 
  rule britannia , britannia rules the waves !, 
  looks like remain is going to win , feels bad man , hopefully we can have another one soon . 
  i did , still voted leave . 
  too bad the eu still has to follow the law and let us into the trade talks unless allow them to not do to . 
  and we get this information and the ability to affect decisions that wont impact us as we 'll be long gone from the eu and not funding your economies anymore . 
  feels good . 
  this comments section shows how insane the anti-uk and pro-eu bias is here , people are fine with breaking eu law if it spites the uk , and yet still want our money to fund their project ( read `` fund their failing economies '' ) . 
  it 's to do with european politics ? 
  this is n't just `` the eu sub '' you know . 
  i 'd say something here but any show of british pride around these parts seems to make people very angry :(, 
  yeah , and it 's better than the guy with food not being able to offer it at all . 
  how dare employers enter a consensual agreement with working people about their pay , the state must stick it 's nose into this business and override the worker 's autonomy . 
  people should n't be allowed to make decisions that the state knows it should n't . 
  i mean , you ca n't , really ? 
  is the eu so fragile that the loss of a very small island nation is something you literally can not afford ? 
  nuance and posturing do not invalidate democracy , it 's simply another part of our culture that is hard to understand if you 're european . 
  in the same way that when we say , `` that 's a really interesting idea , i 'll pass it along '' , we actually mean , `` that 's really stupid , stop talking about it now '' does n't invalidate the concept of truth . 
  in the uk there 's a very distinct difference between what people say and what they mean , this applies twofold to politicians . 
  posturing is a big deal . 
  if you 're implying that the uk takes a sympathetic stance to russia like the us is doing right now , you could n't be further off . 
  the uk has always been hawkish with russia and that will continue . 
  never really understood the eu 's stance on hating national pride , must come about as a result of germany 's history and them being the main leader of the eu . 
  we may have to have a border for crossing between the entire island and britain if need be . 
  downvotes for this ... really ? 
  not exactly sure yet . 
  we 'll figure that one out , but that 's not exactly going to change the history between the uk and ireland . 
  they will , but we still wont treat them like one . 
  our relationship is very different to the rest of the eu , just like how our relationship with the commonwealth is very different from the rest of the non-commonwealth states . 
  that 's irrelevant , the relationship between them is still totally different to that of the uk 's relations with the rest of the eu . 
  you ca n't lump anomalies into other data and pretend it 's fine . 
  it 'd be misleading to include ireland among the other eu nations , as the cause of so many uk nationals being in ireland is a result of the free movement between the two countries . 
  also it 'd be very confusing for everyone because so many people living in ireland have duel irish/british citizenship . 
  pretty clear that treating ireland like the rest of the eu countries would lead to very misleading data when relating to immigration , that 's why they 're excluded . 
  `` and let that be the legacy of our time . 
  the prize towards which we work . 
  the destination at which we arrive once the negotiation is done . 
  and let us do it not for ourselves , but for those who follow . 
  for the country 's children and grandchildren too . 
  so that when future generations look back at this time , they will judge us not only by the decision that we made , but by what we made of that decision . 
  they will see that we shaped them a brighter future . 
  they will know that we built them a better britain . '' rule britannia .
