  `` b-but you 're not even european !, 
  y-y-you 're not allowed to talk !, 
  stop it ! '', 
  it 'd be funny if it was n't so sad , but the eu was built on delusion so i guess that troglodytes like you are the natural heirs . 
  why do you want to hurt us ? 
  do you want to go back to the age where war is carried out just because people disagree with you ? 
  if spain wants a war with the uk then so be it , but i think we all know how that 'd turn out given the quality of each military . 
  shame you 're living in a dream world mate . 
  even before the eu existed the uk had a better standard of living than modern eastern europe , so saying without it they 're going to get worse than them is pure fantasy . 
  `` respect my anecdotes '', 
  why ? 
  you seem a lot sadder than i am . 
  it 's not to do with prosperity mostly , it 's about self governance . 
  what crisis are you referring to here ... ? 
  specifically wanting to give bad terms to a country before negotiations have even started is indicative of a mindset to punish , this is n't hard . 
  that 's exactly why i do n't think it was leading , seems like people who think that just getting their own personal best deal would be fair , would say they wanted a fair deal . 
  you 're right about it being immediately after the vote though , i hope tensions have cooled since then . 
  i do n't really think it 's as bad , i think a lot of people want to see the eu crumble because they believe it to be a terrible and damaging union , but not individual european countries . 
  i just find it hard to imagine that there 's a bunch of skinheads somewhere gleefully praying that belgium 's economy collapses lets say , i might be wrong though . 
  i thought it was more of an accepted fact that a lot of europeans felt quite vindictive about it . 
  here 's the data though . 
  https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3766/reactions-to-brexit-across-16-countries.aspx under `` brexit terms '' . 
  if this was the case then people would n't specify to have unfavourable terms , the stance you 're taking is reasonably fair , so you 'd expect people who agreed with it to say they wanted fair terms . 
  saying you want the uk to have specifically unfavourable terms is indicative of punishment . 
  if you want to take the ruthless `` i only care about my own prosperity '' route then yes , you 're correct , however that 's not how europe generally operates and hence we assume it to not be the case . 
  we 're a bit more civilised than a bunch of warring african nations . 
  it also assumes that economics is a zero sum game where if one person loses out then everyone else benefits , which is like ... the opposite of what free trade does . 
  ayy lmao , i guess we 'll just see how it goes , no idea what the bureaucrats and politicians will end up agreeing on , might end up having to wall off the channel . 
  fucking foreigners coming here and stealing our wome - jk . 
  hope you can deal with the english cooking though . 
  well `` the eu '' does n't have a singular will , there 's half a billion people in it . 
  i thought it was contextually clear i was referring to the large portion of the eu population who wanted to see britain leave with unforgivable terms . 
  you 're right that i could have been clearer though . 
  do you want names and addresses or what ? 
  https://www.ipsos-mori.com/researchpublications/researcharchive/3766/reactions-to-brexit-across-16-countries.aspx `` 56 % of britons think the eu should offer favourable terms , compared with 30 % across eu countries as a whole . 
  france is least likely to say the uk should be offered favourable terms at just 19 % , compared with 39 % saying the terms should be unfavourable . '', 
  in france alone , long standing partner of ours , pretty much 40 % of people want us to get a bad deal out of it . 
  yeah i 'll give you that one . 
  unfortunately people in the uk were n't able to learn a second language like a lot of europeans , so we had to learn sarcasm to just confuse them instead . 
  british sarcasm is close to a second language if you do n't understand all the nuance behind it . 
  if you mean this in the context of remaining in the eu , i 'm all for economic unity so everyone can have a stronger economy , less unemployment , and a greater disposable income , and most british people are . 
  the reason people left was that the eu was becoming less and less of an economic project , and more of a political one . 
  i want easy trade , the ability for skilled workers to move around , and an environment in which business can thrive . 
  however i do n't want to be forced into a supreme eu court , and have to follow eu laws for instance . 
  if you mean prosper together outside the eu , then absolutely , i would like a free trade deal to be negotiated for as soon as we leave so we can continue with the economic side of the eu as untouched as possible . 
  good luck to you guys too , hope you can prosper well . 
  really now ? 
  is culture of having nationalism cower and play second fiddle the the eu really so alien to you that you assume it 's satire ? 
  `` this man seems to be saying he believes in his country , and does n't have faith in the importance of the eu , must be satirical ... '', 
  you 're right , leavers certainly are n't flawless people either , lot of assholes and idiots on our side too . 
  yep , that 's what i feel most people want , we still wish europe the best in it 's endeavours . 
  obviously i expected this , and you 're being fair , i 'm not referring to people who just want us to lose our member privileges , i 'm referring to people who want the uk punished and destroyed for leaving . 
  that 's not what i 'm referring to , i 'm not saying i want the benefits without paying , i do n't want the single market or anything like that , i ' referring to the people who specifically say they want to punish the uk , of which there are a lot . 
  that 's fine and fair , i have no issue with that , but a lot of europeans insist that they want to make sure the uk gets a terrible deal so they fail and then everyone else will be afraid to leave the union . 
  point is that we 're not afraid of it at all . 
  look at how strong our economy is and how well we 're doing , leaving a little continental tea party is not going to scratch the behemoth of the uk economy . 
  europeans who insist on telling us how screwed we are blinded by some weird euronationalism , look at history and tell us how this is going to harm us , erm ring a bell ? 
  at first , i did n't understand why the eu felt the need to `` punish '' us so badly if we were to leave , surely if it was such a bad idea then out economy would collapse on it 's own and we would n't need to be punished . 
  now i understand why they want to punish us . 
  if the people of europe realise how well we 're going to do out of this then the european project will die overnight . 
  absolutely , the people of a country should n't be allowed to pick their own fate , unless it 's the one the eu wants . 
  unfortunately it turns out that the uk is made of sterner stuff than ireland was back in the nice and lisbon days . 
  germany not even top 10 . 
  wonder if this will dispel people 's illusion of germany being the best country in europe . 
  yes , california who certainly has the power to nuke other countries if the need came about . 
  then make some sort of counterargument . 
  alright . 
  it 's a direct response to your comment ... it could n't be more relevant . 
  good thing the legal sector deals with legal situations then , rather than moral . 
  i 'm simply contesting whether the imperial british were evil without the irish being evil , which is the commonly pushed narrative by many irish people . 
  either they both were , or neither were , but you are refusing to engage with even a hypothetical situation that could reflect poorly on the irish , that is why your analysis of the situation is very incomplete . 
  i 'm not dismissing reality in the slightest . 
  i 'm noting it , i 've accepted everything you 've said that the british did as fact . 
  this does not mean it 's the only thing to be considered . 
  if you 're not willing to examine hypothetical then you should keep your analysis far , far away from the moral zone , else you end up with mainly basing your morality based on results rather than actions . 
  because all you 've done is stated the facts i 'm aware of and have already accepted . 
  i know what the british did , we 're not discussing what they did , but the moral implications of what they did , and the hypothetical other situations that let us judge the british relative to their peers . 
  so then answer the question , do you believe the irish would have done the same or not , and if so , why not ? 
  i never said it was an accident , you 've totally misinterpreted my last comment . 
  you said that the intent to do awful things , if you have the capacity , is not compelling as an argument to make for being immoral . 
  i argued that intent is actually usually the compelling factor in deciding whether an action is moral or not . 
  you 're not engaging with the argument . 
  if the irish would have done it , then they 're just as bad . 
  if they would not have , then it would likely be due to some sort of difference in values . 
  sure it 's a hypothetical , but we can all at least have our opinions of what we think would have happened . 
  personally i doubt that the irish would have done much differently were the roles reversed , hence i do n't morally condemn the british ( or i do , but i also condemn everyone else who would have done it given the chance , these things are basically the same ) . 
  now , if you want to take the `` awful imperialist british '' line , you have to engage with what you believe the irish would have done and justify why you feel they would have behaved differently . 
  ( or , again also condemn the irish , these are also the same ) you absolutely can not condemn the behaviour of an entire country without being internally consistent . 
  in the moral sense you usually value intent and will rather than end results of actions . 
  hence purely accidentally murdering someone is n't immoral , yet attempting to and failing is immoral . 
  i mean ... no ... those are n't arguments in the philosophical sense , not even technically . 
  people say it enough in general that it 's definitely a meme . 
  it went from a horrific accusation to pin on someone to something that gets tacked on in internet arguments , definitely a meme at this point . 
  so you feel that irish really were in some way culturally superior to the british at that point , and they would n't have done the same presumably as they were more moral ? 
  i mean , it 's definitely an argument . 
  you might disagree , you might even have the capacity to break it down and show why it 's wrong , but it definitely fits the criteria of being an argument . 
  and your debunking of my argument is so thin that it does n't seem to be there at all . 
  oh wait , you just have n't bothered . 
  [ `` you 're a fascist '' ] ( https://niceme.me/ ) i 'm well aware of that , i have n't pretended once that britain has n't done something that it did do . 
  all i 'm saying is ireland is n't any more moral for not committing genocide , as the only reason it did n't was the fact that it did n't have the capacity to , and that makes them just as guilty .
