turns out just as in the financial crash , `` experts '' are n't as infallible as people though . 
  round them up , give them all heavy fines , and jail time if it 's a repeat offence . 
  if that 's not possible then push through legislation immediately to make it possible . 
  make an example of them and show that this is not going to be tolerated . 
  yes , you can . 
  also every country has a risk of dying , the point at which you say it 's unacceptable is totally arbitrary and meaningless . 
  i could deny them access to the uk based on the risk of them being killed by racist nationalists . 
  actually in the past fostering more moderate forms of religion via banning some extreme practices has helped with progress . 
  maybe to you . 
  and hence this is n't relevant to them , it 's about weeding out the hard , fundamental islam . 
  positive examples wont work with this , it 's very important to their culture , it wont happen without taking a hard stance on the aspects that we wont tolerate . 
  the goal is n't to make people like us , the goal is to shut down fundamentalist islam in the west . 
  it will be us vs them for a while , until we can eliminate the `` them '' as fundamental islam . 
  the same thing happens with interventions in foreign countries , yes when we bomb isis some innocents will die , and it will create more isis people in the short run , but it 's still the only thing we can do to defeat them in the long run . 
  i do n't think that this is really the case , but i still think they should be banned . 
  the best way to have good immigration and a good relationship with islam in the west is to help foster and grow a westernised and more moderate version of islam , which is more compatible with western values . 
  part of this would be making women feel like they are not obliged to cover up and that part of islam should not apply in modern times , like the many parts of christian scripture that no longer apply to us in the modern age . 
  usually when someone is persistently does better than everyone else you 'd think they were racially superior , not inferior . 
  seems like you 've got your wires crossed . 
  you 're saying that in a low-diversity enviroment , diversity has an inherent value , so if you 're desperately in need of diversity then logically to obtain this when it is very scarce ( which it is in a lot of industries ) you would offer a higher salary to those who can provide it . 
  this would lead to some pretty insane scenarios , in ridiculously low female occupations say erh , sewer working , would you suddenly offer vastly higher salaries to women who apply ? 
  how do you think that would affect workplace relations when all the guys know that this one woman is being paid far higher than them for the same work , simply because of her gender ? 
  `` you make better decisions when you have a more diverse working place '' she said without citing a source . 
  does n't look so bad , compared to the current climate of the eu . 
  the eu either needs to be rebuilt from the ground up or abandoned to be superior to being a lone country . 
  come with us , it 's really not all that bad outside . 
  wtf what massive racists , why do n't you want more immigrants ? 
  surely anyone with nuclear weapons should be prepared to do so ? 
  otherwise what 's the point of having them ? 
  excuse me ? 
  i thought this sub was saying the uk would be in ruins by now , battered and bruised by the world outside the warm and friendly eu . 
  could it possibly be that people on this sub were wrong ? 
  not that it matters , they 'll never admit it . 
  it 's not just the french government , it 's all people across all european countries , the mass importing of `` refugees '' by merkel , and the encouraging of it by many other eu countries . 
  you just need to look at many of the european attitudes towards things like the burka ban , particularly sweden , who say it 's oppressive and terrible . 
  they refuse to take such measures and condemn them which stands in the way of us solving islamic extremism in europe . 
  i 'm not saying is is a problem , it is but that 's not the point . 
  islam as a whole is a problem , not every muslim sure , but enough . 
  many either explicitly or implicitly support isis if you look at polls , do not condemn things like the terror attacks on charlie hebdo , and do not conform to western values . 
  is this going to be the attack where we can finally talk about islam being a problem without everyone screaming racist ? 
  those who intentionally block our path to a solution in the name of political correctness are in part to blame to every attack we fail to stop . 
  it 's our choice to do whatever we want , including hurt ourselves . 
  again , the germans have no right to demand anything . 
  a european affair that is ours to control , you do n't get a say on the timeframe . 
  the germans are n't in a position to demand anything quite frankly , britain will do as it wishes in it 's own time , it is not their place to demand anything about british affairs . 
  sounds like your the spoilt child here , upset because not everyone wants to be in your 4th reich . 
  not just 4chan , / pol / . 
  the guy said he was n't allowed to mention the board . 
  i did n't know that either , what a bizarre rule to even ban mention of it ... 
  yes , but relatively these places are fewer in number compared to if you were say eastern european , so we emigrate less . 
  yeah , and people do move to those areas that are more prosperous . 
  but there are n't that many of them compared to if you lived in eastern europe , where most places are better alternatives . 
  hence we emigrate less . 
  bullshit , we do n't move because the eu is rife with unemployment already and is poorer on average than the uk is . 
  why would we want to downgrade by moving away ? 
  yeah actually , the us government is pretty fucked mate , try to avoid being like them . 
  please explain your definition of `` force '' , really , it seems to be very different to the actual meaning of the word . 
  yeah , really fitting the german stereotype there mate , who cares about the autonomy of the smaller countries , they 'll should follow your orders , correct ? 
  `` throw in all her weight , beg , coerce and bully other countries into reform '' this is something you support ? 
  one is luxembourg , basically a non-country , one is norway , not in the eu and no euro , one is france who benefits for the same reason and also pushed hard for it , so really you 're talking about belgium and the netherlands here . 
  really i should have said france and germany originally , since they are both the major pushers and supporters of it . 
  regardless , france certainly did n't `` force '' germany to do anything . 
  yeah mate , i ca n't see any way in which an economic union would massively benefit germany , i mean it 's not like they were going to realise they were more efficient in production than the smaller eu nations , and set up a european currency that basically everyone is obligated to join which would stop countries from having the ability to manipulate the value of the currency in their country , so their businesses would not be able to compete with that of the germans , while also not being allowed to set tariffs due to the single market . 
  that would be ridiculous am i right ? 
  are we really going to play the silly game where we pretend that germany is n't the driving force and main decider of things in the eu ? 
  the whole thing is set up to primarily benefit them . 
  funny how you 're saying that the british are backwards when a major reason we left the eu was the eu supporting the importing of hundreds of thousands of backwards people from backwards countries . 
  i 'd rather be the current strand of british `` backward '' than the backwardness of the soon to be eu caliphate . 
  orrrrr ... we do n't want to progress towards an eu superstate ? 
  that 's a possibility too . 
  we 'll do better leading europe by example . 
  ancestral history is n't as important as culture . 
  i 'd take the anglosphere over the eu tbh mate , feel a lot more like them than i do `` european '' . 
  yeah man , christians are such terrible people , how dare she pray , the fucking nutjob . 
  `` i do n't want to pay huge sums of money to prop up systems that i do n't support '' is wrong now ? 
  clown ? 
  he 's got a lot more done than anyone else in the ep . 
  there will be far far far fewer , that 's why . 
  `` thing happen more illegally when you make them illegal '' solid observation . 
  that 's not an argument against making things illegal though , otherwise we 'd legalise murder . 
  the future of the world is not a small group of superstates doing business amongst one another , you can believe that if you want but it 's pure delusion . 
  it wont even happen successfully in the eu , which would be the most likely contender , let alone the rest of the world which is far more chaotic than europe . 
  i campaigned , knowing i could n't have a single word in the actual exit , am i too a horrible person , along with almost everyone else who campaigned . 
  the terms of the leave can only come with negotiation on what 's possible and what the people want , not just what farage wants . 
  there are many reasons for wanting to leave the eu and they need to be explored and it should be figured out what is most important to people and what exactly they want , not just `` let 's all do what farage wants '' . 
  i 'm sorry , in what way does not wanting to be a part of the eu make you anti-international ? 
  the vast majority of brits still want free trade , still want movement to be possible ( just not unlimited , like the rest of the world ) . 
  on the other hand , it allows the uk to make it 's own trade agreements with the rest of the world , as well as laxing the immigration requirements for the rest of the non-eu world as the eu immigration requirements tighten , both very international things . 
  you can not simply equate the eu to be the ultimate path to internationalism and expect everyone to take it as fact . 
  do n't tell me , you also think people who avoid tax should be thrown in the stocks ? 
  what hard work could he do ? 
  in that case he 'll come straight back , i assure you . 
  the man wants nothing more in his life than an independent britain . 
  yeah , and it means you 're a cunt of an institution who most member states wont want anything to do with . 
  hamstrining people who leave you is a good way to make everyone on the world stage hate you . 
  maybe the eu should actually monitor and have a system where you ca n't get money if you do n't show up ? 
  do n't blame the man for taking free money that 's put in front of him . 
  there were a lot of issues in the debate , presumably you 'd value the other things the eu does more highly . 
  it 's pretty much guaranteed that the job will be done , if it was not , he will not have had the power to change it . 
  he 's done this for 20 years and he 's finally got what he wanted , give the guy a break .
