  there is n't jam on toast here yet . 
  i ordered pina colada , cloud 3 , cloud 5 , cloud heisenberg , strawberry milk , cherry menthol , red a , choc-a-nana . 
  i already vaped 2 mls of strawberry ... it 's perfectly fine !, 
  yeah ... the packaging is really cheap and simple . 
  that 's not cheaper but anyway xd . 
  you are from england so you probably know for which brand i am talking about . 
  i just dont want to advirtise them . 
  they opened an online store in greece and i bought 8 bottles . 
  i was n't expecting that good result even tho i ve heard people say that they sell pretty good juice . 
  hail the queen . 
  onepoundliquid.com ... i bought it from the greek eshop tho . 
  i stopped smoking with the aio . 
  cheap and extremely good !, 
  i used the tweezer and they seemed alright . 
  i dont have experience tho . 
  i watched some youtube videos . 
  should i make new ones ? 
  alright ... i will make new coils . 
  how can i wick wrong ? 
  can you tell me how to wick ? 
  thanks !, 
  do i have to remove the cotton to see that ? 
  because right now they dont get red at all ... i just get vapor . 
  edit : i will do it again . 
  ok i did it again from the beginning ... i was really careful for hotspots and i used more cotton . 
  i got burnt hit after the second vape . 
  i will stick with my serpent mini for now and i will come back later for more tries i guess ... : /, 
  yeah ... i am using organic japanese cotton . 
  i tried at 45 watt and i drenched the whole thing ( cotton , the middle of the deck , coils ) . 
  i just finished the 4th try right now . 
  it 's definitely way better !!!, 
  the flavor of course it 's not even close to my serpent mini but the clouds are bigggg . 
  i changed the build completely . 
  instead of 3.5 mm i wrapped at 2.5 mm . 
  i dont know if that made a difference . 
  i was really careful about hotstots too . 
  one thing i noticed is that the one coil was firing slightly faster than the other one . 
  i could n't fix it and i said `` fuck it '' . 
  it 's nice now . 
  i will try space coils the next time ... !!, 
  i am fine now . 
  the 4th try was the golden one !, 
  it works perfect !, 
  i think the first time i forgot to use the tweezer xd, 
  oh right ... ss316l, 
  contact, 
  yes, 
  26 , 316l , 9-10 wraps ( cant remember ) at 2,5 mm , contact . 
  everything is pretty normal at wattage mode . 
  in terms of flavor i mean . 
  the stock !, 
  i put my serpent mini with contact tc coil and it vapes just fine . 
  maybe the tsunami has a problem ... ? 
  ok thx ... i will try when i ll empty the serpent mini . 
  i figured out that when i set the temperature at 390 it vapes but when i set it at 400 it doesnt . 
  with the serpent everything is fine tho . 
  yes , 
  i do n't thing you will have the same problem . 
  it started today but yesterday it was gucci . 
  you can buy an adaptor for the pico like [ this ] ( https://www.fasttech.com/product/1923808-kepler-510-finned-heat-sink-for-atomizers ) one so the battery cap wo n't block the tank . 
  esthetically it will suck tho . 
  i dont know much about mech mods so i will let someone else answer but you can always buy clones from fasttech . 
  make sure to check the reviews so you can use a reliable one . 
  i ld avoid them tho ... if you are new it is a bid dangerous . 
  there are very good youtube channels like : new amsterdam vape , grimmgreen , vapingwithtwisted420 , riptrippers , suckmymod , art of vaping , twistedmesses . 
  these are the popular ones . 
  you can always search for more . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psfr_pwbpz0 \u0395\u03b9\u03c7\u03b1 \u03c0\u03b5\u03b8\u03b1\u03bd\u03b5\u03b9 . 
  i think you have a misconseption , like most vapers , that more watts equals to more pleasure and vapor . 
  that 's not actually true . 
  you can get exactly the same pleasure that you get at 100 wats with a serpent mini at 30 wats . 
  the wats must be relative to the size and the structure of the atomizer , not a constant . 
   yet i see way to many people with iphones , hanging out at starbucks and studying in private schools . 
  in greece there is 25 % unemployment and 50 % of the population lives under the poverty line . 
  there will always be a percentage at any country that is rich enough to send the kids at private schools and buy an iphone . 
  that does n't mean that the rest can do the same . 
  this is common logic . 
  you are getting downvoting because you are an idiot . 
   but im not saying we are rich you fcking retard . 
   you keep saying that people in ** greece ** cant afford to live . 
  yet i see way to many people with iphones , hanging out at starbucks and studying in private schools . 
  well , that is what it looks like . 
   but where i live everyone lives like a fcking king while we are supposed to be living under poverty . 
  where do you live ? 
   i can merely suggest that the government takes a look at that rich part of greece cause the math simply does n't add up here . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  rich people pay taxes ( some of them are taxdodging but that happens everywhere ) . 
  you cant make rich people pay 99 % of their income if that is what you are asking for anyway because it 's against the law . 
  i think you are very young and confused or simply idiot . 
  yeah ... i noticed today that i get burnt hits too for the first time . 
  i vape at 30watts on it . 
  i have a ss316l , 2,5 mm build at 0,53 ohm . 
  when i get home i will make a new coil and i will post again . 
  it 's the first that is happening to me tho . 
  how do you wick your coil ? 
  [ thats mine . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/unvvowu.jpg ) and now that i am watching it , i can tell what the problem is xd . 
  yeah ... 40watts are too much for a single coil . 
  i actually get burnt taste when i inhale for a long period of time ( like 4-5 secs ) . 
   the bottom line is , as cheaply as a charger can be had , you really should go ahead and get one .
