  say something negative or mildly leading towards being negative and you 're suddenly full blown racist . 
  the generalization you do is the definition of racism.in greece probably we have more migrants than your country.i ve seen the best and the worst like it happens with every ** human ** . 
  i dont get it ... dont u guys understand that saying `` all greeks are lazy '' , `` all germans are nazi '' , `` all italians are in mafia '' etc is racist and it makes no sense at all ?? no ? 
  ? think again.then i am wondering why golden dawn has so high percentages ... i am starting to believe that in central/northern europe they would have even more . 
  add golden boys plz : madara , keyser , skylark , maybe next time , s224j, 
  what you mean clicks/sec ? 
  how is this a thing ?? 
  ? i mean its better to spam clicks to go from my base to tier 1 tower if i dont have tp instead of simply press 1 ? 
  holy shit.find this guy that posted this bullshit yesterday and beat the shit out of him . 
  noone said that dendi is the best lol.i dont support any team or i am not fanboy of any player but if you ask me which player represents dota in my mind i will say dendi for sure . 
  ofc you should learn your son to play dota ... just you must teach him that he must do it in moderation.otherwise its harmful . 
  take my upvote sir . 
  she doesnt losing her shit again ... she is baiting kidos like you to pay her bills and you are so damn idiot that think its funny . 
  yesterday he had 13k +, 
  old time classic :p, 
  rtz has not higher mmr than miracle but i agree about hero spamming . 
  a man can dream . 
  if you feel that the game destroys you ofc you should leave it.come back when you will feel good with yourself and control your addiction.i am not good in dota ( 3k scrub ) but i ll play 1-2 games/day when i have free time ( after the university and after i see my friends ) . this happens with everything ... you must not pass the limits.if you drink too much water you will get poisoned , 
  gl with your life m8 ... 
  no shit ... , 
  [ the nightmare ] ( https://encrypted-tbn2.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcs2bc5f6e_3hgir66hlaffgakkosx0bwxeg_8hsocf6az9ybanw ), 
  yeah german friend ... even if the greek dota community is small we are hardcores :p, 
  what ?? 
  ? tell me more !!, 
  you seem to be a retarded kid ... no offense . 
  well ... i know what you mean.there is no diagnostic to determined addiction but if you are ... you just know i guess.for example i always give priority to my gf even if i am in mood to play more dota . 
  do you smoke?i do ... if i dont smoke a cigar every 30 min-1 hour i will get crazy.guess what ... i dont smoke in front of my gf because she doesnt like it and i respect her ( even if we stay together for 3 days ) . you must find something that actually destroys your addictions ... for me is my gf ... find yours.gym , basketball , football ... whatever . 
  well ... i mean i wouldnt act like that ... its a game after all.you must be retarded to do all these shits even if its not actually scam.who cares all if my tb has an orange arcana or not.in the end it is just a game and you need to act like you do in real life ... manners my friend ... manners . 
  i cheer for 4cl because i am not sure if abraxas or golden boys or newteam123123 would get invited . 
  yeah ... it happend to me before 3-4 months.i dont remember if i took back the mmr tho . 
  i just leave dota open for days and i will play 1game/day ... 
   i doubt it, 
  yeah ... say that to my qop 's wings, 
  i bought the invo immo , the meepo immo and the ta immo by selling my razor 's one + storm 's announcer.you must be patient ... ofc there are bots but the fact that there are really many people with probably better connections than yours and closer to the server makes things even worse.i saw many times when i was pressing f5 prices like 0,25 cents but i never pressed them because i know that the bots will take them.i bought everything from 0,61 to 0,69 cents . 
  shots fired :d, 
  i ve played twice and what i ve noticed is that the high mmr players are searching to find people of their level and if they dont they just dont press the damn button.the result is that its not fun at all for me ( 3k scrub ) to play against a 6,5 k team ... you must do something to improve the equality . 
  niqua , ssaspartan , thug , milan +1 ( nikkobaby according to / u/freyarsa ) will play together . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.facebook.com/ssaspartan ), 
  they were playing on the same team . 
  ps.spartan said they wont play under myinsanity and they dont know the name yet . 
  are u mentally retarded?i feel sorry for you . 
  100 % agree ... mushi 's comment is directed to the majority of 13-18 years old redditors . 
  where are u from ?? 
  ? i am sure i can find many bullshits to say for your own country and generalize the shit of it.fucking idiots ... you think you are smart enough to judge a whole nation . 
  ps.i am not even pinoy ... i am a human being like they are too ... asshole . 
  you didnt get my point, 
   reddit speaks about entire groups, 
  this is racism ... it 's called generalization . 
  i edited the post and i was sarcastic ofc, 
  its so difficult to understand it ?? 
  ? i meant that its easy to say bullshits for everyone nowadays and that whoever does it or generalizes everything is not smart . 
  lol ... this is not what he means . 
   majority, 
  the funny part is that if he had died 1,5 second later , the aegis would have expired and he wouldnt rampage :d, 
  edit : the editor didnt add this part ... anyway :p, 
  i dont support any team or any player ... but i like golden boys ( ex-lc ) and i support e-sports in general even if i cant watch so much . 
  [ \u0399\u03c3\u03c9\u03c2 ... ] ( http://img.memecdn.com/maybe-i-did-maybe-didnt_o_94123.webp ), 
  most of these custom games are now in dota 2 reborn ... i play pudge wars right now and overthrow :d, 
  captain no !, 
  golden boys id : 2512130, 
  i started at 700 mmr and now i am 3k ... ama !!!, 
  depends ... if you see that all your teamm8s pick carries you must take a support ( usually an active one like lion , ww , ogre , wd etc. 
  ) . supports that can kill ... dont pick dazzle or treant . . it wont help you . 
  if the other team has a jungler ( if not dont do it ) pick carry and beg for a support that dont steal your cs.farm until 20-25 hoping that your team will not feed that much that your enemies will hit the ancient . 
  otherwise you just take mid.i didnt find difficult because i understood the game really fast.i watched 10-15 pro games and then i was able to carry my team to victory.when i was on losing streak i used to pick sf.these guys really dont know to play against him and i was just owning them . 
  the major difference between 700 mr and 3k mmr is the skill/item builds , knowledge of the enemy heroes and ofc farming.back then i couldnt pass 100 cs/game and now i have an average of 60 cs / 10 mins.i can do more but i am working on it . 
  group b is much stronger than group a. 
  i see the teams ... what u mean based on what ... ?? 
  biblethump !!!, 
  ! wtfffffffff, 
  i literally opened the stream on the last 2 minutes ... thx god i didnt miss it . 
  history of doter !, 
  shit ... :(, 
  he is a trash ... lesh 's , lina 's , storm 's breakfast . 
  zai is right and wrong.i mean in internet we all steal or use someone else 's content.you just take sides because these guys are part of this community.dont foul yourselves ... you do the same , zai does the same and you do it so often that you forgot that 's illegal . 
  stealing internet content is like pot ... i do it but i dont want my gf/son/brother / father etc to do it because its illegal ( in my country at least ) . 
   we are big enough emotional assholes who can be easily manipulated in to doing so . 
  noone is manipulated ... but i see some hypocrites complaining about stolen content when the biggest part of their time on internet contains free movies , free porn , free music , free torrents etc. . . 
  we are not 10 years old.you do it , i do it , we are both illegals and the idiots that are complaining are just idiots . 
  at my last 15 matches i have only 3 wins ... whats happening ... ?? 
  time to go buy ciggars , food and alchohol ... the night will be long . 
  for me its fine right now ... i had the same issue before 2-3 weeks but i logged again before a couple of days due to play bug in s1 and i didnt notice any difference . 
   good times . 
  `` cyka noob '' , `` fuck you feeder '' etc. . . 
  omg ... that was a nice ui . 
  are u idiot ? 
  a big funeral in seattle ... buy ticket . 
  the best greek series of all time is [ `` to nisi '' ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1708523/ ) which is based on the novel `` the island '' . 
  a whore . 
  you are 15 ... or 12 . 
  happen to me too ... tiny stole the ancients and we lost :(, 
  i think that alfa is the last well-known greek beer that has a greek owner.i am not sure but i didnt found anything on the internet about a new deal.karlsberg bought mythos and fix for sure but i dont know about alfa . 
  keep in mind that even if the owner changes the taste is the same.it doesnt change something ... 
  ah yeah ... i think kerkiraiki is `` fresh '' ( i dont know the term in english ) so you can not find em easy.only in kerkira and igoumenitsa i guess . 
   also , with the current calculation system a player cant be at max at all the subjects , why is that ? 
  because there is always someone that is better than you . 
  yeah imagine a 7k player that spent 3 years to climb there ... he will probably stop playing because you are dumb and think that you deserve more than what you are . 
  if he doesnt adabt to the meta he drops ... thats how dota works.omg ... 
  tbd games dont count that much ... 
  yes ... even if you do 10-0 and have 40/0/40 ur hidden mmr ( from normal games ) counts more.moreover the mmr system has much more parameters than kills and wins.your cs , your gpm , your xpm , bought wards ( on supports ) , dpm on a hero is comparable to the performance of all the other players on this particular hero.imagine that there is a gem that counts how many successful 3ple razes you have on sf.all these matters ...
