  lesh is love , lesh is dead . 
  i miss how he was boosting my winrate when i was on losing streak . 
  icefrog `` changes '' stuff since 2005 when dota became popular ... he changed a lot of things and under an awful editing tool.thats why he is praised.if icefrog didnt exist dota wouldnt exist nowadays too . 
  [ watch this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ju2is0bzhdu ) the creator involved some things about what icefrog did . 
  i leave dota open for days and even if i dont play a single game ... thats why . 
  its pretty nice until now ... w8 1-2 months and u will start crying again for another hero ( lc maybe , ogre , wr etc ), 
  depends ... if you are cm and u are the only one who buys ward and you play against an agha lina 0-16 is excused and you must also comment her for baiting/wasting lina 's ulti the whole game . 
  well recently i calibrated at 4k with my smurf ( main 2,5 k ) playing mid/offlane/carry . my support is pretty good at early game but after that i overbuy wards but in this bracket 2,5k-4k the thing is that the enemy support will overbuy too so you need to deward.its like an addiction.if i see ward i will buy it immidiately . 
  however , i didnt say that 0-16 support is good ... lol.i just said that sometimes is justified.i mean today i had a game with one veno that ended with 0-22 but if u look his dmg it was near mine ( ta mid ) + he was buying wards.his impact was huge even if we flamed him for feeding . 
  i like ck in this patch too . 
  there is no balanced patch ... there is more balanced and less balanced . 
  can confirm ... i was playing a game as ta and beast wanted his items and the courrier was coming straight mid at the enemy tower.last hitting and in the same time trying to push back the courrier was an awful experience.at the beginning i thought that one of my teamm8s wanted to just fuck up our game . 
  if there are 4-man parties into ranked that means that the 5th must be from solo-queue ... it will suck for him . 
  its so difficult for you guys to understand some basic things like `` for the bugs to be fixed someone needs to play the game '' ? so your opinion is that we should stick with the old client for 10 more years.good job boys ... 
  i bet ta 's will increase too ... 
  very high skill bracket is the worst.one game u end up like 20/0/20 and u feel like the god of dota and the other game u end up with 0/17/4 ( happend to me yesterday ) . i havent seen a normal game as long as play in this bracket.either u feed or u get fed . 
  i have like 40 games on very high skill with my smurf and thats my experience . 
  11 million-12 million people per month is not dead game ... rofl !!, 
  when i joined dota it had like 2million people/month ... what are u talking about ? 
  in my 2,5 k account all the time ... in my smurf ( very high bracket ) it doesnt happen ... they gank mid for me and i love them < 3, 
  u cant deny everything in the same time when his spray reach level 2/3 ... 
  i did ... but when he reached level 3 ( spray level 2 ) i couldnt get close . 
  actually , i dont think he quitted but just his job was over.if you read his blog you will understand that his job was over when the keys were introduced.moreover , he became greek minister of economics 1,5 year after valve . 
  he used to teach at mine until last january ... he will probably come back tho :p, 
   no one will buy the t compendium because they are tired of them, 
  hrrr durrr ... speak for your self ... i wont buy it due to lack of money atm but i am sure there are people that will . 
   valve fuck you . 
  you are currently being greedy as fuck with the `` no trade '', 
  stop complaining for fucks sake ... dont buy it if you dont like it . 
   also dota is dying largely thanks to your `` reborn '' client.also dota is dying largely thanks to your `` reborn '' client . 
  how can people be so retarded and can not understand that in order for something to work/get fixed there must a huge amount of players that test it ?? 
  moreover , in 1 year you ` ld start complaining about how outdated is the s1 . 
  these generalizations are creating because in russia and peru the amount of players is huge.you will meet all kind of people but you just remember the ones that ruined your game.do you know how many russians did you have on your team but u didnt notice because they speak english etc. . . ? 
  stop this thing.not all peruvians are idiots , not all russians are idiots etc.there are germans , italians , greeks , americans etc with the same and worst attitude but you dont say anything about them because the amount of players is not that big . 
  if it matters i am not even from russia or peru . 
  i guess this works like airports ... just show your ticket by ur phone . 
  i started to play with mouse pad before one year.if you are used to its pretty normal.it really depends on the material of your desk if your movements will be accurate . 
  poor muricans ... you have student loans ... biblethump, 
  i have a potato pc and i dont have any problems ... i feel good . 
  unfortunately its too late for dendi ... he should leave navi after ti3.it is only my opinion tho . 
  when i was at 2,5 k mmr ( now 4k by smurfing ) i was using a strategy.i was being friendly at the beginning of the game and making fun with my teamm8s.if you do well in lane after that they are ready to listen to you.just use ur microphone . 
  obviously , it doesnt work when 1-2 of your teamm8s answer `` fuck you '' when you say `` hi folks '' . 
  #esl fuck you, 
   i want to support the community and the players not a fucking $ 3 billion fucking money grabbing company . 
  money grabbing ?? 
  ? are u retarded ?? 
  ? do they aim you with a gun to buy they products ?? 
  you need the same games as before tho . 
  source : my smurf . 
  your exp trophy must be level 50 ... its the same games as before . 
  ~ 120 games . 
  another thing is levels in s1 and another exp trophy in s2.as i said you need the same games -  ~ 120 to play ranked.the analogy on levels is not the same.you need 2-3 games to level up exp trophy . 
  nop ... i have 104 games on my smurf and i am 45 exp trophy . 
  i dont play low prior and short games is in the game ... sometimes u play short , sometimes big.plz ... i know what i am saying ... 
  see you tomorrow !!, 
  dont take phase on ta ... gadsgwaegwagawgawgawgadsfasfdxvxvcwgagwa, 
  i am getting so frustrated when my teamm8s take phase on ta and ember ... 
  grandgrant 10/5/2015, 
  actually gb is a good team ... they won navi at the ti5 european qualifiers too.that second draft tho ... weaver vs doom and disruptor ?? 
  its bo1 ... i dont know really ... 
  who is zuus ? 
  but not after the deadline ... 
  dont go to paros ... i went there with my friends at the age of 16 and i realized that we were close to the average age ( ~ 18 ) . 
  just spend your vacations on greece ... dont come here.we all want to leave.its not an adventure , its a completely silly decision to make . 
  this is not economics m8 ... these assumptions and these theories are not economics.the only way you can explain things like these is to have all the variables.things are really more complicated and you can not just compare csgo 's market with dota 's . 
  from a colleague . 
   the houses are built much closer than in the us, 
   please dont do it ~ ~ big ~ ~ . 
  ftfy, 
  well i should elaborate more ... valve 's economy is based on forecasts and researches ( data ) . theories and assumptions of this post have nothing to do with economics and are based on some widespread opinions of this subreddit.opinions that are coming out of minds without knowledge of what they are talking about . 
  there are plenty of variables that must be taken into account to make a conclusion and we do not have any details.moreover , the comparison between csgo 's market and dota 's is just wrong and i think we all understand it . 
  chen , kotl with tb , stats/health items , pl , naga , manta , dazzle , warlock , mek , oracle , wd . 
  boom ... your doom is useless . 
  are u trolling ?? 
  ? ofc he can eat ur creeps ( 1 at the time ) but chen can teleport anyone that is affected by doom back to base.i am not saying that he is the best counterpick but damn ... he is strong . 
  thats his job ... but at least the hero doesnt die . 
  dude ... then you buy linkens and pray.thats doom 's job.to get heroes out of the fight.i dont think he is that strong as people say.i still prefer darkseer as offlaner . 
  no problem at all ... it feels good . 
   hopefully graduated from college . 
  i feel you m8 . 
  well , even if some things in my life are really fucked up at the moment ( especially my finance ) i dont know if i am depressed.these days i play a lot to `` escape '' from my problems but `` a lot '' isnt that much.i just play more than i used to.i got uni , friends and a gf after all . 
  you guys are idiots ... this guy didnt say that these money are clean.he said that there are dozens of ways for money-laundering that dont make such `` noise '' . there is a country called cyprus after all ( for those who know ) ... 
  he is playing on `` normal bracket '' ... there is no way he can be 3,6 k, 
   being financially responsible means saving as much time/money as possible, 
  this is completely wrong . 
  hello john ,, 
  wow you are fucking retarded * again *, 
  the new balance patch will come ** after ** major, 
  as a greek i have to say that you raped our god.holy shit ... this is terrible.he is king of the gods and you transformed him to king of the mma . 
  and waga proved them right.seriously ... its not about the mmr.i mean if you take a random team ( golden boys for example ) they are all 6,5k-7 ,5 k but obviously they are not best team than liquid etc. . . 
  pro games are more than just mmr ... 
  once waga had the biggest mmr in eu but he couldnt stand in pro games . 
  you will be fine but because i want to see the doubt in your eyes ... watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee5xed8apao ), 
  i have a potato pc and the reborn client runs faster . 
  all hail potatoes . 
  how many languages do you know ?? 
  and here i am wondering why i forgot to speak/understand french after 2 degrees and 5 years of training.well done hefla . 
  usually i am wondering how these pros are not get tired and sick of this game.i cant play too much even if i am sitting all day ... after every game its difficult to play again.it must be hard for them to play constantly but i guess its their job after all ... 
  oh my god ... i am 99.5 % sure that my gf doesnt love me anymore and just enjoys the sex with me.what can i do ?? 
  your last hit average sucks ... 20lh/10min is really bad.you have to improve your farming ability .
