  let 's be proud that our small , irrelevant continent managed such an amazing feat even as we head back into being a backwater . 
  so you do n't think that all being united under a far superior power which maintains a presence in many of our countries and for the longest time kept us all focused on a common threat to the east did anything to quell internal dissent ? 
  for example , you can be pretty damn sure that the french decision to peacefully return the saarland to germany was heavily influenced by a us desire to have a strong west-germany to oppose the east and to stop this franco-german bickering from starting up again . 
  why is the only choice between world war and today ? 
  how about germany in 1900 , when it was incredibly powerful but also at peace , and was n't the bitch of the us or attempting to play asylum for the entire world ? 
  you 're just setting up a false dichotomy and getting upvoted for it . 
  because that was the whole point . 
  everything hitler did was building up to that moment . 
  it was all to get the german people the lebensraum they needed to expand and become a continental-sized power . 
  i really hate this question because it means you completely missed the point and did not understand anything about national socialism and what hitler truly wanted . 
  they should n't have taken alsace lorraine . 
  bismarck opposed it , knowing it would make any possibility of reconciliation with france impossible . 
  germany hardly needed the place ... 
  i like the eu , but i 'd sooner credit nato with ending most european wars . 
  it 's hard to have wars when we 're all allied to each other under the watchful eye of papa america . 
  i like how you can still tell the exact borders of pre-ww2 germany . 
  that 's what barbed wire and machine guns are for . 
  on the bright side , all possible competitors to us hegemony are now starving to death in the snow . 
  not sure that 's an improvement . 
  i 'm not from holland myself and i would n't refer to this nation as holland in daily conversation , but there are still a lot of situation where even provincial types would use the word , like sports chants or songs or whatever . 
  and then bitch about how the west of the country fucks them over afterwards . 
  sure . 
  for example , there 's a television program called `` ik houd van holland '' ( i love holland ) and they sure do n't mean the provinces . 
  then there 's also sports chants like `` hup holland hup ! '', 
  which are also used by all kinds of people . 
  all kinds of crap like that . 
  people like to make a big deal about it , but i think it 's pretty laughable considering the way we use the term ourselves . 
  i played tons of english video games from a very young age and just learned the language by playing . 
  i was basically fluent by the time english classes started in primary school . 
  then after primary school i had a bunch of other english classes in high school , and then i did a cambridge course . 
  now i 'm in university and everything is in english . 
  i do n't have to make any conscious effort to translate english , and speaking and writing it comes as naturally to me as dutch . 
  despite all this , my accent still makes me want to kill myself . 
  so even those who have spend a lot of time with the language can still suck ass at actually speaking it . 
  there 's few things i hate more than talking to an englishman and realizing just how pathetic my attempts to speak the language really are in comparison to a native speaker . . 
  we even call ourselves holland so i do n't know if it 's really worth complaining about it to foreigners . 
  everyone gets drunk and forgets where they 're from or why they should dislike each other . 
  friendship through vodka . 
  i like germany quite a lot . 
  disregarding the flemish rebels , they 're our closest cultural kin on this continent . 
  i always feel at home when i spend time there , they have a fascinating history , and the country is beautiful . 
  so yeah , zero negative feelings towards the country . 
  of course their leaders do shit i do n't agree with sometimes , but that should n't reflect on the country as a whole . 
  of course they wo n't . 
  if utterly silly states like moldova can exist , i 'm sure fyrom will continue right along its merry way as well . 
  hell , even states like italy are tearing itself apart with silly regionalist nonsense . 
  i 'd say there 's a much stronger trend towards states splintering than uniting . 
  i like creating greater bulgaria in paradox games as much as any guy , but that ship really has sailed . 
  hey , they were part of serbia . 
  i agree macedonia looks more aesthetically pleasant as part of bulgaria , but that does n't change the historical reality that it was serbia which annexed the place in the end and kept it for several decades , making them ex-serbians . 
  the fyromians . 
  so ex-russians and ex-serbians . 
  wilders is just about as unimpressive and pathetic as kylo ren , so that 's convenient . 
  is he ? 
  we do n't call him pyrrhos is the great or anything , and his only legacy in today 's culture is that we named a victory which was so costly it was effectively a defeat after him . 
  that does n't seem to indicate he 's held in particularly high regard . 
  if only pyrrhos had won . 
  oh right , that word exists . 
  was just as confused as our swedish friend here . 
  not to mention that we should not make the us the other . 
  they 're our closest cultural kin on the planet , why should the west turn against one another ? 
  the usa wo n't be the sole world power for much longer , turning against them out of some kneejerk hate for the guy in charge will serve us poorly in the long run by alienating the power we share the most with . 
  if we need to have an `` other '' to contrast ourselves against , i nominate either the islamic world which has always been our historical enemy and still owes us north africa + anatolia + the levant and 1300 years interest , or china which is getting increasingly belligerent and dangerous . 
  and the worst part is that the backlash against this insanity from parties like the front national generally ends up being anti-european as well . 
  so one side is trying to turn `` european '' into an insult and turn our entire history into a source of guilt and debt , and the other side is trying to turn full isolationist and turn every european nation into a little fortress . 
  considering the west-east split has its root in the rome vs constantinople split of the roman empire and church , one could argue that all catholic nations are western . 
  i think russia is more likely to end up as a chinese satellite nation than an eu member . 
  none of them . 
  we are already overextended and it 's proving insanely difficult just to manage the nations we have . 
  i think we should focus on consolidating what we already have instead of just mindlessly expanding to get as much land as possible . 
  none of them have any reason to join . 
  europe is n't exactly their main priority , being thousands of kilometers away and all . 
  i really hope so . 
  moldova is the most unnatural state in europe , just an artifact of russian imperialism . 
  because europe is not a real continent and its borders are wherever you want them to be . 
  if spain had never been reconquered from the muslims , you can bet your ass that europe would have ended at the pyrenees according to many people . 
  it 's completely arbitrary and based on vague ideas of culture . 
  some might judge that just being among the first christian nations and a long-time part of orthodox culture is enough to qualify georgia as being at least as european as russia or ukraine . 
  why are they protesting ? 
  erdogan is n't accountable to germans and the idea of the german state seriously pissing off a powerful nation like turkey for the sake of random kurds is hilariously stupid . 
  the absolute best case scenario is germany saying something vaguely disapproving . 
  hardly seems worth the effort . 
  yeah , i 'm sure erdogan is going to cry himself to sleep over this . 
  culturally it does n't fit in at all , so it should n't be allowed in . 
  getting all of these fairly similar nations to work together is already a nightmare , adding a state which shares even less values and political interests with the rest of europe will make things even worse . 
  especially seeing how turkey would be one of the most powerful countries in the eu and have tremendous influence on policy . 
  let 's just consolidate what we have instead of overextending by allowing in everyone who asks . 
  better to have one state which can actually wield independent influence in the world as a great power , than thirty which serve as mere pawns in the power politics of the states which really matter . 
   that sounded so conceited and yet so absurd . 
  you 're telling me . 
  modern europeans are just a bunch of idiots who somehow believe that the west is some champion of peace and justice . 
  complete nonsense . 
  the great past accomplishment of europe , which is the foundation of our power and influence to this day , is the conquest of most of the world through blood and iron . 
  we do not have influence or wealth or a dominant culture because we are righteous , we have those things because we killed everyone who did not agree we should be in charge . 
  everything we have , we have because of colonialism and imperialism , yet now we sit here pretending those were such evil , horrid things while still profiting from the wealth and power they gave us . 
  it 's blatant and preposterous hypocrisy which annoys me . 
  of course , the real reason we 're so `` peaceful '' nowadays is that we simply do n't have the power to enforce our will militarily anymore . 
  we sit here all smug , thinking we are pacifists who believe in living together and tolerance and peace whilst ignoring that the only reason we ever decided on this course of action was because we are too weak to force the issue these days . 
  so we condemn our past deeds as heinous crimes , sit here lecturing the rest of the world on ethics from atop a throne of skulls , and pretend we are some exemplar of moral virtue to the rest of the world . 
  i guess that is more satisfying than acknowledging we lost everything in those stupid world wars and that preaching kumbaya is the only option available to us now that `` our way or the highway '' is out of reach .
