   but remember that before wwi there had n't been any fighting in europe for like 40 , 50 years either . 
  war must have felt like something of the past for those people too . 
  `` in europe '' is kind of an unfair limit though , seeing how european states were n't exactly confined to europe at the time . 
  when the usa wrecked spain and took their entire empire in 1898 , i doubt the spanish were like , `` oh well , there was no fighting in europe so this does n't count as a war . '', 
  and when the russians fought the japanese in 1904 , that was considered a major war which even led to a revolution in russia . 
  and there was fighting in the balkan , and european imperialism across the globe . 
  i think it 's pretty unlikely that war felt like something of the past . 
  yeah , because giving lands where armenians live to turks worked so well last time . 
  oh come on . 
  i doubt the writer was like , `` gee i hope those germans currently invading us do n't think i 'm referring to them when i say this , that would be racist . '', 
  and that 's fine . 
  it 's a song for the glory of france , not for hugs and kisses . 
  i quite like the fascist version , though i imagine it has negative connotations . 
  does anyone really think of it that way though ? 
  i doubt any americans think `` hahaha , yeah !, 
  we fucked up britain good !, 
  fuck the brits , those tea-drinking cunts ! '', 
  while singing it . 
  it 's about the struggle for independence , which brits are also unlikely to begrudge you these days . 
  dutch accents make me want to hang myself ... 
  austria too . 
  belgium can into gender fluid . 
  i hate this so much . 
  can you people please accept that the netherlands used to be part of the german realm ? 
  even if that concept is unacceptable to you , i should remind you that the song is written from the perspective of william of orange , who was a born a count of [ nassau ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/place/nassau,+germany/@48.7387602,3.3685127,5.75z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x47bdd61520db3a9d:0x422d4d510dada10?hl=en ) , which even you `` diets '' people should be able to comprehend is quite firmly german . 
  i seriously despise this revisionist history where we suddenly pretend there was a difference between dutch and german in the days of william of orange because we apparently can not accept the idea that our founding father would not have conceived of a dutch nation like we do . 
  i really do n't understand why it is so hard for people to accept that the dutch nation is not something which has existed since the dawn of time . 
  next we 'll start saying `` hispanje '' does not refer to spain because the thought of the netherlands not being independent is so hurtful to our delicate sensibilities ... 
  the concept of a nation did n't even exist , but the netherlands was a part of both the kingdom of germany and the holy roman empire so this is just arguing semantics over a concept that has no place in a discussion of this period . 
  it 's a shame , really . 
  greater bulgaria looks quite pretty on a map . 
  maybe this time bulgaria will finally restore san stefano . 
  now that europe has become one with russia , we 'll make sure to construct new ones to replace them . 
  united we are stronger !, 
  most troubling news , but i have faith that the american imperialists can not keep down the motherland . 
  this is a glorious day , comrades !, 
  let us thank our great leader putin for making this possible . 
  when all have become one with russia , there can be no more conflict . 
   title was changed from `` muslim tensions '' to `` religious tensions '' since the document on which this report is based ( pdf ) does n't explicitly mention `` muslim '' . 
  yeah , i 'm sure they were afraid of all those radical sikhs and lutherans . 
  hatred for islam is n't even racist . 
  islam is n't a race , it 's a religion . 
  arabs and persians and turks are all perfectly fine people , equal to other humans . 
  islam , on the other hand , is a terrible religion that causes us tons of problems , does not fit in our society at all and serves to spread sexism and hatred . 
  it 's only acceptable in an extremely moderate , castrated form which subjects itself to secular law and culture and retreats from all fields except a person 's personal worldview . 
  i mean , i consider myself to be a leftist . 
  i hate conservatism , i hate the massive wealth disparity of this world , i hate how the people with money control society , how important projects that do n't make money are just ignored or delayed , and so on . 
  i 'd love to see capitalism die . 
  that does n't mean i subscribe to this delusional idea that you have to tolerate the intolerant and destroy your own liberty to avoid offending people . 
  they are spend on the preservation of american power and influence . 
  you could go back into isolation , i guess , but i bet you 'd then be bitching about how the world is going to shit and foreign powers seem to decide everything . 
  what , so every person on earth agrees with trump in their hearts and you can only dislike him because you 've been fooled by the establishment ? 
  come now . 
  that way you guys get to fight all the wars while we get a giant buffer we do n't have to pay any attention to . 
  sounds like a pretty good deal for western europe . 
  russia is n't that powerful . 
  it certainly ca n't mess with western europe due to the presence of nukes , nor does it have any ambition to do so . 
  personally , i 'd happily leave nato and let you and the eastern europeans sort out your anti-russia pact . 
  the baltics actually need you not to get annexed . 
  the only danger germany faces from russia is losing its eastern european sphere of influence . 
  is it surprising that one is more eager to suck your cock than the other ? 
  fine by me . 
  why does anyone give a shit about tibet ? 
  it was a backwards feudal theocracy when china annexed it and generally of no consequence to anyone on this planet . 
  the only reason anyone cries about it is to annoy china . 
  yeah , but everyone hated the hungarian elite . 
  he could have just destroyed them with near-universal support and instituted his reforms . 
  it would take a tremendous pessimist to construct railways with the assumption in mind that his country would be relegated to the dustbin of history within the time period that this railway network would remain in use . 
  moldova is even more artificial than austria and belgium . 
  please get rid of it . 
  when has italy ever lived up to its potential ? 
  it 's been underperforming since its birth . 
  that ai n't happening . 
  the west is only going to relatively decline from here . 
  in the netherlands , sure . 
  but i do n't see why a foreigner with zero interest in football should know him . 
  are you serious ? 
  marxism is anti-religious and would have zero patience for islam 's bullshit . 
  it divides the world into believers and unbelievers and pits them against each other to prevent them from uniting against the ruling class . 
  it incorporates strict hierarchical structures where men are above women and the faithful are above the heretics who are above the unbelievers , which also serves to further turn the people against themselves and divide society . 
  it creates a false idea of suffering in life and rewards in heaven that blind the people to their actual material conditions of living and make them accept inequality and bad treatment for the promise of non-existent rewards . 
  multiculturalism in the liberal sense is anti-marxist too . 
  all differences are accentuated and emphasized , but claimed to be equal even when they plainly are n't and all of them are subject to the ruling class . 
  thus the working class is divided into as many categories as possible , many of which are inherently opposed to each other . 
  this , of course , serves the ruling class in playing divide and conquer . 
  furthermore , most of these flows of immigrants are merely a symptom of international flows of capital where workers are brought in to serve capitalist industry at extortionate terms so the native workers can be appeased and kept in line . 
  why would marxism condone international capitalism dragging workers all across the world to maximize exploitation ? 
  it 's a liberal pipe dream , not a marxist one . 
  obviously the gypsies are what 's keeping them out , even immigrants do n't want to deal with that shit . 
  about nigeria ? 
  fat chance . 
  maybe a bit more about the other arab countries , but i 'm sure they can dry their tears with their massive piles of money and not lose any sleep over it . 
  i never really understood how this still exists even though hungary just stood by and watched the nazis conquer poland in world war 2 , which would have resulted in the literal extinction of the polish people if the soviets and anglo-americans had not defeated them . 
  when poland needed a friend to defend them and stand with them against the greatest threat they had ever faced , hungary did nothing and then allied with their conquerors . 
  seems like a pretty shitty friendship if hungary was willing to throw all of poland to the wolves just so they could revise trianon . 
  and statistically they were right . 
  you have an entire province of hungarians though . 
  leaving aside whether this implication is even correct or not , what does it matter ? 
  if christ had said `` kill all the infidels ! '', 
  would that redeem islam ?
