we ca n't rely on usa indefinitely . 
  why not ? 
  we had a pretty good run , but it 's pretty obvious that europe is too divided to work together and none of the european countries have enough potential to be powerful individually . 
  so let 's just kneel to the us and be good little client states . 
  at least that way we continue serving the interests of the western culture we created . 
   as an outsider , i find it fascinating how the eu works with so many different cultures and mentailities . 
  very poorly ? 
  in some cases . 
  if you 're fat , you should either accept you 're unattractive due to factors you control yourself , or change it . 
  accepting fat people as beautiful just promotes an unhealthy lifestyle . 
  people who are ugly for unrelated reasons can tell themselves they look good if they like , i guess . 
  not gon na change anything . 
  if deluding yourself makes you happy you can go right ahead . 
  personally i dislike pretending mediocrity is a good thing , but that 's just me . 
  why ? 
  if you 're a fat fuck and you rate yourself that highly , you 're just a delusional idiot . 
  there 's nothing admirable about overestimating yourself . 
  that 's cuz england was ruled by french people for a quite a while which gave them the opportunity to import edible food . 
  top tier nationalist dickwaving , friend . 
  even if we take that as a fact , a 9.4 out of 10 is still absolutely insane . 
  that would mean that most romanian girls are in the top 10 % most attractive women . 
  even someone who ca n't be bothered to read a short article should be able to graps that such a statement is ludicrous . 
   you 're not making sense . 
  says the guy who has n't read the article . 
  it 's not even that long . 
   it found that english girls also had the second-lowest score for body confidence , with young women giving themselves an average of 7.3 out of ten compared to top scoring romania 's 9.4 . 
  so apparently romania 's girls are the most delusional in the world ? 
  what 's wrong with a 7 ? 
  that already seems higher than reasonable , considering it 's above average . 
  every person being a 9.4 out of 10 is ludicrous . 
  i fucking love you . 
  i was bracing myself for the old nationalist dickwaving about how diets is absolutely 100 % separate from duits and instead i find a comment already explaining the true nature of the lyrics . 
  not * that * surprising . 
  very closely related languages . 
  i do n't wan na live in swamp germany either , but sometimes you got ta make do . 
  not if bulgaria or serbia finally gets off its ass and delivers us from evil . 
  this macedonia nonsense triggers me . 
  i fully support the greeks in demanding a name change . 
  remember the pink map !, 
  italy has the best food in europe . 
  that 's the truth . 
   because either the results are from questions made by brazilians that 's the true sign of relevance right there . 
  a dialect is not a language . 
  because germany will soon go down the drain when demographic collapse kicks in while france will keep growing . 
  i love how even belorussians do n't know why their country is called belarus . 
  clearly they should rename themselves and stop stealing america 's name . 
  alright , i 'm getting increasingly disgusted with the currently prominent level of moral relativism . 
  what the hell is this nonsense ? 
  no , the land is named after its [ gypsy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ) inhabitants . 
  they 're all right . 
  people often confuse it with solvenia . 
  holy shit this pisses me off . 
  you preach heresy , friend . 
  i think jesus ' communism is overstated . 
  communists are deeply materialist and obsessed with their worldly conditions , and the possession of the means of production , and property and whatnot . 
  jesus cares little for material goods in any way at all and is concerned with matters of the soul and morality . 
  no socialist would ever say : `` my kingdom is not of this world '' or `` render to caesar the things that are caesar 's . '', 
  seems really dangerous and somewhat disrespectful towards what is supposed to be a holy place . 
  by that logic the ebionites were the true church because they stayed right in jerusalem . 
  homura did nothing wrong . 
  i 'm starting to feel like these maps are an excuse to insult italy . 
  definitive proof that what remains of russia could beat a country more than 10 times bigger than it whilst being in a horrid state . 
  yeah , how irrational to declare war on nazi co-belligerents . 
  russia , not russians . 
  yeah , that 's the point . 
  images are forbidden so islam would n't end up with the icons and christ worship of the church . 
  throwing such a hissy fit because of cartoons which would never lead a single person to worship in a million years is misguided and dumb . 
  i figure the ban on depictions of muhammad was probably intended to make sure he would n't be worshiped alongside god like jesus was . 
  making such a big deal out of cartoons just strikes me as retarded . 
  no , suck it . 
  russia can annex eastern europe for all i care . 
  they 'll have their hands full just restoring their former borders with the state they 're in . 
  i do . 
  gib constantinople back . 
  eh , even that is fairly recent stuff . 
  maybe in the future it 'll be regarded as mostly irrelevant . 
  i hate this phrase so much . 
  how can we judge how the future will see us ? 
  i imagine everyone who took political action believed they would be on the right side of history . 
  no , i would have said that if i meant that . 
  if they do n't want independence that 's their problem . 
  they can have fun . 
  they 're random islands on the other side of the world for which we have no use . 
  why keep them ? 
  it 's better for them , but for us it 's just random expenses and obligations which do not benefit us in any way at all . 
  maybe she 'll have an `` accident '' and princess alexia can take the throne . 
  i wish we 'd just ~ ~ kick the remainder to the curb ~ ~ finally grant independence to those poor islands . 
  yeah , but the crown princess definitely is n't so we 're just setting ourselves up for failure down the line . 
  both were german according to the definition of german at the time . 
  they just want a big and strong russia . 
  i doubt many particularly care if it 's a tsardom or a communist state or a theocracy or anything as long as that 's the case . 
  i do like that you guys keep naming people after emperor trajan . 
  i would hope that speaking your supposedly native language at the level of a complete idiot is n't too much to ask for . 
  because you 're dutch if you 're born to people who live here even if you 're an ethnic moroccan who only speaks arabic . 
  truly the polish are the the wisest of us , as `` i do n't know '' is definitely the appropriate response for the average person who has not studied this issue . 
  no , it 's their business . 
  you trying to involve yourself will just lend more credibility to the image of continentals as meddling know-it-alls . 
  when has that ever been a concern of humanity ? 
  the ottomans were hardly a major country by then though . 
  this was more about russia and the potential influence they could wield over the orthodox slavs there than the ottomans .
