  instead it just stands on the sideline and bitches a lot . 
  you 're kind of whiny , but whatever . 
  it 's not like i 'll die if you leave . 
  i do n't really mind any of you guys . 
  except macedonia . 
  it pisses me off to no end that these slavs are seriously pretending to be the country of alexander the great even though their people had n't even migrated into the goddamn balkan yet at that point . 
  cut it out and come up with some other national myth to justify your existence . 
  alternatively , petition bulgaria or serbia for annexation and improve the aesthetics of either country on a map . 
  tons of european languages have a lot of french loanwords . 
  you do n't dominate the continent for centuries without leaving a mark . 
  france was the leading military power and the center of european culture for centuries . 
  it 's only natural that the other nations would adopt some of their words in the same way that we currently adopt english words from our american overlords . 
   netherlands : you 're not that bad ... just do n't ever assume we 're similar because we speak the same language . 
  we have no need nor desire for your calvinist ethos and will defend our burgundian heritage of `` joy-de-vivre '' before succumbing the boring life of the other germanic peoples . 
  come now , we are insanely similar . 
  belgium and thailand , * that 's * dissimilarity . 
  you 're just a slightly more upbeat version of us with impractical ways of eating fries , and the differences markedly decrease the further south you go in nl . 
  no , it does n't solve the issue . 
  the amount of immigrants needed to maintain the same dependency ratio is insanely high , literally tens of millions . 
  this does n't solve anything and we 're still heading down the same road as japan . 
  what does this have to do with anything ? 
  the problem is that the ratio between the old and unproductive and the working population will get insanely skewed . 
  absolute numbers are completely irrelevant to the discussion . 
   that 's kinda cruel , do n't you think ? 
  who cares ? 
  there 's a problem and if that 's the way to solve it , so be it . 
  the world is n't fair . 
  yeah , but i 'm pretty sure they 're all lying too . 
  i wonder why . 
  it 's all fake , if that comforts you . 
  even the turks used to call it kostantiniyye , but then they suddenly decided to dishonor emperor constantine . 
  reconquest of constantinople when ? 
   2 000 000 + signatures : revoke new retirement age ( was 65/60 is 67 ) seems like your government was in the right then . 
  this is just short-sighted and selfish . 
  no one . 
  people care about power and the southern countries are all weak . 
  okay . 
  mexico and canada are basically subjects to the usa , their far more powerful and influential neighbor . 
  of course , they do n't need me to tell them this since it painfully obvious and has been sort-of formalized in the various treaties that tie them closely to the us . 
  why ? 
  i feel we have demonstrated in the last few years that europe is sorely lacking in solidarity . 
  i feel we 'll likely just do the minimum we can to ensure economic benefits and then continue on our merry way as a bickering collection of us satellites . 
  implying it 's in any danger of losing control . 
  no , it 's going to shit because this is temporary . 
  see what happens when this generation starts to retire and we simply do n't have the people replace them . 
  even aside from that , we 're losing relative power to an insane degree because of the development of china and such . 
  europe 's position is n't going to improve by any means . 
  usa is also basically a continent . 
  direct control over most of the useful parts of north america and informal dominion over the rest . 
  no , it just imports muslims to make up for the fact that all the nations are dying off . 
  and it wo n't be enough to stop the bleeding . 
  a nation like italy would need like 15 million immigrants before 2050 to maintain the same dependency ratio iirc . 
  our populations are fucked . 
  the usa has tremendous influence over europe ?!, 
  when did this happen ? 
  now it 's a place where i get to listen to wondrous statements like :  `` muslim countries like saudi arabia respect women in their own way and it 's not our place to criticize that . '', 
   `` history is not a tale of humans oppressing each other , but the tale of the white race oppressing everyone else . '', 
  truly the urge to kill myself grows ever stronger when i realize these are supposedly the intellectual elite of society . 
  that 's kind of the pot calling the kettle black . 
  if their cultures are vigorous enough to stay true to themselves while we just spread our ass cheeks , who are we to act all superior ? 
  eh , not much else to do . 
  when you rule over a population of muslims , converting to anything else is just undermining the long term stability of your empire . 
  personally , i wish muhammad had just choked to death on a fig and the roman empire would still rule the eastern mediterranean . 
  i 'm starting to feel like european values and culture are such a goddamn joke at this point it 's hardly worth worrying about . 
  such a shame . 
  russia always had the potential to be the greatest of all european nations but they just pissed it all away . 
  thanks to our benevolent overlords , we can continue to be cheapskates who ca n't agree on any common policy whatsoever . 
   i do n't think that europe lacks courage i think virtually all western european nations would erupt into protest and pacifism before they 'd lift a single finger to help eastern europe . 
  yeah , it could also be `` woods '' `` woud '' `` wald '' for english , dutch and german . 
  necessary if we hope to remain even slightly relevant in the future . 
  i 'd rather surrender some autonomy to my cultural brothers than become a second south america in terms of relevance . 
  so currently all our problems are with arabs , and france 's response is to antagonize our only true regional ally . 
  alright . 
   meanwhile leftist governments are totalitarian , stasi forces and censorship . 
  yes , that dictatorial hellhole norway . 
  this would never happen in a right wing state like falangist spain . 
  can we just accept that any system can be evil and that one end of the political spectrum is not necessarily worse than the other ? 
  `` an open mind is like a fortress with its gates unbarred and unguarded . '', 
  `` blessed is the mind too small for doubt . '', 
  not at all . 
  this country is a waste , it 'd be much more useful as a part of germany or even france if need be . 
  1810 best year of my life . 
  i am very patriotic towards western europe as a whole though . 
  i really want this european integration thing to succeed and bring us back into a position of power . 
  to see the nations which once conquered the entire planet just rot in place as an increasingly irrelevant corner of the world frustrates me . 
  it also frustrates me to see our culture degenerate to a point where we abhor our own accomplishments and do everything in our power to talk ourselves down and make ourselves the bad guys , depicting our empires as some evil sin we 'll need to atone for instead of the greatest conquests in history . 
  humans have always conquered and killed ; we just happened to be the best at it . 
  europe should look to its own interests and attempt to expand its own wealth and power , it should n't grovel in the dirt to appease its former subjects . 
  i would n't say lenin was particularly good for russia , but blaming everything on a guy who 's been dead for a century is pretty dodgy . 
  many people after him decided to continue on this path even when it was plainly leading them to ruin . 
  they deserve more scorn than lenin , who could impossibly have predicted just how poorly his ideas would work . 
  putting such strain on our union for the sake of irrelevant foreigners is ridiculous . 
  ah russia , that longtime friend and ally of the jewish people . 
  good . 
  the colonial period was western europe 's moment of greatness . 
  no other civilization has ever managed to conquer and subjugate as much of the world as we did back then . 
  i really hate how we are n't allowed to look at the most important moment in our nations ' existence with pride . 
  before colonialism , europe was an irrelevant shithole . 
  nowadays , we are quickly heading down that road again . 
  and those few brief centuries in between where we ruled ** the entire goddamn world ** are to be a source of shame instead of pride ?
