  the left has no coherent ideology anymore . 
  socialism had clear aims and ideals and could strongly condemn opponents as being wrong . 
  from a marxist perspective , the left would have ample cause to condemn islam as a primitive system of traditions designed to keep the working class divided through arbitrary rules and beliefs which separate them into `` believers '' and `` unbelievers '' , and which got them to accept oppression through false promises of rewards in the afterlife . 
  now that socialism has failed , the left has shifted into this bizarre `` everyone is special ! '', 
  elementary school level dialogue with no coherent value system or goal to back it up except some knee-jerk anti-western bias . 
  good , involuntary genital mutilation should swiftly be made a thing of the past . 
   you 're a bunch of fucking horrible racists i 'm sure i do n't have to point out the inherent irony of saying that about an heterogeneous ethnic group . 
   sweden flair you ca n't make this shit up . 
  why would we want a russian puppet in the eu ? 
  i just want the city of emperor constantine back . 
  i 'm struggling to understand why we ever let you keep it . 
  if a foreigner tries to speak dutch in the netherlands , he 'll likely find everyone responding to him in english and trying to shift the conversation into that language . 
  hey , remember when leftists supported state atheism , decried religion as the opiate of the masses , and called for the destruction of all traditional power structures regardless of their cultural origins ? 
  i 'm still kinda confused as to what happened to make the left so supportive of religion and tradition all of a sudden . 
  yeah , what self-respecting emperor would want to live in such a backwater ? 
  how is this virtuous ? 
  it 's utterly irrelevant and slightly dumb . 
  like i said , `` the usual terrorist bs . '', 
  isis itself is nothing special and we give it way too much credit . 
  bad weather is a more existential threat than isis . 
  they 're a bunch of idiots in the desert who are losing the war quite horribly . 
  they 'll be gone soon . 
  can we please stop pretending they 're a threat beyond the usual terrorist bs ? 
  \\  he was n't conceived through xwedodah, 
  it was useless regardless because nothing from indonesia could get to europe as long as the royal navy existed . 
  the british would never have accepted it . 
  blehhhhh . 
  call yourself empire of the romans or the actual `` byzantines '' will be turning in their grave . 
  holland , it 's what everyone calls us anyway . 
  so it 's like the history channel ? 
  yeah , and you pussies wear helmets too . 
  russia 's historical friend and ally which has literally zero conflicting interests with russia ? 
  * east europeans . 
  western europe is quite safe from russia and has never been its main priority . 
  what , so we have to worry about being arrested for insulting foreign dictators now ? 
  better stop cracking jokes about kim jong un if that 's the way it is ... 
  this is fucking stupid because the referendum was never about any particular part of the deal . 
  what should be altered if all the netherlands has to offer is `` fuck the eu '' ? 
  anything is better than `` czech republic '' as far as i 'm concerned . 
  so unwieldy . 
  and everyone calls us holland anyway . 
  himmler read the bhagavad gita multiple times though . 
  i assume they mostly just hated the dravidians and `` mixed race '' indians . 
  neh , that statement implies that there is a difference between `` the people of islam '' and `` us '' which is racist and unacceptable . 
  pretty sure he altered his professed beliefs based on who he was speaking to . 
  it explains all the completely contradictory quotes perfectly . 
  i do not see the point you 're making . 
  because it used to bad here we should just accept it when people do bad shit today ? 
  how very relevant to the matter at hand . 
  come on mate , the gypsy is pure sex . 
  i feel the past few years have shown that there is so little solidarity in europe that federalization is a pipe dream . 
  without integration as a realistic goal , the eu is just a really meddlesome trade organization and we might as well dial it back a bit . 
  or leave . 
  anatolia was europe because there were still many christians there and the idea of reconquering it was still alive , especially in russia . 
  now that it 's completely muslim and no one wants to take it back , we 've given up on it . 
  the science of the french is war , they love war , and they die in war . 
  i much prefer this stereotype over the current `` french always surrender xd '' meme . 
  but german is better . 
  never shoulda left the holy roman empire . 
  ai n't happening . 
  people desire power more than anything and good luck getting them to give it up . 
  our language is so fucking awful ... 
  * was ist des deutschen vaterland * is a really good song though . 
  clearly , czechs are acutely aware of all the differences between arab nations . 
  how can a nation so much more powerful be a rival ? 
  it 's not much of a rivalry if you 're guaranteed to always lose . 
  sure . 
  they can eat all of georgia for all i care . 
  russia is not my enemy , nor will it ever be unless we 're dragged into conflict with it by our overlords . 
  this is literally the way the world is run and the guiding principle for nearly every political action . 
  do you think the powerful eu nations are helping ukraine out of love and care ? 
  please . 
  they 're just contesting russia 's sphere of influence and trying to drive it back while expanding their power . 
  politics are amoral and selfish by nature . 
  no , this is the foundation of politics . 
  i always found it strange when russians embrace national socialism , considering they 'd all be dead if the nazis got their way . 
  the `` no '' side is a minority as well . 
  the actual majority is `` i have n't read the agreement , do n't care about this conflict , and can not be bothered to vote . '', 
  you really just hate russia . 
  i 'll be honest and say i literally could not care less about ukraine . 
  in fact , i care so little i did not even vote because this issue does not interest me in the slightest . 
  why not just `` for '' and `` against '' ? 
  mixing in random dutch that adds no additional meaning serves no purpose . 
  all will become one with russia . 
  these national bolsheviks are making lenin turn in his grave , i 'm sure . 
  why the fuck would you combine nazism with `` judeo-bolshevism '' ? 
  who came up with that ? 
  saudi arabia in particular building mosques is definitely terrorist-linked . 
  saudi arabia 's preferred version of islam is about as bad as it gets . 
  you 're the ones who taught 'em . 
  how is it racist to demand that the people who live in a country conform to the local culture and language and do n't form an isolated , poorly integrated subgroup ? 
   pis is leftist . 
  more govenrment control and increasing in social spending are a sure sign of that wut . 
  so absolute monarchy is leftist ? 
  the russian left and the tumblr crap you see here are not even remotely the same . 
  even if absolute power had been granted to the bolsheviks by god himself , they still would not have done this kind of shit because it was n't part of their ideology and they were actually fairly socially conservative . 
  talking about the left as some monolithic force just makes you look dumb . 
  right , because everyone has the skills for that . 
  i 'd gladly follow your advice , but considering i suck with technology and do not understand math or spatial thinking , i 'm pretty sure that would be a short trip towards getting kicked out of uni and being unemployed or in menial labor . 
  i 'm sure that would be incredibly useful to society .
