  and even if it were true , what does it say that 99 % of all attackers are muslim regardless ? 
  i doubt they would though . 
  what motivates western europe to fight russia ? 
  nothing would change for the people here if ukraine & co were to be annexed . 
  we know the russians wo n't actually touch the germany/france/britain triangle due to power and nukes , so those nations and everything west of them are safe . 
  and trust me , the average person here would be far more willing to throw lithuania to the wolves than to go to war for their sake . 
  nope . 
  russia hanged themselves willingly . 
  right , so what you 're actually saying is `` i think religion is bad and like it when people leave it '' , not `` i like it when people decide for themselves how they want to see the world even if that means that they personally wish to support an organized religion . '', 
   yanks arrive to save the day that people actually believe this is what happened hurts my soul . 
  the last german offensive was successfully defended against before the americans had the chance to arrive in any meaningful numbers . 
  i quite like the [ albanian flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/36/flag_of_albania.svg ) . 
  it 's kind of strange that the only people still using the roman double-headed eagle are kebabs . 
  macedonia is just a shitty version of the vergina sun . 
  i agree , it was far better and more original . 
  why pick out ireland ? 
  almost every country has some pretentious explanation for their colors like that . 
  so american in style . 
  yet i doubt you would have proclaimed `` great news ! '', 
  if the article was that all of norway had embraced roman catholicism as the true faith based on their personal considerations . 
  makes little sense to count languages with virtually no speakers , though . 
  at that point you might as well start listing that weird romanian offshoot in greece as well , and stuff like that . 
  yeah , bulgaria worries me . 
  that trend is only going to get worse . 
  i did . 
  there are no companies on our side . 
  companies are on the side of their profit , nothing more . 
  eh , might makes right . 
  as long as they could hold on to it , it was theirs . 
  that 's how empire works . 
  of course they would . 
  they lost like 2/3 of their population in the collapse and a huge amount of power and influence . 
  keeping their giant empire in one piece hardly seems like an unreasonable ambition . 
  they 're still far below replacement rate so i have n't a clue what you 're going on about . 
  rising from utter shit to shit is n't particularly great . 
  so europe should die off because china and india are too full ? 
  why should we suffer all the consequences of population ageing and the decline of the welfare state for their sake , weakening our nations in the process ? 
  killing ourselves to solve problems created by other countries seems like a particularly shitty notion . 
  i hate how they pretend to be successors to the ancient state of macedonia despite being slavs who only wandered in there a millennium later . 
   turkey is not the middle east ayyy, 
  pretty much this . 
  which is one of the problems with europe , honestly . 
  i always get one when i feel particularly euphoric . 
  not really . 
  the original idea of the anschluss was just to add austria , which was undeniably a german state at the time whose separation from the other was entirely arbitrary . 
  this modern interpretation of the term as some evil imperialism is silly . 
  you need to believe in the divinity of jesus to be a christian . 
  otherwise all muslims would be christians too for acknowledging jesus as a prophet . 
  or even atheists who believe he did exist but think he was merely a jewish preacher . 
  `` i 'm christian , except i do n't believe in any aspect off the religion . '', 
  i really do n't care about ukraine at all . 
  russia could annex it tomorrow and i would n't lose sleep over that . 
  why should we risk ourselves for some country 1300 kilometers away with whom we share nothing ? 
  the point is that no one even knows what this is about . 
  i can guarantee you that less than 1 % of the people who vote have even taken a look at the contents of the agreement . 
  why are we even doing this except to satisfy some kneejerk anti-europe reaction which has little to do with ukraine ? 
   the security of nato membership . 
  aka being us vassals . 
  not really you specifically , that 's just how politics work . 
  and still be smaller than the usa and insignificant compared to china . 
  it would have to do better than that . 
  i do n't care either and i 'm from groningen . 
  they do n't call it the daily fail for nothing . 
   same , but we use `` gypsy '' . 
  same thing , really . 
  really ? 
  i 've heard it quite a bit . 
  `` it can freeze , it can thaw , but i 'd rather have dead frisians . '', 
   christian leader complains europe is forgetting about christianity gee . 
  we all know how good italy is at defeating african armies , so this will go swimmingly i 'm sure . 
  i think `` culture conversion '' is frowned upon nowadays . 
  it looks cool on a map . 
  i 'm sure you guy would get along fine with the other catholic degenerates down in the south of the netherlands . 
  \\  nowadays, 
  join us in fighting the tree infestation , brothers !, 
  together we can defeat this menace !, 
  so they 're so strong they 're gon na take over , yet there are n't even any muslim mainstream political parties . 
  it 's kind of amazing how much you people manage to exaggerate their power . 
  i doubt his kingdom was any larger than britain is now , so i do n't see much of a point . 
  just revive charlemagne 's empire and call it a day . 
  nothing , really . 
  i doubt we 'd see much advancement in other areas because it 's still going to be fucking impossible to reach any sort of consensus with the countries that are left . 
  no , it 's mostly the usa these days . 
  if the usa had spoken danish instead of english , we 'd all be speaking danish right now . 
  we would n't have made it hard to communicate with the currently dominant superpower out of respect to a fallen one . 
  if that was the case , we 'd still be speaking french or latin . 
  the usa was just lucky its predecessor spoke the same language and had left such an excellent groundwork in place . 
  american accent means nothing . 
  compare the accent of bernie sanders to forrest gump . 
  both are american accents yet they sound nothing alike . 
  it 's like talking about a `` british accent '' as if those were all the same . 
  any islam enforced by a non-islamic authority is always going to lack legitimacy . 
  it 's like saudi arabia coming up with a wahhabi version of enlightenment values and expecting us to take it seriously . 
  so i take it you 're also in favor of compulsory sterilization of people with hereditary defects they could pass on to their children ? 
  basque is n't even a european language . 
  wait , the * french * think they have no power ? 
  that 's a joke . 
  the balance of power is only going to get better for them once germany collapses demographically in a few years while france keeps on growing . 
  britain is in the same tier as france and germany . 
  if it would play an active role and throw its weight around , it could have major influence on policy .
