definetly the worst thing that ever happened in germany !, 
  now if you excuse me for moment , i have to checkings ovens . 
  i am cooking and do not want into burning it again . 
  woudl n't be anything special if it was n't representative for the whole situation in germany . 
  but there you are , far away , hiding behind the atlantic and telling us what is what . 
  go fund yourself . 
  yeah , i woudl n't do that if you care about your tower . 
  does it really matter if they can get their guys in within 24 or 240 hours ? 
  it 's not like we could do anything anyway . 
  they recently admitted that they totally lost control over the border and the head of isis could easily enter the eu-area if he 'd like to . 
  i never thought austria had it 's own anthem o.o, 
  no , putin is n't doing the exact same thing . 
  assad killed tens of thousands of innocent civilians , many of them were tortured and executed . 
  that it the main reason why the west is not backing him and also why the civil war broke our in the first place . 
  putin of course does n't give 2 fs about that as long as he gets some presence on the international stage and his military bases in the mediterranean . 
  that being said , i do n't trust those `` moderate '' rebels either . 
  imho any real democratic movements got eliminated within the first 1-2 years of the conflict and only the tougher , hardline islamic groups survived as they are more brutal and more united in their cause . 
  there are rumors of turkey preparing a ground invasion . 
  other rumors say that saudi arabia is preparing ground troops as well . 
  but i would n't give to shits on these infos , they are most likely just noise to confuse intel organisations ... 
  russia is not fighting * against * someone , they are fighting * for * assad . 
  making `` moderate '' rebels as much as a target as isis . 
  lol , the syrian government literally has national socialists and lenist-marxist organisations fighting on its side . 
  we like to drink . 
  hate us or love us \\ ^ \\ ^, 
  bavaria : rough translation of the name of the dance would be `` face slapping dance '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=alzulkwxe_e, 
  i heard numbers that about 2500 people arrive in germany every day . 
  so it would take them about 10 days  so nothing to worry about , 
  my dad paid his ducati in cash . 
  those were quite a few 500 euro notes i saw that day . 
  but beyond that ? 
  never seen a single one . 
  personally i never use anything beyond 20 euro notes because i pay everything  20 euro by card . 
  that being said , asking for proof and a valid reason to change a working system is never wrong imho . 
  professional redditor , pornhub reviewer and cheetos tastyness scientist arent real jobs . 
   you know people thought this threw . 
  so what did you mean by that ? 
  anyway . 
  i see that you realised that your initial statement was maybe somewhat missleading . 
  maybe some hints about how to calculate where the limit might be : a refugee needs services totalling about 1500 euro / month . 
  a unaccompanied minor needs about 5000 euro / month . 
  assume a ratio of unaccompanied minors to adult and calculate a blended cost for the average refugee . 
  then look at the social benefit budget of germany . 
  how many refugees can we take care of if we spend all of it on refugees ? 
  i did the math with 10 % unaccompanied minors and concluded that we can house about 5 million refugees if we cut all social benefits for german citizens . 
  of course that is only the financial part of the equation . 
  i have no idea where the houses , trained social workers etc should come from . 
  and you think that a law which prescribes a physical impossibility is well designed and thought to the end ? 
  please , you are embarrassing yourself ... there is a upper limit and it is closer to 2 million than it is to 10 . 
  with spending rampages like this it is even closer to 2 million than it is to 4 . 
  okay . 
  so you claim that there is no upper limit . 
  how are you going to house 4 billion people in germany ? 
  go on , explain to me how there is no upper limit !, 
  why would you want to integrate refugees ? 
  refugee implies that the person will go home once security is reestablished in his home country . 
  but then again admitting that those people are actually economic migrants and not war refugees is to them sort of like apostasy to islam, 
  so because some idiot didnt think the whole thing through and claimed that `` there is no upper limit '' ( of course there is a upper limit . 
  at some point it becomes a physical impossibility ) we should rent 4 star hotels for them ? 
  sorry but i doubt that this was the intent of the legislature, 
  somebody make a polandball strip out of this . 
  lmao, 
  i am a student in germany and can barely afford a rent of 400 euro/month aka 13 euro/night . 
  this is just ... 
  minimum wage in germany is 1350 euro/month . 
  50eur/night implies a rent of more than 1500 eur/month ... 
  why doesnt the title say for whom they are getting evicted ? 
  it is quite relevant that ethnic germans are getting put on the street to make room for ~ 60 % benefit shoppers also 50 eur/night ??? 
  are you fucking kidding me ??? 
  arabic will be about as important as afrikaans after their oil dried out . 
  jesus , you sold me on this one . 
  if someone would like to join : http://www.japanesepod101.com/, 
  a small minority of german jumped on the refugee welcome hype train . 
  another minority is advocating to shoot illegal immigrants if they try to enter the country . 
  so , who is representing germany ? 
  well , next time the greek only have to send a crying girl to merkel and all debts will be forgiven . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  i had sooo many emails from spanish princes who offered me to embezzle millions or government euros . 
  i only had to pay some transaction fees of a some 50k in advance . 
  it was all my savings but in one week i will write you reddit losers from my private island bitcheeeeeeezzzzzz !, 
  it is called `` la siesta '' or so i 've been told . 
  ( not srs , must feel bad man ), 
  i am a right-liberal-internationalist-atheistic-idontknowwhatanyofthesemean-cake-dog person, 
  your german is bretty good . 
  can confirm that translation is 100 % correct . 
  what is 62 zloties in real monies ? 
  stahp victimising the victims / s, 
  john cleese : political correctness can lead to an orwellian nightmare : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qak0kxepf8u, 
  why not include bavaria ? 
  we of strongest economy in germany . 
  and we like mountains , too . 
  absolutely agreed . 
  i hope this will have consequences for merkel . 
  she basically broke every single word in the oath she swore when assuming office . 
  the migrants will cost of triple digit billions if not trillions . 
   schaden von ihm wenden , we 've seen how well that went on nye . 
  it is very much possible that she broke the constitution and broke several laws and treaties . 
  i really hope she is going to be held responsible for her deeds ... 
  oh , the guardian writing about tax issues . 
  now thats going to be unbiased and well researched .
