  no , i do n't think i 'm confusing that . 
  annex 7 was included , they signed , they have to respect it . 
  enforcing fisa would be an * explicit violation of an international treaty , they just ca n't * . 
  ( even in a recent decree by trump , in which he ordered europeans to be excluded from privacy rules , he had to say `` to the extent permitted by applicable law '' knowing that the privacy shield could n't be contradicted unilaterally ) . 
  i 'm aware the a29wp is n't satisfied by the new agreement because not all conditions are met ; that means that further conditions are needed in a new agreement , but it does n't allow the us to violate conditions that have already been signed . 
   incorrect . 
  fisa requests apply to any provider who has a server on us soil . 
  if , for example , the nsa files a fisa request on fb looking for communications relating to some eu citizen , it makes absolutely no difference where the data came from . 
  if fb us has it , they must provide it . 
  then i 'll wait to see what the ecj decides , but if it really is as you say , then it is an explicit violation of an international agreement . 
  it can not be that simple . 
   authorities can use fisa to obtain any data they want , and the subject of those requests can not challenge it . 
  this appears to be the source of confusion . 
  that data may be physically stored in us servers and subject to us laws , but they still have to abide by the privacy shield . 
  it 's an * international agreement * , they can not unilaterally legislate against it . 
  if they signed it then they have to respect it or be sanctioned . 
  therefore fisa applies only to data that did n't reach the us through the privacy shield . 
  and anyway those data are in the hands of private companies . 
  the nsa has to request data to them . 
  if they were disobeying the privacy shield then at least one company would have already revealed it . 
  you appear to be quite informed about the details , much more than me , but you 're also contradicting the basics . 
  the ec directive on data privacy simply forbids the export of data * without the owner 's consent * to countries whose legislation does not provide eu-equivalent protection . 
  your consent is key here : if the privacy policy says you allow it and you clicked on accept , your data is not covered by any safe harbor , shield or whatever . 
  this is valid for any non-eu country except a handful that are considered equivalent . 
  as nearly everyone has multiple accounts on different sites , most likely lots of people have agreed to this already . 
  the us legislation is not eu-equivalent . 
  the whole purpose of the safe harbor program was to allow data from eu residents to be transferred to the us , and it was negotiated during the bush administration ( 2005 ) . 
  it failed in the ecj a few years ago iirc because of a case against facebook , then the us government sat down to negotiate a new agreement . 
  ( in this case it was probably easier because of the obama administration . ), 
  if the privacy shield fails in ecj , it will mean that the us legislation does not provide eu-equivalent protection , so data from europeans will no longer be able to be exported . 
  at this point it will depend on what the ec manages to renegotiate , i agree it will be hard with trump , but it does n't mean that exporting data to the us without your consent will be automatically legal . 
  at most they will have to fall back to treating the us as a country that requires explicit user consent to transmit data outside the eu . 
  yes , it would suck . 
  basically every site/service you have an account with would send an `` update to our privacy policy '' that says `` either allow us to export your data from the eu or terminate your account '' . 
  but even in that case , there are strong economic interests for both parties to achieve an understanding , as failure to agree would have important economic impact for everyone . 
  and this part :  neither did the us commit to ending mass surveillance . 
  instead they merely promised to target the use of that information after it is obtained and stored appears to be contradicting [ annex 7 of the privacy shield ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/files/privacy-shield-adequacy-decision-annex-7_en.pdf ) ( signed by the us authorities ) :  court orders for surveillance pursuant to federal wiretap law : additionally , law enforcement may intercept in real time wire , oral , or electronic communications for criminal investigative purposes pursuant to the federal wiretap law . 
  see 18 u.s.c. 
  ** this authority is available only pursuant to a court order ** in which a judge finds , inter alia , that there is probable cause to believe that the wiretap or electronic interception will produce evidence of a federal crime , or the whereabouts of a fugitive fleeing from prosecution . 
  the statute provides for civil liability and criminal penalties for violations of the wiretapping provisions . 
  there 's no reliable answer to this . 
  i can only express my personal opinion which is , of course , to be taken with a grain of salt . 
  right-wing politics are based on putting labels on people , specifically blaming minorities for all problems ( probably there are many wicked politicians who are blaming the majority , but because of the intrinsic impopularity of this approach they never got off the ground to even become formal candidates to their respective parties ' internal elections ) . 
  left-wing politics blame the establishment and the rich for everything , so they are easy labelled as revolutionary wackos by their right-wing opponents . 
  the center-left is the only ideology that does n't base its rhetoric on blaming minorities ... but they also have no credible proposals to pull us out of the crisis . 
  when things are clearly going wrong ( unemployment , low wages , etc ) people become angry , so the politician that just blames someone starts rocketing to the top in polls . 
  when i see this kind of news i wish there were more . 
  seriously , it was a great achievement by the romanian people . 
  if we ever find evidence that they do n't , all 27 states together are powerful enough to impose meaningful sanctions . 
  and anyway private companies are independent of federal agencies . 
  it 'd be hard to keep them silenced . 
  in fact , in the article linked in this post we see that private companies are litigating in courts to avoid providing data * even if it was requested by a warrant * . 
  by replacing the old safe port program with the current eu-us privacy shield . 
  the old program meant that data from eu citizens can not be exported without explicit consent to companies that do not adhere to the program , guaranteeing that they would not disclose your data . 
  the new agreement also requires that access to your data by us public agencies requires a search warrant by a judge ( no mass surveillance ) . 
  i agree with / u/luclinn about the role of the eu . 
  no member state would have had enough negotiation power to achieve this if negotiating alone . 
  uhm ... would n't you like to come and protest in italy against our corrupt parliament ? 
  we need you . 
   significantly lower your safety/security standards you did n't read the link in this post . 
  the cologne sex attacks were 22 rapes and 1500 sex-related crimes . 
  yes , it is alarming because it was too many of them in a short time and in a small geographical area . 
  i only have data from 2003 to 2010 , but i can tell in germany there are more than 7000 rapes and 45000 sex crimes every year . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.unodc.org/documents/data-and-analysis/statistics/crime/cts12_sexual_violence.xls ) . 
  you realize the study is showing that most of them are n't criminals , do you ? 
  not only you 're willing to deny refuge to the innocent majority just because of a few jerks , you 've also made it explicit that * nationality * is what pisses you off . 
  if you search scholar.google.com , there are lots of studies saying the same thing . 
  this one will be added to the list . 
  a couple of news about crimes committed by immigrants and everybody will forget about this study . 
  meanwhile i keep wondering why the media gives so little coverage to crimes committed by native europeans . 
  yeah , including a hard brexit and turning the uk into a fiscal haven . 
  not long ago someone said in / r/jokes : how much is trump 's life insurance ? 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ a ^ ^ pence . 
  ----- edit : since this is getting upvoted i 'll link to [ the original submission ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/5cqe4f/how_much_is_donald_trumps_life_insurance/ ) to credit the author . 
  though it looks like a repost . 
   and his little lapdog theresa may . 
  honestly i think it wo n't ~ ~ take him long to scare the shit away from her ~ ~ take us long to pull her back on our side ( which does n't mean remaining a member , but at least an ally ) . 
  he 's literally making the world conspire against him . 
  in just his first week he triggered diplomatic crises with nieto , abe and merkel . 
  this week he 's also pissed off the eu with his nomination of an eu enemy ( ted malloch ) to the embassy . 
  for f 's sake , not even berlusconi was such a bad diplomat . 
  most likely after a couple of months putin will be trump 's only ally worldwide . 
  which basically would mean that economic power will be the usa 's only power . 
  he will no longer be able to push on any international agreements . 
  does n't the . com suffix make them still subject to us laws ? 
  you 're right . 
  we laugh at the trump wall on the mexican border while we have plenty of fences across the eu . 
  there 's always a moment when we have to look at a mirror and realize that we criticize others because we see them making our own mistakes . 
  i agree with most of your comment but our dependence of russian fossil fuels still has our hands tied . 
  putin can force our leaders to sign anything he wants . 
  i dream on the day when solar , eolic , geothermal etc. 
  make us energy independent ( ok , helping the planet is more important than helping just ourselves ) . 
  but it 's taking longer than we would like to . 
  you mean * relatively * nice :p, 
   i am curious to know what side would you have been on . 
  war with the central powers ? 
  neutrality ? 
  war with the allies ? 
  today we think of the geopolitical map in terms of democracy/dictatorship , pacifism/terrorism , communism/free economy , etc. 
  by then it was quite different , it was mostly empathy between kings and elites ( ok , that 's how i may see it today , but peoples were most likely brainwashed by media pretty much like we are today ) .
