  he found a loophole in the laws , what he owns is the brand . 
  pretty sure he would have been able to do the same in any other european country . 
  in cases like this i think it 's up to the people to identify authoritarianism and vote for more democratic leaders . 
   mr grillo - despite claiming to espouse the ideology of `` bottom-up '' democracy - has often sought to impose party discipline from the top down , dealing with rebels by threatening to withdraw their right to use the movement 's brand , of which he is the exclusive owner . 
  this is what best describes the party and why i call grillo a fascist leader . 
  under his party you 're not allowed to have your own mind - you either think what he says or you 're a betrayer . 
  this was totally foreseeable in 2008 . 
  when a crisis explodes , the shockwave leaves populisms and dictatorships behind it . 
  when wall street crashed in 1929 mussolini and franco became much stronger , hitler rose few years later . 
  2008 was the biggest crack since 1929 , we should actually be grateful that the political situation is only half as bad . 
  in times of prosperity you 'll have the chance to vote and choose between two center/moderate candidates ( like we did in 2006 ) . 
  for now ... well , let 's hope it does n't last much longer . 
  funny that scotland is the only part of great britain that the roman empire did n't conquer . 
  i 'm not really concerned about them . 
  they are n't doing any good in the polls when compared to spd and cdu . 
  1789 was just the moment when they made it clear that they had been pissed off for the previous few centuries . 
  must also mention that salvini appears to be far crazier than bossi ( who already was a wacko ) . 
  i hope so . 
  grillo and le pen are still threatening european stability . 
  have my upvote . 
   and the crime rate remains unchanged so far . 
  this is an important point that all the anti-immigrant positions ignore . 
  not long ago an important italian newspaper ( la repubblica ) was showing that the crime rate remains the same as 10 years ago despite the percentage of immigrants in the population raising dramatically . 
  that is even more meaningful than the crime rate alone . 
  that was kind of the point :  lots of different things happened in greece , italy and spain . 
  berlusconi left , then monti took over with his `` technical government '' . 
  can that alone explain the spike in the graph ? 
  i tend to believe it was cumulative , because at the same time greek bonds were renegotiated and spain had serious issues as well . 
   then in 2011 the debt crisis exploded iirc the debt crisis exploded in march 2010 ... and it 's not visible in the graph . 
  edit : [ no , i did n't remember correctly . 
  missed by 2 months . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/8656649.stm ), 
   but , one of the purposes of the single currency was to create jobs . 
  it still says that on the european commission website . 
  we should therefore judge it by that metric . 
  that 's a very good point . 
  however , just comparing the performance of ea against non-ea countries ... is that really enough to say we would have better employment rates without the euro ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  italy 's main goal when entering the euro was to reduce interest rates , and they did decrease sharply . 
  this means a lot for industries that need to borrow for their investments , which in turn means a lot for employment . 
  however my argument alone is not enough to say the opposite . 
  just saying : economy is complicated , we can not judge it by a single metric or graph . 
  there are two steady rises in the graph . 
  the first started by the end of 2008 , so it 's easy to relate to the wall street crash following the lehman brothers bankruptcy . 
  the other is in 2011 . 
  in this case lots of different things happened in greece , italy and spain . 
  anyone knows if one of them was significant enough to cause this spike ( e.g. 
  greek bonds ) or was it just a cumulative effect of everything ? 
  i also feel quite disappointed by politicians promising to leave in this kind of situations . 
  something that most italians are overlooking is the fact that the constitution would last much more than one or another government . 
  voting for renzi 's stay or leave is quite irresponsible because he ( or whoever comes in his place ) wo n't last more than a few years anyway . 
  thanks !, 
  anyone knows a map of what the border will look like before and after ? 
  i suppose that buying everyday stuff like food on the other side of the border must be absolutely normal for people in this town . 
  do n't know nothing about the language but i guess that , like in most frontier towns , it must be a dialect that does n't sound very different on either side , or even just the same if the towns have a common history . 
  what really makes me wonder is school . 
  there you do n't speak a dialect , you learn the actual language of your country and its orthography . 
  you also learn history and geography , and those are different for either country . 
  i was wondering if parents are concerned about these differences if they send their kids to a school on the other side . 
  i feel like most of the criticism-filled comments missed the main point . 
  but there are a few exaggerations in the main post . 
  first of all , we must be aware of our own weakness . 
  we 're in the middle of a strong economic crisis and many blame the common currency for it ( not here to debate whether they are right or wrong ) . 
  gdp growth is stagnating as well , if it is hard to help the poorer 40 % when growing then how can we even think about doing it without growth ... 
  i also do n't like angela merkel . 
  but that 's subjective . 
  now i 'd like to make an important point : ** 1929 ** . 
  it happened . 
  the shockwave destroyed the world 's economy as it expanded from its epicenter , and left a strong sensation of anger in a starving working class . 
  italian fascism got stronger with it , german nazism rised with it , spain is a more complicated case but they all happened . 
  meanwhile england and france were certainly not as strong as before , while the us were struggling to prevent their budget from falling even lower . 
  everybody in this thread is debating who ruled the world in the interwar period . 
  my point is that any `` ruling '' would be very relative to the world 's reduced capabilities . 
  what happened in the us during wwii ? 
  military keynesism . 
  this is an awful reality , but it works , it really can pull out a country 's economy from the deepest of holes and boost it to the stars albeit its strong ethical concerns ( ok , in the context of wwii 's ethics it was easy to tell good apart from evil , i mean from a more general point of view ) . 
  remember that 2008 's wall street crack was `` the worst crisis since 1929 '' , and several far-right parties across europe became stronger since then . 
  having made that point , i see two possible scenarios for the near and mid-term future : 1 ) we create the european army . 
  i really do hope we use it only to defend ourselves from external invasion or do n't even have to because we 're strong enough to say `` do n't dare touch us '' , but realistically , history shows we 've always been the exact opposite . 
  in any case , military keynesism could reboost our depressing economies and having our political leaders represent the free world * might * become a realistic forecast . 
  but this is unlikely . 
  2 ) trumpism invades europe . 
  front national , m5s , golden dawn and all those clowns get to power . 
  the eu weakens . 
  the `` free world '' has no leader anymore and we 're back by 100 years . 
  donald tusk breathes heavily under his mask as he replies to emperor junker that he 's felt the vibration in the force as well . 
  these separatists have to be kept under control . 
  this is a step in the right direction . 
  backdoors are n't gon na help the police much because terrorists can always used an alternate ( even custom ) app or channel to comunicate . 
  they are only detrimental to our privacy . 
  the mods intended `` itaglia '' , but their sign language was n't super good and the guy who wrote it down was a stronzo . 
  spotted the brexiter . 
  silly question here . 
  was the declaration actually written in english originally ? 
  not french nor german ? 
   the dutch state is missing out on tax money from its own company . 
  the video says 15 avril 2017 on the fillon side, 
  they put piemonte in france . 
  not sure if i should be upset about that , is it better to be dominated by the french than by the milanese ... ? 
  dear le pen , if you 're minimally smart , then plagiarize the speech of someone who was n't eliminated soon after pronouncing it ...
