  southern finland ( where almost everyone lives ) is practically an island with sea on two sides , russia on the third and a long way around on the fourth . 
  there have been some reports suggesting it could even be worth funding the tunnel locally , but it 's so expensive that nobody seems willing to take the risk it is n't , and the ferry companies obviously lobby against the idea . 
  plus , it 's a part of [ eu strategy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trans-european_transport_networks ) , so they will almost certainly fund it partially anyway . 
  edit : phrasing, 
  i wonder how long it 'll take before the pipeline gets accidentally ( or `` accidentally '' ) punctured during roadworks . 
  that would be a sight to behold . 
  it has to do with what you like to do in your daily life . 
  i lived for most of my childhood in various tiny villages and i can assure you it was * so fucking boring * it 's literally ( not figuratively , * literally * ) making my blood pressure rise just thinking about it . 
  having grown up , i would not in a million years move back to a town with less than 100k inhabitants . 
  i 'm not very sociable but i do want to be near other people so i have the option to easily meet them whenever . 
  not living in a city that 's just not how it works . 
  the absolute quiet outside , having to drive a car everywhere , nothing open past 6pm , certainly having your own garden and big house you must tend to ... please just kill me n -- well okay , i have internet nowadays . 
  i 'd survive . 
  but then i also know many people who love being close to nature all the time . 
  they spend all day long in their garden or go picking berries and fishing and skiing etc. 
  fine by me , as long as i do n't need to get involved for more than maybe a weekend at a time . 
  the only problem is that here up north this is still seen as the `` ideal '' and you 're somehow odd if you 'd prefer not to have a forest in your backyard . 
  the arguments can get quite tiresome sometimes . 
  finnish here , but i imagine it 's similar . 
  translations do exist for popular fiction or otherwise renowned literature ( for instance : harry potter , the little prince , or gordon ramsay 's cookbooks ) but the selection is immensely smaller than you 'd find in english or french . 
  personally i 'd never take a translation over an original if it 's in a language i understand , at least for fiction , but there are certainly many people who would consider that too difficult . 
  in particular , studying at university level basically requires you to read books in foreign languages since the market is just too small for translations . 
  nowadays english is naturally most common , but especially in technical fields german might also be useful . 
  [ here 's for finland . 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/a335d9219e53f0d14c635de051050a5b/tumblr_inline_n75nctrb4n1razg08.jpg ), 
  it 's actually part of the arctic ocean , so good luck with the draining ... 
  okay , at that scale it might actually be . 
  i 've seen the illustration a few posts up before , and i believe those were supposed to hold about 50k people each . 
  that 's just seven times the oasis of the seas . 
  multiply the size ( and cost , for a ballpark estimate , although constructing empty space should n't cost so much when there 's no land to pay for ) by ten to move from cramped cabins to city apartments , then maybe triple for the algae harvesting and solar panels and other necessities . 
  that 's about 50 billion dollars , which is still off by a factor of 60 . 
  increase the population and cost by 20x to end up at 1 trillion . 
  at that point you probably need heavier infrastructure for e.g. 
  transportation as well , increasing it more . 
  3 trillion sounds plausible . 
  that sounds difficult to believe . 
  the biggest cruise ships cost [ about a billion dollars ] ( http://www.boaterexam.com/blog/2011/03/most-extravagant-cruise-ships.aspx ) , and they are n't very far from a floating city anymore . 
  i ca n't imagine what would cost 3000 times more . 
  ( and yes this is an old thread but whatever . ), 
  turkey and kazakhstan are more or less [ equally european ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boundaries_between_continents#europe_and_asia ) geographically -- that is , mostly asian . 
  culturally it 's up for debate , and i kind of understood that to be the point of this thread . 
  use the european flag then ? 
  at least assuming you live on the continent ... 
  first part correct , second part not so much . 
  my family has just never been one to fly across the continent on package holidays . 
  the only fully independent traveling i 've done in europe was from geneva to berlin to meet up with my dad for interrailing after a school trip to cern . 
  no cruises on the aegean either -- just island hopping from athens ending in turkey , plus a separate trip to crete . 
  and infinitely funny to finns since to us it sounds like `` great dick hill '' . 
  ( muna also means egg in finnish but for some reason it has another meaning besides that in colloquial language ... ), 
  not off the top of my head , but the only peak south of the arctic circle ( which is pretty close to the border of the top third by most measures ) on [ this list ] ( http://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/luettelo_suomen_korkeimmista_kohdista ) is ruka , 500 m. still beats the baltics ' ~ 300 but of course , the further south you go , the lower it gets . 
  it 's s\u00e1mi . 
  but actually finnish also technically uses \u0161 and \u017e for some loanwords . 
  they 're just practically always written sh and zh , going against the basic tenets of finnish spelling , because people ca n't bother finding the caron on computers . 
  i 'm sure it can vary . 
  at least the one in the photo is two hours judging by the markers on the dials . 
  their main point is of course to limit the use and cost of electricity , but that 's a matter of paying . 
  the fuses and wires are a bigger issue . 
  [ tesla 's high-power home charger ] ( http://shop.teslamotors.com/products/high-power-wall-connector ) is rated at 80a/240v . 
  the pole you linked says 16a/230v , presumably shared between the two plugs . 
  and it looks like a fairly modern model . 
  yeah , they do usually have a timer , although two hours seems more common to me . 
  but that 's at the plug itself and would n't be hard to remove if it was the only obstacle . 
  most finns are used to [ wiring their cars up ] ( http://www.vastavalo.fi/albums/userpics/10716/normal__dsc0599-3.jpg ) overnight in the winter , since the engine needs to be heated to reliably start up in the morning . 
  basically every car is equipped with an electrical heater and parking lots already have the required wiring in place ( although probably not high enough capacity for charging dozens of evs ) . 
  the range is a bigger issue . 
  100 km is enough for most people 's regular commutes , but not much more . 
  when the cars also cost much more than any comparable ice-equipped vehicle , there just are n't many real reasons to get one . 
  the leaf [ starts at 36k $ ] ( http://www.nissan.fi/fi/fi/vehicle/electric-vehicles/leaf.html ) , which is enough for something like an audi a4 . 
  huh . 
  well , why not . 
  they 're called french balconies , presumably because they originate in france . 
  basically it 's just used for increased ventilation , although some people hang flower pots or other decorations from the railing . 
  have n't seen them in any new buildings , seems they were most popular around the '50s . 
  the thing is , it 's not nighttime . 
  it 's just dark . 
  when you live in the north , you basically need to forget about any correlation between sunlight and daytime since it 's only true for a few months per year . 
  we need to do this . 
  i 'm not sure if this is true , but one time i was in budapest and the tour guide claimed that the architect purposefully designed it to be just a bit bigger than the palace of westminster due to a personal grudge . 
  a pretty expensive way to show off ... of course , it ruled over a much bigger country when it was built , but it still feels oversized . 
  the difference is that helsinki has vast swathes of forest and low-density suburbs inside its municipal boundaries . 
  the old core city where the trams operate easily has a population density of 10,000 / km2 ( some districts peak closer to 30,000 ) . 
  but yes , barcelona is a much bigger city in general , which results in crowded trains among other things . 
  that 's actually a fairly typical story . 
  in the '50s and '60s almost everything was planned around the assumption that people would get wealthier and buy cars and make public transport obsolete , or in dense cities upgrade it to fancy subways that are underground out of the way . 
  maybe leave some old tram as a tourist attraction . 
  considering the tech used back then , surely it would 've felt progressive . 
  then came the oil crisis and people got sick of driving in congested and polluted cities , and suddenly public transport started feeling attractive again . 
  a huge proportion of the current tram systems in western europe have been opened in or after the '80s . 
  i 'm not saying it 's the reason , but what they have in common is that they do n't use euro . 
  oh , i 'm sure you 'd get enough visitors to stay afloat . 
  but it would n't be a goldmine of `` profit !! '', 
  do n't bother . 
  the ones who are interested just take the boat to helsinki or stockholm . 
  given that it 's illegal to sell here , probably not . 
  ( i honestly have no idea why since tobacco in general is perfectly legal , though happily getting constantly less popular . ), 
  on the other hand , that basically means the swedish stats include finland as well . 
  especially considering that this was quite likely their first time abroad . 
  denmark would be like heaven to a poor indian boy who has never experienced anything like it before . 
  besides those , there is a pretty big blind spot right below the windshield . 
  this would never pass eu safety requirements .
