that 's just a simple compound word , `` inland-water-cruise-ship '' . 
  i do n't know about dutch but german can be just as `` bad '' about them . 
  it 's the case system you could be legitimately worried about as a foreigner . 
  they 've actually learned to obey the rules quite well in finland , since too many offences means a hard time getting across the border again . 
  some relatives of mine live in lappeenranta ( one of the towns closest to russia ) , and apparently they have even been approached by russian tourists who wanted to find the police station to pay a fine !, 
  i have also personally been stuck driving on the highway behind russians doing just under the speed limit , when basically all natives go ~ 10 km/h over . 
  there are just always first-timers who have yet to learn ... 
  finnish small business owners , among others -- it 's all over the news here . 
  but normal russian citizens obviously get the worst of it . 
  they 're only banning imports , so [ these ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/automotive_industry_in_russia#factories_of_foreign_companies ) ( and the joint ventures with local companies listed above them ) should still be fine ... as long as they last . 
  no doubt . 
  i just answered the question . 
  free from kindergarten to phd , plus up to ~ 900 euro per month * of state support for higher education . 
  books and other material begin costing quite a lot after compulsory education ( grades 1-9 ) , though . 
  \\* terms and conditions apply . 
  depends on how much you study , how you live , a part is just loan , etc. 
  china 's policies and economic growth have `` fixed '' the situation for its part . 
  current un projections show the population peaking at 1.4 billion around 2030 , at which point india will overtake china , although birth rates are ( slowly ) declining in india as well . 
  sub-saharan africa is the biggest problem nowadays . 
  well , there is the topless woman in # 19 ... edit : come on guys . 
  it 's not the best reason but it is a reason . 
  just to be clear , that 's roughly how the local dialects pronounce the name . 
  more formally it 's spelled pohjanmaa . 
  it means `` land of the bottom '' ( or `` land of the north '' , if interpreted in older finnish ) . 
  the latin/english name comes from the same origin via swedish but adds the `` east '' because it 's on the eastern shore of the gulf of bothnia -- i.e. 
  [ gulf-gulf ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulf_of_bothnia ) -- which used to split the swedish empire in half . 
  the region is also fittingly quite flat and low-lying , which creates ideal conditions for large farming communities with [ religious sects ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laestadianism ) and [ rowdy thugs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puukkojunkkari ) . 
  actually it was more like `` hey , can you and these dozen other studios give us ideas for new banknotes , so we can pick the best ones for use ? 
  anything goes as long as it 's related to the sea . 
  thanks . '', 
  they had a design competition . 
  the judges had a look and decided to go with this . 
  and i think they succeeded well . 
  boats and fish scream `` norway '' and the pixelated sides scream `` nordic minimalism '' . 
  these would n't work elsewhere but for norway they 're a perfect fit . 
  there 's also another cartoon with a different style , which actually might 've been a polish production . 
  they 're not * all * so ridiculous ... 
  dedicated lanes on streets ? 
  actually reasonable -- if it extends to the athletes and technical staff running the events , and only when they 're actually necessary . 
  in london they absolutely were . 
  makes sense for such a big event . 
  meeting room temperature ? 
  well , there 's presumably a thermostat on the wall ... 
  greeted with a smile ? 
  i think hotel staff does that anyway . 
  coca-cola products only ? 
  this sadly seems to be how large-scale sponsorships work in general nowadays . 
  seasonal fruit ? 
  in norway in the middle of the winter ? 
  what are you smoking ? 
  welcomed ceremoniously on the runway ? 
  ... just go fuck yourselves . 
  seriously ? 
  how much for the whole project then ? 
  that 's an insane cost . 
  our recent metro extension has gone horribly over budget and will also likely end up around a billion euro , but at least we 'll get 14 km of tunnel and 8 new stations for it . 
  metro lines have stations at regular intervals and those cost a lot ( 50-100 million euro each in helsinki recently ) . 
  i could also imagine the soil in warsaw is slightly more challenging . 
  a simple tunnel in solid rock is very cheap to construct . 
  it 's definitely not going to cost 65 billion euro , though . 
  the bedrock under the gulf of finland is mostly stable 3-billion-year-old granite which is incredibly easy to bore a tunnel through . 
  1-2 m $ / km seems to be a fairly standard construction cost in finland for the digging alone . 
  assuming three parallel tubes ( one track per direction plus maintenance/emergency ) that 's just about 5 million . 
  multiplied by the 80 km which is more commonly quoted for helsinki-tallinn in practice , it 's 400 million euro . 
  now , it gets more expensive when you ca n't have shafts to the surface along the way for ventilation and removal of rock . 
  and under the sea you need pumping to keep a hole dry . 
  and installing the tracks and other equipment has a cost as well . 
  so we can multiply the above number by 10 and end up at 4 billion euro . 
  that 's at least in the same magnitude which most professional studies so far have indicated . 
  i 'm more an engineer than an economist , but i 'm not sure that alone is the best measure . 
  the potential connections basically have two purposes -- connecting individual cities , and giving ( southern ) finland a direct land route to central europe . 
  the latter could be fulfilled by either option , but helsinki-tallinn is more useful for the first * and * costs less . 
  if it gets built , the railway to sweden instantly becomes less lucrative at least as long as the tunnel to tallinn has spare capacity . 
  that would likely be the case for a very long time . 
  personally i 'd gladly take both but it just does n't seem realistic . 
  less viable than helsinki-tallinn since it would `` only '' be an international connection and not directly between two city centers . 
  i recall seeing a basic study about such a railway sometime -- as an engineering challenge it is n't considerably harder but just the distances involved are long enough to make it economically impossible . 
  it would also require upgrading the connections to turku within finland , which has been on the table for decades but still has n't gotten funded . 
  increasing the cost by another magnitude or two borders on madness , no matter how cool it might be . 
  another suggestion has been a bridge between ume\u00e5 and vaasa . 
  they 're further north but the open sea is narrower and shallower . 
  on the downside it 's also a less useful connection for the denser parts of both finland and sweden so it 's not likely to happen either . 
  the only economic justification would be that it 's the shortest way to the atlantic coast in norway , but in practice there are probably more useful projects elsewhere . 
  there is definitely demand , nobody just really knows how much since currently there 's zero infrastructure to serve it . 
  the point of these studies is to estimate it . 
  it also depends somewhat on the economic growth of estonia and the other baltics , so it might be that it 's not viable * yet * . 
  we can and do , but the russian leadership is so unpredictable that they might literally just one day announce they 'll block certain products or raise tariffs starting next month . 
  it 's happened before , even ignoring the current sanctions . 
  and going through russia would still add hundreds of kilometers on tracks that are n't very high quality . 
  it 's not competitive for exports elsewhere . 
  and as a passenger you still need to get a visa weeks in advance to be allowed through . 
  the first railways in finland were built under russian rule so we share their gauge ( almost -- we still have the imperial 5 ft = 1524 mm while the soviets decided to `` metrify '' it on paper to 1520 mm at some point ) . 
  but so do the baltics at least for now , so that 's not a benefit for either side . 
  there have been calls to rebuild the rail baltica route at the standard 1435 mm to eliminate a change at the polish border but i 'm not sure what 's actually happening . 
  it 's somewhat a case of `` build it and they will come '' . 
  the more obvious precedent is that of copenhagen-malm\u00f6 , where the bridge has caused significant unification of the two cities , including their commuting areas and economies . 
  the cargo capacity between helsinki and tallinn that is currently provided by ferries is probably sufficient , but dropping the travel time from three hours to half an hour would be a tremendous change for passenger traffic . 
  now it 's estonian workers visiting home over the weekend and finnish booze tourists , but it could be just random people going to work or shopping or a business meeting `` on the other side of the city '' . 
  from a finnish perspective , the tunnel ( along with rail baltica which is intrinsically connected to the project ) would also bring the other baltics and even central europe much closer -- riga , for example , could be a shorter train journey away than oulu in northern finland . 
  it 'd actually connect us to europe in many ways .
