  also , not a safety issue but the interior space looks terribly inefficiently used . 
  the couches are cool , but way too big for the amount of seating they provide . 
  if i understood the source correctly , there are only 28 seats and the corridor still seems cramped . 
  given that it 's russia , people will probably be standing on the seats during rush hour ... 
  a node is absolutely any sort of point which could be on the map . 
  it could be a point along a road , a corner of a building , a statue , a mailbox , a bus stop ... 
  sonera in finland offers free roaming in scandinavia and the baltics as a standard part of their contracts since the teliasonera consortium owns networks in all of the countries . 
  i would expect the other countries ' equivalents to work likewise , but i have n't actually heard they do . 
  i have also ( for some reason ) seen ads by comviq in sweden about a contract which costs a bit more than usual , but as long as the majority of use is in sweden , roaming is free throughout the eu . 
  and i have a faint recollection of some company offering sim cards which are meant purely for roaming worldwide -- they 'd negotiated a deal for almost every country and you 'd only have to pay a monthly fee . 
  no idea about the name and if it even exists anymore . 
  so , it has n't been unheard of earlier either . 
  many large airports seem to have prayer rooms with a similar concept . 
  i believe there 's also one at my university . 
  different than a building with organized services , of course . 
  eu driver 's licenses are credit card sized and full of anti-forgery measures ( complicated background pattern , raised watermark , hologram ) just like other ids . 
  why would it be any less secure ? 
  in finland the id card doubles as a national health insurance card and can technically be used for online identification ( if you have a reader for it ) but i ca n't say those seem very commonly used features . 
  most people do n't have one , though i can see them getting more popular as ever fewer people get a driver 's license . 
  almost everyone seems to have a passport for international travel , even if they only move within the schengen zone where it technically is n't needed . 
  when i went through france on an interrail trip , the only sentence i actually learned for it was `` parlez-vous anglais ou allemand ? '', 
  yes , but at least in finland the original versions are also available in cinemas . 
  [ random example . 
  =  original 3d version with finnish and swedish subtitles . 
  * ( for other versions , see links to the right . ), 
  -  finnish dub 3d , finnish dub 2d , original 2d , swedish dub 2d  \\* one line for each simultaneously , changing faster than a single language would . 
  it 's serious business . 
  i 'm pretty sure they all get viewers as well , or the practice would 've ended years ago . 
  i went to watch the lego movie in its original ( english ) form and the theater was packed . 
  as an added bonus , the original versions do n't typically have noisy little kids in the audience . 
  ca n't you get mobile internet for faster and cheaper at that point ? 
  that 's what they 're doing in actual third world countries , just building cell towers and selling 3g modems because it 's easier than installing cable everywhere . 
  is that a monthly price . . ? 
  in finland you 're usually able to pay a few thousand once to get the cable built ( provided you live close enough to the existing network ) , currently mostly for 1 gbps service , but the actual service costs a more reasonable amount . 
  i 'm not a historian by any means , but i doubt it . 
  the club war was about rebellion against oppressive rulers , while the lapua movement tried to suppress grassroots-level communism . 
  although they originated around the same area , over 300 years separate them . 
  the club is just an appropriate weapon to use against a bear . 
  actually a guy about to bash the bear 's skull in with a club while sitting on its back , which is admittedly no less manly . 
  you know , bear = russia = soviet union = communism . 
  french people with african ancestry too , by the looks of it . 
  til . 
  never seen it in use . 
  helsinki does n't have a flag . 
  in the picture is the [ coat of arms ] ( http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:helsinki.vaakuna.svg ) , which is never seen as a rectangle . 
  all finnish regions and municipalities have a coat of arms , after a concerted effort in the mid-20th century to create a symbol for every single one of them . 
  ( many have since disappeared in mergers , though . ), 
  helsinki 's was also introduced then , but it 's based on a 17th-century seal . 
  [ pennants ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/household_pennants_of_finland ) are somewhat commonly flown in finland , but usage of flags is pretty much restricted to the national one . 
  managing the social media presence of a large organization tends to be a job for `` internet people '' nowadays . 
  well ... apparently it can penetrate 7 m of concrete . 
  i 'd gtfo from its line of fire . 
  gazprom has a state-sanctioned monopoly in russia , being a former department of the soviet government . 
  on the international market , there are of course alternatives in other countries , but it 's difficult to compete with the sheer volume russia can offer . 
  maybe it does n't show internationally , but at least in finland the general reaction to the cpi has been along the lines of `` no way this is accurate , or else the rest of the world must be a complete shithole '' . 
  but there are definitely cultural differences regarding what counts in those surveys as well . 
  are you a swede in disguise ? 
  because they would enjoy balls . 
  on a more serious note , it really does suck how southern finland is practically an island . 
  sea on two sides , russia on the third , and a long way around to get anywhere populated on the last one . 
  but do you understand how it feels to live in a testicle ? 
  true . 
  but just as happens today with english , most of them are not fluent ( like cefr c1 or better ) in it . 
  no way . 
  just going by anecdotal evidence ,  10 % of finns do * not * speak fluent german . 
  maybe enough to introduce themselves and ask how much for a beer . 
  and yell * schei\u00dfe !, 
  * instead of * perkele !, 
  * when they 're slightly angry . 
  i just ca n't help feeling that there 's something seriously wrong when people go to the * department of motor vehicles * to get their personal id ... 
   i 'd like to learn swedish or danish now , but i ca n't make up my mind between the two !, 
  which would you choose ? 
  swedish . 
  it 's the biggest scandinavian language and i 'd also argue the easiest to learn , particularly as you already have good skills in english and german . 
  danish pronunciation is a mess ; there 's a reason for the saying that it 's `` swedish with a hot potato in your mouth '' . 
  i rest my case . 
  stereotypes are exaggerations . 
  there 's always a grain of truth somewhere , else nobody would 've got the idea to begin with . 
  exactly how exaggerated it has become varies between cases . 
  i 'd suspect the `` swedish men are gay '' one stems from swedes simply being more flamboyant and open in general from a finnish perspective . 
  stereotypes exist for a reason . 
  we have plenty of melancholic stories and songs in finland about drunk men killing their family or friends . 
  still , the occurrences are truthfully quite rare and if you trust the statistics , increasingly so . 
  [ something here . 
  ] ( http://www.findikaattori.fi/fi/97 ) ( the source is basically finnish government agencies , which you can generally trust when it comes to accuracy of data . ), 
  translated :  the general structure of homicidal crimes has remained unchanged despite the drop in criminal activity . 
  the typical finnish homicide is a drunken brawl killing in a private apartment . 
  the weapon is a kitchen knife and the time a weekend . 
  the perpetrator and victim are old friends , middle-aged , living alone , unemployed , alcoholic men with several previous convictions of violent crime . 
  at the moment of the act , both parties usually have a blood alcohol content of 1 -- 3 per mille . 
  also , some general points regarding the statistics : * the blue graph depicts male and the red one female victims of homicides , per 100k inhabitants . 
  men are more prone to drunken brawls ... * the numbers have dropped 40 % in the last 20 years . 
  we 're improving !, 
  * the huge spike in 1918 was caused by a civil war . 
  ( post-independence , when we were basically trying to decide what kind of a state to start and there was a `` slight disagreement '' between the parties ... ) 1809 is a similar situation , though the details of the statistics back then are even more ambiguous as the real war was between sweden and russia . 
  * the higher levels in the early 20th century were at least partly related to alcohol prohibition . 
   a european ftfy, 
  you mean msn . 
  iirc , the service started again after the investigation of the crash was completed but it was n't profitable and they soon shut down for good . 
  the `` 18 minutes '' they advertised was a bit exaggerated too since that 's just the time in air .
