  under the gulf of finland you hit solid granite ( easy and cheap to tunnel through ) almost instantly , whereas e.g. 
  the english channel mostly has soft limestone which requires a lot more reinforcing . 
  10 + hours would be a good length for a night train . 
  they are nice for traveling since you can save on accommodation costs and usually be at your destination quite early to start the day without having to leave to the airport in the middle of the night . 
  depends on the ticket price , of course . 
  while we 're on the topic of languages , orava is finnish for squirrel . 
  the finnish system at least seems quite effective for reducing waste of all kinds . 
  [ about 95 % ] ( http://www.palpa.fi/beverage-container-recycling/beverage-container-types/ ) of all beverage containers are returned for processing -- except of course the estonian ones which half the country seems to make boat trips for since they 're so much cheaper . 
  we could really use international standardization here . 
  skyscrapers are n't really necessary with our population . 
  it sure would be nice to see actual city getting built somewhere , though , including buildings taller than four storeys . 
  a few small towers in the mix could n't hurt . 
  work fine with 5-8 storeys and no huge parking lots . 
  yet nothing similar has been constructed after the wars . 
  there are naturally [ reasons ] ( http://www.antikvaari.fi/imagesproduct/1143_koti_vaiko_kasarmi_lapsillemme425.jpg ) for that but it feels a bit like nobody has told our planners and legislators that many things have changed in the past 60 + years . 
  pollution and overcrowding definitely were issues in dense cities back then . 
  now the bigger problem is that small villages and single-use suburbs are deteriorating -- both the buildings and the residents are aging , and there are n't enough customers left for services . 
  of course , the new government was largely voted in by those same aging residents so we 'll likely keep throwing tax money at them in a futile attempt to reverse the process ... 
  depends on the country . 
  in sweden it 's [ pretty big ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/melodifestivalen ) . 
  edit : and a total of [ 200 million viewers ] ( http://www.eurovision.tv/page/news?id=eurovision_song_contest_2014_reaches_195_million_worldwide ) for the final is definitely not insignificant either . 
  if it 's any consolation , i 'm usually stuck behind a cheap wifi router and only get like 30 mbps effectively . 
  but it 's nice when i need to download something big . 
  you might notice the image is hosted by speedtest.net itself . 
  i do n't quite have the skills or motivation to hack their servers ... 
  i do quite enjoy my [ student apartment ] ( http://www.speedtest.net/result/4316236560.png ) . 
  i need a recording of this . 
  finnish probably has the word with the most consecutive vowels , though : * riiuuy\u00f6aie * ( wooing night intention ) . 
  line breaks in an address can be indicated by commas . 
  that 's at least how it 's done here in finland and apparently in this case as well . 
  it makes sense in general . 
  finland should be lighter for now , then . 
  the new law will only come into effect in 2017 . 
  there are really just some suburbs you should keep out of . 
  coming over from copenhagen for a few hours is absolutely fine . 
  just to add another language , `` t\u0161ekki '' in finnish . 
  close enough . 
  yes and no . 
  this kind of stuff can happen especially on weekends , but probably not all of it in 2-3 hours . 
  otherwise it looks more like [ this ] ( http://im.mtv.fi/image/5784104/landscape16_9/360/203/44002090d1b91a05ca36a976ed6ce9c1/xg/pirkkoniemi1.jpg ) on the ferry . 
  mongolia is one of them , as noted elsewhere in the thread . 
  apparently they were `` trialling '' visa-free travel for a number of countries but for whatever reason that ended at the end of 2015 . 
  the feeling is mutual . 
  many helsinki residents would equally prefer not to suddenly be in the minority when it comes to voting about those urban dreams . 
  ca n't we at least have one real city in this country ? 
  the property prices in central helsinki are enough indication that there is demand for a lot more of it for now . 
  well , at least you have a clear opinion on the matter ... how exactly , pray tell , is this different from how the current countries of ( especially ) usa and germany came into existence ? 
  both were originally loose collections of independent regions with their own identities . 
  few would claim they are n't better off today as federal unions , despite past problems . 
  the world is increasingly globalized so at least in my view it makes perfect sense to decide common matters ( e.g. 
  defence , international trade ) in ever larger units . 
  yes , it could be organized better , but that will always be the case . 
  what makes the alternatives superior ? 
  edit : typo, 
   and the idea of `` eu citizenship '' is fucking abhorrent . 
  how can you be a citizen of a supranational organisation , it makes me sick . 
  quite simply , you can be a citizen of a country which is part of that organization . 
  and there are places in the world where this is already the case to some degree . 
  for instance in bavaria , most people have a strong regional/national identity , yet officially they 're just german citizens and mostly happy to represent germany abroad . 
  not to even mention usa , which sort of has this idea even in the name ... and , um , the `` united kingdom '' . 
  this is n't conceptually much different from e.g. 
  me as a finn being merely `` european '' outside the union . 
  within it i should have the same rights for travel , healthcare , etc. 
  everywhere regardless , so why would it really matter what a piece of paper says ? 
  obviously we 're not quite there yet , but i see no issue with eu citizenship in principle . 
  obviously , nobody wants to be closer to turku than they absolutely must . 
  that 's uk . 
  this was only england . 
  there 's a difference ... for now at least . 
  social liberalism . 
  people are free to do whatever they want as long as it does n't harm others . 
  practicing religion in principle does n't . 
  helsinki already has dozens of churches , throwing in a mosque or two would only be fair given current demographics . 
  ( this is also my personal view , and i voted green . ), 
  sadly islam seems to be more prone to extremists who actually are harmful , but then again i 'm not sure how much it helps anyone to push them underground to private homes and community spaces . 
  may i introduce you to the `` democratic people 's republic of korea '' ? 
  names do n't mean much . 
  it is most certainly a concern for other fields as well . 
  but in transportation , the workers and equipment are constantly on the move regardless , almost by definition . 
  it 's thus much more susceptible to such action and disruption . 
  driving a truck across a border takes zero extra effort compared to staying within a country , whereas in manufacturing you have to make a pretty significant investment in facilities and recruitment first . 
  one issue is that different countries can have very different costs for doing business , especially salaries . 
  in europe , there are still some pretty striking contrasts along the former iron curtain -- for instance , in germany the average salary is over 3x as high as in neighboring poland . 
  without any restrictions , a company could just hire workers in poland and assign them to routes in germany , putting the competing germans out of business . 
  that is of course how a free market works , but there would be a lot of harmful consequences in the short/medium term . 
  it stops where the platform is , and people queue up at the front door for boarding . 
  but we 're not going to wait several minutes in such close proximity to each other . 
  personal space above all . 
  when not possible physically , we still try to honor it mentally -- the concept of `` awkward silence '' does n't really exist here , it 's more like `` respectful silence '' . 
  smartphones and earbuds help with it nowadays . 
  if you want to socialize , you do n't do it with random strangers but go to places where people come for contact . 
  or if you really want to do it , try to make it obvious that you can be approached , but be aware it 's the exception and not the norm . 
  all stereotypes have some kernel of truth to them because otherwise nobody would 've thought of them to begin with . 
  but it 's pretty safe to say none of them are always true . 
  mostly they 'd be ignored . 
  in the sauna it 's impossible to get an accidental boner anyway , the body needs all available blood to expel heat . 
  same in finnish ( e.g. 
  \u0161akki = chess ) . 
  they tend to get replaced with sh/zh though , since nobody knows how to write them on a computer . 
  a step closer to world peace , i 'd hope .
