  should n't even normal economic fluctuations make this gain invisible [ * ] ? 
  also the word `` liberalisation '' is used very often and left mostly undefined . 
  it sure reads like they want to get rid of as much regulation as possible , but in a time where the environment is an increasingly important issue i do n't know if that 's the sensible way to go - but what they exactly mean is not stated . 
  next it 's time to get some contra points . 
  i found this [ -  youtube video < - ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l9inpbs98cs ) which is obviously anti-ceta as the description states : `` the video is narrated by maude barlow , alternative nobel prize recipient and anti-globalization leader . 
  barlow is also an acclaimed author and chairperson of the council of canadians . 
  it is based on her report : fighting ttip , ceta and isds : lessons from canada . '', 
  the video draws parallels with nafta ( is this warranted ? ), 
  and the promises it did n't deliver on ( citation needed ) and seeks to highlight the danger of arbitration courts . 
  it mentions a case where canada wanted to restrict a chemical , `` mmt '' suspected of being a neuro-toxic , and was sued by ethyl corporation successfully for 10.2 million $ . 
  i looked up that case and found [ -  this recount < - ] ( http://www.cela.ca/article/international-trade-agreements-commentary/how-canada-became-shill-ethyl-corp ) on an environmentalist homepage , which pretty much confirmed it . 
  since this seemed biased i also [ -  searched for this < - ] ( http://www.international.gc.ca/trade-agreements-accords-commerciaux/topics-domaines/disp-diff/ethyl.aspx?lang=eng ) , an official recount of the case on a government homepage . 
  here it states that canada was n't `` sentenced '' to pay ethyl corporation , but settled with them ( does n't state for how much , that 's probably the ~ 10 million $ ) after a canadian federal-provincial dispute settlement panel ( ? 
  ) , launched by three canadian provinces under something called the `` agreement on internal trade '' ( ?? ), 
  found something wrong with the initial law banning mmt . ( ??? ), 
  so i do n't know what the hell this means and i briefly pondered to try to untangle this and really find out what went on , but i refuse to go down that rabbit hole . 
  also at this point i noticed i 've spent about an hour on this , and looking back i realized how muddled all of this information truly is . 
  my current thoughts on ceta are thus : looking at projected gdp growth it just does not seem worth the risk . 
  i just ca n't really quantify how much the eu exposes itself to lawsuits from corporations with this trade agreement , or how much impact this risk will have on government policies in the future . 
  should the austrian government refuse to sign ceta ? 
  yes , but * only * if many other countries also refuse . 
  we can not be one of the few who stand against this because at the start of the negotiations we approved the outline of this agreement and we approved every step of the negotiations the eu has made . 
  refusing now at the end would damage our reputation too much , so i think we can only stand against this if we find other countries which will do the same . 
  this took an hour to write , i hope it does n't take an hour to read . 
  [ * ] i 'm not well informed on this so my statements have no well grounded basis . 
  well , sanctions that noticeably damage austrian economic interest are n't the best way to solve problems . 
  ( say austrians , understandably i think ) apart from that when we say `` we need you to do ` that ' . '', 
  and the other side does n't respond to this , and might even have contrary goals , what other options other than sanctions are there really ? 
  ( assuming that we need ` that ' thing to happen , and there 's no way around that need ), 
  members of the habsburg family were banned from running for president until the law was changed in 2011 - so nothing stands between us and a new kaiserreich today !, 
  public transportation in vienna is quite capable - you do n't really need a car to move around here . 
  nationwide the situation is ok as far as i can tell . 
  but i do n't know if this will stay that way . 
  a couple years ago they privatised one single route ( vienna < -  salzburg , i think ) which i just never understood , because * why * would you privatise * only * those routes that are profitable ? 
  is n't that immensely stupid ? 
  if the whole thing is in public hands you can take the profits from the routes that work well and keep the other routes afloat ( which you * have * to do , people need those trains to go to work and earn a salary from which they pay taxes - you want that to happen as the tax collector ) . 
  but if you privatise all routes that work , someone just keeps the profits and you need to redirect additional public funds to the less frequented routes . 
  so the national train company will just always be in debt and investments will diminish . 
  in addition they will constantly have to beg for more money which will make the whole thing look like a failure to the electorate . 
  maybe someone here can make all this seem like a good plan ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  ( translation : `` ten tame goats towed ten zentner sugar to the zoo . 
  it 's very endearing but hard to take serious - it just sounds so droll . 
  so they did the [ east thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name_of_austria ) to you guys too ? 
  those damn germans ... 
  good point , seems like they end around 26th of december . 
   conventional bombing took much more lives in ww2 than the 2 nukes . 
  since conventional bombing was done on a much bigger scale ( both tonnage wise and over a way longer time frame ) , comparing the absolute numbers really is not a good argument . 
  if you can , then in the future you should probably proof read the stuff you write before submitting it . 
  other than that , the atom bomb was not meant as punishment - so what japan ` did ' really is not all that relevant - the reason given for its use was to bring a swift end the war , especially to avoid prolonged fighting . 
  some claim that japan was already ready to surrender , but that the intent was ill communicated and/or not understood by the usa , and so the use of the atom bomb was not justified . 
  let alone the use of two bombs , where one demonstration should suffice . 
  hard to judge from where i am sitting . 
  it was a fairly long time ago and japan itself seems to have found closure on this . 
  vienna has various christmas markets to explore in winter and it is also quite known for music ( but more for classical music , do n't know if that 's your thing ) . 
  on the flip side some people find it ` boring ' at night because for a city of two million inhabitants it has a comparatively benign party scene , and it gets pretty quiet at night in most areas in the city . 
  oh , and sadly i ca n't promise you that we will have a lot of snow - you 'd have to go further north to be reasonably certain of that , i think . 
  if this sounds interesting check out [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rximqv7lndc ) for more info , i think it 's reasonably accurate . 
  seems to me to be the worst possible answer . 
  really shows why the proliferation of nuclear weapons , and weapons of mass destruction , should be prevented wherever possible . 
  of course it also shows the value those weapons have for people like kim jong-un . 
  it 's perfectly rational for him to develop nuclear weapons since it is practically his only shot at surviving and staying in power at this point . 
  i 'd say their contributions in philosophy and mathematics were enormous - i am less certain about fields like biology and zoology . 
  it does n't ` feel ' like they made lasting great strides there , but maybe i 'm just too ignorant in those fields . 
  their approach to physics , and science in general , was very much hampered by their philosophical ideas about the ` nature ' of things . 
  experiment did n't hold the same status as it does in modern science - where it is the ultimate arbiter of ` truth ' . 
  my impression is that the general believe that the gods made the cosmos in a kind of ` perfect ' way , very much coloured what they perceived when exploring the world . 
  so when they tried to explain their observations in nature and correlate it with their various philosophical ideologies those two things did n't fit very well and they always made their observations fit their ideology . 
  i think this is why physics did not really get off the ground - they broke its wings in a way . 
  i have n't devoted much time to studying history though , so could be those impressions are wrong . 
  one of our political party 's uses the slogan '' \u00d6sterreich zuerst '' ( = `` austria first '' ) for the coming election , they poll quite high too ... so i 'm gon na say * no * . 
  honestly , i only encounter ` think tanks ' in the anglosphere , i do n't think we really have a term for that . 
  i think credible studies ( i.e. 
  those that are used for public discourse ) are primarily done by universities and not by ` dubious ' organisations with perhaps unclear credentials/goals/agendas . 
  still , maybe i 'm wrong and our ` think tanks ' are just well hidden . 
  on trump : i can not understand how anyone watching a 10 minute interview with him could believe he should be potus . 
  or that he should even be in a position of responsibility anywhere for that matter . 
  just * listen * to him ` answering ' basic questions . 
  on north korea : clearly the regime is guilty of many crimes and ` evil ' . 
  still , i 'm certain the few people in power ( including ` dear leader ' un ) are interested in staying alive and maintaining their power . 
  so this is why it is perfectly rational for them to build nuclear weapons - as a deterrent . 
  if they did not have weapons of mass destruction ( they had biological and chemical weapons now for decades ) the regime would probably already be ended by the international community . 
  so while they may posture and threaten armageddon on anyone criticizing them ( chiefly amongst those people the usa ) , their true goal is ` survival ' - and not the annihilation of the usa . 
  of course , someone like trump is exactly who you * do not want * to deal with a situation like this . 
  on america in general : there are a lot of americans i admire , and a lot of them are people from the scientific community . 
  hearing old speeches from jfk really make me believe that the usa , for a time , * was * as close to embody the ideals of freedom , justice and equal opportunity as you can expect any country to come - gaining the true respect of the international community and leading parts of the world to becoming a better society to live in . 
  but this is not what the usa ever was in my lifetime . 
  since the 2000s when i started to pay attention to politics , all i observed ( granted , from far away ) was a decline in the social framework that should bind a nation together and multiple ill-reasoned wars . 
  the way you portray yourself when you bomb the nth country in a row into rubble really is something else . 
  all your media is out there showing your ` glorious war machine ' and someone on a podium holds another empty speech about freedom and democracy . 
  it really has a surreal vibe at times . 
  just sit down at the table with those you have a problem with , and us others as support and use your damn brain to solve problems . 
  and any problem you can not solve with your brain you can always walk away from , you do not need to smash everything around you just to show that you can . 
  wow , this is already way too long so i 'll leave it there . 
  it 's also very focused on the negative , and i hope no one takes my criticism as a personal insult . 
  lastly , i really wanted to mention climate change because that 's a huge issue that could really need some * global leadership * ... know anyone that could be up to the job ? 
  not really a monster , but my parents told me that ` nikolaus ' ( brings ` gifts ' - it 's complicated - celebrated on 6th of december , model figure for santa claus ) had a list on which all the deeds i 'd done during the year - good and bad - were written , and that he would decide on the basis of this what kind of ` gift ' i would get . 
  very seldom during the year they 'd remind me that i should keep ` the list ' in mind . 
  that i supposedly did n't have any secrets before him terrified me . 
  the ` capital ' for the eu would definitively be brussels in my mind .
