  can anyone , who has a deeper knowledge of maritime law in international waters , give some input ? 
  all i know is the right-before-left thing , but how this works when responding to a rescue call and with military/police vessels , i do not know . 
  edit : seems this may not have been in international waters . 
  they were in international waters . 
  edit : i 'm not rendering judgement on right and wrong here , just trying to keep the facts straight . 
  ngo 's play a role but you should remember what ` non-governmental organization ' means . 
  laying their deeds down at the feet of other countries governments is , i think , disingenuous . 
  what do you mean ` the job of everybody ' ? 
  they 're in a shitty situation but it 's not like italy decided to heroically ` step into the breach ' , it 's more like it sadly is one of the most affected countries because of geography . 
  this does n't mean we should leave italy alone , but if the plan is to go around and tell every other country ` you owe us ' then i would suggest you use better diplomacy because i do n't think that will be received too well . 
  yeah well , our politicians saw how those pictures in 2015 of rows upon rows of people wandering unsupervised by authorities along the highways resonated with the broad electorate . 
  most people i spoke to about this felt uneasy about the ( at least perceived ) loss of control - no matter their general attitude towards aslyum seekers and migration . 
  elections coming up in autumn too , so expect the austrian government to take a pretty hard line when it comes to crossings at the border . 
  sadly it does n't really matter to politicians at this point if it is constructive or not to think about border checks to italy in public , they want to signal to the populace that they have ` understood ' its concerns . 
  what 's really needed is a * clear and shared * strategy that addresses the matter of migration . 
  i think many people no longer want to ` muddle on ' and wait for a lightning strike to bring new ideas . 
  the general feeling is perhaps best described by : `` do something . 
  * anything * . '', 
  edit : added the last couple of sentences . 
  yes 4 [ pandur radpanzer ] ( http://www.pandur.at/pandur/panzer/pandur1.jpg ) , their main use would be to barricade the road and block it if it has to be done fast . 
  the police use them for the same mission scenario . 
  ( also , ` army ' naturally includes vehicles and is not just composed of infantry ), 
  the defense ministry never functions as a stepping stone , it 's more like ` deep storage ' . 
  oh yes boys , time to order some tea via ships . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're aware - from what you said i assume you are n't - but those ` free trade agreements ' are * very much about various regulations and guidelines * for the industries ( or financial markets , depends what it is about exactly ) of each country , not solely about tariffs . 
  however the goal is not to make everything ` identical ' ( the countries are often very different after all ) so much as to make things compatible . 
  * `` now the bourgeoisie made many rings ; but secretly the proletariat made one ring to rule all the others , and the power of the other rings was bound up with it , to be subject wholly to it and to last only so long as it too should last . 
  and much of the strength and will of the people passed into that one ring ; for the power of the bourgeoisie-rings was very great , and that which should govern them must be a thing of surpassing potency ; and the proletariat forged it in the mountain of subversion in the land of moscow . 
  and while they wore the one ring they could perceive all the things that were done by the means of production , and they could see and govern the very thoughts of those that seized those means . '' *, 
  colour always makes it so much more ` real ' . 
  have you thought about the possibility that trump is n't playing an idiot , but simply is an idiot ? 
  because i 'm afraid that that is my assessment . 
  i think a heatwave is a much poorer argument for man-made climate change than a look at the rise in the average of the global temperature coupled with the mechanisms that have been discovered and can explain it . 
  the latter argument is already available to everyone . 
  it 's pretty much impossible to prove whether this specific heatwave would have occurred without climate change . 
  at the rate we 're going they will be able to test their hypothesis about the tenfold increase in similar heatwaves in the coming years . 
  should be a pretty neat graph . 
  but graphs do not hold any substantial sway over government action , i think we can safely say that by now . 
   proper state ... 
  yes , but account movements would still be visible and easy to correlate . 
  just saying . 
  they can shut down their search engine if they want , my point is that all of us have a right to a fair marketplace . 
  when they use their monopoly to unfairly promote other businesses that they also happen to own then this is something we need to stop . 
  if i use google i expect to find the most relevant results to my search , and not to be given results simply because they make money for google . 
  with the position google now has with its search engine it would be easy for them to push others off the market . 
  if you do not see anything wrong with this then we will have to disagree , but to me it is clear that this is anti-competitive practice by using their monopoly on search engines . 
  this works to the detriment to all others but google , and the eu has made it long clear that it will not accept anti-competitive behaviour . 
  edit : i just want to point out that one way to resolve this in the past would have been to have google ( or better said alphabet ) split their search engine from their other businesses . 
  it is the interconnectedness of the different businesses that are tempting anti-competitive practices . 
   the operators of the 2,000 megawatt plant later apologized on facebook , and said all finalists were offered an internship . 
  clearly that makes up for it , since all woman who were willing to dress in a bikini and get in front of a camera ( and were pretty enough to get to the finals ) now got something out of it . 
  what a joke . 
  are n't they # 1 in about every positive metric about a country there is ? 
  plus their tv shows are pretty good . 
  interesting music too . 
  any source to back that up ? 
  maybe they buy american because it is cheaper and/or better . 
  \u00dc would be ue and not eu , but the effort you made is still a valiant one and i like it . 
  i do n't use a bicycle in the city because the close cars freak me out . 
  they 'd have to separate the bicycle roads from normal traffic with building measures before i 'd even consider it - like they often do in the netherlands . 
  good luck to you as well . 
  driving fast by a row of parked cars is normal in the city i live ( [ example , look on the right side ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-5ruxx0lohvy/wa3nkvaxhai/aaaaaaaavbs/kquhnmkfr3ejodu0vts0pjy0yngkipyiqclcb/s1600/radstreifen%2bauto%2b.jpg ) ) . 
  so it 's maybe unlucky to hit someone when just throwing open a car door but it does n't require any ` wrong ' behaviour by the cyclist , and it 's normal to be so close to the parked car . 
  not wearing a helmet would almost certainly result in being assigned partial ( legal ) fault by the justice system . 
  ( at least in austria ) opening a door in a careless manner which results in the death of another person is everything but a ` freak accident ' , and punishment would only be light when you contrast it with the fact that a person died - it would not be just a slap on the wrist and a warning . 
  ( maximum one year prison or a fine of maximum 720 day 's rates ), 
  we 'll never know what exactly happened since they had to close the investigation . 
  it 's entirely possible the cyclist has no fault at all . 
  the whole situation is infuriating . 
  it is you though , who brought them up . 
  maybe it is unwise to bring up nazis in an analogy that does n't work that well , and where people then feel compelled to state it in their own terms . 
  just saying i think you are being unfair here . 
  [ this guy 's account ] ( https://twitter.com/bbcnewsnight/status/875310328170631168 ) shows and explains some of the anger that is being felt . 
  anything that you have learned during this trip you 'd wished you would have known from the start ? 
  which cities make the top of your list for a return visit ? 
  bureaucracy strikes again - when will the horror ever end ? 
  that 's a nice nuanced view and that bit of extra info would fit well into your original post . 
  sure , but i routinely strap a bomb to my torso . 
  ps : is that a joke that will get me on ` the list ' ? 
  how boring . 
  i could never enjoy a ride in a vehicle were my li ~ ~ v ~ ~ fe is n't dependant on one of a myriad possible catalytic effects not occurring . 
  edit : spelling, 
  it gets pretty obvious once you look at the dark side of the earth though . 
  i do n't think that this is true , it would hurt the poorest people the most because they just have the least amount of opportunities and nothing to fall back on . 
  hurting these countries economically will also increase pressure to migrate . 
  but i 'm pretty sure we will bring up money in talks with countries effected by migration . 
  i 'd imagine that this is what is taking time . 
  negotiation . 
  he floated a similar idea a couple months back , as his peers pointed out at the time the core problem with it is that egypt and tunisia are not on board with ` resettlement camps ' in their countries , so currently this plan is a no go . 
  or maybe when tenders are invited we should give more attention to claimed costs and time frames , and with what considerations those estimates are arrived at . 
  in the constant struggle to pitch the better offer everyone likes to be ... let 's call it ` optimistic ' . 
  i do n't think annex is the right word here . 
  to me it implies taking it without permission , but then again i 'm not a native speaker . 
   turkey 's gross domestic product ( gdp ) growth rate increased by five percent in the first quarter of 2017 compared to figures in the same period last year , data from the turkish statistical institute ( t\u00dc\u0130k ) showed on june 12 . 
  i 'm confused . 
  the headline makes it sound like the economy ( gdp ? ), 
  increased by 5 percent . 
  but the quote says that the '' ( gdp ) * growth rate * increased by five percent '' . 
  if the ` growth rate ' was , for example , given by -1,00 % ( meaning a shrinking economy ) , and now it would be -0,95 % ( somewhat less shrinking ) would we call that a growth rate increase by 5 % ? 
  this is just a thought experiment i have no idea what the actual numbers are .
