  it 's only some officers i saw in an extended interview who impressed me with their conviction that iraq can be a great place to live in the future , and who seemed rather competent . 
  of course this was only a couple of people . 
  i do n't have a lot of intimate knowledge about the middle east , i 'm aware of that and my views are n't set in stone . 
  i do n't like how pervasive religion is in many places there . 
  if the people living there want that then it 's none of my business , i have the feeling you do n't get to choose if you want to take part in this though and that is where my problems with it stem from . 
  the political landscape and how ` cutthroat ' the countries act against each other is also appalling to me . 
  i feel sad for the people whose lives are impacted by all the instability . 
  also the way religious organisations in europe get funds ( and directions ) from some middle-eastern countries , and what they do in europe , is something i strongly oppose . 
  the landscapes coupled with the history are probably my favourite thing there - things like petra i find wonderful . 
  the [ islamic golden age ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_golden_age ) and its achievements are very impressive to me . 
  i found out that the name of ' [ algorithm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algorithm ) ' stems from the persian mathematician [ al-khwarizmi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muhammad_ibn_musa_al-khwarizmi ) ( specifically the latinized version of his name ) which is how i first encountered the islamic golden age on wikipedia . 
  i also have a lot of respect for people who want to improve the situation there , like some members of the iraqi police and military , and also other leaders who speak up and take charge to change something to the better . 
  okay , so they do not fit your personal definition . 
  still , many others would call them ` far right ' . 
  this is one of the reasons the left/right thing does n't work in my opinion - it 's far too subjective and muddles discussions . 
  they occupy the right edge of austria 's political spectrum , so they are our ` far right ' . 
  additionally they fit many characteristics listed [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/far-right_politics ) , and so i think you can call them ` far right ' in an international context . 
  i have to say i 'm generally opposed to the widely used left/right spectrum , but since it is what people like to use i can hardly avoid it . 
   1 ) is europe moving to the far right ? 
  -- some transition towards the right is happening but i see no chance for an actual far right party to come into power . 
  definitions on whether a party is actually ` far right ' may differ but there 's a good chance that after our elections in the fall austria 's ` far right ' ( many english speakers would use this term for them ) party , the [ fp\u00d6 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_party_of_austria ) , will form a big part of the government . 
  by [ ' a couple of ' ] ( http://dict.leo.org/englisch-deutsch/einige ) i did n't mean merely two . 
  as long as it is the authorities who estimate how long it takes for a roi ( plus a nice profit as incentive ) i 'll also be fine with two decades . 
  [ what could go wrong ? 
  ' 1 sec of google ' results in zero understanding of the matters at hand . 
   the study , produced jointly by the center for food safety and the save our seeds campaigning groups both anti-gmo ngos , this does n't mean they are wrong but you should take their ` study ' with a healthy dose of skepticism . 
  this ` study ' is called merely a ` report ' a couple sentences later - anyone can write a report and there are n't any rules as to what is a good report ( contrary to studies which are supposed to have standards ) . 
  the link provided to the report also does not lead to it , so who knows what they have done exactly . 
  if you follow up on lawsuits against farmers by monsanto they turn out to be reasonable lawsuits and not monsanto suing the hell out of innocent farmers just because they can and are evil . 
  even the case cited by the article provides that much insight :  the bowman case has come about after the 75-year-old farmer bought soybeans from a grain elevator near his farm in indiana and used them to plant a late-season second crop . 
  he then used some of the resulting seeds to replant such crops in subsequent years . 
  because he bought them from a third party which put no restrictions on their use , bowman has argued he is legally able to plant and replant them and that monsanto 's patent on the seeds ' genes does not apply . 
  -- i 've found this article called ' [ the patent landscape of genetically modified organisms ] ( http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2015/the-patent-landscape-of-genetically-modified-organisms/ ) ' which provides an , i believe , objective and brief overview to the situation . 
  it also points out one glaring legal issue :  while monsanto has not sued farmers for merely possessing contaminated crops in their fields , there is nevertheless a legal loophole . 
  are you infringing a patent by selling your soybeans that contain a minor amount of contaminating roundup tolerant seeds from your neighbor 's land ? 
  are you infringing a patent by replanting those seeds ? 
  while you do n't intend to use or sell monsanto 's crops , intention is not material to patent infringement . 
  all that matters is the mere existence of monsanto 's crops in your harvest . 
  to avoid having its public image further jeopardized , monsanto promised that they would not sue farmers whose crops inadvertently contain less than 1 % of their patented crops . 
  however , this number is rather arbitrary and is not backed up by federal regulations . 
  further measures will need be taken to clarify the legal issues herein to prevent gmo companies from abusing their patent rights . 
  so , the current ( at least 2015 ) legal situation is not really satisfactory and should be made ` futureproof ' by the current administration in the usa - this does not mean that monsanto is making frivolous claims in legal courts currently . 
  i think the amount of work that goes into the development of a new crop warrants some kind of patent ( lasting a couple of years ) , but i would say that the possibility of the crops spreading to a neighboring field must be taken into account when discussing how a patent for a plant functions . 
  yeah , that sounds illegal somehow . 
  whenever you think about ` lording it over ' another country , just stop . 
  it reflects badly on you . 
  if you honestly want to have a discussion you need to slow down , make your points one by one ( without insults ) , and explain your thoughts in a coherent manner with a certain internal logic . 
  i 'd wish they made the way ` upper and lower case ' works similar to english . 
  i fucking suck at the way it works currently . 
  i think it 's meant to make the past sincere and more tangible - not really to entertain . 
  as long as you do n't go there to primarily ` have a good time ' , but as an opportunity to learn something it 's fine . 
  * that * guy again ? 
  can he get nothing right ? 
  hard to say without any concrete proposals . 
  i do n't think i can have an informed opinion on this right now . 
  however the increased military cooperation will be an easy way out if our government decides it does not want to deepen cooperation after all . 
  we are '' '' `` neutral '' '' '' after all ... then again maybe the military thing will stay a separate issue . 
  edit : added a bit more . 
  no no , i think he is asking for pictures . 
  they do all the little things wrong up north , i 've already given up on them . 
  only got the language ( almost ) right . 
  as a kid i was in a boy scout 's camp multiple summers in a row . 
  it was great . 
  sure we may not have the really vast open spaces of the usa but you can still get pretty isolated on mountain pastures or in some forests . 
  i 'm not sure how similar our boy scout 's are to the us however . 
   a series with landa as an antisemitic sherlock holmes . 
  hah , i 'd love to hear how that series pitch would be received by executives . 
  those guys hate controversial sounding stuff . 
  they would not necessarily contradict though ( just covering the same topic ) , it should be possible to just follow the more stringent ones . 
  i 'm curious though , what would be an example of global regulations imposed by the usa and the eu separately ? 
  i was under the impression that everyone was just regulating their own economic area , and for anything more we have ` free trade agreements ' . 
  edit : clarified first sentence . 
  i do n't think ` sue ' is the right word since it means ( at least to me ) that the eu will bring forth a lawsuit to a court of justice . 
  this is not the situation here , it 's more akin to a police officer giving you a speeding ticket , though the complexity of the case is obviously not the same . 
  bottom line is that what happened is that google got fined , not sued . 
  it 's practically a done deal and they pretty much have to pay . 
  enforcement wise it 's of course the eu itself which is responsible , they are the authority in the european economic area . 
  the vacuum in services a theoretical withdrawal by google from the eu would cause will in my opinion be relatively quickly filled by other companies , since it would be very clear what would be required by the market and how to fulfill those needs . 
  in many cases there are already competitive products available . 
  in any case i do not think google would decide to leave the european market , they just want to make a profit - which they will still be able to do . 
  what could result out of this is that google sees the european market as ` less friendly ' or something like that , which could impact allocated money for expansions and such things . 
  but as i said they are a business , which means that they primarily should want to do business . 
  of course they are going to complain . 
  a lot . 
  edit : added last paragraph . 
   getting more and more less common xd , what a funny phrasing . 
  would be perfectly good in german . 
  denglisch is a dog . 
  the first is probably one of the weaker tarantino films for me , but still very entertaining . 
  the other one is * the * wwii series to watch , there 's nothing better . 
  i just wish the pacific theater spin off was as good . 
  i understood a colony always as something pretty far away , somewhere you would n't really travel via land but would use a ship . 
  i realize i may have been mistaken . 
  not any more moral duty than to help any other country in need - but i have to admit that since austria was n't really in the colony game when it was all the rage , that maybe i lack some knowledge . 
  responsibility for me ends pretty much when the generation that was involved in whatever happened dies . 
  after that it would have to be a very exceptional situation for that responsibility to persist . 
  edit : clarified the first sentence . 
  he might be australian though . 
  edit : as to what to do , you could visit the major 1-2 cities of each country . 
  maybe some of your study colleagues would even visit one or the other city with you , at least in austria rail tickets for students are cheaper and not all that expensive to begin with .
