  that 's a really interesting observation . 
  there is a strong separation of work and off time here . 
  unless you know someone on a more personal level you would n't want to waste his work time by talking about nothing - presumably he wants to do his job , and you want to do yours . 
  of course it 's pretty hard to generalize stuff like that . 
  and persons who enjoy small talk ( even during work ) are n't * impossible * to find . 
  i do n't believe my hair colour is a ` learned trait ' - maybe you are working with a different meaning of the phrase ` learned trait ' , or need to be a bit more specific about what topic you are talking about . 
  the us was in a very unique position post ww2 , which it used successfully to help shape big parts of the world today , and currently is the ( pretty much ) unrivaled military superpower in the world . 
  which are things no european power ever achieved on this scale . 
  you can always try and explain the present in terms of the past but this often obfuscates the issue . 
  by searching for similar things you blend out , or declare not important , the differences of the past . 
  i do not believe the usa of today is reflecting a european power of the past in any deep , meaningful way . 
  no , i would n't think so . 
  someone is ` cool ' to you , if he/she leaves an immediate positive impression on you . 
  without really knowing this person you admire many of his/her traits . 
  i 'd sure like to see the numbers of this survey , the article is sadly devoid of data which leads me to believe it was just done in the vain of those ` twitter polls ' - which are mainly used to generate a talking point to have something to talk about , but are full of faults such as suggestive answers . 
  anyway the coolest people are australiens for sure !, 
  edit : poor americans getting hammered . 
  one important difference would be that clinton was herself deeply entrenched in those circles of the democrats the people were fed up with . 
  macron , as far as i understand , can at least plausibly claim to stand apart from those parties . 
  also ` likeability ' is an important trait for a politician and clinton had huge issues ( as has trump , of course ) with this in certain demographics . 
  i think macron has less of a problem in that regard , indeed even [ a sizeable edge over le pen . 
  ] ( https://newsexplored.co.uk/french-election-latest-poll-reveals-emmanuel-macron-is-the-most-likeable-candidate/ ) ( if someone has a better poll for this please share it , i admit this one kinda sucks . ), 
  of course predictions can be ` wrong ' . 
  but i want to stress that , for example , saying clinton wins the election 80 percent of the time means * just that * . 
  the other one will win 20 percent of the time ( or whatever the reasonable ` good ' predictions were ) . 
  this does n't mean the predictions were ` wrong ' in the demeaning sense i often read about it on the internet . 
  we just happen to live in the 20 percent world . 
  i do n't think our system is perfect but i do n't know what we should change in austria to make it ` better ' . 
  do you have any concrete changes in mind ? 
  sounds like you would want to have something completely different than a parliamentary democracy - which i think is still the best way to decide who gets to govern . 
  depends very much on the unit you get assigned to , and what kind of stuff they do . 
  i was a ` panzergrenadier ' ( ~ armoured infantryman ) which involved lots of driving around in an [ ifv ] ( http://www.army-technology.com/projects/ascod/images/new2.jpg ) and training/live-fire-exercising with the various infantry weapons ( assault rifle/machine gun/anti tank gun/pistol ) , we spent a lot of my time there in various exercises - which was exhausting but certainly not boring . 
  meeting that many strangers and having to live in a small space with them is also quite the experience ... i would n't call it enjoyable though , more ` interesting ' . 
  but it can happen that you are assigned to some bullshit company which does fuck all and so after basic training ( ~ 6 weeks ) you get bored to death . 
  or you are assigned as a driver somewhere and just drive a car from a to b to c . the quality of the nco 's and officers also varies wildly , so it is again a question of luck how many assholes are in leadership positions in your unit . 
  their number is never zero though . 
  of course there are those guys who just ca n't deal with being forced to spend 6 months in the army and who make everything difficult for everybody . 
  being lazy and argumentative , not doing their assigned duties properly . 
  i mean they do have a certain point but sometime you just have to suck it up . 
  hmmm ... `` sometime you just have to suck it up '' would actually be quite the fitting motto for the austrian army . 
  i 'm not exactly sure , but i suspect the referendum we had about the military ( i added some info to my previous comment about that ) has exhausted the issue of ` future of the military ' and people are just tired of hearing about it . 
  the previous debate left me with the feeling that the government itself does n't really know what the goals are that the austrian military should achieve so i guess the prospects of having twice as many recruits , what to do with them and the need for the accompanying infrastructure ( woman showers , woman barracks and so on ) are just problems they do n't want to create for themselves . 
  added to that of course the issue of forcing young people to do military service , which always had a bitter taste - so it 's better for the parties in power to avoid a public debate about mandatory military service for women entirely . 
  edit : added the last sentence . 
  there is n't really a debate at the moment . 
  edit : just to add a bit more background : we had a referendum about the military service a couple of years before which was about whether we abandon the mandatory service and create a military purely out of ` professional ' soldiers or if we keep it . 
  austria voted to keep it . 
  to a degree , sure . 
  i think political parties always want to have an identity and this is a part of that desire - i do n't think this is a new phenomenon . 
  finding compromises with others to be able to form a government is a big part of parliamentary systems in the first place , but if the parties who form the government ca n't compromise on many issues we would just vote others into parliament who could . 
  so we rarely see the kind of stalemate that seems to plague the usa so frequently - at least not concerning so many important issues . 
  you just have to follow through . 
  for example if you say `` behave or i 'll lock you in the basement for the next ten years '' then everyone here knows you are dead serious because it happens all the time . 
  i feel the definition of nationalism is a bit fuzzy , which makes discussing it difficult . 
  i think patriotism is a good thing but if you combine it with a sense of intrinsic superiority over other countries and the wish to isolate your nation from others it becomes nationalism . 
  a subjugated nation that fights off the rule of others is n't really an example of nationalism for me , but as i said i think it 's all a bit vague . 
  edit : corrected spelling error, 
  maybe it 's because no one who they see as holding some kind of authority over them actually calls for terror attacks . 
  hopefully erdogan wo n't put that particular theory to the test . 
  we are still a long way away from that , thankfully . 
   how do you look to the current world ? 
  `` this too shall pass '' . 
  the good times as well as the bad times . 
  i think 2000-2020 will be remembered as the time when we should have started fighting global warming in earnest - but obviously did n't . 
  i guess that 's why they hate it , lol . 
   daesh ( no need for full caps , it 's not an acronym ) ( ... ) [ daesh is an acronym of the arabic name for isil . 
  ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/daesh ) but i 've never seen it in all caps either . 
  i 'd say the police here sets a huge emphasis on deescalation , which means that as a cop you have to take a greater risk to yourself in many situations , requiring much more training . 
  ( and an able applicant in the first place ) also you should n't leave the behind the scenes stuff out of the equation - by that i mean everything to do with the trial , the prison environment and also what happens after . 
  this is actually where re-integration into society should happen for the criminal and if it does n't , then you now have a hardened criminal who will possibly do anything to not go to prison again , but who also has no real possibilities aside from a live of crime . 
  do the hitler salute in front of every historical building you visit . 
  austrians have a great sense of humour in everything relating to nazism , be sure to bring it up frequently . 
  that 's a pretty weird reply . 
  that is only allowed if they * stand still * in front of an * obstacle * like a red light . 
  you are not allowed to pass between them during slow traffic . 
  i think i have n't made myself clear enough . 
  you * can not * use ` vorfahren ' in many situations ( for example in slow traffic ) . 
  lane splitting would encompass a lot more than ` vorfahren ' does . 
  though i guess you could say ` vorfahren ' is a limited form of lane splitting if you want . 
  you ca n't drive between cars when they are moving for one . 
  edit : also you ca n't use ` vorfahren ' when the cars stand because of traffic congestion . 
  which means you can for example drive between standing cars to stand in the first row of an intersection with a red light . 
  it 's not lane splitting - but it 's the best we 'll ever get . 
  i think we do pretty well in the ` black comedy ' department . 
  ( mostly thanks to josef hader ) what we do a bit different is that a big part of the humour comes through irony and really devastating stuff can happen to the characters , which are not necessarily redeemed at the end and so it can make for a brutal end to a movie . 
  but we make a lot of shit movies too . 
  on some level it 's how we achieve distinction from you ( germany ) and grow in significance in our own eyes ( kinda like a big-brother complex ) . 
  on another level it 's because you 're stupid . 
  they might not act rational . 
  depends very much on china . 
  if you do n't get them on board , but do it anyway you could fuck up international relations with them for the next decade . 
  because china is a neighbour and has a huge army , they could actually occupy the area and provide manpower , resources and a plan for the future of the citizens of nk . 
  it will be a huge task with many pitfalls in any case . 
  are you trying to chat him up ? 
  is this about penises ? 
  i would imagine you could grievously injure or kill someone . 
  if the reload time you provided is correct , you could attempt to do this 120 times per hour . 
  we have a couple of bigger medieval pageants scattered throughout austria . 
  many people who visit them dress up and there are semi-professional groups that do performances - ` mock ' sword fights in armour , archery displays , performing a play or such things . 
  i do n't think we 're - enact ' specific historic events - even only medieval ones .
