  ` to ' a place ? 
  do n't you mean ` through ' a place ? 
  that would at least make sense to me . 
  what 's an ` illegal migrant ' ? 
  i think in most cases migration is legal . 
  if you compare the data sheets concerning refugee arrivals at [ greece ] ( http://imgur.com/vxxdr01 ) with those at [ italy ] ( http://imgur.com/pjcf5r9 ) i think the answer is yes . 
  just by looking at the nationalities of those arriving you can see that the refugees arriving at italy have a completely different makeup of nationalities than those arriving at greece . 
  i think that shows that the ones arriving in italy would have come ` migrant deal ' or not . 
  refugees are thus not merely rerouted . 
  ( i can only use this as an argument as long as there is no widespread lying concerning their nationalities , which i do n't think is the case because language differences should be pretty obvious - so someone should have noticed if that were the case ) also the `` estimated daily arrivals '' ( found at the bottom of the greece sheet ) have a sharp decline after the ` migrant deal ' , showing solid correlation with it . 
  edit : some formatting . 
  also just saw the article you took the graphic from - it comes to basically the same conclusion ... so ... have you read it ? 
  did n't you believe them , or what ? 
  from the article :  the european commission president , jean-claude juncker , has been forced to abandon an overhaul of flagship nature laws after an unprecedented campaign that mobilised over half a million people in protest . 
  anyone know junckers side of this ? 
  what deficiencies did he see in the eu nature directives ? 
  come on now . 
  can you honestly tell me you will never get on board a ship or boat to get somewhere ? 
  never find yourself in a flood in spring ? 
  never visit a swimming pool with friends , just to hang out ? 
  water need not be very deep for you to drown , it can be enough when you panic - which is more probable if you can not swim . 
  what child can know which circumstances it will face in live ? 
  swimming is a potentially live saving skill though . 
  very much conceivable that you fall into a body of water , or hit deeper water while just goofing around in a lake . 
  you 'd also have to add how much money they made from those actions which they were fined for . 
  that would actually provide perspective . 
  200 billion is just a number , without context it provides no insight at all . 
  that sounds like the fp\u00d6 alright . 
  they like controversy and emotion . 
  nuclear energy did n't really come up much , ca n't recall any discussion on it at all . 
  ( we do n't have any nuclear energy plants and voted in the 70 's to never build one ) i do remember temelin being in the austrian media a couple of years ago when there were some ( minor ? ), 
  incidents , questioning the safety and reliability of the plant , but i do n't think it 's an issue that 's currently on the public mind . 
  this is the austrian election thread , so people assume you talk about consequences of that election unless you are clear that you talk about something else . 
  communism is not a part of the green party here . 
  we have , or maybe have had - they could have disbanded themselves by now , a very small party called kp\u00d6 which is the party promoting communism in austria . 
  for austria it means that the daily political business is n't as shook up as it would be with a hofer win , and that the presidential role ( which is normally not at all involved in lawmaking ) will probably stay largely symbolic as vdb is much more of the traditional type when it comes to the president 's powers e.g. 
  as most before him he will use them seldom if at all and be more of a representative to other countries ( legally the president in austria can dismiss the government , something that hofer has touted as a possibility under himself ) . 
  for europe it means you can still reach out to some voters with a pro-eu message ( one of the cornerstones of vdb 's campaign ) and that , at least in some countries , people will go out and vote against the far-right if the rhetoric ( or proposals ) would go a bit far ( most vdb voters stated they wanted to prevent hofer as one of the main reasons for voting vdb ) . 
  for the world there are basically no direct consequences to this . 
  so here we can just go back to the kangaroo and the hitler jokes . 
  ps : shame sanders did n't make it overseas . 
  i thought he 'd be perfect for the job and after watching some old videos of him i really admire him . 
  logic is something philosophers have put a lot of thought into and i only wanted to point out that it 's possible to prove a negative . 
  so you calling him a dumb ass for demanding something you supposed impossible just seemed misinformed . 
  you are correct when you said that the burden of proof lies with the one that makes a statement , so overall i think you are in the right . 
  to disprove the stasi claim about merkel you could use [ an evidence of absence type argument ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evidence_of_absence ) , though i think just calling him a dumb ass for that claim will probably have an equal chance of persuading him that he is wrong than a well grounded argument . 
  also if you were to guess on the answer , since the possibilities are :  * true * false * unknown between true or false * being unknowable ( among the first three ) you 'd have a 25 % chance of being right ( 33 % if you can rule out ` unknown between true or false ' by doing enough research , something very tricky to proof to have done ) , not 50 % . 
  logic is a very cool and interesting subject , you can find loads about it on wikipedia . 
  not true . 
  i could say a box contains no green beans . 
  then i show you the contents of the box . 
  huzzah - no green beans . 
  and so a negative is proven . 
  edit : it 's true however that if a statement is * vage * it can not readily be disproven . 
  but it then also can not be proven satisfactorily . 
  all this seems to be 2 difficult . 
  really cool to see someone trying his hand at german . 
  hope you enjoy it !, 
  i myself always screw up gro\u00df / kleinschreibung . 
  sure , if you call things like disbanding government `` no real power '' . 
  now listen here mister ; it 's clearly an equal sign . 
  just use a white background !, 
  but we got this super cool and very imaginative flag . 
  or the year 2016 . it 's almost over . 
  yeah , costs twice as much though . 
  ended half an hour ago, 
  i think it 's only the rhetoric that has changed for the fp\u00d6 - not the fundamental goals of the party itself . 
  for example look at the answer to one of 14 questions from voters published at orf.at : https://www.instagram.com/p/bnxqfikaphw/ towards the end he states that one of the two issues that would lead to a referendum for him would be new eu-treaties that he finds objectionable . 
  i think that he basically sets himself up for a discussion about a referendum for leaving the eu later down the line because * something * about the eu has to change , even the eu leadership acknowledges this . 
  so new treaties are very much unavoidable and the fp\u00d6 could object to basically anything the eu proposes and demand a referendum . 
  hofer himself would then also push for one , and could point to this statement and similar ones he has made to say his eu stance was oh so clear all along . 
  * even * though he has the gall to sit in tv interviews and state that no one in the fp\u00d6 wants a ' \u00d6xit ' . 
  sorry if this is ranty , i just do not believe him - though i hope i 'm wrong about hofer and his party . 
  in austria we have a `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' policy . 
  works like a charm . 
  we can hopefully expect a government to prioritize other things over private companies profits . 
  i do n't claim to be certain of what 's going on , * you * said he had `` no influence at all '' . 
  i think that 's a bold statement to make . 
  as i said i think it is plausible that he is still well connected . 
  he also crops up every now and then and meets with top politicians in power , like he does [ here ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/energy/news/gazproms-schroder-holds-friendly-meeting-with-juncker/ ) with juncker . 
  of course i do n't know what he talks about in his meetings , but i think it is prudent to be wary and skeptic - that 's all i 'm advocating for here . 
  how do you know who he talks with behind the scenes ? 
  it sounds plausible to me that he is at least well connected . 
  such a person surely has a certain amount of potential for influence . 
  wait - it 's ` flour ' ? 
  oh man , i always thought it 's called ` flower wars ' . 
  makes it way less romantic . 
  what a let down . 
  honestly i 'm thinking a lot harder about this trade than i probably should . 
  we look pretty central to me . 
  how can we be sure though ? 
  we better re-animate his body to ask him . 
  still landlocked ... fuck ... 
  did the translator really translate truthfully ? 
  or did she spin it ? 
  yeah , the way i say it i would even write it as ` wiffzack ' with a ` ff ' - i just copied the way they wrote it in the dictionary in my original comment . 
  if germany insists on a fair trial , then i think there is a good chance she gets one . 
  i think maybe she does ` deserve ' to die , but i also think that germany is in a way obligated to at least ask if iraq wants to return her . 
  but if iraq says they want to try her there , then i think i am okay with that . 
  blitzgneisser ( bright kid ) is n't used as something positive ( as would be indicated in the dictionary ) , at least in vienna .
