  every time i heard it it was used sarcastically - as in the recipient of the ` compliment ' was actually quite stupid . 
   genetic warfare i think i know what you mean , but i really do n't think that word is appropriate . 
  i read that it is probable that we will see an influx of tropical species into the region since they are better adapted to higher temperatures , do n't know about algae though . 
  no one * wanted * the migrant crisis - including northern european countries . 
  it is actually unclear what it originally meant . 
  one of the habsburg emperors used ` a.e.i.o.u. ', 
  as a signature for buildings ( among other things ) constructed under his reign - so this is why it is inscribed in the military academy 's wall . 
  various interpretations exist for what it could mean . 
  ` alles erdreich ist \u00d6sterreichs untertan ( all the world is subject to austria ) ' is an internet favourite because it is so far removed from what austria is today , but connected to past aspirations . 
  others are ` austria est imperio optime unita ( `` austria is the empire best united '' ) ' , ` austria erit in orbe ultima ( `` austria will be the last ( surviving ) in the world '' ) . 
  ' , augustus est iustitiae optimus vindex ( the emporer is the best safeguard of justice ) and ` aller erst ist \u00d6sterreich verloren ' ( first and foremost austria is lost ) . 
  there are even more variations floating around . 
  personally i think it makes sense that originally it had a meaning rooted in latin , so that makes the ` world ruly ' interpretation less likely to be correct . 
  edit : i found out that ` all the world is subject to austria ' actually has a latin phrase that matches a.e.i.o.u. 
  sounds like a problem our very own ' [ a.e.i.o.u. ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a.e.i.o.u . ) ', 
  approach might solve , i wish people would just get aboard with it . 
  more like '' [ ich will ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eonsh3qlpbq ) '' . 
  i wish we could all sit down at a table and have a constructive discussion about all the issues . 
  do n't see it happening though , which i find disappointing . 
  we need a kind of class-action lawsuits in the eu too . 
  i think a commissioner brought it up recently - i hope it gets somewhere . 
  what happened with those that decided to not ask for asylum ? 
  do you think it is possible they went to another country and asked there ? 
  i do n't want to attack you with this , i merely want to point out that in my opinion the main point the original poster was trying to make was that they journeyed through different countries . 
  i get that you do n't want to be portrayed as a shuttle service , but i think your reaction is way overblown - he could have made an honest mistake , why not just correct him in a calm manner ? 
  edit : i found this [ article from the guardian ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/gallery/2015/oct/26/police-escort-migrants-through-slovenia-in-pictures ) ( `` police escort refugees through slovenia -- in pictures '' ) , which contains [ this photo ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/gallery/2015/oct/26/police-escort-migrants-through-slovenia-in-pictures#img-8 ) titled :  people leave brezice refugee camp in slovenia to board buses as they continue their journey north towards austria and [ this photo ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/gallery/2015/oct/26/police-escort-migrants-through-slovenia-in-pictures#img-9 ) , showing police escorting refugees titled :  a group of refugees walks towards austria from a camp in sentilj so it seems to me like slovenia did tolerate and , at least on occasion , aid refugees in their crossing through slovenia . 
  and just for the sake of completeness - austria did the same thing when refugees wanted to get to germany . 
  purchase and smoking age is 16 in austria - it is mostly 18 everywhere else in europe since at least the early 2000s . 
  i believe austria always lagged years behind germany when it came to regulations for the distribution of cigarettes . 
  also the partial ban on smoking in restaurants , bars and similar establishment was n't really enforced by authorities - a complete ban on smoking is coming in 2018 , again years after almost anyone else has done this . 
  the colours seem * very * off to me - but if this is how you like it best then who am i to judge . 
  beautiful landscape for sure . 
  i 'm curious - what did the austrians do ? 
  i ca n't really recall anything . 
  she is married though . 
  sounds like they 'd cross the legal line and be clear cut human traffickers at this point though . 
  if everyone closes their ports to ngo ships , what are the chances that they then will start bringing the rescuees actually back to libyan ports ? 
  well , it would surprise me if a lot of people here are ok with burning cars and damaging businesses . 
  as quick as you are to throw everyone who disagrees with you into the same group i hope you spare us the hypocritical outcry when someone inevitably does it to you . 
  did he say ` believe me ' a lot ? 
  that is how i like to rate how honest someone is . 
  if you speak german then you can read a brief interview with the guy who registered this ` protest march ' titled `` welcome to hell '' [ here ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000060845603/g20-brennendes-polizeiauto-ist-politik ) , where he answered some questions about it . 
  personally i think many of his statements appalling . 
  -- quick google translate for anyone else interested : 8,000 autonomists want to demonstrate against the g20 summit . 
  andreas blechschmidt explains why polizeiautos can burn and split windows standard : `` welcome to hell '' is the motto of the demo , which you registered for the thursday evening . 
  why so martial ? 
  blechschmid : because g20 with neo-liberal politics is responsible for hellish conditions in the world : famine , wars , economic problems , no adequate medical care . 
  that is why we want to make g20 here in hamburg hell . 
  standard : there are countless protest events during the summit in hamburg . 
  your demo is the most worrying of the police . 
  is this a satisfaction for you ? 
  blechschmidt : i find the problematic . 
  it is a deliberate escalation by the police . 
  the police president warns against violence and riots . 
  the intention is to demonize radical leftist protests . 
  this pushes our content into the background . 
  standard : how does your protest differ from others ? 
  blechschmidt : the autonomous spectrum does not recognize the state monopoly on violence . 
  we also have the deliberate break as a political means . 
  there we are , however , in the continuity to the student protests of 1968 and militant protests of the anti-nuclear power movement . 
  but it must not be confined to it . 
  for us demonstrations and rallies are just as much . 
  standard : hamburg is burning on your poster . 
  pretty harmless ? 
  blechschmidt : in politics , there is always also the struggle , and is led by many with drastic words . 
  this is a picture language , which should also express what . 
  there is no dog in the dog cake . 
  standard : is violence right for you at the demo ? 
  blechschmidt : it 's not okay for me to be harmed . 
  this is a clear consensus in the autonomous scene . 
  but in the face of the confrontation with the police , we are fighting . 
  there is also one with well-equipped forces , which in turn are not only equipped with a bouquet of roses . 
  standard : how does it look with material damage ? 
  blechschmidt : if it is a shop window of the deutsche bank , the content is related . 
  an empty burning police car is a militant action directed against the repressive police tactics . 
  this is part of our policy . 
  standard : there were riots at the g8 summit in rostock in 2007 , when the ecb opened in frankfurt in 2015 as well . 
  do you expect that for thursday ? 
  blechschmidt : that always depends on how the police behave . 
  if it does so as escalating as in the past days , when a demo of 300 people is accompanied by 1,000 forces and water guns , it does not help to reassure the heated minds . 
  our goal is not the confrontation , we want to put our concerns on the road . 
  but we will defend ourselves if the police are put into the demo or arrested . 
  standard : your site has announced the biggest black block of all time . 
  does this contribute to de-escalation ? 
  blechschmidt : getting dressed in black also has the reason to be less identifiable than the police . 
  this has been part of a self-conscious protest culture for 30 years , i do not have to distance myself from it . 
  standard : when did the demo work for you ? 
  blechschmidt : if we start as planned at the fish market and come to the exhibition center , to be able to say one day before the summit what we think of it . 
  instead of g20 , we want an international framework in which the affected people negotiate on the same level as the resources are distributed . 
  ( birgit baumann , 6.7.2017 ) - derstandard.at, 
  what 's so bad about a special court ? 
  would n't that be better than the current isds procedures , primarily by being more transparent on who appoints the judges and by being more open on legal proceedings ? 
  those sad , sad eyes ... 
  ohhhh yeah , shower all of europe with z\u0142oty . 
  thanks for looking this up . 
  i 'm mistaken then . 
  where do you have this info from ? 
  can you give me a link , i 'd like to know more . 
  yeah , i 'm as outraged by the ngo ship competing as most others here . 
  i 'm curious about the near collision situation .
