  also it 's not over yet because there are still creditors who did not take part in the deal last year and who could maybe sue again . 
  10 years and the hypo alpe adria just keeps on giving . 
  ps : could well be i got some details wrong , it 's a story that 's been drawn out over many years now . 
  so correct me if i 'm wrong somewhere or feel free to add relevant info i have missed . 
  it could happen of course , but the difference to biological processes is that we are very specific when writing a program , and that there is no mechanism akin to evolution at work here . 
  no significant amount of mutations taking place and getting refined by natural selection over time . 
  sure glitches happen but i do n't think it 's very likely you get something sentient suddenly emerging out of some few glitches that are n't developed upon . 
  let me put forward another theory that might explain her behaviour : she is an opportunist who primarily cares about gaining power and ` winning ' at the game of politics . 
  britain 's well being is only important in as far as this furthers her primary goals . 
  no need for conspiracy here , she is just a bit prone to miscalculation . 
  why would we make cars or ai sentient though ? 
  `` gosh , i really love that car i wish it would love me back just as much . '', 
  as if we 'd need a god to create a flood . 
  it 's already well in the works . 
  as i understand it ` personhood ' is a term with broad legal implications and i do n't think that when we considered those implications we had apes in mind . 
  so attaching all of that to another species is out of the question for me . 
  maybe we could call them something like ` non-human characters ' and define laws around that . 
  if an ape takes the stand in court and argues convincingly that he should be considered a person i would probably change my mind about it though . 
  i 'm glad that some things never change ...  just keep changing sides guys , it will turn out favourably eventually . 
  dude , we did n't stay outside because of our own choice . 
  we wanted to be ( the then just emerging ) germany 's boss , but like everything grand we austrians attempt ( outside of classical music ) we fucked it up . 
  or maybe better said we got one-upped . 
  god damn prussia - how do they always do that ? 
   is there any valid reason at all why , geo-politics aside , austrians would consider themselves to be more different from the people inhabiting germany than they consider themselves different from one another ? 
  a couple generations of being an independent country just forms identity , and austria really embraced that it was on its own because the alternative would likely have been russian occupation after ww2 . 
  everyone wanted to avoid that . 
  being german now would make things different , and in austria we do n't especially like things that are different . 
   saying nazsm is a racist ideology is also passing moral judgement on it . 
  it is only if someone beforehand passed moral judgement on whether racism is good or bad . 
  so at some point someone has to stand there and tell you that it is bad . 
  somewhere the concepts of what is ` good ' and ` bad ' have to come from . 
  at least in my time in school there was no ` ethics ' class . 
  is n't ` tschechei ' also often used ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/tschechien#im_deutschen ) claims it has a negative connotation though , so maybe it 's not a name that should be used . 
  i assume that in country b , since it at the start has no regulation , there would not be any rule in place which would prevent me to band together with others and formulate and then enforce regulations we can agree on . 
  so b sounds like the better place . 
  i 'd take a gun and some friends with me though - you know , to ` convince ' others of my sensible regulations . 
  but it also has to be said that even in country a , starting with all kinds of regulation , there 's always a way to break them and change what you want . 
  maybe it all depends more on the intentions of the people living in the respective countries than on anything else . 
  could be country a , with its inhabitants of regulation abiding citizens , would be the better place to live eventually when a balance has been struck . 
  edit : added the last sentence . 
  well kansas is smack in the middle of the country which helps with remembering it , so at least they got that going for them . 
  i hope that together they reach an agreement they can be happy with . 
  or at least live with . 
  i 'd support them both in this . 
  apart from that i think the situation is too complicated for me to decide who is `` right '' or even justified in their actions , out from the comfort of my home . 
  so it 's true what they tell us about swedish schools . 
  i for one welcome our new nerdy , semi socialist overlords . 
  if only they could be shortened into something that would roll off the tongue as easily as benelux . 
  i only got washington because i wrongly clicked on it before and found the location peculiar enough to be able to remember when it came up later , i was convinced it would be on the east coast . 
  i know i 'm not a geography buff , i also only got 86 % on the europe map , which is probably ` okay ' . 
  i would get the location of alaska , california , texas and florida for sure . 
  after that it probably would n't be pretty , i would have to guess a lot . 
  i would probably have done okay right after you had your election , with the map still burned into my retina . 
  pshhht , you 'll give the yanks stupid ideas . 
  like for example asking us to name the states of the usa on a blank map . 
  you see how this could backfire ? 
  this could compromise our position of authority on geography matters . 
  we ca n't even convince the usa that climate change is a thing that needs to be acted on . 
  i do n't see us having any success with this . 
  russia would probably demand an arm and a leg ( and the lifting of all sanctions ) just for a basic agreement here , but sure we could try . 
  edit : added parts of the last sentence . 
  might work if it 's just one country that refuses them , which is unlikely when you look at current positions to proposals like this . 
  if we sanction each other we stint european economic growth and introduce tensions into our community . 
  when you sanction a country it has to really hurt , otherwise i think the government will just benefit from the ` rally to the flag ' moment which will strengthen its position . 
  at the end of the day they will probably still refuse to take anyone , so you have n't solved your original problem , and also they 're probably looking for a way to get back at you now . 
  just to comment on your austria example : i think ( the largely symbolic ) sanctions lasted about 6 months , and you can read some of what they achieved -  [ here ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/368099 ) . 
  to sum it up it was an embarrassment for all involved and achieved next to nothing , so i do n't know why you think doing something similar is worth repeating . 
  yeah , it would make sense to do that . 
  most of the talk i heard was about ` providing liquidity ' or more slangly put ` pumping money into the system ' . 
  there is a kennedy quote which i think fits the current ` age of information ' , if i can call it that , pretty nicely . 
  `` the greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds . '', 
  we just hear about so many things going on , it is impossible to be informed on them all . 
  so we are more aware about those things , but at the same time more ignorant . 
  there is an agency of the eu that is tasked with overseeing banking regulation and stress-testing banks to ensure stability . 
  it is called the [ ` european banking authority ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_banking_authority ) . 
  they also have a mandate for :  investigating alleged incorrect or insufficient application of eu law by national authorities so the eu is also concerned with how nations implement eu law in their respective countries . 
  that it is primarily the eu which should be responsible for the banking system makes sense to me , because it is an international organisation . 
  a single country could not hope to regulate how banking works on an international level in any meaningful way . 
  the public perception about the fallout from the crisis sticks primarily to the eu because they said something akin to this : `` guys , we looked at it and we have to bail out the banks . 
  any alternative is worse , we just have to do it . '', 
  national governments of course shrugged and told the citizens that , well , the eu wants to do this so we should do this . 
  that it tastes sour when you give enormous sums of money to people who lost it mostly on their own should amaze no one . 
  and that anger and disappointment grow when the economy is doing bad despite all of that is also understandable . 
  what has the money we gave away bought us ? 
  nothing tangible . 
  it saved us from an invisible abyss that people that were n't that well liked or even known , assured us was underneath us . 
  it 's probable that giving away that money was the right thing - and had we experienced what would have happened otherwise we might be more supportive or even grateful for a difficult decision that those politicians made . 
  as it is many banks survived because of the tax payer , and when they now make a profit it is easy to think that the public should get a share of it - why do we have to join them in defeat , but get rejected in victory ? 
  - something along this line . 
  after all it was them that needed saving , now it is time for them to pay something back . 
  those are thoughts that can be very powerful , and stick to the mind , justified or not . 
  i think the eu needs to step up and communicate what it is they are doing , and why they do it . 
  and they need to utilize the national communication channels that are already in place to reach european citizens very directly , to avoid the message getting diluted by other interests . 
  ( e.g. 
  national governments , private media organizations ), 
  financial matters on a global or european scale are tough to grasp and since i 'm not a professional working in the field i really do not have much of a chance to accurately divvy up responsibilities of the 2008 financial crisis , and name those responsible . 
  of course this does n't bar me from forming my own opinion , but it is worthwhile to remember that it will stand on a wobbly foundation . 
  so far i 've come up with two reasonable ( i hope ) scenarios , which help form my opinion . 
  the first is that the 2008 crash was the result of bankers violating regulations that were in place .
