  i have grave concerns that the influence of corporations and various interest groups is much to high ( and so the trade deal helps primarily them , ergo the groups with enough money to hire lobbyists , to the disadvantage of many other voters in the eu ) . 
  the lobbyists push their agendas , they are right next door to our politicians and they meet them regularly . 
  as i said in the beginning there was practically no open discussion about issues during election year . 
  i do n't know which of my political representatives to hold accountable for things i do n't like . 
  now they do n't want this ceta deal to go through national parliaments - which is understandable because it probably would not pass through every single one . 
  but the reason for this rejection would be because our national parliaments can be held accountable for ceta , and so they are more considerate . 
  until i am convinced the eu-parliament would be equally considerate i do not want them to decide on far-reaching trade deals like ceta ( and also ttip ) . 
  in closing i want to say that i think the eu is overall a good thing , but it has a real problem in its relation to its voters . 
  a problem which needs to be addressed rather soon . 
  i hate this so much . 
  they negotiate god knows what in secret for years and then slam the whole thing on the table and demand a yes/no answer without the ability to change anything . 
  we have to swallow all of it or get nothing . 
  oh , and the answer to this deal better be yes or `` we lose credibility as a reliable trade partner '' . 
  the eu just seems so far away from its `` citizens '' , it makes me sad . 
  you are of course entitled to your own opinion , but i have to say i disagree about him being `` a simple minded autocrat '' . 
  just want to put some context to this . 
  he said that this is contingent on the stance the fp\u00d6 takes in relation to the eu . 
  hofer was moderate in this respect , but his party has been very anti-eu in the past with requests to change our currency back to the schilling and leaving the monetary union . 
  van der bellen clarified in many interviews that if the fp\u00d6 keeps this anti-eu stance he would not swear in a chancellor from them and also would not charge the fp\u00d6 with `` regierungsbildung '' ( = forming of a government , they could decide who forms government with them ) even if they should be the strongest party in the next election . 
  ( and so traditionally should be charged with this ) he said that should the fp\u00d6 adopt a more pro-eu line , he would no longer see a reason to hinder the fp\u00d6 . 
  he was much criticized for this , as you would imagine . 
  i personally think the fp\u00d6 is very destructive and not much of a dialogue can be had with them . 
  so the issues i have with them are not so much the party platform ( though there is much in there that 's crazy , in my opinion ) but the culture of dialogue they prescribe to . 
  hofer is in this respect something new for them as he is very calm and at least appears reasonable . 
  on the issue of migrants he said that this is a huge problem and acknowledged that there are people coming to austria who have no right to stay here because they came for economic reasons . 
  he also said that there are other people who flee from war and should be granted asylum and that he wants actions to solve the migrant problem be taken in concert with the rest of europe and not austria alone . 
  i really hope a rational discussion between european leaders can even be had at this point , there are so many emotions openly on display it worries me . 
  i agree on the need for a democratic reform of the eu . 
  actually i think this is a fundamental problem that has been overlooked or ignored for a long time now . 
  closed borders are no taboo for me , i 'd just like to see such action be taken in a concerted and coordinated effort across the eu , as part of a plan a majority has agreed on . 
  there are so many problems piling on top of each other , and i perceive so much bickering amongst eu members , it 's very disheartening . 
  you make some good points . 
  maybe that 's too idealistic but i really want a eu that works for europe , and brings the nations ( and therefore its people ) closer together . 
  leaving those nations on the outside alone in the migrant crisis is just not an option ( but currently many nations in the eu seem to believe it is ) that can work , and i admit that a workable solution has so far eluded us . 
  the deal with turkey can be not much more than a stopgap measure , in my opinion . 
  at the same time though , i do not believe that closing the borders would end the migrant crisis in the long run . 
  i think a true solution to this problem must involve many nations in europe . 
  as you can see i do n't really know what to do exactly . 
  i 'm just against closing the borders and pretending afterwards we 've fixed anything . 
  i disagree . 
  in my opinion diverging significantly from the wishes of most neighboring countries and the eu would surely isolate austria . 
  i 'll grant that a discussion can be had on whether this would be ultimately for the bad or the good of the country . 
  edit : also there was no talk of granting the eu `` more '' powers over our affairs . 
  not sure what you mean . 
  exactly . 
  also those positions have since been filled by the parties still in control of the current government . 
  this is slightly misleading as only some members of it stepped down . 
  you could also underline the one you want to vote for , or cross out the one you dont want to vote for . 
  also you can write whom you want to vote for.some other scenarios are also possible ... 
  there is a ruleset for this but to say it short : if the will of the voter is discernible , it is a valid vote . 
  look , of course the `` goal '' is to have zero bad stuff happening . 
  the reality is that there are people who are fleeing war and others who just want better living standards . 
  van der bellen has said that the former kind must be admitted , and he has stated that we have no obligation to take in the latter . 
  how exactly to decide in what category a refugee falls is the job of the parliament . 
  do you really think any political candidate goes into an election with `` open door , uncontrolled mass immigration '' ? 
  http://wahl16.bmi.gv.at/ edit : this is the website for the ministry of interior for this election . 
  he wants the migrant crisis to be solved on an european level . 
  and is against isolating austria . 
  there is still no official word from the ministry of interior . 
  they will announce who won this . 
  he is an austrian citizen . 
  that 's enough . 
  ( and over 35 years old ), 
  absolute nonsense . 
  this vote has been touted as some kind of signal for west-europe . 
  minister for interior to pronounce results in 15-20 minutes . 
  possible ? 
  well yes , pretty much anything is possible . 
  but highly unlikely . 
  edit : hofer 's party always claims fraud or at least that `` something is fishy '' if they lose anything . 
  they did so last year when vienna elected a mayor . 
  and have done so before that . 
  but it has never been true . 
  say some random guys . 
  hofer just said he wants to give his statement tomorrow . 
  van der bellen will give a press conference in about 90 minutes . 
  that 's 30 minutes after preliminary results will be in . 
  edit : results will be in even sooner than expected . 
  5-10 minutes is what i hear . 
  it does n't scream fraud to me . 
  the motivation is to make voting as effortless as possible . 
  wow ... just ... wow ... = /, 
  from the article : `` he went to the religious site as part of an official visit to the knesset in july 2014 . '', 
  this has also been shown as an embellishment . 
  the visit ( that probably took place ) was not in an official political capacity but more as a private meeting - but during interviews leading up to the election it was portrait as the former by mr. hofer . 
  why `` lie '' and call it official you may ask ? 
  personally i think he wanted this to look as positive as possible and so made more out of this visit than it was . 
  ( an official meeting in israel would mean something because hofer 's party is currently in very bad standing with israel ) this sounds so complicated for austrian politics , personally i think it 's really weird . 
  agreed . 
  ( trust us , we 're experts at this . ), 
  reminds me of the quote i perhaps most associate with the usa . 
  `` every nation , in every region , now has a decision to make . 
  either you are with us , or you are with the terrorists . '', 
  - george w. bush, 
  could we not turn into a mouthpiece for terrorists just because we want ` clicks ' ? 
  the huge `` breaking news '' with a quote from him really irks me . 
  i meant the censorship that facilitates a misleading impression about the female body . 
  but who am i really to judge . 
  well that 's a pretty horrifying state of affairs . 
  this is n't about us .
