  a motorcycle license is extra hassle and expense ( motorcycle theory test , 12h of practical lessons minimum , practical test , extra ` security training ' day after first year of owning the license ; this is about 1000 $ for something you 're probably not sure you even enjoy all that much when you start with your license ) . 
  i do n't see that many brand new motorcycles around vienna , but it happens - i think people like to buy used ones from vendors , generally those machines are in good condition and you get good value out of them . 
  favourite road so far was this strip of [ coastal road in croatia ] ( https://www.google.at/maps/dir/44.9913975,14.9011332/44.7969349,14.9014638/44.7116602,14.91909/44.5315226,15.0677494/44.4329687,15.2000568/44.2468401,15.5430849/@44.7890278,15.3007529,8z/data=!4m2!4m1!3e0 ) , you want to drive there when the seasonal wind is n't around though or it ruins your day . 
  edit : fixed link to google maps, 
  the former head of the greens , [ eva glawischnig ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eva_glawischnig-piesczek ) , who resigned a couple months ago . 
  i always thought she was a good person and an idealist , though i did n't much care about the green 's policies and general naivit\u00e9 and credulity to a fault . 
  * the question in the survey is not about race alone . 
  so this means it is not fully representative of what europeans think about race . 
  * this survey is much more representative of broad european views than reddit responses will be . 
  rocky mountains , yellowstone national park , grand canyon , mississippi and the great lakes spring to mind . 
  edit : man i ca n't believe i did n't think about the niagara falls . 
  he did withdraw from the paris agreement , and civilian casualties per month have quadrupled from 80 to 360 due to relaxed regulations of us armed forces when it comes to targeting airstrikes . 
  i think civilian casualties is a driver of terrorism , and also that climate change will let the refugee crisis we are currently in look like a joke . 
  this is just 6 months of trump . 
  additionally he introduced stresses and uncertainties into nato and has left many diplomatic posts understaffed , which means communications with other countries are not what they once where , in my opinion this could lead to major issues down the road . 
  so i would say foreign policy has changed a lot . 
  well , let 's exchange some goods and services , i 'd say that 's a pretty solid thing to do . 
  also either nato is rock solid or i 'm thinking the eu should have its own nuclear weapons , as much as it pains me to say . 
  ( do n't know if france 's arsenal is enough , probably not ) i still ca n't believe trump won the election , just the way he conducts himself during an interview should disqualify him . 
  and yes , i would say i have lost a lot of respect for american democracy if this is what it produces - the whole system surrounding it seems to be out of whack . 
  i feel a bit like i 'm throwing stones in a glasshouse here , i acknowledge of course that austria has lots of faults too . 
  to be honest all the spying on allies under obama really turned me off . 
  it may be ` all part of the game ' but it really means that the us are n't ` friends ' - maybe nations can not ever be ` friends ' , but they certainly like to use that word with their allies . 
  you sound like you 're unsure about this ... 
  is n't that a word cobain uses in smells like teen spirit ? 
  never knew what it meant , and when i listened to songs of him smartphones with internet did n't exist so i never remembered to look it up . 
  do they need oxygen because they are assholes ? 
  you sure it is active dislike and not just a rejection of the believe that the usa is the greatest country ever ? 
  i do n't think it is realistic to ever expect to be right 100 % of the time with something that complex in the real world - but i 'm not saying it 's impossible . 
  what you mean with the scores thing i do not know . 
  for me the main reason is that as technologies , forensic sciences and our understanding/interpretation of the law progress we can always have better fact finding in the future than in the present . 
  couple that with the non-reversibility of death sentences and also that the incentive to reevaluate a case where you already killed ` your man ' goes away ( which means that if he was innocent the real perpetrator continues to be at large ) and you have my strongest reasons why i oppose the death sentence . 
  demanding a 100 % success rate and zero failures from a system is always unfair i think - but my main view is that here the gains of killing the right people does not outweigh the cost of killing the wrong people . 
  the number of executions since 1976 in the usa is about 1439 ( some sources differ slightly ) , contrast this with the number of exonerations since 1978 which is 148 ( sources differ slightly ) - this suggests a failure rate of about 10 % which to me is unacceptable . 
  that the death penalty has significant societal benefits ( like deterrence , or lower costs ) is also in doubt for me . 
  edit : fixed grammar . 
  you could always start the conversation in mandarin and then switch to norwegian , pretty sure they 'd appreciate it more then . 
  :d for me it would be a matter of convenience - if it takes ages to speak to me in my language and i can hardly understand , then why not switch to something more comfortable ? 
  if your norwegian is pretty good then that should n't be a problem , though . 
  or you could always ask for them to speak norwegian to you and for you to speak english to them if you can understand alright but are n't that good at speaking . 
  about 3 litres per day , probably a lot more when it 's hot like it is currently . 
  best would probably be to find interesting problems/questions that require multidisciplinarity and cooperation to be solved/answered . 
  kinda lame answer but it 's all i can think of at 1 am . 
  an example would be to get a mathematician and an artist to make ` science communication/outreach ' together . 
  or a mathematician and a psychologist to have the math guy explain why the statistics used in the psychology study are shit . 
  or a mathematician and a physicist to yell at each other across the room that the respective other is useless and totally missing the point - keep sharp objects away from those two , or they might hurt each other . 
  bullshit , i did not enjoy school at all . 
  this guy is clearly a crank . 
  the best thing is that hope dies last . 
  the worst thing is that you have to declare war and kill a lot of people to finally fulfill your [ deepest desires ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sms_novara_\\ ( 1850 \\ ) ) . 
  that it is hard to qualify , and that there are differing definitions going around are good points . 
  still , if state authorities get asked `` hey , how do those refugees do ? 
  how well are they integrated into society ? '', 
  there needs to be an answer because most would not be satisfied by an answer like the one you just gave , indeed i think there would be public outrage if the answer is `` you know , it 's hard to research this so we ca n't say . '' . 
  it 's valid for people to be concerned about the current situation and to have questions . 
  i want to know if our way of life is validated by those that want to live here . 
  i want to know if they are ready to accept my choices and my behaviour as much as i am ready to accept theirs . 
  i also want to know how long it takes on average for a refugee to start contributing to society . 
  i think those are valid questions that are shared by a lot of people and that it is not enough to have a semantic dispute about what ` integration ' truly means and how hard of a term it is to define . 
  chop it up into all the things that could possibly go into the term , like employment numbers , societal views , criminal statistics , and other relevant numbers , and give me those . 
  i 'll decide from this data if they are ` integrating ' or not . 
  also there or social scientists who have the ability ( i would hope ) to find a common definition of what it means to be integrated and how to measure it , and then communicate their findings - at least in academia circles , so we have a sound body of knowledge we can base decisions on . 
   the mercer quality of living survey ranks 221 cities from vienna to baghdad on quality of life . 
  [ ... ] the list is intended to help multinational companies decide where to open offices or plants , and how much to pay employees . 
  [ ... ]  the cities -- 230 in total -- were evaluated on 39 factors including political , economic , environmental , personal safety , health , education , transportation and other public service factors . 
  cities were compared to new york city which was given a base score of 100 . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercer_quality_of_living_survey ) are the results of the last years from the the mercer quality of living survey . 
  and [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world%27s_most_liveable_cities ) are other surveys which have the same topic . 
  personally i can attest that vienna is a nice city to live in . 
   the question is unanswerable . 
  you just have to see for yourself with your own eyes and draw your own conclusions . 
  i do n't think that 's correct . 
  why should it be impossible to find out how well migrants integrate ? 
  would this not mean that there ca n't ever be an end to the debate , that there are no facts to be gathered and no ` truth ' to be found - yet , this is precisely what i think we * must * do to make correct decisions . 
  you have to look at credible studies , done by professionals who know to work rigorously , to figure out what 's going on and not rely on the narrow slice of the world that is presented to your eyes ( i think you advocated for people prioritizing anecdotal evidence with this , which is no way to make wide ranging decisions ) . 
  of course looking with your own eyes at reliably gathered data is exactly what i think is needed - in case you meant that . 
  what you should n't do is to trust everyone who has some papers they labelled ` study ' or ` report ' and want to explain the world to you . 
  oh yeah , good point . 
  i totally missed the middle east part of the question . 
  oh yes , sure . 
  `` my my , i * do * declare , having access to the sea is just wonderful . 
  my good sir , would you throw another shrimp on the barbie . 
  let us visit our colonies next ... '' yeah you guys are laughing at us now ... eating your seafood , sauntering along the coast in your ships and discovering new islands and continents , all ripe for the taking ... all of you with your smirks , and your inbred high and mighty ` seafaring ' attitude ... just wait till global warming catches up to you , austria will have access to the sea sooner or later . 
  muhahahahahaha, 
  so you 'd want the uk to rejoin the eu . 
  no emerging deserts and everything still above water would be nice . 
  last week i read that an explosion on the uss ** maine ** started the [ spanish-american ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish%e2%80%93american_war#uss_maine ) war in 1898 and even before that i would have thought about ships when hearing ` maine ' . 
  but that 's about it . 
   the total number of detections in the first five months of 2017 fell 75 % from the same period of last year to 84000 , although the number of migrants arriving in italy remained above the figures from a year ago . 
  [ source ] ( http://frontex.europa.eu/pressroom/news/arrival-of-migrants-in-may-numbers-in-italy-and-greece-higher-than-year-ago-ee4zmo ) . 
  there are more numbers in there if you 're interested in specifics . 
  as we have now entered the summer months , the numbers are higher than they were in winter and spring . 
  edit : this are overall migrant numbers though , not only those from the middle east . 
  the title of the article is hyperbole and i * really * hate it when they do that . 
  other than that i was n't really aware of the cancer link but after searching around a bit on the internet right now this seems to be scientific consensus . 
  so i think we should work harder to get the information out there . 
  this is different than tobacco however because there is no ` second hand drinking ' ( i 'm aware of ) so clearly it is less of a concern for the state to act ( to protect bystanders ) - they should just ensure the information is provided to everyone - and is more the responsibility for each individual to be mindful of the risks . 
   `` political action like minimum pricing and reducing access to alcohol needs to be taken now to prevent many future casualties '' said markus peck , chairman of the department of gastroenterology and hepatology , endocrinology , and nephrology at the klinikum klagenfurt hospital in austria . 
  i do n't agree with this approach . 
  yeah , the iraqi military has a lot to be ashamed of .
