  sceptical . 
  i 'd have to know * a lot * more about the specifics before i would be okay with it - and i have to say i 'm not sure i trust governments enough that even if the plan itself sounded great they could implement it so that it works . 
  so it 's gon na be a real hard sell . 
  canada and australia spring to mind . 
  maybe japan , but i 'm even less familiar with it than i am with the other two so i 'm not sure . 
  australia has a pretty good election system , and i think ceta has shown we can work with canada . 
  * kotor * mass effect 1 * archimedian dynasty ( aquanox was great too ) * bastion ( also has an excellent [ soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ola0vb9lctm ) ) * battlefield 2 * monkey island 3 * warcraft 3 * world of warcraft, 
  i 've been both , of course i prefer to be par1 - who would n't ? 
  yes , this is considered a prerequisite to be allowed to handle this type of weapon . 
  though among professional soldiers we do n't call it ` handling ' - the correct term is ` fondling ' . 
  i 've fired a variety of guns during my time in the austrian armed forces . 
  the ` panzerabwehrrohr ' was probably my favourite , especially when firing the sprenggranate ( = high explosive round ) in air burst mode - it 's very satisfying watching that thing explode in the air over the target , a couple seconds after you 've fired it . 
  the delay in when the sound of the explosion reaches you is also very satisfying . 
  really shows how far that thing can shoot , and how powerful the ammunition is . 
  / r/audiobooks / r/militarygfys / r/credibledefense, 
  sadly high viz gear only looks cool on big enduros . 
  in my opinion our best bet to better the lives of africans is aiding them with education , technical know how and , when it is needed , disaster relief . 
  additionally the international community must not tolerate genocide and wars of aggression . 
  also we should work on developing those industries and businesses which have a good chance of generating jobs that last many years - and not invest money simply based on ` return of investment ' . 
  other than that , i think that for democracy to work there has to be a mentality prevalent in the society of the country which is compatible with the ` root ideas ' of democracy . 
  if the population has n't ` grown ' into it - so to speak - it seems to me to be almost impossible to implement it from outside . 
  maybe that sounds quite ignorant and condescending , and there are probably some caveats and finer points to add , but it 's my current opinion on the matter . 
  you could say that democracy is not the pavement on the road - it is where the road leads to . 
  simply ` giving ' democracy to a country does not magically make it prosperous . 
  of course there is always china to remind you that * some * authoritarian regimes might succeed on improving the lives of its citizens . 
  even if there is plenty to criticize , from an european perspective . 
  you asked why africans have not yet experienced interventions similar to afghanistan , syria , iraq and so on . 
  the countries listed really explain why . 
  just look at the destruction wrought and the lives lost and ruined and then ask yourself if this is the price you would pay for ... almost nothing gained . 
  [ girly drinks vs manly drinks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7lptr6dqrny ), 
  oh yeah , you would not tell acquaintances or perhaps even friends when you are seeing a psychiatrist and take something to help with , for example , depression . 
  in contrast , when you go to the hospital to get stitches you might mention it in conversation . 
  so i 'd say there is definitely some stigma attached . 
  i know very little . 
  i think the ` trickle down economics ' came from him , or at least he was a big proponent of it - so my opinion is tending more to the negative . 
  curiously it made me immediately angry . 
  i 'm okay now . 
  we usually use `` nazi-deutschland '' ( nazi-germany ) when we bring something up that happened while the nazis were in power . 
  i think the reason for this is it gives context about the time period you are talking about , while not requiring a whole sentence on its own . 
  also it provides some ` distance ' for modern day germany to its past . 
  so instead of `` germany , while under nazi rule , did such and such ... '' you might say `` nazi-germany did such and such ... '' . 
  this is more for when you bring something up in a discussion that was n't originally about wwii . 
  when having a discussion about history we would more often simply use `` germany '' . 
  being conquered does n't magically make unity appear . 
  how would the nazis have unified their newly acquired realm after the war , and how successful would they realistically have been ? 
  as it is the historians statement is a bit vague . 
  probably because the cars those agencies are looking at are very similar in configuration ( * they * decide requirements for the cars they want , and then probably let the manufacturers come to them with an offer ) , and so they are all safe . 
  i 'd guess cost ( initial + upkeep ) is the deciding factor . 
  volvo 's safety thing is a nice pr strategy . 
  i believe most safety features that they put in as standard are available from other manufacturers as an extra , if you really want it . 
  ... aaaaaany day now ... 
  i believe there is still a lot of untapped tourism potential for slovenia , they could realistically double their number of foreign visits . 
  as it is it 's a diamond in the rough - even better for anyone looking for a great location not overrun with tourists . 
  that they do not rely on tourism makes their economy even more robust and impressive in my opinion , but i have not enough insight to tell you how it works . 
  you know the balkan rightfully is ours ... we 're just waiting until things calm down a bit there , should be any day now . 
  is # 5 really something people do to evade taxes ? 
  does it ever happen ? 
  maybe you could picture it as orange juice with a good amount of sugar ( but not overly sweet ) and only a hint of sour , i 'd say it 's very carbonated and ` sparkly ' . 
  tastes very refreshing ( not ` watery ' at all though ) when it 's hot outside and you cool the drink down . 
  man , describing taste is impossible . 
  edit : added some clarification, 
  i 'm not necessarily against them , but they impact the european economy in quite a few ways so maybe we should get a say in what exactly they impact too . 
  eu and usa could coordinate sanctions they set , so we do not damage each other , but only the country we want to sanction - after all we are allies ... right ? 
  how would a global welfare state even look like in basic terms ? 
  as i would picture it i would say it 's more like a ` far left ' idea here - maybe you should n't get too hung up on terms like left , centre-left and so on or you could find yourself arguing constantly about political spectra instead of specific policies , of course if you like that sort of thing then never mind what i said . 
  how have i evolved ? 
  - i 've grown even more cynical , and let me tell you : austrians are born cynical , so this is actually an amazing feat . 
  this makes it hard to take anything in politics at face value or to take any proposal as an honest attempt to better whatever situation at hand , conversely it also means i 'm not buying into anyone who claims to have all the answers - which is probably a good thing . 
  no , this is more about jobs for politicians and the people they work with . 
  people would think you mean you are from berlin though when you just say it like that and do n't clarify that you mean you have jelly deep inside you . 
  no , in austria they attacked minorities living here ( for example those coming from neighbouring countries mainly to the east ) way before the migrant crisis . 
  like whom ? 
  can you give some examples ? 
  it makes perfect sense when you consider that those are probably different people in different threads . 
  as head of state the president still wields real power , even if it is rarely exercised by him/her and the expectation is that he keeps out of the daily political business . 
  when a government is in crisis ( for example a constitutional crisis ) then a lot rests on the president 's shoulders - in a society that ought to be accountable for how its country acts such a person should be elected and not be a monarch . 
  and generally in a democracy you ca n't have hereditary positions , personally i could not accept that . 
  at least to my mind ( and i think this is how the term is used in public discourse ) an ` economic migrant ' is not fleeing war or another type of recent catastrophic event - he left his home country not because of immediate danger to him but because he seeks to increase his quality of life . 
  this is in contrast to a refugee who specifically left because of immediate danger . 
  refugees have a right to get asylum ( or something in that vein ) while economic migrants do not . 
  i 'd suggest that you alternate on a monthly basis . 
  one month you fly to her and stay at her place , the other month she flies to you . 
  meeting up in the middle sounds like a lot of hassle ( unless you want to visit a specific city together , then maybe it 's worth it ) . 
  i have no experience with this sort of thing though so that 's just my thought . 
  in austria you can vote when you are 16 . 
  how does it make sense that you can have a say in what your country does while at the same time not decide for your own self what legal products you want to consume ? 
  the only time that would be acceptable for me would be when the product would be vastly more damaging below a certain age - but to my knowledge that 's not the case . 
  [ iter ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iter ) is already being built , so there 's not much left unfunded . 
  i was opposed to it for a good time , but with the less than stellar achievements in the combat against climate change i would now support it ( with some caveats ) . 
  of course austria will never have a nuclear power plant on its soil - that train has definitely left the station . 
  ( we built a ~ 700mw plant to completion in the 70s and then had a public vote where we decided we did n't want to use it after all . 
  that 's so austrian , i ca n't even tell you . ), 
  edit : added last sentence . 
   the left says that you guys need to import foreigners to make up for the declining population . 
  who said that ? 
  we drink tap water here too - oh excuse me ... 
  hello ?? 
  can you hear me over there ?!, 
  i said we drink tap water too !, 
  a motorcycle is n't as practical as a car and is more of a luxury item than something you get because of its utility ( in my opinion ) .
