  edit : fixed spelling mistake, 
  i think the fear is that economic policies that some comparatively strong countries in western europe may wish to implement ( maybe even only for themselves or between a few countries ) could have a negative impact on smaller economies . 
  even if this is only an indirect consequence , for example if trade between certain nations increases it may decrease in other areas . 
  smaller countries are worried about losing the political power they can currently wield in the eu , because currently it is possible through political maneuvering to shoot down unwanted policies for * everybody * , not only for oneself . 
  the drudgery this current situation causes is , of course , the reason why some now advocate a ` two-speed-europe ' , or whatever you want to call it . 
  now , if it is fair of some nations to stand in the way of a policy which will benefit most eu-members while being maybe slightly ( or more ) detrimental to one individual nation - i do n't know . 
  but i have the feeling that the current political developments in eastern europe ( and to a degree elsewhere in europe ) show that future governments may be unwilling to work constructively for the common good of all eu members , and may be more interested in cherry picking - for whatever reasons . 
  ( but mostly out of short sighted political ones and , i suspect , personal corruption ), 
  yeah , geologist can have a real hard time distinguishing between ` decades ' and ` tomorrow ' . 
  the timescales at which those processes operate on can be daunting . 
  damn . 
  maybe could have used concrete below the waterline to stabilize it , apparently they knew it was heavily eroded . 
  ... but then again maybe that would have been too ` artificial ' for a natural landmark . 
  hey i 'm excited too , but i 'm not so sure how relevant this is to europe . 
   rest in peace sabine oberhauser ( her predecessor ) , she fought cancer like a hero and left the world a better place through the work that she did . 
  uk would have torpedoed this anyway . 
   retroactively changed the amount of subsidies i assume this is legal right now ? 
  seems kinda dodgy . 
  just like america until december 7th , 1941 . 
   `` the authorities choose the ones who are ** willing ** , interested and motivated . '', 
  does n't sound obligatory though ? 
   ( male suicides per 1000 males ) / ( female suicides per 1000 females ) i think you can reduce this , right ? 
  ' ( male suicides per ~ ~ 1000 ~ ~ males ) / ( female suicides per ~ ~ 1000 ~ ~ females ) ' , by cutting ' 1000 ' from the denominator and numerator . 
  making it equivalent to ' ( male number ) / ( female number ) ' . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  edit : never mind , you can not do this . 
  because the ratio of ( females/males ) is n't 1 , the two terms are not equivalent . 
  oh , i did n't realize he was austrian too !, 
  this will go well with my beethoven and sigmund freud collection . 
  i 'd be careful with such statements . 
  people do stupid things all the time . 
  we \u00d6sterreicher even put the ' \u00d6 ' into our country 's name . 
  who 's the \u00d6 master race now , eh ? 
  :p ps : no ` master race ' nazi jokes please . 
  too obvious in this case , try to challenge yourself at least a little bit . 
   but it raises questions about the fate of thousands of jobs in europe , particularly in the u.k. , where vauxhall 's plants may find it even harder to compete once the country leave the european union . 
  ( ... ) gm has 38,000 european employees , with more than 18,000 opel workers in germany and 4,300 vauxhall employees in the u.k. 
  that polish flag tho . 
  jesus , even the way they play those instruments looks fake . 
  ( to each his own though , if you like it i 'm not judging you ), 
  i like kern too but this smells like a textbook political maneuver to me . 
  i think he is trying to pull the rug out from under the right wing party because they focused almost solely on refugees ( and turkey is very much entangled in this ) and do n't have another topic where they offer policy proposals . 
  so if he is aggressive in that area than there is n't much they could attack him on there , with the 2018 election in mind . 
  i do n't really like that though , i 'd wish that if you propose something you do it because you genuinely believe it 's the best way to move forward . 
  but i understand the political realities in democracies like austria . 
  edit : to your second point : i do n't think we * have * to let other governments hold political rallies here . 
  it seems ludicrous . 
  if austro-turks want to hold and organise something then go ahead , but the involvement from the turkish government should be held to a minimum . 
  and they ( the turkish government ) really should n't be the one initiating those rallies . 
  edit : added a clarification, 
  ... okay ? 
  but we were talking about something completely different . 
  how many tried their luck there and failed ? 
  i think he is talking about those woman . 
  lawyers try to interpret the law in their favor all the time though , that 's kinda their job . 
  with all the dick waving going on i 'd be scared to suddenly turn gay too . 
  oh god , mercy . 
   `` germany '' you fucks !, 
  will russia embargo turkey too ? 
  what about the us , united arab emirates , iran , iraq and the uk ? 
  i do n't think there will be a broad * international * embargo and any economic decline will be blamed on the eu alone if we try to walk this route without much international support . 
  erdogan would probably welcome such a scapegoat , indeed i think he is already trying to build the eu image into one domestically . 
  an eu embargo alone wo n't be a fatal blow to turkey 's economy anyway - they can still find other partners . 
  also do we want to see the regime ` collapse ' ? 
  what kind of a migrant crisis would that potentially trigger ? 
  what must not happen is internal tensions inside turkey leading to a civil war . 
  i admit i do n't know much about all this and may be very wrong - but i do n't think the eu can improve the situation very much . 
  what would you have us do ? 
  outside pressure would strengthen such a regime . 
  edit : fixed typo, 
  those youtube comments are pretty horrible . 
  but is n't doing balls kinda gay ? 
  i ca n't make any sense out of this . 
  imo we are too similar in this with the germans . 
  should probably also go with ` mars ' - which is way cooler , by the way . 
  oh , and i see the uk is ` march ' - ing away from europe ... no surprises there . 
  has the tone of the conversation between turkey and greece not registered with you ? 
  relations have really cooled during the last year , i do n't think either side is willing to cooperate right now . 
  if you think your national interests and eu interests align pretty good - as in : `` what benefits the eu also benefits my country '' - then ` eu loyalty ' and ` national interest ' are indeed * not * contradictory . 
  quick guys , they 're on to us - marry everything, 
  okay , i will permit it to pass over me and through me . 
  i dunno why , but i 'm scared . 
  yeah , the current situation just sucks . 
  i hope you can achieve what you want in austria . 
  ( and of course anywhere else you go too ), 
  only because the bagel is n't on your head . 
   on one side the coin shows the welsh leek ... 
  ? ... kinda lame joke ... oh ... that 's not the joke . 
  okay . 
  a leek ... right . 
  & nbsp ; ps : for the curious  the leek is also a national emblem of wales . 
  according to legend , saint david ( the patron saint of wales [ 2 ] ) ordered his welsh soldiers to identify themselves by wearing the vegetable on their helmets in an ancient battle against the saxons that took place in a leek field . 
  it is still worn on st david 's day each 1 march, 
  nonsense . 
  put more cannons on there . 
  if they had more cannons the enemy would have never dared to attack . 
  oh god , that watermark ... who does something like that ? 
  awwwwwww ... you can have asylum anytime you want . 
  i thought it would be bigger . 
  wood is a real keeper .
