  what have you ever done for us ? 
  nothing , that 's what . 
  you just sit there and do nothing . 
  if you wanted representation you should have turned out to vote . 
  0 percent voter turnout among you ... disgraceful . 
  edit : it has been brought to my attention that we need plants to breath ( and also for some other minor things ) . 
  so , at this moment , i 'd like to retract some of my former statements regarding plants and congratulate them on their evolutionary process thus far - though i still feel there is some room for improvements , no offense . 
  ( thorns anyone ? ), 
  fungi however are still useless and good for absolutely nothing !, 
  we normally vote on weekends . 
  if i 'm not mistaken they * did * have exit polls , but they used the data from it to feed their prediction model ( and not make only the polls themselves public ) , which also got the very earliest partially counted polling stations . 
  with a good model and multiple data sources like this you can have a fast , accurate but ` unofficial ' result within minutes of the polls closing . 
  we had a lot of rehearsals . 
  could be some sane ones too though . 
  the article reads to me like someone connects a vague aggregation of dots with a crayon and intersperses the emerging caricature with statements from the opposition . 
  there is nothing concrete and/or new to be found in there so i downvoted it . 
  if sturgeon makes a statement about eu or efta , or if an article that does n't read like a hodgepodge of various guesses but is a serious analysis of the situation comes along , i can guarantee an upvote from me because the situation is interesting and i want to know more about it . 
  the conclusion an article might arrive at is much less important to me than the way it does come to it , so my up/downvotes are n't biased in the sense in which you seem to accuse us here . 
  edit : changed the last sentence , still think the grammar 's wrong but i do n't know how to fix it = /, 
  fuel price went down quite a bit last couple of years , maybe that killed the idea . 
  in addition to the public transports , which do their job as others already mentioned , i 'd say that the water tastes good , the air is clean ( for a city of almost 2 million ) and i can go for a run to the donauinsel without the fear of being mugged or confronted with drug users at 2300 in the night . 
  ( of course there are some shady areas to avoid in the city ) personally i also like the museums and the rich history you can feel in some places in the city . 
  i ca n't compare it with other cities though because i never visited any for long enough to get a feeling of what living there would be like . 
  there are problems of course , for example the new hospital they are building is turning out to be a real ` planungsdesaster ' - but i gather incompetent people are found everywhere in politics across the globe . 
  maybe the greatest compliment i can make is that i do n't feel the slightest need to move my home away from this city to find my own way in life . 
  this might sound a bit brutal but if you were to count the killing of one pregnant whale as ` two whales ' with respect to the fishing quota then this might incentivize the fishers to make a distinction . 
  but i get the feeling pregnant whales are not the main issue here , it is more about generating an outcry in the hope of gaining support for a ban on whale hunting . 
  yeah , not a figurative river at all . 
  i rate it 0/10 : stuff with the right specific density floats and it has a certain characteristic wetness . 
  a literal river in the most boring way possible . 
  native country of the possibly most hated football player in the world . 
  oh , and should probably have given columbus the ships for his voyage - even though it is true that he is a dumbass that should have died thousands of kilometers away from india with no land in sight . 
  tell a friend !, 
  now you know our pain . 
  how does it feel ? 
  hey slovenia and germany , wan na build our own super-\u00fcber-spezial club ? 
  everybody else seems to have one ... i just want to be cool too = / hmmm , but what would we call it ? 
  i do n't see any mention of the european convention for human rights in the article . 
  in any case - the way i read article 17 , it just states you can not use one of the human rights to limit another one :  this addresses instances where states seek to restrict a human right in the name of another human right , ( ... ) which is not an argument austria is using when writing these new laws . 
  ( or at least we better not , or we 're pretty inept at writing laws ) so i 'm not sure why you 'd bring it up . 
  as i said , austria is indeed lacking a legal framework for this situation . 
  there are no laws being ` bent ' . 
  making new laws to deal with current situations is what governments do . 
  there are laws about how to write laws - our morality is codified in those , if they are ignored you can easily challenge laws in court . 
  why would they ? 
  what the article does fail to mention is that we lack a clear legal framework to disallow them from holding political rallies . 
  our ministry of interior came up with a new set of laws for this but the coalition party is unhappy with it because it curbs certain rights of assembly and they think it goes to far . 
  ( though they also object to turkey 's officials holding political rallies here , so they want the new law to make this possible to prevent them ) turkey 's referendum is on the 16th of april and it 's very unlikely we would have new laws ready within the next weeks for potential rallies . 
  bottom line is if they decide to campaign here then there 's not much we could do beside the usual ` security concern ' - thing , but if they have a suitable location and safety is guaranteed our hands are tied until we have finished the law debate . 
  our foreign minister basically just conveys a big ` do n't you dare ! ', 
  to turkey - i think this will only encourage them , though . 
  i just realised how old i 'd be in 3 decades ... feelsbadman . 
  nice find . 
  thanks for sharing !, 
   on thursday , european parliament president antonio tajani said the eu and britain should first strike a deal on the terms of brexit and then proceed to discuss future bilateral relations , britain has said it would prefer parallel talks on its divorce terms , likely to include a bill to pay and the issue of citizens ' rights , and its future trade and economic relations with the 27 eu countries . 
  there 's going to be some tough negotiating on both sides - even the order in which to negotiate the issues seems to be a point of contention . 
  i could n't believe what i was hearing when some voices in the austrian government began advocating for a change to a ` first-past-the-post ' system for parliament elections . 
  thank god all opposition parties banded together and were very vocal about rejecting it . 
  that was ~ 2 months ago and i have n't heard about this since . 
  but i really ca n't quite believe they suggested this . 
  i think a public discussion about voting systems and their advantages/disadvantages is sorely needed in austria , since elections are so fundamental to democracies it 's dangerous to lack basic knowledge about the various systems . 
  no he said :  everyone will be happy, 
   kaczynski basically blames tusk for the death of his brother , so it 's personal for him . 
  what ? 
  why does he blame him ? 
  jesus , reading that comment scared me . 
  [ time stamp ] ( https://youtu.be/njmuthrx4vq?t=120 ) of one of the chants , for the lazy ones, 
  austria is really bad with elections though . 
  estonia is loved far and wide . 
  drugs are bad , mkay . 
  ( only if they 're illegal , of course ), 
  but ... but we already got that ? 
  why 'd you edit the suggested title to : `` eu renewable : ... '' ? 
  this is not directly related to europe . 
  what a shitshow . 
  the issue that should be looked at ( in my opinion , correct me if i 'm wrong ) is whether corporations have colluded together to bring the average quality of food down in eastern europe . 
  if they have not done this i ca n't quite understand why better quality food ca n't push the lower quality products out of the shelves . 
  even if there currently is no better quality product should n't this be an opening corporations would usually use to increase market share ? 
  why have they not tried to compete against each other via better quality products ? 
  so proud he was austrian . 
  everyone knows this . 
  polls in austria do n't do it , they show an unaltered snapshot of current opinion . 
  that 's why i asked about it . 
  edit : apparently i had some misconceptions about this - practically everyone uses models for prediction . 
  how in the world is a private person supposed to evaluate for themselves how good a poll is then ? 
  they would also have to explain their prediction model for every poll they publish . 
  why call this a ` poll ' then , and not a ` prediction ' ? 
  you 're sure they consider other factors in this ? 
  the festive lighting looks like slightly sad ` googly eyes ' . 
  i can assure you we make questionable decisions all the time here , it 's our age old tradition of `` herumwurschtln '' ( ~ just keep on working along in a slipshod way , being aware that it 's sloppy but not caring that much as long as the wheels keep on turning ) . 
  but it 's very flattering that we apparently have a good reputation in some parts of the world . 
  damn , is the grammar so wrong ? 
  or what is it ? 
  it is an administrative issue . 
  a couple of years before the ministry of woman was paired with the ministry of education . 
  the budget of the ministry of woman is comparatively small < 50 million $ , i think , compared with the one for health for example ( ~ 1000 million $ ) , so it makes sense to utilize the greater staff of larger ministries to save some money on bureaucracy . 
   do they get preferential treatment ? 
  if your question aims at healthcare then no . 
  of course some things are different for men and woman regarding health . 
  but i would n't say preferential treatment .
