  but is this what political discourse should look like ? 
  each side just firing low-blows and hoping something sticks ? 
  with laughter for every good shot fired ? 
  i feel ashamed just watching this . 
  european politics seems further from what it should be ( for me anyways ) than ever . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  is this like the american ` correspondent 's dinner ' , or whatever it 's called ? 
  you probably should n't google it . 
  this is all sexual innuendo , right ? 
  other germany ??? 
  well i never !, 
  i 'm sure china sells those things though . 
  you shall not pass !, 
  ( thanks everyone who helped ), 
  yeah , they really mucked that one up in austria . 
  i 'd really like to have it available . 
  what a load of nonsense , have you forgotten your oxygen tank ? 
  the high altitude must be getting to you . 
  ps : send money pls, 
  come back when you find a mountain over 3000 meters in norway . 
  those tiny things you like to use for `` winter sports '' , or whatever you call the diddling around that you do , would n't even be considered as a ski-resort for tourists here in austria . 
  no wonder you ca n't ski-jump worth a damn . 
  oh and cross country skiing ? 
  we let it count as a sport just so you can have a sense of achievement and do n't quit the real stuff . 
  lord knows without you those winter olympics would be even more boring . 
  wow . 
  it 's first world war all over again . 
  good point , there really are n't any official numbers , which is kind of crazy if you ask me . 
  since those ` unofficial ' numbers stem often from just guessing ( and not the educated kind of guessing ) it 's hard to know what 's going on . 
  the source you linked i would not trust though , because they say about themselves that their goal is to make abortions ` unthinkable ' . 
  as they write on the site you linked :  unser ziel ist es , abtreibungen und jegliche anderen angriffe auf unschuldiges , wehrloses menschenleben undenkbar zu machen . 
  [ google translate : our goal is to make abortion and any other attacks against innocent , defenseless human lives unthinkable . 
  through action , information and education in the christian spirit , we refer to the inviolable dignity of every human being out without condemning , but also without trivializing . ], 
  this is more than enough for me to question their objectivity . 
  yay austria , pretty good . 
  party on !, 
  any chance russia is working on a stem cell monopoly ? 
  dude 's just everywhere recently . 
  soon our devious plot will be revealed . 
  we were australia all along !!!, 
  muhahahaha ... edit : god save the queen . 
  oh , i 'd like to add that [ runtastic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/runtastic ) a ` sport-activity-tracker-app ' was developed in austria and bought by adidas for $ 220 million . 
  so they did fine here . 
  i 'd say vienna is much more open for this kind of things than the rest of austria . 
  privacy is a much debated issue though and ` google street view ' was also run out of town because of pretty restrictive laws . 
  credit cards are not in widespread use because you do n't have to pay to withdraw cash from an atm ( yet , that may change soonish ) and so people do n't see the need to pay credit card fees when they already have free access to their money . 
  actually i heard the state will cover most of the social security costs for start-ups ( if it belongs into the technology branch ) in the early years of the new business . 
  i have the impression they have given this a great deal of thought and found a sound approach . 
  time will tell . 
  as i do n't know much about france or the uk , i do n't feel qualified to say . 
  public employment service austria has this [ brochure ] ( http://www.ams.at/_docs/eurespubl_en.pdf ) , in which page 21 will give you an overview over the situation in austria . 
  since our industry centric political party ( \u00d6vp ) in austria likes to complain a lot about taxes and labour laws i 'd guess that taxes are somewhat high and workers enjoy adequate protection . 
  i 'm a student though so what do i know , really . 
  our government recently got a new chancellor , after the old one stepped down ( some ministers were replaced too ) and ` start-ups ' have emerged as one of the priorities for this government . 
  this is even now touted in the media in austria . 
  the article makes it seem as if grassroots have been forming for a while though . 
  lets hope this , coupled with other economic measures , can bring the lackluster economic growth back on track and create some much needed jobs . 
  do n't you mean to just say that they should n't let woman in ? 
  what you suggesting with the requirements could not only block man who would otherwise meet them ( and armies do need soldiers ) but is , more importantly , dishonest and in my opinion simply not how governments should act . 
  why should the requirement level be bumped up in response to woman joining up ? 
  ... and the turkey was a bit dry . 
  there 's a bit at the end that i find interesting :  as time is running out , barack i will stop here , not without having said that we were discussing the ttip issue and that we want to conclude these negotiations before the end of this year mainly as far as the big blocks of these negotiations are concerned . 
  during the last european council i was asking leaders one after the other if `` yes '' or `` no '' the european union should continue to negotiate -- and we received once again the mandate to conclude these negotiations . 
  and still we did n't advance out of group stage ... refugees welcome ? 
  ' 9 july 2015 ' . 
  so that was news last summer . 
  just fyi . 
  he 'll be back when the uk finally realises no one actually wants to trigger article 50 . 
  `` farage ii : this time it 's even more personal '', 
  what a non-issue , at the end of the video it 's explained he made a grammatical error when speaking french . 
  did this really happen though ? 
  a brief search online revealed nothing to corroborate this . 
  maybe someone just wants him to look especially incompetent ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  yes i get that this would be bad , but i 'm not sure what the eu is * actually * writing into their new regulations . 
  what i 'd really like is someone pointing to the hypothetical new `` article so-and-so '' that is now being considered and saying what exactly in this text is problematic . 
  i 've found some articles claiming disaster but no one actually quoted text passages . 
  anyway , i appreciate your write up , thank you . 
  i already gave most of my fucks this week and do n't have that many left ... so ... how legit is this really ? 
  can i get a more detailed , objective view anywhere ? 
  ( article/video ), 
  hey !, 
  no informal negotiations . 
  but is n't `` whose '' for people ? 
  and i used it to refer to `` laws '' . 
  i 've now watched some of that video , and i have to say it 's * very * interesting . 
  thank you . 
  edit : holy shit i feel so bad for ireland . 
  please do n't insinuate that such deeply serious things like election fraud have occurred without any good evidence or at least a credible source to back it up . 
  there is the option of handing in your postal vote wherever you please , so the dead need not rise for the phenomena you mentioned to occur . 
  if you have any evidence or source for dead people voting i 'd like to hear it . 
  it 's not redone purely on assumptions . 
  fact is that laws , whose ( or which ? 
  but that sounds so strange , damn i suck at english ) intent it is to prevent manipulations , were broken and so the trust in this election is diminished . 
  elections are no games and so must be held to a high standard . 
  there simply ca n't be the sloppiness on display here . 
  yes , but only the chairman and the deputy of the constitutional court get those . 
  thanks !, 
  it just went into `` not funny anymore '' - territory for me . 
  he did explain everything before the referendum took place in a first video .
