i believe they are breaking out the headed paper as we speak . 
  actually , georgia highlighted the fact that russian forces were not war ready and far from capable as [ this report ] ( http://strategicstudiesinstitute.army.mil/pubs/parameters/articles/09spring/mcdermott.pdf ) details . 
  top heavy and poor leadership running a draftee army with outdated equipment . 
  it 's one of the reasons that russia increased military spending by $ 50b less than a month after the war started . 
  a war between russia and nato would not end well for russia . 
  they have numbers and a certain degree of bloody-mindedness , but their army really is n't that capable or well trained . 
  however , it would n't be a cakewalk , and it 's more than likely that nato nations would n't have the political and domestic support required to win decisively . 
  end result ? 
  a lot of dead people and stalemate . 
  let 's do both poorly and for a long time !, 
  the uk has a bunch of fancy kit with nowhere to go . 
  this will probably end badly for a lot of people . 
  duplicate of https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/37a2zj/brides_for_sale_european_women_lured_for_sham/ removed sorry . 
  if you want to make that point then you should make a self post explaining that point and linking to data . 
  this post alone is without context , so unfortunately i will remove it . 
   i feel like cultures should be criticizable something to consider i think . 
   does that statement have as much substance as people crying stormfront is brigading / r/europe ? 
    why do you think / pol / has turned its attention to / r/ukpolitics ? 
  is there any proof ? 
    is the proof that people were n't leftist enough for your comfort , so you needed to invent a boogeyman to explain this away and marginalize everyone who is n't a leftist ? 
    it 's so easy to discredit people , by yelling racist/stormfronter/pol after all , no need to actually address their points and have the fun added affect of scaring other people from speaking out , in the fear of being labeled the same . 
  i do n't yet fully understand the situation in / r/europe , but yeah , the / pol / thing was real . 
  there were countless posts on / pol / about / r/ukpolitics many of which were still on 4plebs last time i looked and out page views doubled in a day . 
  as for why they did it , if 4chan is anything like it was back when i used to post there they did it purely because it was funny as fuck from their pov . 
  old school trolling . 
  the problem we had was that this all happened at exactly the same time as ukip ( who i view as a legitimate political party ) were surging ahead in the eu elections , so it was a case of trying to figure out where the line was between legitimate ukip or conservative poster and someone from / pol / trying to get a reaction . 
  and if you look back through the history of the whole event there were [ many who felt i did n't go far enough ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/locutusofborges/comments/2giraq/post_archive_ukpolitics_i_think_its_time_we_had_a/ ) . 
  if it was a case of banning anyone right wing or conservative that would have been easy . 
  the hard thing was finding away to allow right wing people to post in a non-partisan political forum , especially those who took issue with immigration policy , while getting rid of the / pol / types who just wanted to cause chaos . 
   what a load of crap , this might as well be divide between `` intelligent educated city folk who are all leftist liberals and dumb backwards country folk who are all racists and xenophobes '' . 
  perpetuating the same bullshit , that if you do n't see as i see , you 're clearly some backwards fringe group and you should feel bad about being associated with them and i do n't have to respond to you with substance , i can just call you out as such . 
  i was n't clear enough . 
  [ this explains it more clearly ] ( http://blogs.channel4.com/paul-mason-blog/culture-war-crisis-mainstream-politics/831 ) . 
  my view is that there are people ( like me ) for whom globalization , the eu , immigration and liberal social views works really well . 
  but there are a lot of people for whom it has not worked , and simply casting them as bigots or backwards is stupid . 
  they are people with legitimate views and concerns , and need a voice just as much as people like me . 
  i might drop into irc , but my days of spending hours in a channel are probably long gone . 
  between my career and my family , some things have to give . 
  for breakfast i generally have large amounts of extremely strong coffee , emails and shouting , but i am partial to bacon , eggs , and peanut butter waffles covered in maple syrup . 
  / pol / turned it 's attention to / r/ukpolitics , and in all honesty the moderation team did n't really know how to respond . 
  this coincided with the rise of ukip in the uk . 
  one of the main challenges was allowing free speech on issues such as immigration , or from people with more conservative views than are typical for reddit , while trying to curtail outright racism , homophobia and abuse . 
  british politics in the process of shifting away from the 20th century issues of class and left v right , and towards a newly emerging cultural divide between liberal metropolitans and more conservative and nationally focused views held by people in smaller towns . 
  and i do think that it is important to hear views and opinions from people i do n't agree with . 
  so after last may , it was a case of understanding how the community had changed , and slowly rebuilding the approach to moderation . 
  also , constantly tweaking automoderator to highlight things mods should keep an eye on . 
  hard to say , i do n't have issues with either country , i 've never been to italy , and the 3 places i 've spent time in france ( alsace , brest and paris ) were all so different they could have been separate countries . 
  again , i ca n't comment on that specific example , because of the reasons i 've stated . 
  i was n't a moderator at that time , i was a regular joe . 
  but what i can say is that when i applied for the role of a moderator one of the things i saw a need for is more engagement with the community when it comes to moderation decisions and more importantly the reasons for those decisions . 
  you still may not like the decisions made , but the hope i have is that you will at least have more understanding of why the decisions were made . 
  i ca n't really comment on that because i do n't have any information on what happened or why that decision was taken . 
  it 's a system with a reward function at it 's core , people are always going to try to game it in some regard , even subconsciously people will modify their behavior to take advantage of in-group favoritism . 
  but for more egregious and active gaming , such as alts or using 4chan to get votes or downvotes , moderators should take action . 
  i 'm from the uk , in a county called surrey which is to the south of london . 
  however although i am british my heritage is from places like germany and latvia . 
  not really a sports person , i 've only been to 2 football matches in my life , when chesterfield reached the semi finals of the fa cup almost 20 years ago . 
  at the moment , jeans , boots and a t-shirt . 
  only so much of the time that one can be on reddit , and i 've primarily been focused on resolving issues with another subreddit over the last year . 
  plus , i 've generally come to / r/europe to learn about matters in other european countries . 
  hello / r/europe . 
  since i have not been terribly active here ( but have lurked for years ) , amaa . 
  to my grand parents : invest in ibm , microsoft , apple and google , leave the shares in trust to your grand children . 
  accidentally is entirely possible ( outlook nickname cache , someone who is in contact with the press , it happens ) but in all honesty i would be more concerned if they were n't planning what to do in the event of leaving the union . 
  what i am saying is that someone holding a view in the 70 's does not mean that they still hold the same views today . 
  it would be worth checking before forming opinions . 
   until '77 a husband could prevent his wife from getting a job . 
  by law !, 
  in which country was this the case ? 
  also , that was 38 years ago , which in terms of people changing their opinions is a long time . 
  i think you 'll find that we tactically re-positioned our forces to the same place that the french happened to be retreating to . 
  they did it in the box next to his name . 
  hence the person who drew a penis on their ballot accidentally voting for the conservative candidate . 
  i think i can add to this . 
  last may / r/ukpolitics ( at the time a sleepy sub with not a huge deal of active users ) was hit by a / pol / invasion . 
  this significantly shifted the balance of the sub overnight , and if anything completely overwhelmed the abilities of the mod team ( we 'd banned 1 person in 2 years , for saying torycrap too often , after lengthy debate and a majority vote ... ) . 
  at the same time ukip was on the rise in the uk , which ... complicated matters ( poes law ... ) . 
  this lead to disagreements from some users regarding the way the moderation was being handled , which frankly escalated into personal disputes . 
  during this period some of the / r/ukpolitics base decided to migrate to a new sub . 
  today ? 
  the team at / r/ukpolitcs has recovered , figured out how to moderate a far higher intensity sub without alienating the users or shying away from bans and shadowbans , and we 've found a point that mostly works . 
  / r/britishpolitics went a different direction and it 's worked out well for them , they built a community of people who enjoy a different type of debate . 
  i like my politics a little shouty and robust , locutusofborges likes more sedate and reasoned discussion . 
  and on reddit there is room for both . 
  but importantly it is drama , and old drama at that . 
  the people actually involved have moved on . 
  and while we have different approaches and tolerances when it comes to moderation , locutusofborges is n't a bad person or a bad moderator . 
   account age  1 year 6 + years  500 + combined karma from any subreddits yes  be on reddit at least once per day to review the mod queue yes  have experience as a moderator ( or similar ) yes , / r/ukpolitics and / r/askuk . 
  forums and irc back to the 90 's . 
   do you have any experience with automoderator ( / r/automoderator ) , css or the mod toolbox ( / r/toolbox ) ? 
  all 3 , moderately advanced with am , did the css for / r/ukpolitics and use mod toolbox extensively . 
   what timezone are you in , and when are you generally on reddit ? 
  london , generally during the day and 2300-0200 . 
   what is your favorite/least favorite thing about / r/europe i like being able to see views and ideas from across the continent in one place . 
  i honestly do n't really have any strong negative views on this sub . 
   what could be implemented to make it better ? 
  interact more with the community regarding moderation , specifically why things are done or why they are not done . 
  sometimes a lack of communication is the worst aspect of moderation , and there are cases where talking to someone can fix a problem that would otherwise escalate into something far worse . 
  so while i do n't think transparacy is always the answer , simply having someone explaining the decision , taking flak and answering questions can help reduce tensions . 
  moderators should be a part of the community .
