yeah , $ 100k seems like a lot , but it 'd need $ 16m to be at even 1 % of the goal , and that leaves another 99 % . 
   even in the early 1900s , for example , the population of the uk was greater than all of britain 's african colonies combined . 
  [ that 's not true . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_population_in_1900 ) even if i only count uk colonies in africa with populations of 1 million or higher , their combined population is well over that of the uk ( which then included all of ireland , as it now does n't ) . 
   that 's an incredibly impressive feat , no matter how you look at it . 
  i disagree . 
  there are other ways of looking at it that do n't lead one to feeling impressed - for instance , a perspective that conquest is generally wrong , and so taking other people 's lands from them is something to be disgusted with , not impressed . 
  personally , that is the perspective i have . 
  i 'm delighted to hear that . 
  thanks for answering !, 
  for all the elegance of paris ( which i compare to dublin just because it 's the only other city where i 've lived a good stretch of time ) , i found it much worse for homeless people and beggars than dublin . 
  in my experience , it was commonplace there to have beggars on the metro ( hey , at least they have a metro ) , so you ca n't even commute without seeing a lot of poverty . 
  as for houses , we 'd all agree with you that value for money is terrible here !, 
  property speculation is a plague that makes it really hard for young people to settle down and start new families . 
  i personally am used to the public transport here and find it fine , but it 's nothing compared to most major european cities i 've visited . 
  we used to have more trains and trams , but for some unfathomable reason we got rid of a lot of them ( i guess thinking cars and buses were the future ) , and now we 've to go to massive expense restoring and creating new infrastructure . 
  we do n't have anything like a national cuisine here ( some excellent specialities but not a whole * cuisine * ) , so restaurants are french or italian or mexican ( or whatever ) , and i 'm sure we do n't represent those cuisines as well as their own countries do . 
  but i honestly have to say that i 've never had meals here as bad as paris , the few times i went out for food there ( i generally cooked for myself ) . 
  i tried traditional french dishes like [ andouillette ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andouillette ) and often could n't finish them ( turns out offal is n't the most prized part of the animal for a reason ! ) . 
  would n't argue with you that restaurants here are expensive , though . 
  the cost of living here is generally higher than i think any of us would like . 
  and yes , while i 'm at it , i do n't think dublin is an especially pretty city . 
  the way i see it , a lot of the ( for a european city not many ) elegant historical buildings are legacies of a past where we did n't rule our own country . 
  those in charge made nice buildings to showcase their power and wealth ( e.g. 
  parliament , four courts , customs house ) , but the majority of people had little of either . 
  i personally ca n't say i 've noticed ambient hostility . 
  but i grew up in an area many consider `` rough '' and cycled around happily as a child by myself exploring the areas around the council flats , and played in the streets with my little friends , without suffering any ill effects ( at least none that i can determine ) . 
  i heard the c-word shouted in anger often enough , but without context i just thought it meant `` bad person '' until i went to college . 
  x ) at the end of the day , i would n't swap this place for anywhere . 
  i love it . 
  as elegant and cultured as paris is , with its museums and art and lovely architecture , i did n't feel welcomed there like i feel welcomed by dublin . 
  dublin is humbler and shabbier . 
  it 's like a comfortable pair of old slippers that are almost falling apart but feel so good on your feet , compared with a fashionable but uncomfortable pair of stiletto heels that make everyone ooh and ahh but are n't actually fun to wear . 
  but that 's just me . 
  i really appreciate you sharing your own perspective . 
  it 's a very interesting exercise to see my city with an outsider 's eyes . 
  if i 'm honest , before i lived in paris i never would 've understood why any tourists would come to dublin over anywhere else , so i do kinda get where your criticism is coming from . 
  but now , by contrast with that other city , i value our friendliness like never before . 
  nice means different things to different people . 
  after a year living in paris , i appreciated the friendliness of my home city of dublin as i never had before . 
  i found paris to be elegant , sophisticated , and cultured , but for me that was n't enough to make up for the difference in attitudes . 
  i 'd be interested in learning what you found not nice or uncomfortable about dublin . 
  i 'm sure the government wo n't wait for public emails to tell them to make trade agreements with the uk . 
  it 'll be a huge priority for them . 
  you realise that we have plenty of our own home-grown companies , many of which trade heavily with the uk ? 
  who knows how things might be different if the famine had n't happened ? 
  maybe a lower population density makes things better for those left behind ... but maybe someone died who would 've been a genius who could 've improved human life in other ways . 
  things might be better , things might be worse . 
  there 'd be so many differences that it 's not possible to meaningfully predict such a thing . 
   if you consider that they thought of them as sub human , then the actions are n't reprehensible . 
  no , they are !, 
  it 's reprehensible to think of people as sub-human in the first place , and reprehensible actions follow from such thoughts . 
  ignoring your insulting `` irrelevant backwater '' comment , i was n't claiming that everyone should know about everything that 's happened in ireland . 
  in the context of most people needing to know a bit of history , it 's more important for people with british and irish backgrounds to know what cromwell did here ... compared with , say , someone from iran . 
  locally , everyone should know the important things that shaped their own society , their closest neighbours , and large immigrant groups in their country ( if any ) . 
  it 's really more tragic and annoying if the stuff cromwell did and the great famine are n't known about in the uk than elsewhere , given the british contribution to and benefit from them . 
  so , usually , when people complain about such stuff being relatively unknown , it 's more that it 's unknown by the people who * should * know it . 
  for the record , this is not about beating people today over the head with the past , or trying to impose guilt on today 's generation for actions they had no part in ... 
  it is , as i said in my original post , about remembering the past and recognizing that it still has effects on the present . 
  no , i can . 
  while , yes , there are thousands of atrocities , one can reasonably ask people to learn about the ones most relevant globally and locally . 
  history is incredibly important . 
  the atrocities of the 20th century have to be remembered so that we do n't forget the lessons of the past and appreciate the marks left on the present by history . 
  the same applies to older times . 
  yep , n\u00famenor is n't even star-shaped in that map . 
  you 're welcome . 
  i 'm happy to help , even though the actual subject is a sad one . 
  hopefully a positive outcome of the present kerfuffle would be better knowledge of ni politics among the general public . 
  and you 're right , i really ca n't see that happening with sinn f\u00e9in . 
  they are playing the long game ( the abstention policy has precedent [ going back a hundred years ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_general_election,_1918 ) ) . 
  their constituents probably would n't be too pleased if sf swore an oath of loyalty to the queen simply to give a british government some temporary political advantage . 
  ( not saying i think their policy is the wisest or best , but i understand why they do it . ), 
  thanks very much for the courteous , respectful discussion . 
  to be fair , the ira * were * a serious threat . 
  republican paramilitaries killed more people in total than loyalists did . 
  my comment on civilian casualties is just that : focused on civilians . 
  the ira targeted security forces primarily . 
  i do n't want to downplay what anyone did or give you a misleading impression . 
  the statistics are [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#casualties ) for anyone to see . 
  i might as well quote some of them . 
  british security forces killed 363 people . 
  * 187 ( ~ 51.5 % ) were civilians . 
  * 145 ( ~ 39.9 % ) were members of republican paramilitaries . 
  * 18 ( ~ 4.9 % ) were members of loyalist paramilitaries . 
  * 13 ( ~ 3.5 % ) were fellow members of the british security forces . 
  loyalist paramilitaries killed 1027 people . 
  * 878 ( ~ 85.4 % ) were civilians . 
  * 94 ( ~ 9 % ) were members of loyalist paramilitaries . 
  * 41 ( ~ 4 % ) were members of republican paramilitaries . 
  * 14 ( ~ 1 % ) were members of the british security forces . 
  republican paramilitaries killed 2058 people . 
  * 1080 ( ~ 52 % ) were members/former members of the british security forces . 
  * 723 ( ~ 35 % ) were civilians . 
  * 187 ( ~ 9 % ) were members of republican paramilitaries . 
  * 57 ( ~ 2.7 % ) were members of loyalist paramilitaries . 
  * 11 ( ~ 0.5 % ) were members of the irish security forces . 
  from this you get interesting statistics , like british security forces killing more civilians than they did paramilitaries of both sides , and republican paramilitaries killing more of their * own side * than either security forces or loyalists managed . 
  but make no mistake , the ira did kill the most number of people . 
  people do tend to have a universal hatred for terrorism and violence , but you can only hate what you know about , and many atrocities from the loyalist side seem to have been glossed over in the british press . 
  i think that many people would be surprised to learn that loyalist paramilitaries killed more civilians than republican paramilitaries , especially as awareness of republican atrocities seems to be higher .
