that 's not what he said , and yes , americans are tech creators . 
  i 'm not getting into a flame war , just want to say you 're wrong . 
  do you have any viking boats ? 
  go fish !, 
  hahahahaha  you norweigians and your fish money, 
  good luck !, 
  hope it 's a good game !, 
  ... hockey brother :'(, 
  militarily , russia would have to mess with nato , which is not gon na happen unless it 's the end of the world . 
  economically , norway faces little repercussion . 
  their trade with russia is minuscule . 
  sanctions matter more in central europe . 
  if france , germany , or italy turned up the heat that would be big fireworks . 
  usa and norway , not so much . 
  not like they had much to lose trade wise and they are a huge exporter of oil and natural gas . 
  * slow clap *, 
  i do ... 
  but that does n't make it any less dark . 
  -- idealist, 
  ` men are as straw dogs , destined for sacrifice ' man that 's heavy : /, 
  just like the group who wants the east china sea to become se asian sea . 
  i hate hdr , i wish it was banned . 
  i 've seen it dd, 
  http://i.imgur.com/lpsbrjc.jpg a face only a dane could kill . 
  the danes have a history a giraffe-hate . 
  when 's the last time you 've seen a danish giraffe ... exactly, 
  socialism , ` much of the time , is when people collectively ( as a group ) contribute money or other goods for the benefit of the entire community . ', 
  where i come from ( usa ) taxes do those very things . 
  is socialism solely about taxation ? 
  no are taxes socialistic ? 
  i would say so , because taxes for welfare , medicare , the military , and social security security are social programs !!, 
  true , but having convictions is something a tyrant and a saint both have . 
  from libertarians to liberals , from fundamentalist christians to staunch atheists , rush limbaugh to bin laden , and from hitler to ghandi , i think most believe in what they 're doing is right . 
  i 'm no economist but i think the us and some other western countries will stay in the economic toilet for quite some time . 
  the only true fix being a return to the protestant work ethic the brought the west to wealth in the first place . 
  that and maybe trade balance . 
  i 'm not politically right or conservative but damn that 's a lot of socialism . 
  isolationism , which does n't really sound like a bad idea , has obvious problems . 
  whether interventionalism is better , i ca n't say . 
  the grass is always greener . 
  i honestly want to hear the europe 's views on what to do . 
  in the usa , the range of answers is `` more war , ranging from boots on the ground , more airstrikes , more military spending '' ( most republicans ) , `` wait for allies , impose sanctions , wait for me coalition '' ( most democrats ) , or isolationism ( rand paul/libertarian ) . 
  all of them seem like shit answers . 
  edit : in regard to isis , not saudi arabia . 
  catch 22 , is there seriously no answer to addressing any me issues ?!? 
  so is the right answer for usa/west to let the gaddafi 's / assad 's / hussein 's just rule ? 
  and to stop funding israel and just let things roll ? 
  this is why i hate statistics . 
  most of them are either have an agenda or just headline zingers , and they 're almost never transparent enough for you to draw your own conclusions over the data . 
  [ ay , and dont worry the great leader will sort scotland out ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hw0j13evtg ), 
  you should n't do that , i like your accent, 
  are you making fun of his scottish accent ? 
  [ mmm . . ] ( http://media.giphy.com/media/nm25gilbtobx6/giphy.gif ), 
  [ ... ... ] ( http://mindsoap.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/god-wills-it.gif ), 
  what an american thing to say, 
  i mistakingly implied that catalonia was only doing it for the monies and does n't have a distinct identity . 
  i personally believe catalonia , and other near regions , do have a historic identity all the way back to the first millennia . 
  while i do n't know much about how wide the divide/issues are , i have a part basque/part catalan friend who reminds me that there has always been estrangement . 
  what i was meaning was that the repercussions of the stronger half splitting ` seems ' more destabilizing than if the ` less economically powerful ' half separates . 
  whether or not there 's a difference , you can persuade me . 
  i got your back , both for your original answer and that doe 's comment was insulting and uncalled for . 
  when independence comes from poor or rural areas , i view it with surprise but with more acceptance as rural monocultures might feel estranged from the multicultural , subjective metropoleis . 
  when defection comes from rich areas it seems more of an effort to ditch the poor . 
  wcl , would you mind explaining `` guimindang 's '' triple meaning ? 
  i got chinese nationalist party and got super confused . 
  laughing my ass off, 
  metal gear, 
  bit late for that now, 
  nah bros , you got this, 
  even further ? 
  honestly didnt give it more than a glance . 
  i 'm no geo-dummy , just do n't like the jerking of ` ca n't believe x 's got y so wrong . ', 
  chill out , it 's about the sea not the states, 
  would love to see optimized maps for other parts of europe !, 
  i apologize for a buzzfeed post . 
  how ` bout the alliance ? 
  social does n't mean everybody . 
  then they 'd call it the edp . 
  it does n't show the question/point that gave them the score though . 
  take it with a grain of salt . 
  without seeing the individual scoring of each country you ca n't objectively scrutinize . 
  if spying on you is a point taken against the us , then everyone else gets a point too , because not only do we spy on them but their own governments . 
  i 'd want to see the scoring for each country , before taking any of this seriously . 
  just exercise and eat healthy , join a yoga class for the hotties too, 
  that 's a gross amount of money . 
  i 'm sure as obamacare gets further contested many a government penny will be spent on propaganda on both sides . 
  the ancient order of hibernians, 
  i want it, 
  hurry its the right season this time !, 
  it also said smart people are happier the less time they spend with friends . 
  that 's a lot of baguettes, 
  que sera , sera, 
  i did , good movie . 
  personally ( not kidding ) , i work in a local organic grocery making juices and smoothies with adaptogenic herbs . 
  i do eat the occasional burger though . 
  being vegan is tough stuff . 
  do n't know when/if i 'll go back to it . 
  come up with a cow fart nullify pill so we can eat hamburgers in peace  [ sorry euro-senpai ] ( http://imgur.com/pi0ifq1 ), 
  do n't stop the yurojerk , they need the daily self-esteem . 
  ` americans suck .
