  not only . 
  rzeczpospolita is also shit ( apart from weekend `` plus minus '' part ) . 
  have you seen their surveys from their website ? 
  currently : `` what is your favourite type of photography '' . 
  few weeks ago we 've had `` which season do you like the most ? '', 
  god !, 
  i thought that there are some serious topics like situation in turkey or if minnisters of sport and infrastructure should be dissmised . 
  :[ but yeah , wyborcza is known for its questionable attitude and bias . 
  read comic books . 
  they 're for adults . 
  one word : asterix . 
  in 1:01:50 we have polish professor and politician , adam rotfeld . 
  that would be us . 
  it 's offensive as hell in poland . 
  usually closing menu and looking at waitress is enough . 
  oh , nevermind , happens to everyone . 
  situation in poland is n't as bad as in the south but it 's getting worse : http://kontakt24.tvn24.pl/temat,kraj-zmaga-sie-z-nawalnicami-wasza-mapa-podtopien,89469,html?categoryid=496 edit : engurishu, 
  no , no . 
  council of europe has little or nothing to do with european union . 
  it 's a larger organization . 
  i 've been learning all those things for an exam and the thing that was the hardest for me was the distinction between the court of justice of the european union , the court of justice and the general court . 
  in polish ( or rather in my textbook ) the first two were called in the same way as `` s\u0105d '' . 
  w. t. f. :-[, 
  of course you do n't hold resposibility for this . 
  but comparisments made by / u/doctomoe are just wrong . 
  one can not compare throughly evil and inhumane states like iii reich , soviet union , mao 's china , pol pot 's cambodia etc. 
  with any other state . 
  it 's not even right to compare them with e.g. 
  fascist italy . 
  but comparing fallujah with ghetto uprising ? 
  dear god !, 
  the diffrence between poles and germans was that german antisemites killed jews . 
  [ jan mosdorf ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_mosdorf ) saved jews . 
  pre-war poland had the biggest jewish population in europe , that 's understandable that there were animosities , even hate . 
  but mentioning that `` antisemitic thoughts were prevalent in interwar poland '' is a manipulation . 
  germans killed jews , not poles , end of story . 
  15 i 1945 germans killed 79 people 2 km from me . 
  they killed whole families , just because . 
  comparing war in iraq with atrocities done by your people during 2nd ww is fucked up . 
  comparing situation in poland and iraq makes me sick . 
  germany together with soviet union invaded my country , killed almost all of our inteligentsia , threw people into concentration and death camps , treated us like animals . 
  and you call my ancestors terrorists ? 
  they were soldiers of [ polish underground state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_underground_state ) . 
  you mention stroop 's report and tell me that what polish jews did was comparable to terrorist activity ? 
  fine - but it 's better to be a terrorist trying to sacrifice his life killing sons of bitches that killed millions of jews than wait to be butchered like an animal . 
  my great grandpa survived auschwitz , my grandpa barely survived the war - whole family was starving while their father was since the beggining of war in a concentration camp and walked alive from there because he was lucky and worked in cantina , where he ate rotten food just to survive . 
  it is personal issue , the memory of war is still fresh . 
  well , your people were n't killed in death camps . 
  over 16 % of polish citizens died during ii ww and only 1 % of belgian citizens . 
  i think that mak\u0142owicz has some armenian heritage . 
  there was a little armienian kebab in cracow , quite nice food ( it was n't just a shack with falafel , they had beer and so on ) . 
  also , there are ( or maybe were ) a lot of armenians on polish markets . 
  three countries . 
  ;p germany : kepler , takeo ischi ( :p ) , david hasselhoff ( yeah :p ) czech : kafka , karel kryl , jaromir nohavica italy : garibaldi , gabriele d'annunzio , giancarlo fissichella ( how do i write it ?! ), 
  yay , it was the same for me . 
  i understood most of english without having it at school because of cartoon network . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sas9ecbo7dw ) has won back then . 
  well ... 
  both songs are good . 
  try [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-eq2g-be9mc ) version . 
  okay , i know . 
  i just wanted to point out that half of the belgium 's population is using a germanic language . 
  is n't vlaams a proper term ? 
  well , flemish is a germanic language . 
  i 'll drink to that with my macedonian wine . 
  i have a great book called `` russia and nations . 
  the eighth continent . 
  history of eurasia '' - it 's by a polish author and i do n't think it has been translated to any other languages . 
  man who wrote it is now polish ambassador to russia . 
  fascinating read - author sugests that russia is indeed the eighth continent - with its diffrent political culture and ethnic diversity . 
  and we can track down this line of thinking back to [ feliks koneczny ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/feliks_koneczny ) a.k.a. 
  huntington 50 years earlier ( and better ! ), 
  and his `` turanic civilization '' . 
  the toughest part of sporcle !, 
  let 's add georgia , armenia and azerbeijian ( god , how do i spell it ? ), 
  to keep the count more or less clear . 
  everyone is welcomed in my city . 
  :-) there are lots of erasmus students , i think that cracow is also cheaper than prague . 
  both uj and uk are old ( uk is only 6 years older ) and good universities . 
  this year cracow beat warsaw as the best polish university . 
  polish is a complicated language but i think that both our country and our culture have lot to offer . 
  besides russian polish would be the best choice . 
  and yeah , we 're central europe , not eastern . 
  i can say from our experience - he was n't . 
  central european presidents tend to have strange illnesses ... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afcgeyubv00 rassija to\u017ce budiet w nato ... 
  well , they 'll have wrong idea of poland and polish history , that 's all . 
  because rural east germany is even cheaper . 
  edit : okay , an example . 
  the first one is in germany , is bigger and over two times cheaper . 
  the second one is new and in poland , but 15sq meters smaller and two times more expensive . 
  they are both close to szczecin . 
  there is still quite high demand for housing in poland . 
  and no one wants to live in east germany . 
  that 's why houses there are cheap and bought almost exclusively by poles . 
  still i think you have oversimplified that issue and your first post was manipulative . 
  you can not compare those things in this manner - especially on a subreddit like this . 
  some people might see this and then think that communism was n't that bad at all and now in poland we have massive problem with `` patriotic '' hooligans which is not a case at all . 
  that 's why i think your comparision is utter bullcrap . 
  in 1953 soviet general konstanty rokossowski was polish vice-pm . 
  you think we were an independent state back then ?
