  he mentioned the flag day , the constitution day , and our national sport - bbq . 
  [ there is no left in poland ] ( https://twitter.com/poppolityk/status/594200201793003520 ) translation :  [ ideological ] declarations of poles :  1 . 
  35 % centrists  2 . 
  32 % rightists  3 . 
  21 % not sure  4 . 
  he 's probably reffering to agusta westland . 
  but they 've got more than one multi-task helicopter - the newest version , aw 149 , is assembled in poland . 
  and so is black hawk ( s-70i ) ... 
  the same has happened in poland . 
  happily we 've got 7.8 % unemployment right now - the lowest since 2009 , the lowest value before the crisis was 6.8 % . 
  10 years ago unemployment was 18,5 % . 
  in 2002 - a bit over 20 % . 
  so we 're doing okay , i guess . 
   state owned companies in poland are inefficient , domniated by nepotism and corruption  implying private companies do n't have these they do , but it 's impossible to compare them . 
  private mines have to bring profit to its owners ( and they do so ! ) . 
  state owned are privileged , because miners get to warsaw , throw some bricks and get their coal ( which is more expensive to excavate , because of low productivity and high costs , which are generated by lack of neccessary equipment and absurd wages , and employment structure - too many office workers per miner ; miners are n't the problem , but management , which is employed from families and friends of few decisive blokes ) . 
  i agree for high wages and special social security for miners , but that 's not the case in the issue of mismanagement of polish coal mines . 
  as soon as a mine is privtized , it starts to make profits . 
  there is a valid reason for that . 
  also , public sector in post-communist countries was/is simply corrupt . 
  that 's why we 've tried to privitize almost everything , to make our economy more healthy and competetive . 
  unfortunately large part of privatized companies were bought by former partymembers and communist secret services agents . 
  [ poland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajq4ovceidq&amp;ab_channel=wiewior09 ) . 
  and [ russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uajzlkt4qr0&amp;ab_channel=jediking12 ) . 
  * [ tips fedora ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/82yhd99yxny/maxresdefault.jpg ) *, 
  you should n't . 
  if we were to have a non-national eu capital , it should be built from scratch . 
  and no one will agree on olcation , fundings and so on , so it will not happen . 
  the same observation . 
  i 'm a man , i smoke occasionally ( mainly cigars and pipe ) . 
  most of women in my age ( mid twenties ) , that i know , smoke . 
  as for guys - a handful of smokers , most of them smoke occasionally ( less than a pack of cigarettes a month ) . 
  thank god we do n't celebrate `` victory '' day . 
  it was n't our victory , why should we celebrate it ? 
  our victory day , darmed forces day , is on 15th of july , when we 've defeated bolsheviks in the battle of warsaw . 
  the most glorious day of the last 100 years , when we 've defended our freshly aquired independence . 
  awesome !, 
  finland , are you even trying ? 
  seriously ? 
  who was that bloke ? 
  mr. juncker is the only one who is still relevant , is n't he ? 
  they wo n't even get to poland , they do n't have visas . 
  himmler :  one basic principle must be the absolute rule for the ss men : we must be honest , decent , loyal and comradely to members of our own blood and to nobody else . 
  what happens to a russian , to a czech , does not interest me in the slightest . 
  what other nations can offer in the way of good blood of our type , we will take , if necessary , by kidnapping their children and raising them here with us . 
  whether nations live in prosperity or starve to death interests me only so far as we need them as slaves for our culture ; otherwise , it is of no interest to me . 
  whether 10,000 russian females fall down from exhaustion while digging an antitank ditch interests me only insofar as the anti-tank ditch for germany is finished . 
  after ww1 there were supposed to be no more wars , mate . 
  we have to be careful , history teaches us that even the most unlikely outcome is possible . 
  i speak : - polish , - english , - german ( currently learning , but i understand a lot ) , - korean ( i 've learned it for 3 years , now most of my knowledge has gone , but i plan on picking it up in few years ) , - chinese ( i 'm currently learning hanyu , finishing my first year of learning ) , - to some degree slovak and russian ( i 've lived near slovak border , and i 've learned russian for some time , so i know alphabet and know some words ) . 
  i plan on learning malay . 
  and mastering korean and chinese . 
  so you 're from tampere , right ? 
  polish units were allies ... and our attack was the last , and successful , one . 
  it 's one of the greatest songs about ww2 . 
  and one of the most heroic battles . 
  big upvote . 
   red poppies beneath monte cassino , instead of russia drank polish blood . 
   through those poppies soldiers were walking and dying , but dnieper was stronger than death '' the second one could be interpreted as : `` from those deaths , dnieper was stronger '' edit : so there are ukrainian bits in this song too !, 
  i do n't see anything wrong with thoes posters . 
  and i agree with them . 
  while i think that same-sex couples should n't face discrimination , i do n't see a need for them to be institutionalized ( in form of a legal institution , not social institution - they 'd be a social institution even if they 'd been banned ) . 
  i do n't believe that a same-sex couple is as valuable in rising children as a marriage - men and women are diffrent , think and act diffrent , it 's important to have both sexes present during the upbringing of a child . 
  sure , there are broken marriages and single parents , but it 's unavoidable . 
  it should n't happen , but we can not prevent it - we can help people who are in such difficult situation , but it 's not desirable . 
  i see nothing wrong with aknowledging that there are gay couples - even if i do n't agree with their values , i do n't think that preaching to them is the right thing to do . 
  in the same time i think , that they should have an opportunity to take all the legal matters like the right to a hospital visit , inheritance and legal representation , to their own hands and agree on the terms of their relationship in an agreement , a civil law contract . 
  but i do n't see the need for tax cuts ( those are for people who have kids ) . 
  and please , do n't downvote me for expressing my opinion . 
  also , posting things like `` it 's 2015 , duh '' is silly . 
  i 've thought that historical determinism is a thing of a past , apparently it 's not . 
  also , i think that calling people , that have diffrent opinion than the liberal majority of reddit , names is just rude . 
  learn some respect for those who do n't want to join a circlejerk and are willing to express their opinion , even if their values are diffrent from yours . 
  cheers !, 
  i ;d argue if it was the biggest protest , but it was an important event nonetheless !, 
  around 700 000 workers took place in the protests in 1980 in poland . 
  those protests led to creating nszz `` solidarno\u015b\u0107 '' , which had 10 milion members . 
  but it 's not a competition , golaniad was also a big protest , but i think the title of your post is a tad misleading . 
  i especially like those lyrics mentioned in the wiki article :  better to be a tramp than a traitor ,  better to be a hooligan than a dictator ,  better to be a hoodlum than an activist ,  better to be dead than a communist, 
  catholicism was forced on them by austrians . 
  czechs have long protestant traditions , starting with jan hus , then they 've had protestant king from pallatinate during the thirty years ' war . 
  but they were defeated in the bitva na bile hore . 
  this was the end of independent bohemia - for the next 300 years czechs were weakened , because austrians massacred their elites in this battle and then enforced germanization of country and promoted catholicism . 
  after the ii ww atheistic communism did n't help developing religiosity of czechs . 
  and in poland , after the deluge , catholicism was strictly linked to the polish identity , it only strengthed during partitions , german and soviet occupation . 
  [ wtb bundes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=macekfoek_w ) first g\u00f3ral rapper . 
  it was an incident . 
  brutal and sad but an incident nonetheless . 
  saying that poles were partners in holocaust makes an impression of impying that it was on a large scale , an organized collaboration of some sort ( like with vichy ) . 
  but all the jazz with jan hus , bitva na bile hore and so on , made czechs less religious . 
  it was a proces that has happened five hundred years ago . 
  in poland church was crucial in preserving our identity and has played a great role in the fight against communism . 
  i agree with the first two ( death penalty and abortion ) but it 's not unpopular view in poland , most of people think like that . 
  in case of russia - i think that russia is evil . 
  i like russians , it 's always nice to meet them abroad in some god-forsaken place ( non-touristic places of south-east asia ) - but it 's the same with germans , czechs , slovaks and hungarians , we have a lot in common , so it 's always good to talk to folks from those countries . 
  but russia - a state - is a pure evil and should not exist . 
  chill , we 've alread bought mazeikai ( mo\u017cejki in polish ) . 
  also , it 's pretty close to secret cia prisons . 
  we 've got you covered . 
  * ungh *,
