   property tax would immediately cause bigger supply , lower unit cost and decreased interest rates due to less lending ... which would actually decrease rents . 
  i can not agree . 
  property tax could lead to decrease in property investments . 
  it is also quite easy to avoid paying it - you just have to give those properties to your family members . 
  this way peoiple will try also to avoid paying other taxes associated with running a bussines ( which people like my family pay ) . 
  enforcing the law will require more bureaucrats , thus increasing costs of administration with lower revenue from taxes ( pit particulary ) . 
   i think it 's going to come in the next time we are close to the constitutional debt limits ( 3 years ? ), 
  increasing taxes is not a good idea . 
  it will be like with exise tax - increasing taxation results with lower revenue . 
  in some way we are fighting those losses by increasing exports , i thought ( according to tradingeconomies.com data ) that we 'll have a surplus for the first time in iii rp , but we should cross this trade rubicon this year ( we were close to this groundbreaking change , though ) . 
  again , increasing taxation did n't do us any good . 
  we ahve to change the whole structure of budget expeditures and optimalize taxes , because since the grand tax reform , all changes ( apart from deleting 3rd treshold by pis , which those idiots want to bring back ) were stupid and led to decrease of revenues . 
  the thing is , that we should try not to increase taxes , but to make sure that everyone pays them . 
  we do this by making taxes less hurtful and easier to pay . 
  sorry for a textawall . 
  :-( ah , one more - renting for tourists is fine , it will be an addition to a pension for my parents . 
  we 've invested a lot of money into this bussines , there were times when it was tad better , but it 's not thet bad at the moment either . 
  there is no reason to sell it , tourism in poland is becoming more and more international , so we do n't have to be afraid of demographics , too . 
  not me , my mum . 
  and still , this is not a typical `` landlord-like '' situation , it 's tourism , not housing . 
   not according to eu rules . 
  how so ? 
  also , the facts is what matters . 
  with rest of your post - i agree , however you do n't have to write exact same words five times in the same topic . 
  ;-) more taxation hits middle class in the first place , while little to nothing is achieved . 
  well , i would n't describe myself as a libertarian . 
  neither would i think that making as much money as possible , at whatever cost to society is good . 
   into the pockets of landlord scum . 
  no wonder you 're in favour of them i 'm not a landlord , nor anyone in my family is . 
  as i 've said , we rent to tourists . 
  and if i was a landlord , you would have just insulted me , not knowing me at all . 
  way to go , pal . 
   that is someone else 's problem , like romania for example . 
  when they cross a border , they become your problem too . 
  in poland , historically , there were n't a lot of gypsies . 
  after 1989 there was large influx of them from romania , hundreds of thousands . 
  fortunately , most of them came back to romania . 
  but you 're right , giving them a house is a waste of house , because large portion of them is not integrated at all . 
  we could have an agreement with some of them - you 'll get a house , but you have to work and your children have to go to school . 
  but usually social services are not prone to do anything above granting them shelter . 
  you 're mentioning something very important - some of those unoccupied houses , as well as those that are situated in touristic or desolate places , has got little to no value in terms of helping homelessnes and/or increasing the rate of individual property ownership ( although / u/pringlepringle is probably suggesting abandoning medieval concept of private ownership of land and handing the housing of its people to the government [ sorry for sarcasm ] ) . 
  even if in europe is twice as many unoccupied building as there are homeless , that does n't mean , that they are of any value . 
  those places has to be in cities , where is work . 
  also , it has to be a low-profile work , because vast majority of homeless is uneducated . 
  also , it is worth mentioning , that large portion of those homeless are either homeless , because they do n't want to live in a society , as we do . 
  we can not force them to live in a house and work for a living . 
  the second big group are those , who are deeply troubled , either by addiction or mental illness . 
  providing a house for them is also useless - we need facilities that can take care of them , because they can not do this on their own . 
  and i think that charities are doing great job in this matter and we have to support them with our money . 
  it 's better to give your money to a homeless shelter , which will not only provide a roof over a homeless person 's head , but also help them by teaching some useful skills , cleaning them and feeding , instead of giving it to a beggar . 
  idealistic ? 
  i would n't let the state to do a thing with my property , nor would i expect it to do anything for me . 
  let me live my life without interference . 
  last time i 've checked people were greedy , no matter , if they wokred in government or not . 
  and handling millions of properties as a government run enterprise would be both very prone to corruption and inefficient . 
  the only way out of this mess is providing government credits for young couples looking for their own place . 
  not killing a housing and tourist bussines , which are productive ( by providing places for people who do n't have money to buy their own place , or do n't want to do so , for various reasons/providing places in tourist regions for people who does n't have money to live in a hotel ) . 
  such uniform , state-run and socialist proposal as yours , is revolting to me . 
  maybe food and clothes should be also provided by the state ? 
  so then we would have no rental investments , and people who could n't afford buying a home would n't have a place to live in . 
  prices of rent and holidays would rise inevitably . 
  one of the main sources of income for my family is tourist bussines and it 's not that easy , if we had to pay even more taxes for that , prices would have to be rised . 
  and many people would lose their only mean of income . 
  even more , it would benefit the wealthiest house owners , who have large mansions , where they rent only part of it and in the same time live in it . 
  when we have ( my family ) one studio apartment , one two-rooms apartment and a cottage we rent , we would be ruined . 
  and in the meantime , a guy i know , who has got a large guesthouse with dozens of rooms , would be a-okay . 
  not to mention some hotel-owners i know , for them those taxes would be easy to bypass , by , for example , giving some of the properties to their children or spouses . 
  so you think that commies are better ? 
  or current government , which is representing only itself and bureucrats ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i do not support pis , but still , i think that we need a change of ruling party asap . 
  well , they still use this symbol in their national airlines ' logo : http://blog.bilety-lotnicze-online.pl/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/aeroflot1.jpeg, 
  but you have dendi . 
  and other guys in na'vi . 
  good for you !, 
  the best thing i 've seen in a long time !, 
  also : https://twitter.com/sikorskiradek/status/436887919484469248/photo/1, 
  [ places where lenin monuments were destroyed yesterday ] ( http://static.kresy.pl/image/gf/b701769a608716900782a630e27467c4.jpg ) . 
  look at [ georgia ] ( http://translate.google.pl/translate?sl=pl&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=pl&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.kresy.pl%2fwydarzenia%2cpolityka%3fzobacz%2fgruzja-swiatowy-fenomen-w-walce-z-korupcja ) , it is possible to fight corruption . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's still a grand story , i hope that media will focus on that . 
  okay , that was my first thought . 
  there are virtually no non-cyrillic soures on that , i think this is a major news , so if anyone could find something ( even in ukrainian , there is googletranslate , and i read cyrillic , especially ukrainian , because it 's similar to polish ) , that would be great ,, 
  that 's a good point . 
  i mean , it is an insurgency right now . 
  i do n't think that `` following a protocol '' is a thing for paramedics there , atm . 
  also , `` runnin civil disorder '' is a term good to describe the situation in ukraine ... 
  even in the war-like situation ? 
  they act as army medics right now , should n't they help those that were injured asap ? 
  read this : http://tygodnik.onet.pl/wwwylacznie/rosja-w-glowach-czyli-ukraina-wschodnia-patrzy-na-kijow/1kkhx remember that some of opposition leaders are from the east . 
  influence of oligarchs is too strong there to show you opinion , if it 's not `` i love yanukovitsch , i love achmetov '' . 
   ( 20:49 ) a ukrainian deputy , iacov zaiko , died amid the violent protests . 
  any info on that ? 
  deputy of what ? 
   berkut ( basically the ukrainian swat ) . 
  it 's not swat , it 's [ zomo ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zomo ) . 
  the ** beating ** heart of the party, 
  yeah , i 've written below that i was apparently wrong . 
  but thanks for your input !, 
   these shields would n't protect you from a sniper rifle shot . 
  that 's why people are dying .
