  any non-selective methods of catching birds is illegal in the eu . 
  i think that germany still suffers from this ah guy 's insane ideas . 
  there is nothing wrong with national identity or nations creating states , there is however `` something '' wrong with xenophobia and chauvinisme , not to say about genocidal racism . 
  nation states allow for cultural emancipation of people . 
  if i 'm not able to be free to cultivate my gtraditions and speak with my l1 , i 'll feel oppressed . 
  yep , oikophobia is one of the biggest problems not only of academics , but also of european mainstream parties . 
  damn , spain , you should learn calendar ... 
  well , the most powerful figure in pre-war poland was a lithuanian , so ... 
  great car . 
  well , poland was pretty equal in terms of gender before communism . 
  women could inherit and be wole owners hundreds of years ago , we had a woman as a king in 14th century , and in 1918 we had women sufferage . 
  comuunism came after . 
  not my circus , not my monkeys . 
  pfff , do n't be ignorant - http://ssrp.org.pl/?page_id=2, 
  i was supposed to be a factory , but then they 've changed a concept ( because of deindustrialization ) and from the third floor they 've started to build a blok . 
  and then polish expat from switzerland ( a detective afaik ) decided to build a penthouse on top of it . 
  it has ( unfinished ) pool and ( unfinished ) helipad . 
  and someone takes care of it , because there are some potted plants inside ( you can watch some drone videos of this majestic wtf on yt ) . 
  i found a video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rpc6s54oedq&amp;ab_channel=flyeyevideo yeah , you can even see a guy up there ... 
  fresh coat of paint on a brutalist building ? 
  / o \\ just scrub it , raw concrete is the essence of this style . 
  brutalism can be great and impressive , it just needs proper maintenance . 
  you mean [ those guys ] ( https://media.guim.co.uk/899d69523c8b9321aaf28cdeaf1322c5766eeae6/0_197_3500_2099/3500.jpg ) ? 
  the small dot next to rzesz\u00f3w is \u0141a\u0144cut castle , where the declaration was signed yesterday . 
  [ declaration ] ( http://pis.org.pl/uploads/tinymce/viacarpatia1.jpg ) . 
  it starts when you can not see anymore . 
  we have nato bordering russia - poland , lithuania , estonia . 
  turkey 's also quite close , not to mention good old usa . 
  the main problem is the fact , that they 've been put in a situation of forzen conflict with crimea ( and pretty hot one with donbas ) . 
  nato wo n't accept as a member country which does not control it 's territory ( so georgia and moldova too ) . 
  well , we do n't have that many of them . 
  i 'm from the mountains and that 's probably one of the few places where bears live . 
  and i 'm avoiding going to woods after sunfall in the autumn , because they are so cocky , they even go out in the [ streets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ocllrk5ibo&amp;ab_channel=rafa%c5%82grzesiak ) . 
  meh , the main problem is with constitution ( solvable ) and taxes ( probably unsolvable ) . 
  generally speaking a lot of changes go in right direction ( like changing article 374 of criminal procedure code , more emphasis on mediation in civil procedure code ) . 
  we can not agree on principles , that 's a fact , but a lot of changes make a lot of sense . 
  i 'd say that we have problem with lawyers . 
  i 'm finishing my llm and i 'm disgusted with lack of emphasis on ethics and discussing legal problems - we 're mainly taught pure law ( before that - theory of law , but without talking about ethics or legal argumentation ) . 
  some of lecturers made some effort to talk about those issues , but they 're in minority , usually we 're just taught which articles will be important on an exam ( and i 'm studying at the top department of law in poland ) and we have to memorise them . 
  the most valuable courses are facultative . 
  and people tend to choose `` the important ones '' , which are the least valuable . 
  and we 're left with hundreds of scummy lawyers graduating every year ... 
  in poland milk in bags is pasteurized , not uht ( and it 's harder to find ) . 
  it 's not fair to discuss only negative aspects of austrian rule - there were many ( especially in the first half of 19th century ) , for example galician slaughter , when austrians paid peasant thugs for polish nobility 's heads ( literally ) or the fact , that galicia was very poor and central government did n't even want to invest there ( parts controlled by germany were relatively wealthy and industrialized , congress poland was the most industrialized part of russian empire , the only part of pre-19th century poland , that was less wealthy than galicia , was `` ziemie zabrane '' , current lithuania , western belarus and western ukraine ) . 
  but after 1860s galicia began to develop , lw\u00f3w and krak\u00f3w were the most important centres of polish culture ( lw\u00f3w - popculture , krak\u00f3w - high culture ) . 
  poles were austrian pms two times ( potocki and badeni ) - something that was impossible in german empire ( more probable in russia ) . 
  and it 's worth to remember , that pi\u0142sudski 's legion was formed in austria with austrian permission , and it was the first polish army since the january uprising . 
  corned beef , potatoes , onion , beetroot , pickled gherkin , herring ( last two as sides ) . 
  ukrainian - solyanka and ukrainian barszcz ( polish barszcz is different , either clear and very light or with sour cream , but without any veggies ) . 
  as for pizza - simple marinara is the best ( a pie with tomato sauce and lots of garlic ) . 
  linguists are able to find patterns in languages ( e.g. 
  how some vowels are replaced with other vowels , or how some words are getting shorter ) by analyzing those patterns they are able to get to a common root of certain languages and recreate a word , that most probably was spoken before e.g. 
  balto-slavic langauges split into all those separate langauges . 
   not one tank , not one battalion is at cremea area borders . 
   ukraine had no scruple to shoot rebels in the eastern ukraine . 
  in crimea complete silence . 
  that 's because in crimea they would have to shoot russian soldiers with russian insignias on their shoulders . 
  in donbas they fight `` little green men '' , who do not wear russian army outfits . 
  if they tried to do anything to russians in crimea , they 'd have a full-blown invasion , not a hybrid war on outrskirts of their country . 
  it still exists , members are all non-eu balkan states . 
   is that pipeline that comes through poland and ukraine now only a one-way pipeline ? 
  mostly it is . 
  interconnectors has been added to polish infrastructure only recently ( afaik with germany , czechia and maybe slovakia ) , i think that there is no such infrastructure on polish-ukrainian border . 
   because if it is possible to also move gas from germany to the east there is one problem - afaik germany will not be able to do so with gas bought from russia , gazprom contracts forbid it . 
  the thing is - if germany is willing to build nord stream 2 , they probably will not want to break an agreement with gazprom on reselling the fuel . 
  and even if there was an eu regulation - ukraine is not in eu , poland would be covered but not ukraine . 
  we are building an interconnector with ukraine , so we 'll be able to technically send gas to them , but according to contracts with ruskies , we should not do so . 
  ukraine is in much worse position than poland . 
  we have our new lng terminal , interconnectors with germany and czechia , we 've started negotiating with norway ( there was a plan to make a pipe from norway back in 1990s but postcommunists sabotaged it ) . 
  ukraine has nothing . 
  germany building nord stream 2 increases the risk of ukraine becoming a failed state . 
  is it ? 
  twitter is extremely popular tool for some people ( mainly politicians , journalists , and people in academia ) , there are even tweetups with our president and `` first government tweetup in the world '' . 
  according to wirtualnemedia.pl there were 2.5-3 mln . 
  users monthly in 2014 ( up to 14 % of internet users in poland ) . 
  op 's map is several years old and twitter is pretty popular in poland , but it 's mainly used by people interested in politics ( and teenagers , and k-pop fans ) . 
  means ` thunder ' . 
  [ dzika , dzika bomba , dibidaridomba ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2iugfurqyhs&amp;ab_channel=viperprod ) . 
  it was a huge hit in poland ( people mostly watched it ironically , i think ) . 
  yeah , only poland is not in visa waiver . 
  polish-americans are one of the biggest groups in the usa , they fear that we 'll just move there en-masse after they lift the restrictions . 
  she was a thing in poland 10 years ago . 
  we 've assumed all those people died out already . 
  i 'm from zakopane , everyone knows that janosik was a slovakian thug , commies needed some kind of peasant hero , so they 've picked him , some kind of tremendous bullshit about centuries long struggle of proletariat fighting agains the landowners ... yeah , janosik was adopted by prl because of marxism . 
  look at the large picture - it does n't matter if slovenian has those dots connecting it to albanian and croatian does n't . 
  slovenian is the closest language to the romance family , that 's why it 's the closest to albanian ( which is even closer to romance ) and that 's why they 're connected ( because they 're close on the chart , not because they lone words from each other ) . 
  on the other hand - poland loans a lot more from germanic languages , that 's why it 's more to the `` north west '' on the graph , and romanian loans heavily from slavic languages , that 's why it 's the most to the `` east '' among romance languages . 
  trailer park boys go finland . 
  sure , but i was thinking about a different aspect of this phenomenon . 
  the fact , that some people are in a position of power ( have influence on others and can promote their ideas ) does n't mean that they 're right . 
  all things i 've mentioned were considered `` scientific '' , but were , in fact , a bunch of ideological and heartless bs . 
  the fact that a nobel prize winner has the same position in an anonymous debate on the internet as a person working a mundane job is wonderful . 
  silencing opinions that are considered unwanted just because someone does n't agree with them can be harmful to the community . 
  considering others idiots on this basis is wrong . 
  i just do n't agree with eco , i think that being a succesful scientist does n't mean your opinion on most topics is more valued than `` wine drinking idiot 's '' . 
  people who are sitting in a bar rarely try to change the laws of physics , they usually are angry that public transportation is crappy , their boss shitty and pay too low . 
  the fact , that you may express yourself on the internet is something great , the fact that you might be grumpy and unpleasant - well , it 's your right . 
  it 's not like 100 years ago people listened only to their priest and educated people , a lot of ideas spread by word of mouth ( just like today - idiotic things like thinking that msg is bad for you , or that gluten-free diet will amke you healthier , even if you do n't have a celliac disease ) . 
  original gameboy strip poker games were great . 
  all those babes in glorious black and green ...
