  if you 're refering to macierewicz 's words , it was dug up by wyborcza ( and picked up by newsweek et consortes ) from an interview with him in 2015 , before the elections . 
  and no , we 're still doing the new silk road ( not that it 's economically viable ) . 
  post-truth at its finest . 
  it does . 
  polish spelling is n't that hard , it just looks intimidating . 
  but , unlike our grammar , it 's pretty straightforward and consistent . 
  to je \u010dlun , kurva . 
  that and no ventilation . 
  yeah , we were allies of denmark back then . 
  fun fact - polish troops helped in danish invasion of england back in the 11th century . 
  `` za kr\u00f3la olbrachta wygin\u0119\u0142a szlachta '' ( `` in the time of king albert , * szlachta * [ nobility ] has died out '' ) . 
  battle of ko\u017amin . 
  80 000 polish troops ambushed by you guys ( and turks !, 
  good to hear you 've enjoyed your stay in my hometown !, 
  you were lucky to have this kind of weather , past few years were pretty warm and there was n't much snow . 
  i am a zakopane native !, 
  just enjoy your time !, 
  remember - zakopane has a lot of culture , not only goral culture , because it was one of the most important cultural centres for polish people in the late 19th , early 20th century . 
  see places like willa atma ( and other villas ) . 
  as for restaurants - villa toscana has awesome food ( especially their beef is superb ) . 
  pubs - vintage is probably the most enjoyable , appendix is also quite nice . 
  cafe tygodnik is a must - great view of both tatry and guba\u0142\u00f3wka . 
  oh yeah , go to guba\u0142\u00f3wka - great view of the city and tatry . 
  grab a beer and a sausage in a restaurant there and enjoy your view !, 
  [ ja sem pitbull ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smepmh_dvto ) !, 
  sure , but it 's nice that the no. 1 is something positive . 
  krak\u00f3w 's main market square is a unique and beautiful place , i 'm happy that people enjoy it that much . 
  edit : oh , and for all of you who plan to visit krak\u00f3w - there is great art gallery in sukiennice ( cloth hall ) in the centr of the square . 
  breathtaking paintings . 
  and they have probably the best coffee shop/pub on the rynek , the view is amazing ( in warmer months , because you sit outside , on the cloth hall 's roof ) . 
  yeah , ever heard of narva ? 
  of course , i know that !, 
  it 's shame that so many people go to the louvre just to say that they were in the louvre . 
  it makes it harder for people who enjoy art to study pieces there . 
  thankfully there are parts of the museum , where you can be basically alone , full of amazing paintings . 
  not that long ago we managed to get back some paintings from germany . 
  this is a difficult process , but i think it 's an imporant to try . 
  imo lady with an ermine is more adequately presented than mona lisa . 
  iirc the room it 's displayed in is way smaller and is focused on the painting . 
  in case of mona lisa all that space around it ( and the wedding in cana ) make it look very small and underwhelming . 
  and we 've tried to get them back for last hundred years . 
  both my friends experience and / r/europe news . 
  the fact that he was a lorry driver is also important . 
  not to mention discrimination non-german lorry drivers experience while working in germany . 
  the thing is , japanese were held in concentration camps mere 60 years ago . 
  filipinos come from a third-world country ruled by violence . 
  despite that they stay civil . 
  unemployment in pozna\u0144 - 2 % , warsaw and krak\u00f3w - 4 % . 
  your photo is accurate , here , in zakopane , it 's snowing right now . 
  what ? 
  moreover , it 's not a competition . 
  all those things are amazing . 
  and / u/neohellpoet is right - it 's far better to cover something else in solar panels , than a road ( which is mainly used during a day ) . 
  now i 'm hungary . 
  huh ? 
  it 's warsaw , it 's quite clean . 
  here , in krak\u00f3w , it 's worse , mainly because of the terrain . 
  hon , hon !, 
  but it 's awesome . 
  police found a body in the truck ... 
  as normal as a religion teacher being a minister of internal affairs . 
  presidential every 5 years , parliamentary every 4 years . 
  the thing is parliament should just spew acts like the one regarding journos , without consulting the issue with said journos . 
  imposing a law so quickly , without consideration and public discussion is wrong . 
  i see nothing wrong with restricting the presence of journos in the parliament building , but pis should n't do it above their heads , without consulting them . 
  and most certainly they should n't fall for a simple trick with occupying the podium . 
  that was idiotic . 
  they should 've let them stand there , turn off the lights and go sleep . 
  instead they added fuel to this fuckfest engine . 
  the thing that bothers me the most is that po is n't that different . 
  their politics were equally scummy , but they had finesse , which pis lacks . 
  you have to be a complete moron to vote on an issue as important as the budget in the manner they did . 
  the most terrifying to me is the reaction of staunch pis supporters . 
  they are a bunch of morons , who now attack journos from `` pro-pis media '' who agree that it was an asinine move . 
  i did n't realize that we could reach that high level of `` polish-polish war '' , apparently we could and we did . 
  and i am not renouncing reality - as i 've mentioned before , i think that it was the last straw for me and i wo n't vote for the coalition in the next election ( i 've never voted for pis , i 've voted for gowin , who is imo a competent minister of science and i hope he 'll manage to push his reforms ) . 
  i think that coalition is now weaker than many people imagine , and pis will ultimately lose a big chunk of support . 
  also , one more thing - there is a lot of things pis has done good , most notable for me is the amber gold comission ( judicature in pomorskie is a fucking disgrace , the state of polish courts in general is abysmal ) . 
  i also support 500 + and think it 's one of the biggest civilizational achievements of last few years for us . 
  but to be so stupid and fuck it all up out of spite and blind hatred of your fellow compatriots ... 
  it 's disgusting . 
  and i think that po is the same . 
  back in 2005 , as a wee lad , i was a big supporter of the popis . 
  now i think it 's a disease destroying our country . 
  well , after that i 've lost faith both in the coalition and the opposition . 
  it 's obvious that the opposition wanted escalation and blocked sala plenarna intentionally , they wanted to do so in advance , pose\u0142 szczerba 's case was only an excuse . 
  and it was brilliant , because pis did the worst thing they could - continued the session in other room . 
  tbh i think it was legal - they had quorum , they did it in bad taste . 
  the whole `` not letting opposition mps to the room '' thing was because pis first started an internal party meeting , and after it they 've started the session . 
  and yeah , they did it to make it hardwer for the opposition to get into the sala kolumnowa . 
  malicious , but not illegal ( in my opinion as a lawyer ) . 
  bipartisanship at its worst . 
  so everybody knows - it is criticized by almost everyone , including so called `` right wing '' journos . 
  jesus , it 's hilarious !, 
  nope , slovak is far easier to understand . 
  polish church allowed eating meat on the wigilia few years ago , but most of us are fasting - tradition is a powerful thing . 
  but !, 
  during a fast we can eat eggs and drink milk , only meat is forbidden ( and not in every case , we can use lard to fry and bits of bacon on our pierogi , according to some franciscan website i 've consulted on this matter ) . 
  we eat carp since 13th century , it 's not like commies introduced it to our cusine ... 
  oh , hungarian cuisine is great for hangover .
