  people who voted en-masse on commies were mainly from territories which were a part of soviet union before ww2 , were n't they ? 
  but you 're pretty atheistic . 
  we , as a society , are more religious , and religion is part of our national identity . 
  the fact , that those guys were in power ( literally those guys - miller was an important member of pzpr , even central comittee , back in 1980s ) priests were murdered , [ like popie\u0142uszko ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jerzy_popie%c5%82uszko ) . 
  civilian people were also murdered , like [ przemyk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/grzegorz_przemyk ) . 
  we 're not talking about 1940s and 1950s , when my great-grandpa was murdered by ub , but about 1980s . 
  politicians from sld are crooks and were part of a criminal organization . 
  the only people that voted for them are old commies and disillusioned leftists . 
  they 're distributionists . 
  they believe that the state should be active in strategic sectors of the economy , and should actively help people that need financial support . 
   they also threatened to conscript protesting doctors and this guy is now with po . 
   hinder transplantations by publicly accusing a doctor of killing his patients one of the most successful po 's pr spins : [ it 's a myth ] ( http://www.rynekzdrowia.pl/rynek-zdrowia/to-mit-ze-brakuje-dawcow,50673.html ) . 
  yep , pis was n't ready for the government in 2005 . 
  everyone thought it would be po-pis coalition , it did n't work out . 
  after 8 years in opposition , they 're ready . 
  if they 'll have majority , they 'll be 100 % responsible for every success and every failure , i hope they wo n't need any coalition partners . 
  his brother is a stalinist murderer : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stefan_michnnik father was a soviet-ukrainian communist : https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/ozjasz_szechter, 
  pis was in power for 2 years - for one year with minority government , for one in coalition with lepper and giertych . 
  it 's really hard to tell what they 'll do , but they 're better prepared for ruling than 8 years ago . 
  and that 's good . 
  you 're native for me . 
  with thresholds it 's a handicap . 
  those silly characters are called `` ogonki '' , mate . 
  you ca n't ogonki at all . 
  you stil have csu . 
  they wo n't !, 
  pis would devour psl just like they did it with lpr and samoobrona and they know it !, 
  pis has already take a chunk from pis with psl 's former boss - wojciechowski . 
  pals call each other lads , buddy . 
  the biggest party gets a handicap . 
  over 10 % of votes for parties that did n't get into sejm also helps them . 
  that 's true . 
  po would n't win for last 8 years , if it was n't for pis . 
  but pis did n't fall from a tall horse back in 2008 ( they even gained more votes since 2005 ) . 
  po was smashed like sld in 2001 . 
  finally !, 
  i 'm in minority , here on reddit , but i 'm really happy . 
  they 're not socialist , they 're more of distributists . 
  yep . 
  no post-commies , that 's a huge success . 
  there will be a left party in the next sejm , but thankfully commies are out . 
  and for the first time in the history of iii rp we 'll have a single-party majority . 
  po 's loss is bigger than pis 's from 2007 , that 's pretty insane . 
  seriously , being hysteric is silly . 
  as long as you do n't agitate , you can write whatever you want . 
  / u/thetonn - korwin getting to sejm would wind up reddit the most . 
  pis was shown as most likely winner in polls before our infamous cisza wyborcza . 
  according to polls , only two parties would get into sejm with 100 % certainty - pis and po . 
  psl wo n't go hand in hand with pis , there is no option . 
  typical psl voter 's second choice is pis , it would be a death wish . 
   probably win, 
  yeah , no . 
  in poland wainter time is far better ( especially in winter ) , waking up and having to wait for sun for an hour is a nightmare . 
  i prefer sunset at 16:30 ( yep , 20 minutes earlier than yours ) but sunrise before 7 am . 
  and in december we 'll have sunrises after 7 am ( even 7:30 ) . 
  i ca n't imagine having to wait two hours for a sunrise . 
  walking into a lecture hall in total darkness in a morning . 
  :[ i do n't like early sunsets either , but it 's hard to wake up before 7 am even with sunlight , without it it 's just depressing . 
  for the first time in my life i 've voted for a party that 'll probably win . 
  we can draw , write anything we want on it - it 'll still be valid . 
  it 's invalid , if we draw an `` x '' next to more than one candidate . 
  the dankest country in the world . 
  we probably wo n't . 
  in polls po won only in pomorskie and opolskie . 
  check out today 's gazeta wyborcza , in some cases it 's not valid in poland too ... 
  1956 is remembered well in poland - both pozna\u0144 ( it 's called the last polish insurection by some ) and hungary . 
  it was even an essay topic in a test history matura back when i was preparing to it ( 6 years ago or so ) . 
  we could choose either polish-hungarian relations back in the 14th century , or 1956 . 
  i choes 1956 , because i was fascinated by events in your country and even knew days , and even hours of some events . 
  we remember you and your suffering and i hope you remember us !, 
  i 'm in a minority here on reddit , but i 'll vote for pis . 
  we need a new government , hopefully no coalition . 
  it 's not like i 'm an ardent supporter of this party ( i 'm tad more fiscally conservative ) , but they 're the only party that in my eyes mught do some good . 
  and i hope that po will change ( with schetyna as a leader ) , so there 'll be two parties to choose from . 
  and does gazwyb pretend to by objective ? 
  but you should . 
  would you like a neighbour who does n't believe in karel * gott * , would you ? 
  slovenes - swiss of slavs . 
  it was an interesing country , most of us are nostalgic when talking about it . 
  we love interbellum culture , we love wilno and lw\u00f3w , everyone knows at least one song from a musical `` w\u0142\u00f3cz\u0119gi '' ( `` tylko we lwowie '' - `` only in lw\u00f3w '' ) . 
  but it 's gone . 
  and stalin fucked us hard by moving our borders - but the fact that we are homogenous country is an upside . 
  the only real , sizeable minority we have are germans - and they 're pretty polonized . 
  that makes running country a lot easier , because we do n't have to deal with separatism , ethnic tensions , racism and things like that . 
  i mean , yeah , some people might make racist comments , but jerks will be jerks ( the same way people insult other over other things , like weight or wealth ) . 
  there is no instutitional racism , no social divide between people of diffrent ethnicities . 
  we 're pretty equal . 
  and the fact that everyone got fucked by commies and nowadays there is no aristocracy is also a plus ( in a way - it 's not a good thing we got all fucked , but it made us more equal as citizens of the most serene ) . 
  no , no . 
  aristocratic leftist squareshag . 
  i was taught that the only two acceptable things i can do in public is standing or sitting ( kneeling in church - only on the left knee , because i 'm a man ) . 
  i 've never squatted in my life ( except for some toilets in asia , which was hard as fuck , because i 'm not used to squatting ) . 
  i do n't ever see people squating in poland ( except for my mate , but he squats only on his chair , while playing dota , not in public ) . 
  there was n't poland during the war . 
  that 's the thing people seem to forget - our legal government was in london ( and it stayed there until 1990 ) , territory that was occupied was either annexed by germany or governed as general government . 
  main square in krak\u00f3w ( which was renamed to krakau and was the capital of gg ) was renamed adolf hitler platz . 
  poles did n't work for the government - except for some low ranking bureucrats and policemen . 
  there was no polish ss division . 
  millions of polish civilizans died both in territories occupied by soviets and germans . 
  accusations hurt us , because it 's deeply personal .
