  i 'd blame tazos ( star wars or pokemon ) on this . 
  they 've stopped adding those to bags of crisps , have n't they ? 
  you do n't need it , until you need it badly . 
  so am i. 
  joining eurozone is/was crucial for small countries like lithuania or slovakia - our economy is big enough to have our own currency . 
  i would n't mind joining a fiscal union - but it might be not profitable enough to risk it , we 're still quite poor . 
  5 pln for a cheap beer ( usually shitty , expired crap on tap or in a really local , not trendy place like `` u joli '' ) . 
  7 pln for a regular , fresh beer on tap in a good location . 
  10 pln ( 2,5 euro ) for a great beer , from a microbrewery , or in a great spot for a regular beer . 
  at least we do n't have cyanide monthly income . 
  less than albania ? 
  macedonia ? 
  wow , that 's harsh . 
  so it looks like we know who is putin 's [ mentor ] ( http://i.usatoday.net/news/gallery/2011/n111219_kim/putin-pg-horizontal.jpg ) . 
  i 'd say estonia is far more prosperous . 
  i just want to write , that i 'm really glad that warsaw is not on this map . 
  but pudzian won 5 titles , more than anyone . 
  maybe this refusal is based on the fact , that their fighting against britain ? 
  i know it 's not an original show , but it 's so ... turpistic ( turpis is latin for ugly , it is an aesthethic trend in arts ) . 
  they were n't vandals , it was a form of artistic expression . 
  and i 'm dead serious , if someone puts a butt plug and calls it art , destroying it should also be considered as art . 
  i 've been to one ( i was an intern at `` komornik '' office , basically a lawyer that collects debts by court order ) . 
  it 's poor , very poor to be honest . 
  i 've seen poles live in conditions like that , but those were highly disfunctional families , with grown ups that were retards ( and i mean it as a medical term ) . 
  but it was nothing , compared to slovakian villages . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@49.3586927,20.1284597,3a,75y,157.55h,79.78t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sizazo-dbhljqfudr9k-kjq!2e0!6m1!1e1 ) it is on streetview , but it 's just the view from the road , other buildings are in far worse shape , there are also some conteiners turned houses , but still , it 's uncomparable . 
  it is relevant . 
  if you want to help people , you have to know how to help them . 
  and you can not do this , without knowing their ethnic background . 
  no , it does n't . 
  i 've been in a rural areas in podkarpacie , mazury and podlasie - yeah , it 's poor as hell , they often do n't have asphalt on their roads , a lot of middle age guys hanging in front of a store drinking beer all day . 
  pretty depressing sight , but it 's ** nothing ** compared to gyspie villages . 
  i have n't been to romania , but the settlements in lewocza or krompachy in slovakia . 
  dear god , slums of bangkok look like villas compared to those shacks . 
  and those piles of black god-knows-what in front of them , i honestly do n't know what it was , looked like two meter high piles of tar . 
  broaden your horizons , go see how those people live . 
  and stop misleading people - the quality of life of people in poland , even in a poor village , are far higher than of gypsies in slovakia , or romania . 
   yet there are still monuments celebrating them in poland . 
  do poles get enraged when someone sports a t-shirt with communist symbols ? 
  and large part of us are ashamed of this , and consider wearing e.g. 
  che guevara t-shirt as something bad . 
  i think that far less people do this in poland , than in countries west of oder . 
  boy to girl ratio . 
  there 's about 40 milion men that wo n't have wifes , simply because there are n't enough girls to marry . 
  also , one child policy leads to worse working men : retired men ratio . 
  but there is some weird concept of free speech prevalent on this sub . 
  when i 've posted about / r/holocaust and expressed my opinion , that something should be done about this sub ( holocaust denial is a crime in many european countries - imo rightly so !, 
  ) , i 've been voted down to the oblivion . 
  and i have my personal experience with denialists , who told me , that poland attacked germany in 1939 . 
  acceptance for lies and blatant racism , xenophobia , allowing hate-speech . 
  this makes me sick . 
  nice . 
  especially after all those urinals broken by germans few days earlier . 
  well , protestants fucked up badly during the deluge , that 's when the persecutions became . 
  which was pretty natural , as they simply betrayed the majority of population and the crown . 
  watch poland-scotland , it 's intense . 
  wooow , according to wikipedia it was transported in 1842 from norway to karpacz . 
  it has been built in 12th/13th century and is considered the oldest wooden church in poland ( which is amazing , our oldest churches are from 10th/11th century ) . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vang_stave_church why did n't i know about it earlier ? 
  i 've started reading about e-3 sentry , fun fact - nato as an organization owns 18 awacses , all of them registered as planes of luxembourg , which in fact does n't own any military planes itself . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boeing_e-3_sentry i ; ve also thought that it 's a solid sign ( the photo of this plane over poland ) that nato exists and works . 
  yeah , but we 're a big german factory , that 's the main source of our growth . 
  hence , not too strong z\u0142oty is a positive thing . 
  and we 're not that important dependent as them ( we 're self sustainable in the food sector for example ) . 
  but , sad for us , this crisis is dragging us too , not only moscow . 
  russia is very import-reliant . 
  also , i doubt that there will be any major fdi 's in the next 5 years , even if the situation calms down . 
  and middle class is going to get pissed . 
  not only no more chamonix , even zakopane might be too expensive for them . 
  and what about new bmw ? 
  or iphone ? 
  consumption will fall , tax revenue too , no fdi means no growth . 
  middle class will be hit very hard , poor people will remain poor . 
  sid meier 's : polonization . 
  and how is letting someone play in european championships playing heroes ? 
  because all of israels neighbors either hate them or hate them and do n't recognize them . 
  it 's impossible to make a israeli-jordanian match . 
  not enough people know how much technology changes in this sector . 
  in case of coal plants , there is ccs technology , which allows to store co2 - it 's not economically effective , but it could be the way to shoot two birds with one stone , wealthier countries could chip in to implement this technology , so countries like poland could sustain current levels of energy production and lower the emission . 
  i 'm happy that you agree . 
  i just find it selfish , when rich people do n't allow others to gain wealth , through similar meanings , as they used , to gain wealth themselves . 
  also , current coal burning technology is far more eco-friendly than it was ever before . 
  sure , co2 emission is a problem , but the emission of other things ( like pm10 etc. ), 
  can be lowered by usage of certain filters . 
  go back to your circle-jerk , troll . 
  let us burn as much coal , as the western countries did , when they 've flourished in 19th and 20th centuries . 
  anyway , we are participating in reducing emission . 
  we have limited options with using gas and a lot of coal . 
  wind and solar power are n't as efficient as in other parts of europe . 
  those changes wo n't happen in a blink of an eye , they have to be gradual , or we 'll bankrupt . 
  which company will they buy it from , will be decided in a bid . 
  i know . 
  i 'd be delighted if we could afford having only nuclear plants/gas plants or renewables . 
  but we 're too poor . 
  i hope that it will be decided legally in a bid . 
  but our office for competition and consumer protection allowed creating a new company that will build the plant . 
  we have limited options - we have to develop coal technologies , that 's the cheapest solution and we do n't have enough money to invest in renewables . 
  we have our own coal , it makes us independent in terms of energy production , technology is also far cleaner than it was and we have to invest in making it even cleaner . 
  in poland it 's one of rare examples of political agreement between all major political parties - we need nuclear energy asap . 
  edit : why am i being downvoted ?
