  tbh it only shows why pis is successful - they manage to adress non-voters , people who are economically and socially stigmatized , uneducated people . 
  and most of pis leadership is from old intelligentsia - a sizeable chunk of them are professors , the best party think tank is pis ' sobieski institute ( other parties either do n't have think tanks , or disregard them , look at po ) . 
  it 's a different situation than with lepper 's samoobrona , which was a typical populist movement which was born on the street - bottom-up situation , there was a need for a peasant leader , so lepper was successful . 
  and look at psl - agrarian party without agrarian support . 
  pis managed to win polish countryside , despite having wider platform than framer-oriented psl . 
   those people vote either for po and pis , you must uneducated to vote them . 
  i 've read this sentece several times and still do n't know what you 've meant . 
  every visent population is closely monitored , and it 's probably not that hard to distinguish which one is old . 
  your point being ? 
  and now we experience mohair berets a rebours with [ mohairisation of liberals ] ( http://i.wp.pl/a/f/jpeg/36260/mohery_eastnews_625.jpeg ), 
  afaik it 's because for years fp\u00d6 had a former-nsdap electorate . 
  so they 've avoided the topic ( in the way how trump did n't condone that kkk fellow who supported his candidacy ) and opposed entnazifizierung . 
  but it was 50 years ago . 
   out of 10.900.000 greek citizens , only 3.5 million are working jaysus , you 're fucked . 
  but you 're not supposed to add a lot of sugar , just a teaspoon . 
  recently i 've been drinking a banana variation of this drink , great stuff . 
  the thing is , foreign kid is just an easy target . 
  if there is no foreign kids , bully will choose a kid that 's smaller , weaker , stand out for some reason , etc. 
  when i was 13 we used to throw backpacks of other boys to a bin ( and it went both ways , so the retribution was expected ) , we used to throw each other into lockers etc. 
  normal adolescent boy stuff . 
  the problem is when it 's a one way street and boys are ganging up on one target , just like you 've said . 
  and i can not comment on girls situation , because the dynamics are different . 
  as for companies - [ melex ] ( http://www.alternagy.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/electric-4-seater-golf.jpg ) is polish . 
  as for people - joseph conrad is a great example of internationally known writer , who was polish ( but he used english pen name , his real name was j\u00f3zef korzeniowski , and he wrote in english , so many people do n't know his nationality ) . 
  another one - pola negri . 
  `` she was the first european film star to be invited to hollywood , and became one of the most popular actresses in american silent film . '', 
  one of the most popular books in early xxth century , quo vadis , was written by polish author , henryk sienkiewicz . 
  sienkiewicz was awarded a nobel prize for that book , and the first cinematic adaptation of quo vadis , produced in 1912 was `` arguably the first blockbuster in the history of cinema , with 5,000 extras , lavish sets , and a running time of two hours , setting the standard for `` superspectacles '' for decades to come . 
  a worldwide success , it was the first film to be projected in a first-class broadway theater , where it was screened for nine months from april to december 1913 . 
  the film 's first screening in london was for king george v , who complimented the performers . '', 
  the 1951 version of the book was nominated by the academy in eight categories , however it did n't win any oscars ( it was , however , a commercial success and it won two golden globes ) . 
  [ colin 1th = colin firth ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/992/407/776.jpg ) . 
  why ? 
  allo , allo was huge over here ( and probably all over the europe , it 's just a great european comedy ) . 
  it should n't those are n't `` snow tries '' but `` winter tires '' , low temperature is one of the reasons why we have to use them . 
  and if someone does n't change tires , he does n't change winter tires to summer tires , not the other way around . 
  well , we are an oecd member country with a very high hdi and one of the highest pisa results . 
  and imo stadarized tests are worthless . 
  the pope , poroshenko , lukashenko , orban . 
  yeah , poland is crazy cheap ( especially food ) . 
  dick emasuring contest between ukraine and romania , how sweet . 
  that 's an odd combination of countries . 
  also , i think that including only two cities from countries like usa ( chicago and la ? 
  why not austin , san francisco , ~ ~ nyc ~ ~ , denver or saint louis ? 
  ) , germany ( where 's frankfurt or leipzig ? ), 
  is pretty silly . 
  seriously ? 
  i know it 's the second bigest city , but i think that tampere or turku would be a better choice . 
  look at the shards of glass on the seat shown in the video . 
  if you cover your face , you 're less likely to get seriously injured whatever the situation is . 
  three years after the release . 
  the same . 
  cn and video games , i did n't have choice but to learn the language if i wanted to be entertained ( the same goes for german and rtl2 ) . 
  i did n't have any real lessons until i was thirteen , but i was enrolled to an advanced group . 
  one time a bunch of thais . 
  thought i was a policeman , so they bought me a lot od booze . 
  educated people know poland . 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa , chopin etc. 
  it will be yuuuuge !, 
  let 's make yungary great again . 
  louis de funes is big in poland and we do n't use dubbing ( nor subtitles for that matter , lektor is the middle [ and cheaper ] way ) . 
  we did fall into recession , tusk has lied about it . 
  general statistics bureau released this year info about it , three years after they 've informed that we were fine ... 
  well ... 
  i 've had a black friend in our bible belt and he was fine . 
  there was also a news on the frontpage of / r/europe about a `` racist '' attack on a portugese student in poland . 
  huh ? 
  biernacki 's from po . 
  apart from that - i voted for polska razem , and would again , and i 'd love pis to kick out both paw\u0142owicz and piotrowicz . 
  and who does understand globalization ? 
  people who follow instructions from corrupt and dysfunctional organizations like imf ? 
  saying that someone `` does n't understand globalization '' is pretty silly , international organization that employs professors from harvard is completely inept in this field , so assuming that one side of the argument `` does n't understand it '' is simply ludicrous . 
  and for the political side of the `` globalization '' - the fact , that western news outlets rely only on journos from wyborcza does n't make pis less understanding of `` globalization '' . 
  500 + is n't a leftist program ( sole idea of 2d ideology axis is stupid , but nevermind ) . 
  even if we consider it as one , po wanted to extend the program to be a social , not a pro-natalistic one . 
  the antifa thing was extreme and incredibly stupid . 
  it was probably a bit less than 100 000 , but more than 30 000 - 100 000 is the number menitoned by organizers , who tend to overestimate . 
  yeah , good luck on finding people speaking english in not-tier-1 / 2 cities in china ... and even in shanghai vast majority of people do n't speak english . 
  most of cantonese speak mandarin as their 2nd language , not english . 
  counter-manifestations are n't that popular , nor as big as main manifestations . 
  when the ( far ) right organizes big demonstrations on the independence day , the ( far ) left does n't even try to do any counter-manifestation ( they did , but they were so small and pathetic - and also there was this scandal with armed members of german antifa joining ... so they 've decided to stop ) . 
  today 's counter manifestation by anti-eu ( far ) right was small and not that important . 
  the same was with pis demonstrations - usually they just gather tens of thousands of people who walked around and felt better about themselves . 
  today the [ leaders ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ch22ndvweaaoh6u.jpg ) of the manifestation ( basically 90 % of them are members of parties that were ruling for the last 25 years ) did n't look too worried about polish democracy . 
  [ here you are ] ( http://kops.pl/old/comic/2011-12-19-0368.png ) translation : have i ever told you how i 've saved the country from an unavoidable invasion from the east ? 
  * it was a day just like today , only colours were more faded out * maybe i 'll go kick dr. russia 's butt ? 
  fuck it , why bother . 
  * that 's when they gave me a medal *, 
  you have local beer in vietnam , it 's diffrent than in the rest of indochina . 
  especially if you compare it with thialnad , where you have chang-singha-leo oligopoly ( yeah , there is cheers , some other shit , but those three are the biggest ) . 
  and grammar . 
  oh , and punctuation . 
  ... and the private sector has followed . 
  shit-ton of well paid ( for poland ) white-collar jobs opened in the last few years . 
  mostly companies from uk , switzerland and western eu move a lot of their operations to poland . 
  nooo , not a lira . 
   dude what they say is backwards kole\u017canko fucking a !, 
  we were a part of the club since 1999 , mate !, 
  we do n't have our own capital , so we need to be a place for off-shore services and factories . 
  if there was any polish international investment bank i 'd glagly work for it .
