  yes , it is . 
  but russian exports are based on natural resources and military industry . 
  and that 's it . 
  imagine mighty italy not selling its olive oil and pasta . 
  its great economy , oh god , europe would bleed to death . 
  russia 's gdp is circa italy 's . 
  no , europe wo n't bleed to death , especially with decreasing oil prices . 
  obama 's doing reagan 's move right now - lower the oil prices , so russia 'll bancrupt . 
  there are also usually two types of petrol and lpg . 
  so i 'm backwards , because i come from a religious community and belive in god ? 
  edit : i 've just read that op has used term `` backwards '' first . 
  still , i find it insulting . 
  you should have gulyas pot as a ballot box . 
  ukip voters are mainly dissatisfied tories : [ poll ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/bzt5sy9ieaewhhr.png ) . 
  old word for w\u00f3dka in polish is * okowita * ( * aqua vitae * ) . 
   a forum for discussion about europe and its neighbourhood . 
  imo it fits perfectly . 
  / r/europe can handle sport news too . 
  good for her . 
  but obama is responsible for letting isis grow and he made this whole `` reset '' in us-russian relations , which led to abandoning the idea of the missile shield - and the us had some obligations in this case ( i think that bush has signed some kind of agreement regarding the shield ) . 
  problem with neocons was that they 've underestimated how much power radical islamists have . 
  idea of bringing democracy , even by means of war , is n't in my opinion that bad . 
  the problem is that overthrowing a dictator in the middle east does n't mean that they 'll choose democracy - that 's not europe ( former eastern bloc countries were authoritarian/totalitarian in 1980s , now they 're all democracies , apart from belarus and russia ) . 
  you 're a democrat , fine . 
  from central european perspective us internal politics are n't that important , we are interested in external politics and republicans are better for us , that 's all . 
  thankfully ( in my opinion ) obama is n't as much of a dove as american left would like him to be . 
  but i 'd sleep much more calmly , if us external politics were more in a mccain 's or reagan 's fashion . 
  obama cancelled the shield in poland , that makes me want a republican in the white house . 
  back in 2010 russia placed tactical nuclear warheads in kr\u00f3lewiec / kaliningrad oblast . 
  is n't that provocation ? 
  yeah , we still do this . 
  actually , we also regularly pray for republican president during sunday masses . 
  they 've known us since middle ages , the name comes probably from turkish version . 
  i 've wrote a long response and deleted it . 
  :( anyway , i agree with you . 
  wow , that 's an obscure subreddit . 
  yeah , 5 500 km in three weeks - no planes , only busses , pick-ups , a boat and a train . 
  exactly . 
   lenkija in lithuanian  lengyelorsz\u00e1g in hungarian  lehastan in armenian  lehistan in ottoman turkish  lahestan/lehestan in persian  lehia in romanian, 
  well , we 're pretty conservative and family is very important for most poles . 
  but ... wages here are too low to have children in ones 20s ( i can not imagine myself getting married , not to say about having a kid ) . 
  whenw e get a sense of sabilization , preferably when one of parents wage is high enough to support whole family , then we can , * ekhm * , breed . 
  i think that we will face a baby boom in next 10 years . 
  transformation changed a lot - back in the early 90s , just after the fall of communism , my parents had me when they were younger than i 'm now . 
  now , only one of my peers is married , and he does n't have children . 
  having a child in ones 20s was common 25 years ago , now it 's bizzarre - most of people ca n't afford it . 
  getting a university diploma takes at least 5 years ( tbh , most of my friends have studied for more than 5 years , including me ) , then you have to work for at least year earning nothing or close to nothing ... 
  if you 're 30 yo and earn 1 500 euros , you 're on a good path to pretty decent living . 
  correct term is lechistan . 
  i do n't know , maybe - although i remember time when there was more information on dukes of brandenburg on polish wikipedia than german . 
  i would n't say , that most was done automatically - maybe some part , yes . 
  well , wikipedia is extremely popular in poland ( 7th biggest language , more entries than chinese , japanese or portugese ) . 
  when i had an infection in my leg in vietnam ( i barely could walk ) , a doctor , who arrived on a scooter , could n't speak english , and his `` nurse '' was his ( i suppose ) daughter , who was 8 years old , gave me a prescription with paracetamol . 
  and that was probably it - i do n't remember it very well , because i was quite delirious at the time . 
  either way - i live and my leg is okay , so paracetamol is probably alright . 
  y' know , those are great movies . 
  at least the first one , and the bangkok one ( bangkok is cool and it 's always fun to see places that you know in a movie ) . 
  yeah , it 's better sitting quiet and waiting for russia to get stronger . 
  he does n't speak polish , that 's outrageous !, 
  at least he knows his weaknesses . 
  no , no , no . 
  it 's like scrapping a printer , because you ca n't buy new ink . 
  and no , you ca n't find diffrent supplier . 
  chinese are n't able to produce j-15 and j-16 because they ca n't make their own engine : http://www.defence24.pl/news_chiny-niezdolne-do-seryjnej-produkcji-nowych-mysliwcow, 
  you have to buy engines very often - not only for planes , but for tanks too . 
  because they did n't have middle class . 
  there is great diffrence between people from poland and russia , or ukraine in terms of clothing - and we also were part of commie blok . 
  i wonder if people from western ukraine have better fashion sense than people from areas that were n't part of poland in the inter-bellum period . 
  but ze nordstream vas okay , ja ? 
  is he drinking or swallowing the whole bottle ? 
  hard to tell ( she became a pm two weeks ago ) . 
  she promised '' [ gruszki na wierzbie ] ( http://en.bab.la/dictionary/polish-english/to-jak-obiecywa%c4%87-gruszki-na-wierzbie ) '' , is supposed to be a very mediocre politician . 
  and her speeches are awful . 
  but everyone knows , that it 's a one year deal ( elections are coming ) , so both opposition and internal opposition in the ruling party are quite pleased having such weak opponent, 
  apparently , she 's a [ woman ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/20/world/europe/new-leader-likens-poland-to-reasonable-polish-woman.html ) . 
  [ our pm , ofc . ], 
  whaat ? 
  link to story ? 
  there are lots of ukrainians in poland ( there are some workers building a house next to me , loads of students ) and learning polish is incredibly easy for them . 
  they 're basically replacing people that went to germany and poland to work in basic jobs , like nursing , construction building , etc. 
  most of the times , yep . 
  oh , that 's just the beggining , current motourism said , that it 's westerners fault , t hat they get killed in thailand . 
  and that thailand should make them to wear some kind of geolocalization devices , so they would be found , after getting lost , or drunk . 
  i 've written political analysis on malaysia , philippines and brunei , but from time to time i 've had to explain some people what 's going on in thailand ... tbh , `` r\u0119ce opadaj\u0105 '' . 
  the worst thing is , it 's hard to say , that there is a positive progress in those countries ( i 'd say that [ uncovering huge pdaf scam ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/priority_development_assistance_fund_scam ) makes me belive a little in philippines , but situation in thailand is getting worse every month ) . 
  and it wo n't become a superpower , by going to war . 
  their gdp is roughly as large as italy 's . 
  their economy is struggling , the only thing that they have are natural resources and caviar - and money from that goes to military . 
  which has to be large , to be able to protect insanely big territory . 
  we get lw\u00f3w , but help you get petropavlovsk kamchatsky - deal ? 
  right now , it 's wonderful . 
  yeah , usually when i want to see reddit i turn my dishwasher on instead . 
  shit 's annoying . 
  and other sad souvenirs left by germans . 
  come to poland , we have cheap beer . 
  we also border russian nuclear stockpile ... 
  we were france allies even during napoleonic period , when they fought everyone , so i think we can make a bit fun of each other too . 
  bah , even when we had a french king , he fled . 
  and he could n't speak latin , so he did n't understand anyone or any document ( yep , for most of our history we used latin for official purposes ) . 
  in a preview it did n't show as fixed .
