  so you argue that we need anti-government titushki , or what ? 
  at least our army had an opportunity to be tested . 
  iraq and afghanistan were a revolution for our totally fucked up army . 
  but yeah , offset was a disgrace . 
  our soldiers fought during the initial invasion , along americans , brits and australians . 
  pfff , before we got to the eu i could n't afford visiting the colosseum , because there were different rates for eu member countries ' citizens and non-citizens . 
  euro is not a legal tender in hungary , so it 's pretty logical it 's more expensive , you still can pay with forints . 
  it 's different in krak\u00f3w , in some nasty pubs ( crappy places with awful beer , aimed at brits ) you pay for 0,4 l of beer either 4 pln or 1 euro ( or around 4,3 pln ) . 
  they wo n't change it every time rates change , i suppose if euro dropped slightly below 4 pln , they would n't bother to change it . 
  but this way you do n't do business with them at all , you just take what you want to get the only way you can . 
  by sweet , sweet torrents . 
   old people still think jews are communists because the propaganda was pointing at that and it still sticks around to this day . 
  if we 're at it ... anti-commie crowd remembers all those jews that were supporters of ussr and conspired against poland . 
  commie crowd participated in anti-semitic actions against jews in 1968 . 
  i 've written about how unpleasant israeli tourists are and how we sometimes feel like jews are trying to be the sole victim of germans above . 
  i think it 's more complex than that . 
  if i have to say about my opinion of jews that i 've met , it 's mostly negative ( because of very rude , racist and xenophobic people that come from israel on trips here ) , but i 've also met some great jews ( in thailand and laos ) , i wholeheartedly support israel and i like jewish culture ( eat some jewish food , listen to jewish music , read jewish literature ) . 
  but i 'd say that i 'm neutral to them , because of how fucking disrespectful they are while visiting our country . 
  and their portrayal of holocaust also pisses me off , some members of my family were killed in camps back then ( my great-grandpa survived auschwitz , he had a pretty early number ) . 
  `` who do you like '' is a difficult thing . 
  i learn chinese , like some parts of chinese culture , but chinese ( like mainland chinese ) are often unbearable ( it 's different from taiwanese , malaysia-chinese , etc. , cool lads and gals ) . 
  the same goes for ukrainians - i know some ukrainian students , they 're okay , i hang out with them , know quite a bit of their culture , i can drink horilka and eat some salo with them . 
  but the fact that there is bad blood between our nations is a fact we try to hide . 
  some crazy-ass upa lovers will quickly make my blood boil ( and i 'm a staunch supporter of [ giedroyc doctrine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giedroyc_doctrine ) ) . 
  i think it 's supposed to be brackets , mate . 
  beware of spooky black ghosts in the woods . 
  obese women  street art ? 
  [ why not ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  partisan is a term for a member of a paramilitary group fighting against forces that occupy the region in which said paramilitary group operates . 
  persiod . 
  the fact that you consider only leftists ( or pro-su leftists ) is bollocks . 
  the biggest partisan groups were polish , soviet and yugoslavian . 
  polish resistance in 1944 is estimated to have 650 000 partisans , soviet 550 000 in 1943 , and yugoslavian also around 650 000 . 
  polish resistance bled out first in the warsaw uprising , and after that they were hunted down by nkvd and it 's associates ( only 10 % of polish partsians were communist ) . 
  the fact that you think of communist paramilitaries when you hear the word `` partisan '' is your problem . 
  but it 's counter-factual . 
  and the word was used in a context of a member of resistance since 17th/18th century . 
  that 's the thing that might get changed . 
  it 's called a compromise because of that part ( and the sickness of a baby ) . 
  just came back to krak\u00f3w from zakopane , it was marvelous easter . 
  krokusy and bazie everywhere . 
  mufti of poland argues for death penalty for isis supporters . 
  tatars are anti-radical . 
  schismatic , mate . 
  the same here . 
  spanish is probably the third foreign language i hear the most often in krak\u00f3w ( after ukrainian and english ) . 
  and almost everyone thinks it 's worse here than we do . 
  i hope for pinacoladas with fancy straws . 
  it would be cool if belarussians used \u0142acinka . 
  mate , a rebours we can say that atheist ( or non-religious ) and science based upbringing leads to being a nazi or genocidal commie ... 
  we use `` no '' , which is informal and rude version of `` tak '' . 
  `` no dy\u0107 '' - old polish , used in local dialects . 
  other version - `` no ba '' , or highlander `` no ba jako ! '', 
  it 's because of industrialization . 
  in the uk bread was mass produced in factories , while in the rest of europe traditional bakeries survived . 
  if you want to travel around , you 'll need a car . 
  and if you 're traveling with family , costs of car will drop comparing to buying plane tickets . 
  if you want to travel around , you 'll need a car . 
  and if you 're traveling with family , costs of car will drop comparing to buying plane tickets . 
  that 's where vigilante movies come from - like famous [ death wish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buhgz8kozym&amp;ab_channel=kee651 ) series ( the first one is actually really great , psychological film , it 's the third part , which went completely off the rails with charles bronson murdering creeps like a lunatic ) . 
  well , it does n't make any sense, 
  they wrote the `` al '' in white font on the application form . 
  yeah . 
  i love poland , as a country and nation , even if i do n't agree with institutions . 
  i love europe , our common heritage , history and achievements . 
  but eu is an empty shell , it 's just an organization , that fails to build a sense of community - maybe because it 's top-down , maybe because they do n't know how to build a sense of community ( everything seems to be so forced , it makes me sick ) . 
  i feel a deep connection with each eu member state . 
  but not through eu itself , / r/europe is probably more useful for creating a common identity , than this soul-less institution . 
  in the same time i belive that eu is a necessity , i just hope it will change . 
  most of people use fb , that 's right . 
  i use google hangouts , which is handy , because most of people have android phones . 
  we used to have something in between in poland . 
  a green arrow , it was a street sign , not a light . 
  it was basically on every intersection . 
  while it was n't implicit , it was everywhere and did n't turn on/off , like the light does . 
  the problem that lithuanians have is that they were ethnically `` repressed '' . 
  but it would happen anyway - if they had remained a sovereign duchy with ruthenia as a part of it , elites would be ruthenised , not polonised . 
  both poles and ruthenians had a written history , culture and deeply ingrained identity . 
  lithuanians in 15th century were a young member of christianitas - and christendom with its monasteries , books and social order was the first thing that could help to constitute a country . 
  lithuanians could either become eastern with kiev or western with krak\u00f3w . 
  they chose the latter . 
  if lithuania remained a small tribe , it would disappear , just like prussians . 
  being a member of the commonwealth and voluntary polonisation of elites was probably the best course of action . 
  and to be clear - i condone \u017deligovskio mai\u0161tas , i think that valdemar toma\u0161evski is a dick and any forced polonisation was a mistake . 
  i just think that the whole thing with the commonwealth is overblown by some lithuanians . 
  if you 're writing about `` historic german lands '' , i 'd say it 's everything west of elbe . 
  everything between oder and elbe was sorbian . 
  the fact that he 's a loony catholic ( as a catholic i agree ) and a homophobe does n't matter . 
  but he was a destructive president , probalby the worst head of state we 've ever had . 
  i 'd say that slovak and ukrainian sound the most similar to polish . 
  i do n't know about belarussian and sorbian ( sorbian 's probably the closest ) . 
  oh , and kaszubian . 
  in eastern polish accent people use `` velarized alveolar lateral approximant ( dark l ) '' , so mainly older folks relocated from ussr and people that stayed back there . 
  it used to be a `` theatrical '' '' \u0142 '' , probably because lw\u00f3w was the city where polish pop-culture was the strongest . 
  best examples - songs from `` snow white '' [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=has7masew08&amp;ab_channel=oscarreadmore ) , [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3_gx7_qtdw&amp;ab_channel=verabun ) . 
  it depends , in poland church bells ring every hour ( sometimes more often ) , but they do not convey any religious meaning , they just mark time . 
  and they 're both useful and part of our heritage . 
  lithuania would probably have no border control with us either . 
  glue traps for birds are illegal according to birds directive .
