  when i was attending hs , my mom would drive me to my school . 
  after classes i 've walked back home ( 30 minutes walk , 40 during winter , which lasted about 5 months those 6-8 years ago ) . 
  those countries joined nato willingly , because they 're ( we 're ) afraid of russia . 
  russia is a threat , not nato . 
  [ so do we ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_bdlyafg7w ) , carpathian highlander cultures are very similar . 
  our g\u00f3rale are descendants of vlach nomadic shepherd ( some of them still live a semi-nomadic life ) . 
  and hainan . 
  and ... 
  turkey ? 
  those people were forced to move there , first generation of migrants did n't consider those lands as theirs . 
  because of that , pepople from there are less patriotic ( statistically ), 
  c'mon , low or medium-low ? 
  we 've got a chap who has invented [ a technique of opening a beer with a carp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r4_ncki4dtg ) !, 
  shut up . 
  we 're talking about war-time economy , in this kind of situation it 's natural to do some nationalization , extra taxation and obligatory labour . 
  yeah , it was figurative speech . 
  besides , ukrainians need working equipment - and a working pt-91 would be good for them ( it 's basically the same equipment they have atm , so it would be even better than our most up to date leopards ) . 
  prc is aggressive , that 's true . 
  but it 's nowhere near as aggressive as rusfed . 
  the only regions they might expand are parcel 's and spratley ( it 's happening , they 're building bases and deploying ships all the time ) and rusfed ( silent invasion - they 're going to eventually colonize those wastelands ) . 
  but they can not send `` green men '' to , let 's say , ha long bay or okinawa . 
  i 'd like to see some pt-91s and rosomaka with ukrainian flags ... 
  i do n't understand - i did read your post and my reply looks okay for me . 
  i asssure you that a traffic accident with 150 people dead would get a lot of attention . 
  we had the tallest construction !, 
  [ this ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/20/maszt_radiowy_w_konstantynowie.jpg/640px-maszt_radiowy_w_konstantynowie.jpg ) mast was 646,38 m high , fell during conservation in 1991 . 
  read my other posts - i believe there is a place for women in war effort , but not `` in the trenches '' . 
  if the need for conscription would arise , it should be for men only . 
  but things you mention - medical staff , logistics , also production - need workforce . 
  i 'll also quote / u/ajuc from this thread :  the real reason was historicaly ( and still is ) - with half the young male population dead a country can recover in one generation . 
  with half the young female population gone - it can not . 
  42kg of equipment . 
  that 's what a polish soldier has to carry . 
  jude gang !, 
  belsat is quite succesful in belarus , it 's time to do something like that on a much bigger scale . 
  my dad told me that everyone listened to rfe , voa and radio luxembourg . 
  one of the most prominent members of opposition and government in exile worked for rfe . 
  it 's a gambler 's fallacy . 
  i 've spoken to my parents , they had similar flight route over the alps , they even flew there at similar time ... 
  i know that chances of a plane crash are quite slim , but it haunts me a little - last year ( when the malaysia airlines crashes happened ) i flew to asia for few months and i 've often flew with sir asia ( and air asia crashed too ) . 
  now this ... 
  i 'm not going to stop flying planes , nor will i develop some sort of anxiety . 
  i might just make a confession before a flight . 
  they provide source , what you will do with this information is your bussiness . 
  you really do n't want to be rulked by someone that invaded your country . 
  really . 
  if you think it wo n't affect you or your family - you 're wrong . 
  two hundred meters from my block germans killed few dozen people , just because they were polish . 
  you do n't want it to happen to that `` random village '' , seriously mate . 
  that is old-fashioned !, 
  which means they 're not fit for military . 
  standard equipment set for polish soldier wighs 42 kgs . 
  my parents boarded a plane from sao paolo to zurych yesterday . 
  they 've landed in zurych and flew to barcelona , now they should be landing . 
  i 'm bloody nervous right now ... and they have to fly from barcelona to warsaw afterwards , i should meet them in two day . 
  i ca n't even concentrate . 
  things like that are awful ... 
  someone has to work and take care of those who are not able bodied . 
  soldiers need bullets and food , they need doctors and nurses . 
  there is a lot to do during war , beside being on the front . 
  most of girls i know are < 170cm and are too weak to carry more than 10kg . 
  i ca n't imagine them with 30kg of equipment on their shoulders , or carrying their wounded fellow , who might be 190cm and weigh 100kg . 
   on the other hand women are more persistent , and can edure pain better . 
  persistence and enduring pain are not as important as being able to carry 30kg ( or more ) of equipment . 
   the real reason is - with half the young male population dead a country can recover in one generation . 
  with half the young female population gone - it can not . 
  that 's true . 
  sure , there are good , strong women in the army , i do n't deny it . 
  i 'm talking about a draft and avarage person in the military . 
  on avarage men are stronger , so they 're more suitable for being a soldier , that 's all . 
  if there is a need of a draft , it should be men only . 
  [ cheers ] ( http://www.koh.ie/wp-content/uploads/2012/02/old-fashioned-0609-lg.jpg ), 
  in the mid 80s the only thing that was in shops on shelves was vinegar ... 
  call me old fashioned , but i would be willing to risk my life for my woman . 
  if i had kids , i would want them to have a mother . 
  yes , i think it 's man 's job to be in the army , if there is a need to protect the country . 
  poland was razed to the ground at least twice in the 20th century . 
  my grandparents have lived through hell of german and russian occupation . 
  if it 's necessary for men to protect country 's independence ( believe me , you do n't want to be occupied and thrown into a concentration camp , like half of my family during the war ) - well , there is no other way . 
  of course it 's not the same for men and women . 
  and it should n't be . 
  men are stronger , this make them better soldiers . 
  with israel - it 's diffrent , because they 're a tiny nation surrounded by enemies , so they need every pair of hands they can get . 
  if a woman was in the army and she has finished basic military service ( which was suspended in 2010 , so de facto it applies only to people that were drafted before that year ) , she might be called . 
  we 're being taught british english in our schools , not american english . 
  besides , i 've had met a lot more brits and australians than americans . 
  i 'd say that not nationalism but statolatria is the core belief of fascism . 
  i can imagine a multi-ethnic , multi-religious fascism . 
  the state is what matter . 
  as you 've said - german nazis had their own brand of fascism , strictly racist and national . 
  edit : i hate when people say that violent behaviour is fascist . 
  it is n't , it 's just violence . 
  using `` fascism '' as an accusation against political rivals is a method that was popular in the eastern block and is still continued by mr. putin and his comrades . 
  if the gnp of my country was 2 times higher , i 'd give you a reddit gold . 
  sure , it 's far from ideal . 
  but i 'm just astonished about the fact how farther we have gone since 1990 comparing to romania and bulgaria , that 's all . 
  we 're talking about gnp per capita , not avarage salary , mate . 
  and i know how those indicators are calculated . 
  wow , in 1990 we were on par with romania and below bulgaria ... 
  yeah , pro-russian is like `` we know they 're evil but we want to sell them our apples '' .
