  why the original source was n't quoted ? 
  it 's here : http://libertyblitzkrieg.com/2013/12/02/war-on-democracy-spain-and-japan-move-to-criminalize-protests/, 
  that 's not a point . 
  korean and chinese has completely diffrent gramatics , sounds , chinese is a tonal language , so it 's whole new world of speaking . 
  not to mention characters in chinese . 
  you should look it up , it 's pretty amazing . 
  my point was that after learning things so diffrent from our , indo-european languages , learning new languages comes easier . 
  and learning other things too , i 'm studying law , so learning large parts of material in short time is sometimes necessary . 
  okay , but pisa is a standarized test . 
  something must be done right , we even scored higher than in 2003 ( i 'd say that it 's thanks to the internet and informatization , young people have got more opportunities to encounter analytical texts and it 's easier to get materials on subjects that they are interested in - because of komuna our libraries were full of lenin but we lacked , e.g. , any book on history of korea ) . 
  and i agree that the main reason would be the diffrent approach . 
  everyone agree that learning is crucial ( in pisa report , more than 80 % of polish students says so ) , getting higher education is something important ( no as important as in korea , but far more important than in germany , where only one in three parents expects their children to get a degree ) but children have some freedom . 
  and it almost does n't matter what school you attend to - the level of education is the same everywhere ( may be a little higher in some locations ) , level of students vary . 
  my school is a good example , i attended to the only lo in zakopane and i had great teachers ( two phds ) but half of people were n't fit for educating on university level . 
  if you wanted , you could learn , if you did n't want , well , it was your choice . 
  but everyone could enroll to that school , the atmosphere was nice and it was pretty non-violent . 
  and again , i hope that knowledge-based education will still be a thing , i simply do n't see why would gaining knowledge on history or arts could harm skill-gaining process , i think those aspects of education work in kind of synergy . 
  the more tools we know , the more knowledge we can get ; the more knwoledge we have , the more ways of using those tools we find , etc. 
  as easy i think . 
  you do n't have anything we do n't know in polish , i think . 
  last three years i 've been learning korean , this year i 've started chinese and i 'm ready for anything . 
  again - language is only a tool . 
  and after you know two , three languages , it 's easy to learn next ones . 
  and italian is quite easy . 
  not only the knwoledge of other language is beneficiary , language is only a tool . 
  you get also a knowledge of other cultures , you become more open to other opinions or behaviors . 
  also - you 're training your memory . 
  it 's kind of sad if someone does n't know at least one foreign language . 
  also , in many countries knowledge of more than one language is very common . 
  i know a girl from ukraine that knows polish , ukrainian , russian and english ( but the last one not so good ) . 
  in poland you learn one , maybe two languages . 
  polish students are not much worse ( considering other countries ) and they are just drinking cheap wine , playing football and rpgs . 
  tbh , i wish i had learned latin . 
  learning languages is one of the most important thing in our lives and it 's really rewarding . 
  well , we 're very high in this research . 
  considering that avarage polish student do n't attend any extracullicular activities and spends in scholl about 5 hours per day ( 5-6 classes ) , that 's quite good ( in south korea av . 
  middle class students has got 7 lessons a day ) . 
  also , the level of learning is getting lower , because our elites are too fascinated with some western trends , which are not necessarilly good . 
  my friend got his ba in sweden and tells that pure konwledge of historical facts was discouraged in favor of knwoledge of abstract theories and when he was writing a paper on something , he usually started with it 's historical background , which was considered a mistake . 
  we have potential , we have good teachers and good education but we are going to blow it , if reforms ( such as cancelling history lessons in some classes or changing facts based knwoledge of history to `` less stressful '' gender and social history , which is important but not knowing the facts of world war i wo n't help with understanding the dynamics of suffrage movement ) stays . 
  high five . 
  worrying thing is that our current government is meddling too much with education , lowering the bar . 
   nothing stimulates ( ... ) like bunga bunga . 
  this is fake ... 
  you have to take all the informations on the nk with a grain of salt . 
  i 've been trying to research this country but it 's impossible because of the amount of bullshit people write . 
  in this case - there is no evidence , only rumours spraed by chosun ilbo , which is not a credible source . 
  and that 's not only my opinion but also well known scholars like john delury : https://twitter.com/johndelury/status/390095876883886080, 
  okay but this kind of intimidation would have been gained with tanks . 
  and ukraine has got tanks . 
  why use howitzers ? 
  i do n't think that comparing ukraine and syria is a good idea . 
  ukraine is a european country , bordering eu and without this kind of mix of ethnicities as in syria . 
  they also do n't have mujjahedins . 
  i 'm sure . 
  do you know how a howitzer is used ? 
  2s1 has a range of ~ 15km ( which is not that much , polish ahs krab has a range of 30km ) , does not have a turret or anti-personel light weaponry . 
  it would be pretty useless against protesters . 
  if they wanted to shoot , they would destroy government buildings . 
  i do n't know history of ireland that well but i doubt it could happen nowadays . 
  if it does , well , un should intervene . 
  still , you do n't use artillery against mob . 
  or in your capital . 
  if you send out tanks , that means that you 're ready to use them . 
  if some people would be on a protest and see a tank , they might make some molotov 's to do some damage . 
  yup : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2s1 also : there is no way they could use a howitzer against protesters . 
  i 'm against german hegemony in the eu , as well as i oppose the idea of federal europe . 
  the thing is that close ties with ukraine would be a great deal for eu countries , especially poland . 
  my country signed the deal with eu in 1991 , we became a member over a decade later . 
  turkey signed treaty in 70s . 
  ukraine in eu would also benefit more democratic approach - another big country , which might be a counterbalance for germany ( poland and ukraine combined has got around 90 mln . 
  citizens , germany 80 mln . ) . 
  i have no problem with mcdonald 's . 
  i have however problem with institutions like goldman sachs ( but european banks are just the same ) and speculative attacks on currencies and countries - this has happened to poland few years ago , however our economy is very diverse and based on small bussiness , so we 've somehow managed . 
  but this kind of speculative attacks should be illegal . 
  the next thing about western influences - poland has been part of the latin civilization since 966 . 
  we 've ruled over ukraine for hundreds of years and during that time spread western values ( ukrainian aristocracy polonized , we 've even had polonized-ukrainian king ) . 
  ukraine is not the same as russia - western values are much more prevalent than one may think , they 've been present there for a long time . 
  i hope that we 'll be part of modernization of ukraine , which is one of the most corrupt and poorest countries of europe . 
  i hate femen . 
  i think they 're doing more harm than good for all causes they are `` fighting '' for . 
   probably because most people in the west do n't give a shit about ukraine . 
  which is bizarre !, 
  it 's one of the largest and most populous european countries with a great potential . 
  this is far more important for western countries than , let 's say , the case of `` zwarte piete '' ( do n't remember the spelling ) . 
   debate about pedophilia among the priests and disgusting comments from bishops about molesting kids it pretty big . 
  nah , that was a hot topic two months ago . 
  `` warsaw shore '' and ukraine . 
  why / r/europe is n't discussing it ?!, 
  it 's the # 1 topic in poland - both polish media and ordinary people ( this and `` warsaw shore '' ) . 
  walt kowalski , one of our finest compatriots . 
  we 're all over the europe . 
  but that 's satisfying that most of people knew that poland is somewhere in the middle . 
  now we know for sure that vladimir vladimirovich is possesed . 
  wow . 
  if anyone has his books in . pdf and would like to share , please pm me . 
  btw , i need it or research purposes , it 's legal in poland . 
  i 'm mostly interested in `` energy '' and the one on china . 
   russia is fully transparent with documents concerning the event are you kidding ? 
  belarussian list was never revealed and it 's one of the most important documents .
