  and the biggest rebellion against bolsheviks was held by peasants : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tambov_rebellion, 
  i like a remark made by yatseniuk - `` lenin fell down from envy . 
  he caused only one revolution - yanukovych two '' . 
  i do n't agree . 
  east is still far more corrupt and power-hungry than west . 
  russia is an imperialistic dictatorship . 
  while not everything in the west is fine and i think that we need more freedom ( both economical and personal ) , it does n't change the fact that living in a western countries , even as flawed as they currently are , is better than living in a state like china or russia . 
  it would be great . 
  poland and sweden are responsible for eastern partnership in the eu , so expanding this kind of cooperation to the nato level could be beneficial . 
  to be honest , i would trust them more than france or germany in case of conflict with russia . 
  i doubt it . 
  besides , it was n't considered a threat back than and this kind of teritorial thinking is rather a 17th century thing . 
  commonwealth did n't gain any lands by war after its establishment in 1569 . 
  that was n't that easy . 
  contrary to the popular beliefs , such action could n't be done without a support of local population ( nobles and burghers ) . 
  name `` wroc\u0142aw '' is older than `` breslau '' and it was originally a slavic/polish city . 
  and calling current polish cities by german names is considered not just a faux-pas , that 's one of the worst things you could do if you 're a foreigner ( we use names like breslau or krakau all the time in jokes , as well as phrases like `` polnische zeitung '' ) . 
  we feel threatened by individuals like steinbach . 
  that 's a great idea !, 
  i 've just pmed him . 
  apparently ... 
  there is no other . 
  i did n't even know that lvivskie belongs to carlsberg . 
  carlsberg itself is a mediocre ( lower mediocre ) beer . 
  but they have okocim , which i enjoy quite a lot . 
  i like how the only three cities named on map are warsaw , kyiv and moscow . 
  now we 're the bad guy for russia ? 
  it 's probably good , we 're finally viewed as a subject , not an object , of politics by kremlin . 
  it 's cheap even for us . 
  and the quality is also high . 
  i 'm shopping in lidl , not biedronka , only because it 's one tram stop from me and they have good choice of wines , guiness and budweiser . 
  okay , i 've x-posted it to / r/russia . 
  i hope i 'll wake up alive and that there are no dioxins in my beer ( i 'm drinking lvivskie this night , one ukrainian beer per night until the euromaidan is a thing ) . 
  they 'll throw rocks at me . 
  or is it ? 
  you know , soviet technological thought is somewhat bizarre . 
  yep , because eu is planning new holodomor . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  you hardly see anyone in poland wearing a tracksuit , even dresy do n't do it anymore . 
  you wear trakcsuits only in your home , cause they 're cosy . 
  but if you go out , even if it 's taking out trash , you wear denim . 
  that 's for hooligans , football pseudo-fans . 
  i 'm polish , not georgian . 
  what polish invasion ? 
  the one when bolsheviks tried to expand the revolution to germany and further on west ? 
  also , poles died is bolshevik camps , russians died in polish camps . 
  this example is idiotic , because pow were on both sides . 
  no , you 're biased as fuck , friend . 
  i 'm not even commenting all those wars you 've mentioned ( but it 's 100 % bullshit , 1919 is a laughstock , in 1939 `` reclaim '' , fuck you , katy\u0144 was also a project of some sort of reclaim ?! ) . 
  you did n't mention sino-russian split or , even more important , war in afghanistan . 
  for which i 'm grateful , because it was the last nail to the coffin of the ussr . 
  i can not imagine how anyone could treat bolshevik russia as a country they associate themselves with . 
  it was one of the most cruel dictatorships ever created by man , it 's sick , it 's just sick . 
  and the main victim of it were russians . 
  georgia . 
  physically invading this country . 
  and do n't start about georgian agression because russia is sustaining two rebelled provinces of georgia from the beginning . 
  and potential of eorgia nad russia is incomparable . 
  or armenia ... 
  wait , is n't it a main topic of this conversation ? 
  we 're not america , let 's not hurry ... 
  in krak\u00f3w choinka will be set in a week . 
  no , you can not buy gas in norway . 
  you need a pipeline . 
  our post-commie government in early 2000s suspended talks with norwegians about it ( there were plans of doing it ) . 
  buying gas from qatar is also troublesome - that 's not petroleum , you need special port for this cause . 
  thankfully to one of our later governments , lng port will be operational next year . 
  so suck it , you can not threaten us anymore . 
  and , hopefully , ukraine , if we 'll build a gaspipe to the border . 
  political power - there are many diffrent types of pressure . 
  we 're part of eu , that 's our best bet . 
  messing with one of countries too much means e.g. 
  economical sanctions ( putin loves to set embargoes on other countries for political reasons , wonder how his financial backbone would react if they did n't get their precious champagne ) . 
  for starters , i agree with your main point - it 's hard to tell what is good about our education that we 've scored so high . 
  i have a personal anecdote about it - my 7 years old younger brother started lo in this autumn . 
  on his first math test almost all class scored 1 ( he got 4 or 4 + ) . 
  and it is the age when pisa is taken . 
  cheating - well , i 've had a criminal law exam moth ago ( for ... 5th time - the sad thing is that on jagiellonian university there are some exams that are killers , for me it 's criminal law - and i 'm sure that on any other uni in poland i 'd pass with good grade , but that 's another story ) and one of the first thing we 're informed about is that if we cheat , we 'll be sued and expelled . 
  i 'm not used to cheating , i never did it ( maybe for the first time on my chinese lessons , i sometimes forget strokes in characters ) . 
  studying a non-market subject - if you 're good at what you do and smart at choosing a second degree , then you 'll be safe . 
  i 'm doing law and far eastern studies , i feel safe . 
  if you 're into social science - pick sociolgy and something else ( middle eastern or far eastern studies ) , you 'll be an expert in a fairly narrow subject . 
  the main problem is lack of counseling . 
  lol, 
  we , and other eu frontier nations , fully supported goergia back then . 
  shame that nato or eu as a whole did n't have balls to oppose russian aggression . 
  no , because we have enough political and economic power to oppose it . 
   what sort of pressure exactly is russia exerting ? 
  we do n't know . 
  probably they threaten to shut the valve . 
  and no , that does n't mean that there would be no more steam sales , that means that there would be thousands of dead ukrainians . 
  winter is coming and in this country it means , that it 'll be very cold ( continental climate - hot summers , cold winters ) . 
  would putin do that ? 
  sure , he did it to ukraine , belarus , threatened to do so to poland . 
  but in next year , we 'll have a lng port , so he can kiss our asses ( and if we 'll have our shale gas excavation points operational , we 'll be in a safe spot ) . 
  he 'd also close russian market for ukrainian goods , most likely those goods , that are main exports to russia . 
  he did so with half of europe , georgia was mostly affected by borjomi and wine embargo , because russia was main market , borjomi was a global mark but it was n't as popular as other exclusive mineral waters and georgian wines did n't match eu quality criteria . 
   what specifically would ukraine receive the most important thing is opening of eu market , which is bigger than russian and more investments from private sector from eu . 
  polish firms try to invest in ukraine but it 's hard ( ** corruption ! ** ) . 
  it would be also benefitial for ukrainians , because eu standards on most things are really important ( mentioned corruption , stability of the currency , political freedom , those things would be more important for every another ukrainian government and they could try to break ties with mafia , oligarchs and , most important , moscow .
