  there still are children of officers killed in katy\u0144 alive , there are still people that went through horror of being sent to siberia around us . 
  that 's not fucking mongol invasion we 're talking about , it 's ww2 . 
  heck , my grandma lived back then . 
  seriously ? 
  they 're pretty popular in poland . 
  it ca n't be russian , if it was russian , we 'd get a dashcam video . 
  that 's not the v4 that we were fighting for ... 
   some even have suggested that a model of `` perpetual neutrality '' might be a solution for ukraine . 
  they 've tried it . 
  they had it in constitution till ... last week ? 
  or maybe still are - it was/is included in their constitution , i think . 
  still , they should be blue . 
  hungary are our mates . 
  tbh , i hope that what orban does in case of russia ( i wo n't comment now on hungarian revanchisme ) has a purpose . 
  i really hope , that the tanks they 've sent to czechia are going to end up in ukraine ( so they either use them , or sell them ) . 
  still waiting for v4 reaction force ... 
  by few dozens electors . 
  few percent of commonwealth 's residents were eligible to vote . 
  i do n't agree . 
  especially with current mobility of labor ( especially in poland ! ), 
  high taxes for high income bracket are not only unjust , but also serve no purpose - the most wealthy will flee , the mediocre wealthy people will change place of residence ( i know plenty of people who did it only because they could - not because they needed to ) . 
  if you want a brain drain syndrome to increase - higher taxes are the best mean to do so . 
  * rabble-rabble *, 
  and he said , that he 'll do it . 
  it 'd be nice if they included it in new season : * so , raymond , i 've heard your nephew got a new job * . 
  he was elected as a president , that means he 's got skill for political negotiations , do n't you think so ? 
  neither are we . 
  if we were pessimists , we would gave you want you 've wanted in 1939 and would n't start protests against bolsheviks in 1956 , 1970 , 1980 and so on . 
  we just like to argue - we 've been a democracy longer than most of european countries ( elected kings , mate ) . 
  no he was n't . 
  see , i won . 
  nra is the most elligible for that kind of research and independent organization you can imagine . 
  calling it bullshit is like calling nasa a mdeiocre space research institution ... 
  he was elected , that means that his language skills are good enough to convince other members of council . 
  calling pis idiots is just a hate speech . 
  i 'm a po-pis orphan - i wait for fiscal conservative , moderate social conservative coalition in poland . 
  pis did many good things - they were the only party that lowered taxes ( po was supposed to be liberal , yet they 've increased taxes ) . 
  po did n't do a thing for last 7 years , which is a shame , they were just too scared to lose votes , so they 've left oversized administration intact and did n't make tough decisions like reorganization of krus and zus ( * let the sleeping dog lie * ) . 
  while i think , that ziobro is an utter idiot , i really liked gilowska as mof . 
  i think that war against corruption was a success to some degree and we need some more of that . 
  the real low point of pis is that they do n't offer a true change - there wo n't be a great revolution in administration , nor fiscal politics . 
  i fear , that they 'll go for a social vote ( just like tusk tried in his last speech ) . 
  either way , i 'll vote for economy oriented , moderate conservative candidates from pis , like gowin or kowal ( my last pick in mep voting ) . 
  it 's really crucial , to end po rule , because power corrupts and we knwo it . 
  we should strive for high moral and political standards . 
  so the change is a must . 
  from what we 've seen on the conference , his english is pretty decent . 
  i think that he 's just shy - i think that 's common in poland , that some of us tend not to use a foreign language , if they do n't consider themselves 100 % fluent . 
  he did n't use a translator , he spoke quite freely - and his `` polish my english '' pun was really good . 
  never voted for him , but i have respect for him - top politicians in poland are quite non-corrupt , i think , so i am happy with this nomination . 
  it 's called critical thinking , we do it a lot . 
  we 're not happy with ourselves or our government - that 's why we make progress . 
  no tapes on him . 
  give it to us !, 
  this time we 'll probably do it * without * ukraine , but it should be fun . 
  or 0 if you want , we can include ukraine and a stadium in donetsk . 
  that also would be fun . 
  it 'd be funny , if it was n't so true . 
  opel is a reliable car brand , especially , if you want to connect the exhaust with the cargo area , where you 've previously put some `` people '' . 
  buy opel , good for race purity ( tm ) . 
  i 'll post it until everyone will understand - russian gdp is roughly as large as italian !, 
  they 're not usa , nor china - we 'll manage without russia . 
  russia woithout us wo n't !, 
  especially with coming ttip , developing trade with asean , korea ( we 've got a trade agreement !, 
  ) , india , china and so on . 
  dump russia , tighten relations with other countries ( i know that china 's no angel , but we should first consider threats close to our borders ) , strengthen ukraine - it 's one of the biggest european countries !, 
  think about it . 
  pland - no , i 'm for tightening relations with v4 , slovenia , croatia , baltics , romania and bulgaria . 
  i think that we should focus on organic integration in a limited form . 
  i live near slovak border - i was only once in a lidl there . 
  you might laugh , but i think that day to day stuff is what matters the most in this kind of venture . 
  war was winnable in 1939 ... 
  doing nothing was just part of apppeasement . 
  on one hand , german cars are very reliable . 
  on the other hand , they tend to fight and exterminate us . 
  yep , everything checks out . 
  there is no war , according to rusians . 
  it will be like that everywhere - building sites and agriculture need seasonal workers . 
  i 've been going out with a girl , who most probably was an alien - does it count ? 
  congratulations , you 've intimidated / r/europe . 
  that 's true - russia is not a great power . 
  their gdp is comparable to italian and economy is based only on natural resources . 
  the best way would be to stop importing russian lng in amount needed for chemical industry . 
  eu should impose a military exports ban on russia . 
  and car exports . 
  and kick out gazprom from eu . 
  do everything it takes to paralyze russian government . 
  yeah , i know . 
  there also * was * a great library in alexandria . 
  states must have means to defend themselves . 
  they 're russia * proper * . 
  i wonder , if ukrainians are also that irresponsible . 
  i hope , that their involvement in military missions conducted by west ( they were in iraq in our sector , i think ) taught them anything about modern combat . 
  i know , that our military gained much needed experience in iraq and afghanistan , that might be also the case with ukrainians . 
  my kacap-radar is going out of scale !, 
  ** i sense russian !, 
  i agree . 
  there 's nothing else as important as the first war since balkans in europe . 
  tjere 'll be many new informations about it and we should focus on this , not deliberate on some pseudo-news . 
  funny thing is , that cefta members are not in central europe .
