  my family lost a factory in lw\u00f3w , one of my great-grandpas was beaten to death by communist secret police and other one spent the war in auschwitz ( he survived ) . 
  our grandparents lived through the war and told us about the famine and inhumane conditions they had to grew up in . 
  jews that do n't understand our suffering and accuse us of being co-responsible for a genocide in which we were one of objects of mass-killing . 
  that 's like spitting in my face , it makes me angry and sad ... 
  it sucks , man . 
  we have n't fully recovered from all the shit our country has been in for last 400 years ( deluge , partitions , the war , communism ) and we are being told that we 're responsible for one of the most horryfing genocides in the history of mankind ... 
  i 'd say that there are some positive factors of low divorce rates in poland ( social stigma is a negative factor and it 's not a big deal , more important negative factor would be a religious one ) . 
  as for positive factors - well , i think that marriage is a big deal , only a handful of people in my age that i know ( i 'm 25 ) are married . 
  and it happens after a long time of informal relationship . 
  people know that marriage in polish law is not a thing you do willy-nily and getting a divorce takes a lot of time and hassle . 
  people want to be sure that they know the other person good enough , to get married and stay together forever . 
  not for me . 
  i do n't understand this hysterical attitude . 
  because vegemite is better . 
  those are pan-slavic colours , since 1848 . 
  most of slavic countries use them . 
  no , no , no . 
  he was a [ polish prince ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/origin_theories_of_christopher_columbus#polish_hypothesis ) . 
  mmm , cod aspic . 
  or carp aspic . 
  or chicken aspic . 
  damn , i love aspic . 
  pfff ... yodelers are [ japanese ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yo7mwuj7zla&amp;ab_channel=fritz5190 ) . 
  you 're welcome , i 'm happy that you 've enjoyed it !, 
  be wary that they tend to talk a lot . 
  but they have great record chart on friday evenings , it 's mainly music ( nowadays , a lot of polish music , because it has gotten a lot better than it was even five years ago ) . 
  they talk a lot - it 's usually high quality journalism . 
  polish public tv is garbage , but our public radio is awesome . 
  [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/fstgsesevr8?t=29s ) is just one and a half minute long . 
  it has a. . . cult following ? 
  it 's a fourth most popular station ( second most popular public station ) , and probably the most popular station among music lovers . 
  they serve everything - from rock to rap , classic disco to electronic . 
  little to none mainstream pop/rap ( so no rihanna , jay-z , lady gaga and so on ) . 
  but they 'll play shit like korpiklaani , some old-school ghanian rock , led zeppelin , frank sinatra , jean michelle jarre and willie nelson . 
  i think that at least half of the male population of poland is a diy/carpentry/mechanics hobbyist . 
  how will you check if someone is a hobbyist or just buys a light bulb for his/her pantry ( again , good luck with using other types of light in a room you usually go into just to get a mason jar of home-made pickles ) . 
  i love led light - it 's cheap in a long run , does n't emmit unnecessary heat and the light is pleasant for an eye . 
  but old lighbulbs are irreplaceable in some cases . 
  you 'd be euphoric , would n't you ? 
  wow , seriously ? 
  we could travel visa-free all around europe in the 1990s . 
  high-five !, 
  democracy is n't just a rule of majority , mate . 
  ajvar 's the best . 
  polska razem , they start from pis lists ( as a part of united right ) . 
  i hope they 'll have something to say in the next sejm . 
  they 're more fiscally conservative than pis . 
  and she remained polish , supporting polish independence and estabilishing radium institute in warsaw ( she even gave it one gram of radium , which was worth a fortune back then ) . 
  not in the south , i 've never eaten it . 
  from our perspective both iraq and afghanistan were sucesses . 
  we 've gained much needed experience thanks to those missions ( there was great `` polska zbrojna '' issue about our involvement in isaf , it was a revolution for our army ) . 
  wow , you 're so kewl . 
  mm mm , galaretka . 
  but it was n't the case in feudal europe . 
  the separation of church and state can be traced back to 11th century . 
  yeah , they were lied to . 
  if your job was smuggling people you would feed them lied just so they would trust their lifes to you . 
  it 's nothing new , i recommend a book by an austrian author martin pollack , `` cesarzowa ameryki '' ( empress of america ) published by wydawnictwo czarne . 
  it 's about the emigration from kuk to america . 
  same things happened 150 years ago . 
   if i ran a private hotel and i would n't rent a room to a jew because of his nationality would that be ok ? 
  if rules of the hotel would be considered legal , you could do it . 
  no , you could n't . 
  ca n't wait for the ufo above belweder !, 
  representative democracy does n't even mean you have to vote - unless the constitution says so ( it 's called imperative mandate and it 's very rare ) . 
  the idea of representative democracy is that representatives are thought to be better informed and prepared to decide on policies than voters . 
  from house of cards to veep , then ? 
  it 's normal for every economy in temperate climate . 
  seasonal workers in agriculture and construction . 
  um , a cashier in lidl earns 3000zl . 
  you have to prove to yourself you 're better than those you left behind . 
  it does , mainly because saint paul pushed for a catholic ( as in - universal ) church . 
  christianity adapts well , mainly because a lot of pre-christian traditions have the same background , like honoring dead people and reflecting on our mortality . 
  so did we . 
  even more - there was an initiative by polish ngo , which transported families from syria to poland on its own . 
  guess what happened . 
  that 's how brain bugs spread . 
  i think that usually it 's eaten with bread . 
  that does n't mean they drink less . 
  that means they drink more samogon . 
  well , that was pretty condescending . 
  yeah , i saw videos showing krampus ' tearing clothes from other folks . 
  that 's pretty brutal . 
  only if [ luka ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hurhofa20uy ) allows . 
  it is n't stupid , considering that we can not freely use elbl\u0105g as a port city , because the only route to the baltic is controlled by russians . 
  through the are that is basically a giant military base . 
  whole region is underdeveloped . 
  it 's good that there is a push for investments in underprivileged areas . 
  what ? 
  since when our women are ugly ? 
  and the one on the right is okay , but both are `` tapeciary '' . 
  the building in the picture is 116 years old , mate . 
  and yeah , my room in zakopane is next to veranda , it gets cold af . 
  the only problem is the fact that temperatures on the first and second floor are very different , i try to convince my parents to install better insulation of veranda . 
  but the only room that gets really cold is mine ( or , to be more precise , my dog 's , because she sleeps there even if i 'm not in zakopane ) and i spend most of time in krak\u00f3w , so they do n't really care . 
  yeah , i remember jumping into snow from the 2nd floor . 
  nope , a cultural centre . 
  meh , it 's not that bad . 
  my family lives in a house built in the same style as jutrzenka and it is n't that bad . 
  every few years you have to get a bunch of workers to clean the surface , but even if you do n't do it - it just gets black .
