  but that does n't mean all muslims are bad people , illiberal , terrible , or whatever you want to call them . 
  that does n't mean there are no illegitimate claims of racism , either . 
  i would n't be so quick to dismiss claims of discrimination , especially with far-right parties ( many of whom are almost proudly racist ) on the rise throughout europe . 
  there 's nuance . 
   to contrast , i have lived in very poor inner city in the us , surrounded by many housing projects , and while being white i made many black and latino friends among my neighbors . 
  even though i was the one who was a guest , i never had the sense that people were hostile to me ( whereas muslim men are hostile to me in my own city and country , where they have just arrived ) i never had the sense that people fighting for civil rights there wanted to rule over white people , but just to be equal and no longer be fucked over by the police and by society . 
  this is kind of funny to me because i 've heard a lot of people say that the end goal of feminists , of minorities groups in general , is to have special privileges over white , straight , ( cis , able-bodied , etc ) males . 
  though , and maybe this is a bit naive of me to believe , those men who just arrived are probably struggling too . 
  they 're struggling to adapt . 
  they 're no longer home , especially if they 're refugees . 
  my main concern would n't be that i get a sense of hostility from them ( your body language may make them uncomfortable as well , you never know , especially when you ca n't communicate , and especially when there are cultural differences with regard to body language ) but that their hostility will crystallize into radicalism which is why i think outreach is incredibly important . 
  and it 's why i think people should examine their cross-cultural interactions a bit more carefully , on both sides . 
  there is a lot of hate going around . 
  tensions are high . 
  i can understand why people , on both sides , would be incredibly nervous . 
  i want to make it clear that i 'm not attacking you for how you feel . 
  fear 's a powerful thing . 
  and i ca n't judge you for it because i might feel the same in your situation . 
  though you do repeat a lot of right-wing talking points when it comes to muslims . 
  i 'm not saying you , or they 're , wrong , but you are . 
  there 's always another side , though . 
  and , usually , both sides have a story worth telling ( unless one side is like , nazis , then there 's nothing to really say except fuck off ) . 
  i 'm totally for criticizing how western nations are handling obviously radicalizing muslim populations . 
  a big part of it , though , is that i think a lot of people seem to be made to feel like foreigners . 
  and i 'm basing that on what i 've read from muslims , not personal experience . 
  i could be wrong , but a part of the problem is , i think , the reaction of native europeans . 
  there are other issues like the general radicalization of the islamic world , but there 's not much to be done about that . 
  on the plus side , i 've heard germany has had success through using moderate imams to reach out to young muslims , those most at risk for radicalization , and helping to bring them closer to western values . 
  religion might be a way , though unconventional , to reach out . 
  though , and i think this is why i 'm bothering to type this all out , what really bothers me is when people use these excuses to damn refugees to a hellish civil war with no end in sight . 
  the refugee crisis could be handled a lot better . 
  states can deal with large immigrant and refugee populations a lot better . 
  and the assholes in those communities are just that , but the sheer chaos of the middle-east has given me a lot of sympathy for the people of syria and , more broadly , of the middle-east . 
  and maybe i 'd feel differently if i was european , but i 'm not . 
  i have similar feelings about refugees from south and central america to the u.s. though , so who knows ? 
  ironically , and this is a side note , i think the far-right and young , radical muslims have a lot in common : they 're angry and hold regressive views . 
  it 's kinda funny to me . 
  nice talking to you , though . 
  this has been a relatively pleasant conversation by my standards for / r/europe . 
  i 've responded to most of the stuff in here in the other comment i 'm about to post , but i just wanted to say that i 'm not accusing you of feeling that people should completely abandon their culture . 
  i did n't think you did , but i just wanted to say that . 
   the oppressed are not always right . 
  sometimes they are . 
  but sometimes they are just people who were as much assholes as we were , we were just better at it . 
  i do n't find `` we 're the bigger asshole '' to be a great excuse as to why a group 's oppressed . 
  actually , reflecting on this through an american history perspective , i 'd actually say being the biggest asshole , as the term would imply , to be a fairly shameful thing . 
  beyond that , we are living in the 21 ^ st century . 
  i do n't expect all oppression to disappear overnight , but i think we can can do a better job of eliminating sexism , classism , racism , other - isms , and exploitation . 
  but i was n't saying the oppressed were right 100 % of the time , anyhow . 
  i 'm saying that the people on / r/europe tend to take a specific point of view and apply it universally . 
  we all do it to some degree , but i really wish people would be more understanding as to why others would riot and be angry . 
  specifically , i wish they 'd understand what marginalization feels like . 
  have you ever been accused of a crime because of where you live ? 
  because of factors beyond your control ( skin color , accent , place of origin , etc. ) ? 
  it 's upsetting . 
  it 's frustrating . 
  it makes the individual feel powerless . 
  and , most of all , it just fucking sucks . 
  so , in other words , i 'm saying be a bit more empathetic to how others feel . 
  i do n't like riots , and i do n't like violence . 
  but i can understand why people riot , why they become violent . 
  and i 'm not saying you 're not empathetic or do n't care or anything that can be conceived as an insult , but i wanted to clarify my statements because i feel you 're misinterpreting what i 'm saying . 
   you 're viewing all this from the lense of american civil rights + ghettoes , where you 're dealing with black people whose ancestors the us brought over as slaves , and now you 're living with their descendants , which you 've continued to systemically oppress to this day . 
  again , i think you 're misinterpreting what i 'm saying . 
  i am specifically making the comparison to american ghettos in the sense that there are large communities of poor , discontented people who feel alienated from society . 
  i 'm not comparing the histories of america and france or the social factors that lead to the creation of the ghettos - though that would be interesting , but i 'd need to know more about france , imperialism , movements of people from africa to france and discrimination those migrants faced , so that 's off the table for now . 
   when you 're talking about people who refuse to integrate as immigrants , that 's a different story . 
  what i want to say depends on what you mean by `` integrate . '', 
  if you mean integrate as identify as french or see themselves as a member of the french state , broadly share culture values with mainstream french culture , etc. 
  then , yeah , there 's work to be done , sure . 
  but i 'd still say the french state and people need to do more outreach . 
  i would n't expect a group who feels marginalized - rightly or wrongly - to want to join a culture which , in their minds , shuns them . 
  and that may not be your experience . 
  you may feel you and everyone around you is very welcoming . 
  hell , that can even be the case , but it 's not universal as evidenced by quotes from the article : * `` achab 's grandparents were algerian but since then , her family has been french . 
  `` i 'm french , my parents are french , we 've been french for two generations , yet i 'm still constantly being asked : ` are you french ? ''' * as a white american , i can see why a person who identifies as french would feel alienated by questions such as `` are you french ? '', 
  it questions a core part of one 's identity because of certain , possibly minor , differences . 
  so when i say the people on / r/europe should be more understanding , i 'm referencing quotes like the one above . 
  i 'm saying that they should be more understanding of the general lives of the people they complain about . 
  i 'm guessing you 've heard the expression , but do n't judge someone until you 've walked a mile in their shoes . 
  i get that it 's difficult , but it 's always good to try . 
  though , if you mean integrate as abandon all traces of one 's former culture , then i think you have a pipe dream on your hands . 
   as well , france gives a much bigger safety net to people than the us does , in terms of health care , education , etc , so people ca n't claim it 's the lack of those things that are holding them down , as they very much could in the us . 
  i mean , yes and no . 
  the article points out that `` he [ karim ] pointed to a study this month by the institut montaigne , which found a practising muslim man was four times less likely to get a job interview in france than a catholic , and jews were also discriminated against . 
  ` the results reveal a strong discrimination against muslims and jews in france , ' the study concluded . '', 
  there are issues within france . 
  it 's not just minority groups . 
  yes , safety nets help , but there are other issues , one 's i 'm not referencing but are in the article , that go beyond what the government can do with regards to social safety nets . 
  all this is to say that we should all try to do a better job to understand the lives of people around us , especially those who are angry . 
  we 'd have a better world if we did . 
  there 's a reason actions speak louder than words . 
  that said , i also love the art of persuasion , so i 'm not exactly innocent when it comes to matters of purposeful rhetoric . 
  though , for what it 's worth , i believe that students should be given rhetoric classes in secondary school . 
  it 's an incredibly practical thing to know and be able to use . 
  no , it 's really not . 
  i 've known plenty of people who made dumb decisions when they were younger , and they 're paying for it severely now . 
  they 're not even out of their twenties . 
  they did not have anyone to guide them like the privileged that `` take responsibility . '', 
  i 'm thankful i had someone to tell me what to do .
