  i would n't worry that extremists are trying to recruit people . 
  that 's bound to happen . 
  i 'd be more concerned with if the extremists are succeeding . 
  there 's no indication of that . 
  but that might require reading the article and not filling it with your imagination . 
  why ? 
  it 's , uh , not the 1600 's anymore , and we can do better . 
  language reveals a lot . 
  i 'm not surprised you post in a racist subreddit . 
  if you do n't think it 's reliable then ask for sources . 
  but it 's not that a wikipedia article ca n't be well sourced or well written . 
  i 'm sure they can , but it 's not universally quality information . 
  [ take , for example , this article . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anarchy_in_the_united_states ) it 's fucking trash . 
  thankfully , though , it only has one ( incredibly biased and non-historical ) source and can be pointed out as such . 
  but with longer articles , to ensure quality , the mods would need to check the sources for the article and make sure they 're good . 
  that 's an impossible task . 
  plus , if a person wants to , let them go read wikipedia . 
  the whole point of / r/askhistorians is to get academic history ( meaning from people who 've spent at least half a decade of their life , probably more , studying , writing , arguing , and generally devoting themselves to the study of whatever their focus is , which is incredibly narrow ) . 
  wikipedia just is n't academic thus it falls outside of the realm of the sub . 
  it 's good for basic knowledge , but that just does n't cover it when a subject as deep and complex as history . 
  nor do i. 
  but i also saw plenty of people taking food . 
  i saw plenty of faces full of gratitude in that video as well . 
  i 'm offering up an answer based on what i 'd do , and what i believe a rational person would do . 
  decide for yourself , friend . 
  i would too if i did n't understand why wikipedia can be unreliable . 
  ultimately , / r/askhistorians is looking for material based on academic sources . 
  wikipedia , while sourced , can be poorly sourced and poorly analyzed . 
  historians do not decide what the facts are and move on . 
  it 's an argument about what happened in the past , so answers can vary radically . 
  one explanation on wikipedia may not do a topic justice . 
  in fact , i 'd say that no wikipedia article does anything in history justice because it 's all far more complex than a single web page can allow . 
  the average history dissertation is something like three hundred pages long and has more sources than the longest wikipedia article . 
  so , actually , yeah , now that i think about it , the mods at / r/askhistorians have a great reason for banning wikipedia articles . 
  they just do not work for the depth the sub is looking for . 
  personally ? 
  i see both sides of the argument . 
  there 's a strong case for both . 
  i 'm not going to play judge here . 
  under u.s. law , i believe the religious exemptions are valid . 
  if i was redesigning the constitution , i 'm unsure of how i would deal with the issue . 
  i have n't thought about it enough , nor would i even consider myself educated enough to have a good opinion on the matter . 
  it 's an interesting study in `` where do our rights stop and why , '' though . 
  sometimes , you just have to accommodate other people . 
  i would n't call it a double standard because there 's a ( good ) reason for the exemption . 
  it 's the same reason we have gendered bathrooms . 
  in the eyes of the law , there 's a compelling reason for the distinction . 
  i mean , hey , if it makes them happy then good for them . 
  it 's unimportant to me , so i move on with my day . 
  if i had a good religious reason then i 'd have reason to be upset and a case to make . 
  you see things differently . 
  that 's chill . 
  there are definitely flaws in the religious exemption thing as well . 
  no one said it 's perfect . 
  mods , in theory , help moderate discussion , so it all does n't turn to hell . 
  that 's why , for example , / r/askhistorians is one of the best subs , if not the best , on reddit despite being pretty large . 
  modding / r/europe would be a lot harder , for sure , but adding active mods who enforced the rules would go a long way . 
  specifically , dealing with a lot of the racist posters on this sub . 
  they 're a minority , but they 're an influential one . 
  immigration wo n't end in a few months , but a solution will , hopefully , be reached on how to deal with it . 
  that will , hopefully , calm things down . 
  people are afraid , and politicians are bickering like mad . 
  something similar was happening in the u.s. a few months , maybe a year , ago . 
  we had a massive influx of people from south america . 
  we 're still getting them . 
  but it 's being handled . 
  right now , there does n't seem to be a plan . 
  it all looks like chaos . 
  once that chaos has passed then things will settle down , and people will look to the next issue to pettily bicker over . 
  i was specifically talking about police officers . 
  i mean , they wear helmets too , but that 's not a regular thing . 
  and my response would be i do n't know . 
  i bet there 's a solution to that too . 
  if there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  i just briefly skimmed a few things which seem to indicate , in the u.s. at least , that religious exemptions to hard hats are valid , so if a person has a valid reason ( sikhs and amish people , for instance ) can be excused from wearing a hard hat . 
  no idea about helmets though . 
  it appears the u.s. army allows exemptions , but that 's only the u.s. no idea about other countries . 
  why ? 
  sweden 's a wealthy country . 
  if i 'm a person running away from a war , and i expect to be gone for a while then i 'm going to look for the best place to settle . 
  i 've lost everything . 
  i 'm going to look for the best place for me and my family . 
  it 's not a terribly hard concept to grasp if you think about what you 'd do in their situation . 
  you can say `` oh , well they 're economic immigrants rabble rabble rabble , '' but , honestly , that does n't cover it . 
  their flight goes beyond `` welfare shopping . '', 
  it goes to `` where is best for me and my family ? '', 
  plus , from my understanding , these people had family in sweden , so it 's not like they 're saying `` germany sucks !, 
  fuck you ! '', 
  they 're trying to get to family members . 
  again , something that 's completely understandable . 
  and , not to mention , half of rome did n't , you know , fell until the 1400 's . 
  the western half fell for a variety of reasons . 
  it 's not like the empire was going through a golden age then migrants came and destroyed the whole fucking thing . 
  hell , had rome been more accepting of germans and not treated them as subhumans , then the western half may have survived ... 
  but that 's just speculation . 
  point is : saying immigration caused the fall of the roman empire is wrong . 
  it 's an idea that 's trotted out to support a claim , but it 's practically fallacious . 
  why is that unreal ? 
  if i 'm forced to leave my country then hell yeah i 'm going to look for the most stable , wealthy area i can settle in .
