  so , yeah , i believe it is a massive problem because of that . 
  there 's certainly a lot of racist voices in those protests . 
  you want people who will work with you then you need to make sure you 're working with them . 
  i do n't believe all europeans are racist either . 
  my accusations are leveled at this sub , not europe as a whole . 
  the reaction to what 's going on is , in many ways , quite heartening ... 
  except on / r/europe . 
  that 's not to say that the refugees are absolutely perfect . 
  they are n't . 
  no large group of people - especially a group fleeing from a war - is going to be perfect . 
  there 's a relationship between europe and the refugees , and like every healthy relationship , there needs to be some give and take . 
  both sides probably feel like they 're giving too much and not getting enough . 
  there are absolutely some bad eggs in the bunch , but they should be locked up like any other criminal . 
  i do n't know if you 've noticed , but a lot of what i see as a solution to cultural issues is respect , outreach , and understanding , being compassionate and empathetic . 
  perhaps i 'm being unreasonable , but it 's been my experience that people of all types respond well to those traits . 
  i 'm trying to make friends with a black guy , and i have a guy who appears to be in my group shouting white supremacist slogans and i just let him do it then what 's the guy i 'm talking to going to think ? 
  not something good , i can assure you that . 
  it 's the same thing with the protests . 
  we ca n't , nor should we , forcibly silence racist voices with the government , but consistently speaking out against racism and shutting it down is a good way of dealing with the problem . 
  it 's been a long time coming . 
  if racism is allowed to fester then it 'll eventually be alright to say shit like `` deport them all ! '', 
  which is exactly where hitler started with the jews . 
  you wo n't reach him . 
  he 's afraid , and fear smothers pretty much everything . 
  nor will you reach people on this sub as the only real narrative here is that europe is on the brink of total destruction . 
   racist idiots will be always here , that 's just how things are , but branding critics of islam and immigration as the kkk is like saying that all muslims are terrorists . 
  there 's a difference between criticizing islam and how immigration is being handled and racism . 
  i 'm aware that there 's nuance . 
  because there is . 
  there are a lot of problems in the middle east , and religion is a part of it . 
  it 's not the only problem , but religious extremism is a problem . 
  no one is denying it . 
  with that said , i 'm still see a lot of racism here , and it 's worth calling out . 
  people who get upset over racism being called out are only contributing to the problem . 
  they 're not seeing the nuance . 
  anyone who speaks out against the racist circlejerk is someone who 's trying to destroy europe , apparently . 
   sorry , unless you live in a cave and watch only tv ( bbc & cnn come to mind ) , there is enough reliable information out there for you to understand that the way things are today only harms europe . 
  i 'm aware of what 's going on . 
  look at my posting history . 
  the vast majority of it is in / r/europe . 
  i 've seen enough of what this sub considers the truth , and i still stick with my opinion because i do n't buy into the paranoia . 
  i get why people are afraid , but i do n't buy it . 
  i hear scary platitudes and a one sided narrative here . 
  perhaps you should look out for things which do not confirm your biases as well . 
   it 's not about them being brown or speaking a different language , it 's about the whole system - `` let 's bring in all these people from another culture and lock them behind a fence , what could go wrong !, 
  let them have their way with their culture , even though we do n't really know what they 're teached at mosques , they 'll integrate quite nicely ! '', 
  now here 's where there could be actual discussion about how immigration is handled . 
  i totally believe that how the current crisis is being dealt with is shitty . 
  i do n't believe sticking people in ghettos is going to work . 
  there needs to be work to get both the locals and immigrants/refugees to interact . 
  one major issue i see on this sub , though , is the expectation that people will abandon their culture , which is fucking laughable . 
  good luck . 
  you 'll only make enemies that way . 
  reaching out does n't mean forcibly converting . 
  people will keep their culture and their religion . 
  you may get a few converts here and there , but people will keep their religion by-and-large . 
  if i had to guess , the best way to deal with that is n't by marginalizing the religious , but instead by using moderate religious teachers to reach out in those communities . 
   putting aside the fact that by immigration we do n't solve the problem , only help those that have the money to make it to europe , and only make matters worse here perhaps i 'm misunderstanding your sentece , but you 'd allow massive amounts of people to die because they do n't benefit you ? 
  real great job with the whole european values , there . 
  accepting refugees is n't a matter of `` does this benefit us ? '', 
  it 's a matter of human rights . 
   the us is a melting pot - immigrants are teached to love the american flag and eventually end up doing the same shit the locals do . 
  the eu lets everyone do what they like and leaves them in ghettos on their own . 
  you 're wrong there . 
  really , you are . 
  america is full of situations where immigrants come in , ethnic groups essential pile into a small area , and live there , forming distinct cultures . 
  perhaps the most famous example of this is little italy or chinatown . 
  it happens all over the u.s. 
  ethnic groups cluster together . 
  and just because that happens does n't mean your nation ca n't reach out . 
  the eventual acceptance of immigrant groups is what leads to integration , not a forceful `` you must be like us ! '', 
   however , nobody has the balls to actually speak about this growing problem and instead the media are filled with images of poor migrants opressed by police or dying in the sea . 
  people have been yelling about the growing problem of islam for years now . 
  it 's old news . 
  there are a bunch of far-right parties which talk about it pretty frequently , you know . 
  in other words , i 'm not accusing people of being racist for discussing issues with immigration . 
  i 'm calling them racist for how they discuss it and how they talk about immigrants as an inhuman other . 
  there are ways to criticize and discuss how these issues are handled . 
  but when a sub upvotes someone calling for a literal ethnic cleansing but will downvote someone for calling it racist then , yeah , there 's a problem . 
  this sub 's main thing with immigration seems to be complaining about it and attacking anyone who says `` wow , ethnic cleansing is wrong . '', 
  also , and i do n't want to seem mean or snarky with this correction , but we use `` taught '' in english . 
  i know it does n't make much sense , but teached is n't exactly right . 
  oh , i 'm aware / r/europe is n't representative of europe as a whole . 
  reddit in general seems to have a distasteful , very hateful base which permeates all parts of the site . 
  and yeah , this sub definitely had some immigration stuff , but it was mild in comparison to this . 
  it feels like almost thread is something about immigration . 
  and yeah , people seem afraid , and that 's what worries me . 
  people will justify some insane stuff in the name of fear . 
  you 're totally right that these people feel like they 're being backed into a corner ... 
  but they seem to want to reinforce that bias too , so a part of me feels that they 're looking for reasons to be hateful as well . 
  it 's a complicated subject . 
  joking ? 
  wait , you 're the guy i responded to . 
  oh , yeah , mexico culture is totally incompatible . 
  i spoke to a cuban today , and she said she did n't like america culture . 
  totally incompatiable ! 111 !, 
  [ this comment chain comes to mind . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3knafd/documentary_done_recently_by_zdf_on_islam/cuywxue ) not every comment is literally kkk tier , but there are a lot . 
  the general tone of the subreddit reminds me of how the second kkk would talk about immigrants . 
  the inability to assimilate due to irreconcilable cultural differences , the idea that the evil lefitst are out to destroy the nation , the whole `` white '' identity thing , etc.
