  it 's the same xenophobia . 
  what i 'm trying to say is : consider a different perspective . 
  there are reasons that go far beyond culture for what 's happening in the middle east today . 
  this will be unpopular an unpopular opinion ( or at least i imagine it will be , given both your posts and many of the posts on this sub ) too , but it really is the west 's fault . 
  we fucked the whole area up with imperialism . 
  america is especially guilty because of our short-sighted overthrowing of democratically elected , secular governments in the middle east . 
  as the guy who spawned this comment chain said : there are no easy answers here . 
  this situation is incredibly complicated . 
  thinking of what 's going on in a different way might be good . 
  dae muslims are literally the plague that will ruin ~ ~ white people ~ ~ i mean civilization ? 
  understanding that there are concequences does n't make you stable . 
  stable yesterday does not mean stable tomorrow . 
  i do n't know how this conflict will end , but the conflict feels too large for the status quo to be restored . 
  perhaps i 'm wrong , but i just do n't see it . 
  based on your comment history , you 're a very stable person who 'll definitely not kill anyone . 
  oh , america 's killed more than half a million people and outright ignored it if not celebrated it ( hello , manifest destiny ) . 
  it will be a long time before america truly comes to terms with what we 've done in the middle east . 
  we 're , uh , not the best people on moral issues , to put it lightly . 
  you 're right . 
  and they 're doubly effective in he very conservative area i live in . 
  i think it 's a bit different foe refugees , but i 'm not sure . 
  if we do , i can see congress possibly passing a temporary bill to help the new refugees coming in . 
  that said , i do n't see congress and the president working together and doing something about this . 
  is it really that hard to believe someone might have a different opinion on refugees/immigration ? 
  i believe the u.s. should take in more latin american refugees and immigrants as well . 
  and besides , i do n't think i can buy anything with liberal points . 
  i 'm just not afraid of other peoples . 
  it 's a pretty popular paranoid fantasy that literally all white , european culture will be buried by muslim refugees . 
  moral reasons ? 
  i 'm not expecting the u.s. to do much , granted , but that 'd be a good reason . 
  so all that really says is that , like most things , more than one group is at fault . 
  a lot of the immigration threads here can be summed up as `` yikes '' because it feels like a lot of people here get their political opinions from / pol / . 
   i 'm sorry but this feels like putting the cart before the horse for reasons that are ideological , not historical . 
  i just dislike the view that europe is where everything of importance in the modern world originates from and that no where else had it . 
  i feel it distracts from the achievements of the rest of everyone else . 
  i imagine you wo n't like this response , but it kind of comes from a mentality that spawned from old , imperialistic racism . 
  it 's the idea that savage barbarians had no culture and must be tamed . 
  i 'm not accusing you of racism ( really , i 'm not , it 's something that 's so ingrained into our cultures that calling out individuals is ridiculous and hypocritical because i 'm guilty of the same things ) and do n't get me wrong . 
  europe is incredibly important in the development of the modern world . 
  i do n't think we can really overestimate how important europe ( and america , especially for the past 60 years ) in the development of the modern world . 
  i 'm not trying to downplay that either . 
  but i try to call out that attitude ( in a non-confrontational way ) when i see it . 
  so i guess you could accuse me of pushing anti-racism ? 
  if so , guilty as charged i guess . 
  i 'm not really going to say that is not what i 'm doing . 
  i 'm trying to attack a specific mentality . 
  we 're on reddit too . 
  on the charge that i 'm doing something because of ideology and not history , well , reexamining old beliefs is a big part of history . 
  history informs my ideology - i use it because i find it influential and important to me - but i do n't make shit up because i want to attack someone . 
  that 's just , i dunno , petty ? 
  i 'd agree with you if , for example , you were talking about capitalism instead of secularism . 
  there 's a pretty broad consensus , from what reading i 've done on the topic , that capitalism , as we understand it , developed in europe , especially given definitions such as the one from max weber . 
  and , again , let me reiterate that i 'm not calling you racist . 
  it 's a way of thinking that 's been in our societies for centuries , so it 's naturally influenced us . 
   saying someone is being euro-centric , without producing evidence that this person is wrong for being so , is hardly legitimate criticism . 
  i did use the example of chinese religion . 
  while they 're `` religions , '' they 're not quite like the abrahamic religions . 
  it 's more philosophical and less about praising deities . 
  my only issue in using them is that i 'm not super familiar with chinese history in general , so i 'm a bit more hesitant to go into depth . 
  though i 'd say , from what i understand , it 's secular in the sense that it 's closer to what we see as secularism ( governed more by a ruling philosophy , i.e. 
  absolutism or democracy which tells us how we should organize society , so we can get along , than dealing with god/s in the sense that we think of them ) than religion as we know it . 
  in other words , i 'd say that influential chinese religions are close enough to secularism as we understand it . 
  i certain could do more research though . 
  do you know of any articles , in english , which argue that secularism is specifically a western/european concept ? 
  [ also , i found this . 
  it 's pretty old though , so i 'm not sure if it 's really valid . 
  ] ( http://www.jstor.org/stable/162750 ), 
  shh , now is the time for outrage against black people not rational thoughts like `` a lawyer 's job is to defend a client to the best of her ability . '', 
  a lot of ideas that we 'd consider secular are a result of the religious wars of the 16 ^ th century . 
  however , i would n't say it 's necessary to have christian roots to accept secularism unless you want to say that you need islamic roots to understand algebra . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  understanding where the philosophy comes from requires a historical understanding of the protestant reformation and the subsequent fallout/changes in european society . 
  then again , i 'm really only talking about secularism in europe . 
  i ca n't say too much about philosophies that originated in the middle east as i 'm not too familiar . 
  in other words , i fear you 're being a bit too euro/western-centric here . 
  understanding how secularism developed in europe requires background knowledge of christianity , but i would n't be shocked to find secular forms of thought in the middle east . 
  and , from what i understand of chinese religion , much of it was more or less a philosophies on how to run society and not religion in the sense we think of it . 
  but in europe ? 
  the church ( es ) totally sowed the seed for their own loss of power . 
  it 's fascinating stuff . 
  there 's plenty of anti-immigration sentiment on / r/europe . 
  rather , it 's pretty hard to show an anti-immigrant point of view when sympathy will be high for refugees . 
  it just does n't work well . 
  ouch , that is straight neo-nazi shit . 
  and i do n't mean that in the sense of `` he 's a neo-nazi because he hates immigrants . '', 
  i mean it in the sense that calling a group of people `` cultural pollutants '' is pretty damn similar to calling a group of people parasites . 
  they both reference the idea that one group is dragging a superior one down . 
  and yet people complain about immigrants anyway . 
  to be fair , / r/news and / r/worldnews are considered mind blowingly , kkk - tier , i 've - never-met-a-non-white-person-and-only-listen-to-my-racist-uncle level racist . 
  the issue here is immigration . 
  you said that the movement of immigrants into europe is a lot like what happened to native americans . 
  and you continue to try to draw parallels between the two , even with the comment i 'm responding to . 
  i 'd recommend you pick up a history book and maybe learn a bit about what actually happened in north america before you make brain dead comparisons . 
  but you wo n't . 
  because it might shatter your racist persecution complex . 
  well it 's a good thing immigration is n't genocide , is n't it ? 
  the rhodesian government revolted because the british government tried to expand the vote to the native population . 
  it 's a popular example for white supremacists to use because after independence , the states ( notably zimbabwe ) went bad . 
  never mind that there were factors other than the switch from minority white rule which lead to those states going bad , but , you know , it 's much easier to put the blame on africans than to admit that imperialism was a terrible thing that resulted in the deaths of millions and is the cause of many of the issues we 're seeing today . 
  or , to use a more concrete example , a recent , racially motivated church shooting was carried out by a guy with a rhodesian flag on his jacket .
