alright , i 'm done here . 
  i 'll try and hold a discussion with someone , but when someone starts saying shit like islam , as a whole , is a problem then i 'm done . 
  no more condescending than just insulting people . 
  educating and reaching out to people works because it challenges extremist narratives . 
  it actively fights against them , and it does n't alienate larger muslim populations like a constant barrage of insults does . 
  i 'm not saying extremists are n't assholes/are right . 
  they are , and they 're not . 
  but insulting the one billion muslims in the world because someone feels righteous insulting others does nothing . 
  well , i should n't say it does nothing . 
  it plays into the hands of groups like isis who say `` look , they hate you anyway ! '', 
  when they 're looking for angry , young men to recruit . 
  that 's why anti-islamic groups like the one in the article do n't care about radical islam . 
  if they did then they 'd be working with the people in europe who are most likely to be radicalized and do something positive . 
  hatred never helps anything . 
  i 'm not addressing if something 's legal or not . 
  i 'm saying it is . 
  and i 'm saying someone should n't anyway . 
  and it may be a political act , but so is wiping my ass with the american flag . 
  i can do it and hide under the first amendment , but that does n't make me any less childish . 
  oh , i 'm not saying all drawings of muhammad are terrible things and should be avoided . 
  i 'm sure there can be legitimate and well done pieces of art surrounding the subject . 
  i would n't be surprised if some of the one billion muslims in the world have done some sort of protest art . 
  but when a person 's doing it just to offend others then , yeah , they look like assholes . 
  and that 's true for everyone . 
  if you burn a bible or a flag to anger someone just be an edgy ass then you 're a shit-stained ass . 
  and just so we 're clear , i 'm not saying any of this is illegal . 
  i 'm questioning if it should be done . 
  education ? 
  social work ? 
  generally living by example ? 
  there are plenty of ways to fight extremism that do not involve violence or being a dick . 
  it all depends on who you are and what you can do . 
  name calling is a way for bullies to feel better about themselves . 
  nothing more and nothing less . 
  it does nothing positive . 
  you may have the legal ability to do something , but that does n't mean you should . 
  no , the person 's still an asshole . 
  their actions are still childish . 
  there are ways to protest extremism without resulting to what equates to namecalling . 
  being an ass does n't do anything except make the ass feel better . 
  and i 'd think the same of anyone who does something to purposely offend others . 
  it 's hardly a political act and more of a cry for attention . 
  this thread 's pretty embarrassing . 
  do people here , i dunno , care about literally anything else ? 
  is pissing people off really the best way to spend one 's time ? 
  i understand the `` fun '' in purposely angering people , but at the end of the day most people do n't care and the person looks like a sad asshole . 
   in moral and philosophical sense he is right . 
  the only real obligation you have is towards your children - because you created them , and your parents - because they create you philosophy is an argument . 
  thus what is right and wrong will vary from person to person because we all agree and disagree on various things . 
  while i agree there 's an obligation to your children , i 'd say everyone has an obligation to humanity in general . 
  it may be different than the obligation you have to your children , but it 's still there . 
  others would disagree . 
  what is moral is also ( mostly ) subjective . 
  kantian ethics , natural law , utilitarianism all have points where they disagree . 
  and they all have points you 'd disagree with . 
  you do not have to buy their argument . 
  so , no , i do n't think he 's right in the sense you 're talking about . 
  i disagree with obran 's statements . 
   universal human rights etc is nice . 
  same way as communism - but not achievable in practice . 
  that does n't mean you give up at the first sign of a hard time . 
  i never said it 's not a big deal . 
  it is . 
  but the breadth of the issue goes beyond what most people think , imo . 
  saying `` do n't cheapen the word '' is just another way of saying `` do n't talk about racism . '', 
  i had a bigger response , but it got deleted . 
  so i 'm just going to divide this up into points . 
  * i believe there are latin american countries where people would qualify for refugee status , and that america should take them in . 
  * i do n't buy the economic migrant argument , and i view the assertion that people are going to germany for welfare as a shitty excuse to discredit other reasons people might flee to richer countries such as more job opportunities and larger immigrant communities . 
  * america has had issues with large amounts of refugees and immigrants in the recent past , but we 're the country others are trying to reach . 
  i 'm just not sure your comparison is valid . 
  how would mexico react to people trying to get to america might be a better question . 
  and to that , i 'd say that america should help them . 
  i 'm really biased on this though as some of my family members are colombian and my best friend is a cuban refugee . 
  how other american would react would n't be pretty , but there would still be a sense of `` we need to help these people '' coming from both liberals and conservatives . 
  * i have a strong belief in human rights , even when situations are trying . 
  the syrian situation is tragic . 
  the west ( esp . 
  america and canada ) should do what we can to help . 
  in the short term , that means taking in refugees . 
  the longer term solution is to end the civil war . 
  that 's no an easy task , and it 's not something we can rush into . 
  anyway , that 's about as far as i got in my response , so i 'm going to change format and start quoting you . 
   does a beggar on an afghan street have the right to get asylum in one of the wealthiest countries in the world ? 
  and what if there are hundreds of millions of such people ? 
  accept all of them ? 
  ( of course the beggar is unlikely to get to europe , as these migrants usually spend thousands or even tens of thousands of dollars to get there ... but one must understand that even in the third world there are hundreds of millions who were raised a little over abject poverty and has access to information about the world on a scale unimaginable even decades ago , as the speech mentions it specifically , thanks to the internet ... and they are like `` i want to live like them , i want to live there '' . 
  but we should make it clear that it 's not a possibility for most of them . 
  does the us accept unlimited numbers from the third world every year ? 
  how come they do n't ? 
  but they hypocritically demand the eu to do so , apparently , as american media is viciously attacking i.e. 
  orb\u00e1n for saying things like that . 
  we 're talking about a refugee crisis though . 
  are there some opportunists ? 
  yeah , of course there are , but there are a lot of people who are in need of legitimate help . 
  as i mentioned above , in the short them , the way to help those who need help is to give them refugee status and help settle those who will want to stay into the country . 
  it wo n't be easy , but when is anything easy ? 
  american media is attacking obran because the people he 's seems to be ( i 'll talk about my opinion of his handling of the situation later ) turning his back on are refugees . 
  as i mentioned above , i do n't buy the economic immigrant argument . 
  there are a lot of people who 've lost everything , and they 're fleeing towards europe , especially germany and sweden , as they have nothing else .
