  i 've lost everything , so i 'm going to look for the best place to settle . 
  it 's not a mystery . 
  nor can i blame them for looking towards sweden . 
  the way people have talked about immigrants in this thread , you 'd expect them to be mindless beasts . 
  but they 're not . 
  they 're people - like you and like me . 
  fuck , if i was forced to move from america , sweden/norway is where i 'd be heading too . 
  they 're beautiful , wealthy countries . 
  it 's not hard to imagine why someone would want to settle there . 
  no , though . 
  that 'd make sense . 
  you just do n't want them to ruin your aryan myth . 
  because it 's not an inconvenience ? 
  religious objections to not working on saturday or sunday woud cause problems . 
  a turban though ? 
  dude just has fancier headgear . 
  looks good too . 
  unfortunately , we can not escape bias . 
  it 's a subtle thing which influences our views on what happened . 
  when a reporter writes something , it 's ultimately an opinion on what happened . 
  we 're reading what happened through her perspective . 
  the `` facts '' we 're getting are filtered through another person 's perspective . 
  now , i generally agree that a reporter should work on acknowledging her biases and work to eliminate it as much as possible in her writing , but expecting a fully objective report is like expecting pigs to fly : it 's just not going to happen . 
  that all said , she was fucking wrong . 
  interfere if you can save a life . 
  interfere is something horrible is about to happen . 
  do n't fucking attack people because you do n't like them . 
  alternatively , there 's a massive , racist echochamber next door where people go to discuss their racism then bring it here . 
  if / r/europe was representative of the broader population then it 'd be heading towards a syrian genocide . 
  oh , and when this thread is bombed , they 'll complain about censorship and how terrible the mods are despite racism being against the rules . 
  i would say that the queen goes beyond merely being a face for the british ideal of monarchy . 
  she 's * the * british ideal . 
  as you said a `` lovable granny of inexhaustible spirit and ferocity . '', 
  i 'd totally use that as a description of britain . 
  the discussion of , and having doubts about , immigration is n't racist . 
  really , it is n't . 
  those concerns you mentioned are valid . 
  they 're things to think about . 
  yet how these issues are discussed is critical . 
  there 's a difference between saying `` i 'm concerned because we do n't know how we 'll deal with massive amounts of immigrants '' and `` the dirty muslim hordes are coming to take europe from white people and ruin western civilization . '', 
  it 's pretty obvious if you know the tells . 
  then it just kind of gets confusing . 
  who would have thunk that people who blame all their problems on others have so much time on their hands ? 
  damn , i wish i had time right now to respond to you . 
  i 'll try to get back to you later in the day , but that could easily be 10-12 hours from now . 
  i do want to say something real quick though : the american ethnicity is more than ground up european bits . 
  we 're not the somme . 
  we 're also chunks of former slaves and pacific islanders and various other non-european groups who 've immigrated to the u.s. african-american culture is super important in the development of the broader u.s. culture as well . 
  it 's something that 's routinely ignored ( which i think is an absolute travesty ) . 
  and just to point out how it 's ignored : rock music has a lot of roots in country and blues . 
  blues , of course , is , traditionally , african-american . 
  and for a while , so was rock and roll . 
  no african-american culture means no blues in the u.s. means no rock music . 
  and where is america without rock ? 
  same with jazz . 
  same with hip-hop . 
  they 're all rooted in african-american culture , and they 're - more broadly - seen as important parts of american culture . 
  so , no , i would n't call america bits of european immigrants . 
  we 're more than that . 
  the treatment of your father was wrong . 
  your treatment is wrong . 
  that does n't make hating refugees right . 
  because , at the end of the day , i bet the guy who wanted to hurt your father had similar feelings to yours right now . 
  i do n't know what the other guy said , but the u.s. still takes in a lot of people ( legally or illegally ) from other , incredibly poor , nations . 
  we 're still doing pretty well . 
  so , really , i 'd say that the economic status of the u.s. is kind of irrelevant . 
  we 've always taken in a lot of immigrants , and we still do . 
  there 's plenty of push back , but that 's nothing new . 
  and , compared to the past , it 's outright mild . 
  i think we can make a good comparison between the u.s. and the immigration crisis we 've been experiencing due to incredible amounts of violence in south and central america . 
  in the past , the u.s. response to immigration can be summed up by saying one of the major aspects of the second kkk ( the first being after the civil war , the second being the one most people are familiar with ) was anti-immigration and anti-catholicism ( because many immigrants were catholic , be they irish , italian , or polish ) . 
  what an easy thing to say . 
  i suppose we should settle on a definition of what is homogeneous and what is diverse . 
  i 'd call europe diverse . 
  french , english , greek , and russian culture are all incredibly distinct . 
  i 'd say europe benefited from that diversity too . 
  the intellectual development of europe was not only english or german or italian . 
  it was also french , and austrian , and spanish , and greek . 
  you can point to a single intellectual history for europe , but you would also need to include the middle east , if that 's the case . 
  they 're both followers of abrahamic religions . 
  from rome to the ottoman empire , they 've had close ties in both trade and war . 
  islam preserved many ancient greek texts that we consider crucial today . 
  and they had copies in arabic . 
  plato and aristotle influenced islamic thinkers . 
  and syria , after all , was a part of the roman empire before gaul . 
  in other words , what we consider diverse , how we group together civilizations is an idea which can be changed . 
  diversity is in the eye of the beholder . 
  we can always point to some cultural difference or religious difference and say `` look , we 're incompatible ! '', 
  and , to be fair , that 's what america has done in the past . 
  we certainly did it with irish and italian immigrants . 
  they were catholics , beholden to the pope , not the republic . 
  they were totally incompatible , ya know ? 
  americans ^ tm were good protestants , free from papist influence . 
  in fact , that was a major selling point for the kkk in the early 20 ^ th century . 
  they were 100 % for pure americanism . 
  the catholics and non-white irish/italians were a threat to the anglo-saxon character of the u.s. oh , and the irish and italians were violent too . 
  one of the neighborhoods in manhattan ( the part of new york city everyone thinks of ) , hell 's kitchen , got its name from violent irish then italian activities there . 
  and many of the europeans we took in were poor . 
  they were from not-so-great areas of their own countries . 
  and we saw many of the problems that exist in europe now .
