  from [ pbs , a reasonable source for basic info  ( http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/features/general-article/flood-klan/ )  `` in its second incarnation , the klan moved beyond just targeting blacks , and broadened its message of hate to include catholics , jews and foreigners . 
  the klan promoted fundamentalism and devout patriotism along with advocating white supremacy . 
  they blasted bootleggers , motion pictures and espoused a return to `` clean '' living . 
  appealing to folks uncomfortable with the shifting nature of america from a rural agricultural society to an urban industrial nation , the klan attacked the elite , urbanites and intellectuals . '', 
  you can replace a few terms here and there . 
  change catholics and jews to `` muslims and foreigners . '', 
  the fundamentalism thing is fairly non-reddity , but the concept of a `` protestant nation/identity '' was pretty fundamental to the kkk , and a christian identity seems to be a fairly common trope among right-wing redditors/anti-immigration advocates . 
  mainly , though , people being uncomfortable with how society is changing , especially with regards to race , is what really stands out to me . 
  in other words , there are some similarities in the rhetoric of the kkk and the rhetoric of this subreddit . 
  it 's not a one-one match , but they 're close enough to be disconcerting , imo . 
  there are ways to raise concerns about immigration and refugees without being hateful . 
  the people here , well , they are n't doing it . 
  thankfully , there are people who 're aware that ethnic cleansing , even if you do n't like the people , is wrong . 
  / r/europe is n't representative of the rest of the continent . 
  there 's a lot of racism , but i 'd be shocked if a leader actually went for mass deportation , much less murder . 
  there 's a reason i try to speak out against the incredible amount of hate i see on this subreddit . 
  do people not understand how their mentality can lead to bloodshed and horror ? 
  hitler 's first thoughts on how to deal with jewish populations were n't `` let 's murder them all . '', 
  he had plans to deport mass amounts of them to israel ( blocked by the british government ) , zimbabwe ( iirc the war stopped that plan ) , and siberia ( he did n't quite get that far ) . 
  so mass murder became the plan . 
  and that dude is sitting at 21 upvotes . 
  i would n't worry about the u.s. 
  there are some hateful shits here , but the vitriol is not so bad that it 'd end in terror . 
  that 's how a mass deportation like the one that guy is suggesting will end . 
  that 's how ethnic cleansings always end . 
  give that guy power , and he 'll figure out it 's not possible to send the refugees and immigrants back . 
  but he 'll still feel the need to get rid of them . 
  blood is what comes next . 
  / r/europe just seems to be incredibly right-wing . 
  if donald trump stopped talking about latinos and started talking about muslims then this sub would be his biggest fan . 
  a lot of the comments on this subreddit could literally be out of a 1910 's kkk rally , just replace america with europe . 
  america has a long history of fear mongering then accepting immigrants . 
  what you said about muslims is something that could have easily been said about catholics - `` they 're dirty papists who 'll never be loyal to the republic !, 
  they 're only allegiance is to the pope ! '', 
  eventually , though , fears of the irish and italians calmed down . 
  it took a while , but that 's what happens when people blind themselves with hatred , anger , and/or fear of immigrant groups . 
  american-americans are a special case . 
  while anti-black racism was ubiquitous throughout america ( with president lincoln , the great emancipator , basically believing that everyone of african descent should forcibly be deported back to africa ) , the south ( where the majority of african-americans lived ) was especially dedicated to racism . 
  it was useful for the rich , white southerners because it gave them social control over the poor . 
  and the poor were really fucking poor , too . 
  they were basically on a level with slaves except in one important aspect : social standing . 
  in the south , being `` white , '' even if you were a broke subsistence farmer , meant you were one step above slaves . 
  not being on the lowest rung of the social latter was incredibly important to poor southerners . 
  even though they did not benefit from slavery in any way , poor southerners fought for the south and slavery ( and for anyone who doubts this , please go look at the succession documents of , say , south carolina which explicitly say defending slavery was the reason for leaving the union ) . 
  and the poor whites were some of the most brutal oppressors of african-americans after the civil war . 
  over time , those racist attitudes became entrenched , and we 're still dealing with it , but the issue with the south was n't african-americans . 
  it never was . 
  it was people who were invested in keeping racism alive as they benefited from it . 
  if there was a cultural issue , it came from white americans . 
  but then again , in the south , southern culture is intertwined with african-american culture . 
  famous country musicians were influenced by the blues , the blues and country made rock music . 
  but do n't forget jazz or hip-hop . 
  southern soul food is something both groups share in common . 
  now that i think about it , once we take out racial distinctions , there 's not much of a difference between `` black '' culture in the south and `` southern '' culture . 
  in other words , racism is the reason for large racial tensions , not multiculturalism . 
  if racism were not a part of the equation then southern culture would be a strange mix of european and african influence with a shared history of extreme poverty . 
  multiculturalism is responsible for one of america 's most unique - and colorful - cultures/regions . 
  the issue with latinos in america is , well , the same old american paranoia that 's always plagued our history . 
  by the end of my life ( within the next fifty years or so ) , people will see latinos as just another part of the america quilt , and they 'll be a non-issue . 
  oh , and patriotism has been used to justify anti-immigrant feelings quite a bit . 
  the kkk , in particular , has always been anti-catholic , saying that they 're for pure , 100 % `` americanism . '', 
  there 's not a single thing that broke the western roman empire . 
  there were a ton of things wrong with it . 
  anyone who points to a single reason the west fell is pushing an agenda , especially if that person is n't a historian . 
  rome is so easy to politicize because it seems vaguely familiar to our societies today ( it 's really not ) . 
  rome fell for a variety of reasons , some completely out of its control . 
  people should chill on the comparisons . 
  in america , the whole concept of `` whiteness '' was basically a way of eliminating class divisions , especially in the south , in order to help prevent southerners from seeing african-americans as a fellow oppressed group . 
  what is `` white '' has changed over the years . 
  it 's such a bullshit concept . 
  eastern europeans were n't considered white . 
  the irish were n't considered white . 
  the finnish were n't seen as white . 
  and now they are . 
  because the definition of `` white '' changes . 
  i suspect what is `` white '' has changed in europe too . 
  if i were a betting man , i 'd say that in a generation or two , syrians will be seen as white . 
  al-assad might legitimately have lighter skin than i do . 
  his eyes are certainly bluer than mine . 
  racism has always been self-serving . 
  social darwinism was used to excuse the millions of deaths under imperialism . 
  poor whites were given a higher social position than african-americans with racism , so that was their motivation for hating black communities , even if both groups were shit-broke poor and treated terribly by the incredibly tiny minority of rich , white plantation owners . 
  so , basically , you 're right . 
  racism is self-serving . 
  it allows sad-sacks to take the blame off of themselves and put it onto the `` other . '', 
  it 's a useful social tool when someone wants to distract from other issues . 
  `` white '' is a social distinction which can change . 
  it 's been a useful tool for the powerful and fools for different reasons , and it 's one that i wish we could move past because , as we 've seen time and time again , it only results in misery . 
  they 're fraternal twins . 
  one is not better than the other . 
  thanks !, 
  ahh , that makes sense . 
  thanks !, 
  in history , revising is common , but it 's not a bad thing . 
  it 's just how the discipline works . 
  but i 'm talking about , you know , historians who spend a stupid amount of time studying things then going back and reviewing documents , perhaps looking at things with a different perspective due to new research . 
  when your average person does history , especially when they try to combat the `` traditional narrative , '' it does n't always turn out so great . 
  in fact , it generally seems to turn out terribly which is how we end up with terrible myths and half-truths that everyone loves to spout . 
  i 'm guessing you know a bit more spanish than i do ( and there are spaniards in this thread who maybe be able to explain this to me as well ) , but why use the subjunctive ? 
  would n't it just be `` que se van y tomar por el culo '' ?
