  you said it yourself . 
  these people say `` i want to live like them , i want to live there . '', 
  most people do n't take those steps though . 
  ultimately , due to a variety of influences , they stay in their country . 
  the few who do apply , as you also pointed out , are wealthy . 
  but syria is a special situation . 
  millions have lost everything . 
  that 's why there 's a crisis . 
  i ca n't condemn the refugees for seeing the way we live - our peace , our stability , our wealth - and saying `` i want that too , '' because if i were in their situation i 'd be saying that too . 
  there are other reasons why people would want to flee to germany and sweden , such as large , pre-existing immigrant communities , but i tend to view economics as the main reason people are fleeing . 
  germany and sweden also have jobs . 
  in other words , it goes well beyond welfare . 
  and as for humanitarian issues ... 
  i do n't have an idea on how to make 3 ^ rd world countries better . 
  i do n't know how to help the afghan beggar . 
  i 'm not saying the west has to take every poor person in ( though i would support making it easier for the poor to immigrant - everyone deserves an opportunity ) . 
  europe is experiencing a refugee crisis right now , though , and that 's different than merely throwing open the gates . 
  i wish i better answers to the world 's problems , but i do n't . 
  we can help refugees , though . 
  however , i do n't think europe is doing a great job of it . 
  obran is n't handling the situation well . 
  he seems to have decided what he 's going to do ( which i think 's going to lead to disaster soon , but i 'm going to hope not ) , and he 's sticking with it . 
  if you think he 's right then i can see why you 'd like how he 's going about things . 
  but i disagree with him . 
  the refugee crisis is an international issue . 
  far too many european leaders ignored it for too long ( merkel , cameron ) and let the problem fester . 
  they deserve shit for that , but it 's the wrong time to point fingers at others . 
  european leaders need to work towards a better solution which will hold until the war can be ended . 
  eastern european leaders , to me , have been very uncooperative . 
  that 's not to say they do n't have legitimate concerns , but a better dialogue needs to be established so a real solution to the immediate problem can be established . 
  i can see why people in hungary , poland , finland , etc. 
  are concerned . 
  i do n't want to say that everything is okay . 
  it 's not . 
  but what 's going on is complex , and people need to work together . 
  i do n't think europe 's response has been good at all . 
  there are so many problems here . 
  merkel showed her inability to listen to the other side during the greek crisis too . 
  this whole thing 's a fucking mess . 
  / r/europe 's reaction , however , has been godawful and incredibly racist . 
  i get that my opinion is n't popular , but holy fuck it 's bad here . 
  i 'm not calling literally every hungarian a racist or anything even near that . 
  my comment was directed at this sub , not at a nation or even a leader . 
  i know this is long and rambley , but i hope i got my point across . 
  i think you have me misunderstood . 
  i 'm not saying throw open the gates and be the white savior to the world . 
  but i 'm saying we should do what we can . 
  europe needs to work together to a better solution to this crisis then work on ending the syrian civil war and isis . 
  that 's a fucking complicated thing though . 
  reddit is n't the best place to talk about this . 
   why would a subconscious bias be racist ? 
  i do n't view racism as a conscious thing . 
  it can be . 
  but as a result of centuries of imperialism and racist philosophers who 've heavily influenced how the west thinks , racism is sometimes just an unchallenged assumption that we accidentally have . 
  it 's not an intentionally malicious thing . 
  i 'm just as guilty of it too , though i work on it . 
  there can be different levels of entrenchment , ya know ? 
  it 's the same with sexism , classism , etc. 
  and they are , but i 'm still willing to bet he 'd take a lighter stance . 
  less `` we must defend europe ! '', 
  and more `` holy shit !, 
  calm the fuck down ! '', 
  i never said obran was a fascist . 
  and he 's a racist in the same way a lot of americans are racist . 
  it 's a sub-conscious bias against another group . 
  does anyone think he 'd be responding the way he is now if germans were trying to flee through hungary for some odd reason ? 
  i certainly do n't . 
   what a bizarre notion . 
  there have been many prominent critics of liberalism since fascism , and surely you do n't consider them all fascists , right ? 
  no , but i never said all critics of liberalism are fascists . 
  i have no idea where you got the idea that being critical of liberalism equals fascism . 
  it 'd be kinda odd for me , not being a fan of capitalism which is a major part of liberalism , to say all critics of liberalism are fascists . 
  you did , after all , ask me if it was possible to give a reactionary critique of liberalism without being a fan of hitler . 
  i more or less said no . 
  i never said all critiques of liberalism were fascist . 
   and supposing that orban is a fascist , what do you propose be done ? 
  if you really do think that he is , like mussolini and hitler , a threat to minorities and to world peace , what preemptive measures should be undertaken to prevent the atrocities of the second world war from reoccuring ? 
  i never said any of that . 
  i do n't think obran is a fascist . 
  an authoritarian , racist douche , perhaps , but that does n't make one a fascist . 
  anyway , that was a tangent . 
  i said this thread resembled mein kampf . 
  and i never said a preemptive war is the solution either . 
  i hate to bring up a fallacy here because they 're painfully overused on reddit , but you really did just create a strawman here . 
  i said that neo-reactionaries are like fascists then you presume that i think obran is a fascist and guess at what i think we should do is start a war . 
  you want me to create a response to positions i never took . 
  de maistre may not have been , but that 's because he lived before fascism came about . 
  neo-reactionaries and fascists are in the same camp . 
  if it walks like a duck , talks like a duck , looks like a duck , and spouts the same racist bullshit then it 's probably a duck . 
  it 's really odd to see how people will quickly accept anything that 's thrown their way if it agrees with them but decry `` propaganda ! '', 
  if it disagrees with their vision of the world . 
  like , my dudes , think more critically about what you 're reading and watching then see that , hey , the other side may have a point . 
  or that what you 're watching may be devoid of an important bit of context . 
  or perhaps have a bit of empathy because you may have a better time understanding what 's going on . 
  and keep in mind you 're on the internet . 
  watch your sources carefully . 
  this thread though is something special . 
  the talk about `` liberalism '' destroying the west is , and excuse my french here , pretty fucking fascist . 
  christ , this thread reads like mein kampf . 
  you 're talking to a group of people who think deporting all refugees is a valid solution to the immigration problem .
