  it 's fairly consistantly upvoted . 
  to them , hate is strength . 
  you could post a quote from hitler in this thread and it 'd get upvoted . 
  the enlightenment was full of various ideas . 
  the u.s. was heavily influenced by john locke ( an enlightenment philosopher ) , but rousseau did n't buy into locke 's private property argument . 
  the terror was influenced by the enlightenment as well . 
  any idea can be used , good or bad , to justify killing others . 
  and that 's not to say the enlightenment was a bad thing . 
  it 's defined most , if not all , of the world around me , and most of those things are good . 
  but i would n't call it literally the literal savior of the world . 
  different people have different definitions of freedom . 
  i 'd say for most of u.s. history , most people were n't free . 
  i 'm still not sure we 're `` free '' now , but that may be because i have a different definition of freedom than you do . 
  i would n't congratulate the u.s. on its humanist values either . 
  we did , after all , spend most of our history either killing or ethnically cleanse native americans . 
  and there was the whole slavery thing . 
  and how african-americans were treated after slavery . 
  and the other forms of racism and xenophobia which resulted in the chinese exclusion act and the imprisonment of japanese-american citizens during wwii . 
  granted , a lot of enlightenment philosophers were racist , so i 'm not really sure we can say america was n't following their advice . 
  locke , for example , was actually pretty chill with chattel slavery . 
  for most of human history , north africa and the middle east have been wealthy . 
  africa has been wealthy . 
  china was probably the wealthiest civilization around up until about 1850 when the great divergence happened . 
  that 's when western european ( especially british ) wealth took off . 
  even up until the 18th century , chinese and european peasants enjoyed around the same level of wealth . 
  i would say the mid-east is a hellhole now because of vicious wars , but it 's been a fairly decent place for most of human history , no better or worse than anywhere else . 
  europe 's extreme wealth is a modern development . 
  can you really condemn them ? 
  would you do any differently ? 
  if you lost everything - your home destroyed and your country too dangerous to live in - what would you do ? 
  i know what i 'd do : get to the richest country i could . 
  you can disagree with their methods , but i certainly ca n't blame them for wanting to go to rich countries . 
  it 's their best chance . 
  i do n't know about europe , but americans are often told to reach for every opportunity , no matter how small . 
  they 're doing the same . 
  if the army is authorized to use deadly force then a massacre is n't a matter of if but when . 
   what i meant here is that if we really want to save as many people as possible , immigration is n't the way to go and in the long term will only harm us , because those that immigrate are only the ones who have enough money to do so ( ignoring the fact that they usually take off from a camp inside a safe country , making them economic migrants ) , whilst those most in need stay behind . 
  if we really want to help them , we should intervene and aim to solve the crisis in syria asap ( people generally prefer to live close to where they were born , in their home country ) , or at least financially support camps in neighbouring countries - the same money that would rent you a flat in sweden can save five lives in a camp in turkey . 
  i do n't think anyone says that accepting refugees is the long term solution we should all agree on . 
  stopping the conflicts in the middle east is the only way to stop the terror of what 's going on there , thus the flow of refugees . 
  but , in the meantime , the best way to save lives is to get people out of a situation where things could go from bad to worse . 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  there are issues which go much deeper , ones that accepting refugees and immigrants wo n't fix . 
  for my part , i believe wealthy western nations - all of them , especially the u.s. - should be accepting more immigrants in order to more equitably spread around the burden . 
  international problems often require international solutions . 
  turkey has done a lot already . 
  i do n't remember the numbers off the top of my head , but they 've taken in a lot of people , as have a few other middle eastern nations . 
  the gulf states ( kuwait and saudi arabia come to mind , though i would n't blame anyone for not wanting to go there ) , excepting yemen which is currently undergoing a civil war/war with saudi arabia , should do more . 
  the u.s. and canada should do more . 
  dealing with the flow of refugees is a short-midterm solution . 
  it 's not going to solve anything , but it will help reduce the immediate pressure . 
  or , at least , that 's where my concerns would be , as a politician , right now . 
  the crisis is , finally , getting the attention it deserve , and hopefully western politicians will begin to try to find a solution to deeper issues after . 
  i do n't think we can prop up another western puppet government , though . 
  there needs to be an actual solution with the syrian people agree with . 
  it 's a stupidly complicated situation we 're looking at here . 
  i 'm just happy i 'm not syrian . 
  of some , much is given , and of others much is asked . 
  in syria , recently , much has been asked , and much more will be asked . 
   if the culture is backward ( in treatment of women , for example ) , why should n't we encourage its abandonment for our and their sake ? 
  i think you might be misunderstanding me a bit . 
  the `` goodness '' of a culture is irrelevant . 
  it 's not that we ca n't or should n't encourage gender equality or religious tolerance . 
  we can and should . 
  but we ca n't ask someone to abandon their culture . 
  that 's impossible . 
  our life experiences are filtered through our cultural perspective . 
  if you come to america , you 're not suddenly going to stop being a part of whatever country you 're from ( sorry , i know the general area of bohemia , but even with the help of the internet it appears to split up between germany , poland , and the czech republic ) . 
  you can call yourself america , and that 'd be 100 % valid , but your cultural education will still impact how you view the world . 
  same with me if i moved to germany . 
  i ca n't culturally change myself from an america . 
  it 's kinda too late . 
  i apologize if my statement was unclear before . 
  i just do not see how you could force someone to truly abandon their culture . 
  that all said , i believe people can change . 
  you wo n't get everyone , but a general outreach in a non-threatening way which says `` hey , welcome !, 
  come see what we have to offer '' is a good place to start if you actually want to help encourage positive values like equality . 
  you wo n't get everyone , but egalitarian values are n't exactly ubiquitous in the west . 
  show , do n't tell , how great these things are . 
  some will come around . 
   i agree fully with you here . 
  the problem with islam today , however , is that there are n't that many moderates ( they 're a minority ) . 
  most powerful muslims support some version of fundamentalism ( salafism , for example ) , and the european politicians are having them let their way with it to not upset them , instead of banning it altogether ( like nazism ) or regulating it ( creating a european values-friendly islamic curriculum , subsidising islamic moderates , and banning funding from foreign organisations ) . 
  i think there are plenty of moderates who do n't speak up , which is a problem . 
  and you 're kinda right on the salafism thing . 
  saudi arabia certainly supports it , and - for what it 's worth - they 're total bastards . 
  they 're a major cause of the religious issues we 're seeing today as well . 
  they 're a huge cause of fundamentalism today , and i hope their government reaps what they sow one day , hopefully in the form of a democratic , secular rebellion which succeeds and establishes a successful democracy . 
  i 'm not sure banning religious ideals is the right solution , though , but that might just be the american in me talking . 
  combating it would be the right solution , though . 
  i heard this from an npr news report sometime in the last year , but i believe germany has had success with outreach using moderate clerics as the messengers , usually though youth camps and activities aimed at muslims . 
   thx for the `` taught '' , i was typing fast so i did n't realize it . 
  english conjugation is fucked . 
   and as for racism - what the media and politicians are trying to push is that the biggest problem of europe is racism and that terrorism etc. 
  is n't happening because the treatment of the integration of this group is bad and so the tendency for this group to radicalise can materialise , but because we , racist europeans , are n't nice enough . 
  instead of explaining and putting forward a plan how we will prevent the mistakes from western europe , our minister of internal affairs is planning a campaign to `` stop the xenophobic resistance '' of his citizens . 
  yes , there are racists among us and always will be , but their voices will be louder and more legitimate the more the government will ignore the problem . 
  i believe racism is a massive problem because solutions often have to go both ways . 
  / r/europe talks a lot about how to make muslims integrate , but if they 're only being exposed to a hostile culture then why would they ? 
  the anti-immigrant protests and violence only makes things harder .
