  he was using it as a symbol of white supremacy . 
  yeah , invasion and literal genocide is equivalent to immigration . 
  you know absolutely nothing of north american history !, 
  we can all say that we had nothing to do with the sins of our fathers , but not many want to actually correct said sins . 
  it 's very easy to say that something wo n't happen because * political correctness * is getting in the way and not because it 's , ya know , not exactly viable or a good idea . 
  what is rational ? 
  the mormons were pretty hated , too . 
  america 's history is pretty , to put it nicely , checked when it comes to accepting non-wasps . 
  yeah , actually , that sounds about right . 
  bernie sanders is popular with my friend group , so i hear a lot of news about him , but those are the big news stories of the year . 
  imo , it 's the same attitude that rich americans who dislike welfare have towards the poor . 
  they see `` free '' and assume `` good , '' as if it 's a matter of choice and not necessity . 
  i do n't think it was an intentional thing because i try to believe that someone would n't do this . 
  beyond that , it seems too convoluted . 
  if more trucks full of people turn up like this then maybe . 
  but i would be incredibly shocked . 
  the history of the irish immigration is n't exactly my thing ( i 'm far more familiar with the south and all the racial conflict which comes along with the region ) , but i think you 're really underestimating how afraid people were of catholics . 
  the second kkk , the most familiar/popular one , was , in part , a response to irish and italian immigration . 
  the democratic party used to have a stranglehold on the `` solid '' south . 
  when an irish democrat ran in the mid-1920 's , the `` solid south '' broke apart , eventually creating a schism in the party which would lead to the two parties ( republicans and democrats ) switching their voter base , with republicans taking the conservative south and the previously conservative democrats taking the formerly republican north . 
  people were legitimately concerned about irish/italian immigration and `` papistry '' . 
  the irish and italians were portrayed as violent and were n't even considered white at the time . 
  what do you know , we gave it a few generations , and now we , collectively , ca n't get ourselves to shut up about our irish/italian heritage . 
  now that i think about it , there 's still trace amounts of anti-catholicism around today . 
  it 's really weird but completely divorced from racism at this point . 
  based on the news here , it seems like there 's been a streak of right-wing terrorism this week . 
  obviously this has been bubbling for a while now , but what has the response been in germany/what are the general feelings about the attacks ? 
  this is , no fucking joke , the same logic that southerners/the kkk would use before they went to lynch african-americans . 
  have you even met a non-white person ? 
  like , really ? 
  what the fuck . 
  it 's kind of a conspiracy theory in the sense that people who actually believe in cultural marxism believe that cultural marxists are in control or trying to control the media . 
  in other words , it 's bullshit . 
  it 's not their fault they 're violent . 
  they were forced into it . 
  they 're hateful because other people made them hateful . 
  racial abuse just means that the person was attack for her race.the journalist mentioned the woman 's race because it 's at the core of the story . 
  you do n't just say `` someone was abused on the train '' without asking `` why ? '', 
  his name was a pretty obvious give away because it 's a racist joke about how african-americans pronounce `` did n't do nothing '' that 's become popular with white supremacists . 
  he 's pure / pol / , so he wo n't do anything . 
  too much of a coward . 
  all he does is shitpost and whine about people he 's never met . 
  most of his posts are from a / r/coontown like sub . 
  he did n't imply he was afraid . 
  politically , if you have a strong opinion , then i 'm guessing you 're afraid of what the other side will do . 
  i 'm going off that assumption . 
  in argumentative writing , especially when it 's directed at a hostile audience , understanding the other side 's point requires , i think - at least , understanding what consequences a person/audience is afraid of then soothing those fears in a way that does n't undermine your own position . 
  in other words , relate yourself to the audience . 
  put yourself in their shoes . 
  and that 's what i did initially . 
  at the top , i wrote something like `` no offense man , but you seem afraid . '', 
  i was trying to say that i understood what he felt , but i later reread it . 
  it came across as `` you sound unreasonable/irrational '' to me , so i deleted it . 
  what you read was an editing error because that should have been removed . 
  to answer your question though ( what lead me to that assumption ) , i believe there are masses of people who are afraid of islam . 
  he repeated talking points i associate with that group . 
  there 's a lot of paranoia ( i use paranoia here because i do feel that it 's a mass , mindless , extreme fear ) surrounding islam in the west . 
  i think people view it as an `` other , '' a cultural threat , and they look to the negatives to justify that view . 
  now , with a refugee crisis and radical islam being such a potent force , people are especially afraid of the `` other '' that is islam , and muslims are coming into europe is never-before-seen numbers . 
  the guy i was talked to had fairly common concerns about islam , so i lumped him into the group of people who 're afraid of islam as his talking points matched those of the group i view as afraid . 
  it 's presumptuous - and that 's a big part of the reason i did n't intend to explicitly mention it - but it still informed how i wrote my response . 
  i 'm not going to deny there are problems , but i think there 's more shades of grey , too . 
   large groups of men that harass women on the street that ? 
  that 's totally a problem . 
  i have n't seen it first hand , so i 'm not going to deny it happens or say it 's rare , but i have a problem with it . 
  and i have a problem when white men do it too . 
  maybe it does n't happen in your country , but white men do it in america . 
  or maybe you and i are blind to it , but plenty of women complain about harassment on the street , and i 'm inclined to believe them . 
  in other words , what i 'm saying is there is an issue , but it 's a cross-cultural issue that stems from sexist societies . 
  good news , though , is that it can be worked on . 
   abrasive , arrogant , not bothering to learn anything or adapt in any ways to our local culture , both in daily life , with things like manners : people do n't yell in public where i 'm from , or gather in large , men-only groups to take up all the space on streets and on sidewalks you know , honestly , those seem like everyday things to me . 
  maybe it 's just because i 'm an american though . 
  it 's a difference in opinion , though , so what can i say ? 
   muslims protesting against sex ed in schools , having 8 children , protesting against free speech , against secularism , inviting immams to speak that openly advocate for violence against let me get this out of the way : the imams calling for violence are pieces of shit . 
  i do n't like them , but i do n't like any religious leader who calls for violence against minority groups . 
  but there are literally thousands of imams , and islam is going through a particularly rough time in its history . 
  i would n't attack the entire religion . 
  but i 'm presuming you live in a democracy . 
  to repeat myself : i 'm not going to disagree that the imams who call for violence are assholes - they are . 
  but there are imams who call for peace , tolerance , secularism , and , in a word , `` western values . '', 
  like , yeah , i disagree with those who are against sex ed , who protest free speech ( though what 's meant by free speech can vary radically , so this one 's a bit more questionable until definitions are hammered out by both sides ) , who protest against secularism , but , ultimately , it 's their right to do so . 
  there 's a part of me that wants to round up every racist shit bag , all the dylann roofs ( and by that i mean extreme racists ) of the world , and throw them into prisons . 
  there 's a massive part of me who feels that hate speech is n't legitimate speech . 
  those two feelings of mine can be seen as anti-free speech . 
  hell , you could make a good case against me there , too . 
  but , at the end of the day , it all comes down to `` what is your definition of speech . '', 
  and that 's what i 'm trying to say here . 
  let them protest . 
  i do n't think any left-wing parties are in a hurry to adopt any middle-eastern practices regarding women 's rights , and any right-wing parties that have similar policies are adopting them from christianity . 
   then they complain that people are racist against them , and they are discriminated against , when they are the ones who make 0 effort to learn local culture and spit all over the place they have moved to . 
  to them if the west does not change everything , convert to islam or admit islam should be superior to everything else , we are being racist and `` discriminating '' against them . 
  this is madness . 
  why ca n't both be true ? 
  are there muslims who are assholes , who call for the west to change its ways ? 
  totally . 
  absolutely . 
  america is literally in a proxy war with the islamic state who spouts that type of bullshit . 
  and are there muslims in western countries who want to join is ? 
  yeah . 
  they suck ass too .
