  back up to 1.44 from 1.4 at the height of leave lead . 
  it 's still a valid point , my statement in the comment you replied to is without nuance . 
   controlling the borders means you can check my passport to determine whether i have the right to cross or not , and on what grounds . 
  it means i do n't have the right to simply walk into your country without proper identification and/or other evidence of my right to enter . 
  controlling the borders is not a specific term and even the specific term , border control , in the context of the referendum debate has unanimously been used by both sides to refer to immigration policy . 
  as seen at the start of the comment chain , the topic is control of our borders not ` border control ' . 
  i 've only engaged in your semantics because i think you 're still wrong but as you wo n't be convinced and the point is an irrelevance i 'm not going to be drawn on it anymore . 
   you are distorting the meaning of `` border control '' the question we are talking about was about ` control of our borders ' so you can stop your semantics drivel . 
   border control is a purely technical matter of managing border access . 
  it means your country has the authority to identify , sort and process accordingly people and goods coming through . 
  it does not mean deciding who has the right of access , this is covered by separate and predetermined policies . 
  not according to wikipedia and the general consensus of anyone without a vested interest in your narrow definition . 
   border controls are measures taken by a country to monitor or regulate its borders . 
  border controls are put in place to control the movement of people , animals and goods into as well as out of a country . 
  specialized government agencies are usually created to perform border controls . 
   this is a misconception . 
  free movement of workers is not the same as free movement of people . 
  only people a ) with a job , b ) students , or c ) people who do n't have a job or are n't studying but who have sufficient means can relocate freely throughout the eu . 
  otherwise you can only enter as a tourist , but can be evicted again if you do n't find a job or do n't have another income ( like a pension . ), 
  agreed . 
  i should have been more explicit , though i do i think later in the comment chain elaborate . 
   what restrictions are there ? 
  i also elaborate on this further up the chain i believe . 
  again , you 're just playing semantics to distort the issue . 
  being in the eu means open borders with the eu . 
  which means we can not control our border with the eu because we are legally required not to . 
  therefore the only way in which we can control our borders is : a ) through eu reform , changing the legal obligation . 
  b ) through brexit , removing ourselves from the legal obligation . 
   and that 's relevant how ? 
  if you ca n't find recent examples then that rather puts your whole argument to rest . 
   if he would have been asked about another ethnic group , no matter the answer ( yes or no ) , it would still be xenophobic . 
  no , it would not . 
  you have not established that he would be concerned because of their nationality , so it is not xenophobic . 
  if you agree that you wo n't control something , are you controlling it . 
  it 's an interesting philosophical question i 'll give you but in this context you are just derailing from the point . 
   do you think he would have gotten suspended if he had n't made actual physical threats ? 
  1 ) that 's not relevant to your point , hypotheticals mean nothing . 
  2 ) yes , probably . 
   also , you can google it , it 's quite famous if you make a claim the burden of proof is on you . 
  i 'll note you have not answered the point but just changed the ~ ism . 
   mate i went to canada i still needed a passport but no visa because i am part of the commonwealth i could stay up to 2 weeks before i needed a visa . 
  you would need a work permit/visa if you wanted to get a job . 
   all the freedom of workers is doing is pretty much the same except you can stay as long as you are working/going for a job interview , student or if you are retiring you should be able to provide for yourself . 
  in the same way that a pebble is the same as the moon . 
   no passport no entry so i just listed 3 things that need to be met before entry . 
  please stop moving the goal posts . 
  you clearly set the discussion as legal channels . 
  you do n't need a job for entry . 
  that would be illegal . 
  so there is no legal channel required here for entry . 
  you do need a job to stay indefinitely but you can come to the country and find the job without having it before entry . 
  - the other thing you mention is showing of passport , this is not a legal channel . 
  people with eu passports can not be refused entry . 
   you 'll say `` yeah , but he got suspended '' ... well it would be worrying if he 'd make such threats and not get suspended right , so it does n't support your point , it was n't seen as normal , he was suspended . 
  can you find an example that supports your point , i 'd appreciate you linking the source aswell not just a bit of the text . 
  so first of all your only example is from 2014 . 
  now we look at the actual example and it 's farage being taken out of context . 
  he was asked if he would be concerned if a group of romanian men moved in next door . 
  he replied in the affirmative . 
  as no one has asked him if he would be concerned if another race of men moved in next door , or just if a group of men with undefined nationalities moved in next door , there is no grounds to call him racist . 
  it 's a bait question to manufacture faux outrage . 
  if there are plenty of examples then use those examples ? 
  and who has said that ? 
   even your link said there is still criteria to be met , so how do you imagine those are met ? 
  the only criteria is that you ar n't a threat to public safety . 
  this has nothing to do with legal channels , which is the point you raised . 
  do n't move the goal posts . 
   you still need a passport to come here and you are checked at the border the only difference is the line you enter . 
  eu citizens do not require a visa or work permit to come to the uk . 
  this is one of the cornerstone policies of the eu . 
  that you do not know this on the very day of an eu referendum is very troubling . 
   one would be europeans you show your passport say you are here to work and off you go . 
  they can still be refused . 
  no , eu citizens can not be refused entry . 
  that would be illegal . 
  unless it can be shown they are a threat to national security . 
   non europeans get all the checks . 
  what are you even talking about . 
  non-eu citizens require a visa and can be refused entry to the uk . 
  is that what you mean ? 
   free movement of works and controlling immigration are different things . 
  free movement of workers literally means you are not allowed to control immigration from the eu . 
   those who want to come here to work still need to go through legal channels urm ... no they do n't . 
  this is the ** whole ** principle of free movement of people . 
   work there without needing a work permit  enjoy equal treatment with nationals in access to employment , working conditions and all other social and tax advantages http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457 https://www.gov.uk/working-abroad/overview  and are then let in regardless of freedom of movement for workers as those kind of immigrants still need to meet certain criteria this sentence does n't even make sense . 
  source your claims ? 
  lying to your mum is pretty rude , m8 . 
   i had to literally go onto wikipedia and show her we control our borders -  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement_for_workers_in_the_european_union -  \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af edit : you can downvote all you want , the free movement of people is one of the cornerstones of the european union . 
   in germany the amount of people killed by rightwing terrorists since reunification is easily more than 10 times higher than that of people killed by leftwing terrorism and up to 70 times higher than that of people killed my islamic terrorism . 
  i 'm looking at the european union terrorism situation and trend report 2015 from europol . 
  whilst past figures are important , we are talking about current events and the future . 
  please also provide sources for your claims so we can keep things factual . 
   there may be more acts but they seem ( atleast in germany ) to be generally way less severe europol says there were 0 right wing terrorists acts in 2014 . 
  you ca n't get less severe . 
   to me it seems they want to relocated 350mn/wseek towards the nhs ... which would not work . 
  the key word here is seems . 
  it is implied not stated . 
  as i say ; the bus is misleading not incorrect . 
   i want to know where the heck you get 350mn in funds to redistribute towards the nhs after you left the eu # ** read the bus . 
  apply basic reading comprehension .
