  the solution has to be more people getting skilled jobs , and more people running their own business . 
  see i agree with you but i think you have missed a crucial step . 
  that there are possible alternative solutions does n't matter if you let the problem boil over before you reach them . 
  the uk needed some sort of concession on freedom of movement , even a temporary one , hell the eu could probably have got an agreement to shrink the rebate out of it aswell . 
  either way the attitude of , we wo n't even discuss it , is what i believe influenced many voters . 
  the problem is that though it is a net benefit , the cons are all concentrated on the working class and no one has done anything to alleviate their fears , they 've been chalked up as racists and xenophobes and ignored . 
  whilst i am angry at westminster over this , i am also angry at the eu and their refusal to even discuss the issue . 
  if camerons renegotiation had brought back one sign that the eu cared , remain would have had my vote . 
  i 'm a leave voter and i 'm fine with free movement of people . 
  i do n't think however that a uk government can survive that policy . 
  maybe in a few weeks they could sell it , when cooler heads reign . 
  coming back without our opt outs and rebates would be a pretty big win for the eu in pr terms . 
  not only do they get the proof that the eu is necessary , they also get huge further integration towards the end goal . 
   i think that the eu is actually better off without the uk , of course you do , your german . 
   but at least other nations in the eu will soon learn to be grateful for the benefits that are in for them . 
   but i guess uk makes a special case here , because you guys are one of the main reasons why the eu works the way it does , and have been inhibiting a lot of possible political change that is long due to happen . 
  over half of europe does n't share your federalist dreams , ex-comrade . 
  140/640 is 0.21 1/4 is 0.25 yes , i am for all intents and purposes right . 
  thanks . 
  ukip have 1 mp , it 's not even farage . 
  boris was acting against the government , though it is more likely he would be able to fufill campaign promises , he would have to win the conservative leadership to do so . 
   loooool dude you are so fucking salty my side won , your side lost . 
  who 's salty ? 
   at least you do n't have to deal with these damned brown people anymore ah , the white majority nation in a white majority union that discriminates against immigration from the non-white world accuses the other side of racism . 
  you do know that farage is not a member of the campaign that used the bus and made that statement ? 
  also cameron voted in . 
  this is not a destabilizing path . 
  he has assured the market that article 50 will not be activated tomorrow but in 3 months . 
  that gives everyone time to calm down and think . 
  europeans not understanding british politics and thinking the eu referendum was camerons choice . 
  that is the fault of the establishment for becoming so out of touch with the british public that they could not run a leave campaign . 
  anyhow it seems extremely likely with the pm 's resignation that we will see a brexit pm to handle the negotiations . 
   the important point is this : the eu would never let a state that broke off from a member state join . 
  i do n't think this is true , so long as it is not a unilateral independence . 
  as long as the referendum is westminster approved it should be fine . 
   now though , now that the uk is out , the eu is going to eat that up . 
  wo n't that just stick in the uk 's craw . 
  hey if you leave us your country will split up and the pieces will rejoin us . 
  it 's going to be beautiful , if scotland declares unilateral independence the eu wo n't deal with them . 
  spain at the least will veto any such notion . 
   and england and wales will deserve it . 
  if you support punitive measures do be aware that scotland is extremely vulnerable to punitive measures in return . 
  scottish nationalists ar n't really fans of the euro . 
  only 1/4 of the house of commons was for remain . 
  leave was not only able to draw from 1/4 of the hoc , it was also across multiple parties . 
  leave has no authority to make promises because they were never going to be the ones implementing a brexit . 
  a referendum is likely , the result is not set . 
  as i said , your tone is very clear . 
  you are a troll . 
  we 're done here . 
  the bremain vote was just a vote for scottish nationalism . 
   cool , then stay out and enjoy those trade tariffs !, 
  leave did not put forth a plan for after brexit . 
  there is no what if at all , there is not even a what . 
  thta 's not the norway argument . 
  if that 's all you can find i put to you that you are being purposefully obtuse . 
   there will be no deal then . 
  yes , i just said this . 
   enjoy your tariffs . 
  tariffs go both ways . 
   such favourable treatment you 're asking for would undermine the very idea of common market a bloc that can not adjust to meet crisis 's as they come is a bloc that will not survive . 
  see , this right here , the inability to accept reality is exactly the attitude in the eu and westminster that has lead us to this situation . 
  the uk will not accept free movement of people . 
  not having a flair makes it likely you ar n't a regular on this sub . 
  you are instantly abrasive and rude . 
  it 's a pretty logical conclusion . 
  immigration was a primary issue , yes . 
  it could have been diffused as little as 3 years ago . 
  the eu and westminster chose to ignore the issue and now here we are . 
   does n't change the fact that ` vote leave ' used access to the eea as an argument for why trade wo n't be affected that much in case of brexit . 
  you obviously missed every debate on the issue . 
   do you want to bet your hat on this ? 
  pretty sure we just went all in on this . 
   you 're a troll . 
   yes they did . 
  slide 11 from official leaflet-pdf from the vote leave campaign you can download on this page uses the argument : the leave campaign refused to provide a plan in the event of a brexit . 
  this was a main issue debated in the great debate . 
  feel free to watch . 
   there is only one such free trade zone that stretches from iceland all the way to the turkish and russian border , and that 's the european economic area . 
  =  membership to the eea comes with freedom of movement of goods , persons , services , and capital . 
  =  even if the uk only goes for efta ( european free trade association ) , that also implies freedom of movement for people , as is the case for switzerland . 
  the elephant in the room is that norway and switzerland are also schengen members . 
  i was being generous and assumed the uk could keep its schengen exemption , although this is n't the case for norway or switzerland . 
  let 's be very clear . 
  the uk will not accept the free movement of people . 
  the eu and westminster have spent decades ignoring the issue and have let it build up until it is impossible to diffuse . 
  if the uk ca n't get into efta or the eea without free movement , then it wo n't . 
  we just voted to leave the european union over this very issue . 
  you do n't have a flair so i 'm going to assume you 're a troll . 
   thing is that by saying `` we 're leaving '' you 've already given up every negotiation power you had . 
  this is patently false . 
   cool , then stay out and enjoy those trade tariffs !, 
  right . 
  then it wo n't happen . 
  we 've just left the european union over this very issue . 
  whilst another scottish referendum is likely it is in no way guaranteed that they will vote out . 
  it will very much depend on what happens in the coming weeks . 
   the brexit side always said they were going for a norway style deal no , they did not . 
   complete free movement of workers it 's extremely clear that this will not be accepted by the uk . 
  pound is climbing again .
