  that 's some sweet , sweet irony there . 
  well , uk , you 've set a low bar there man . 
  gee , you 're no fun are you . 
  migration is a big factor too . 
  i just burst out laughing so hard i spilled beer over my keyboard . 
  you owe me a new keyboard . 
  yeah you could say she 's quite the * bombshell * ... 
   he placed way below both of our finns last season goddamnit finland , always just a slight step above us . 
  thanks , china !, 
  sverige stronk reclaim baltic, 
  while i essentialy agree with you on your view , that strawman really was n't necessary bro . 
  budapest is a pretty cool city . 
  also , i wo n't have as much of a hassle going to ozora each year . 
  mentioning portugal is practically cheating right now . 
  barely any economic oppurtunities exist there , and has a birth rate that makes italy look like they 're experiencing a baby-boom . 
  i used to live in a high-minority neighbourhood in amsterdam for some time . 
  you can find a lot of small stores around that offer those western union transaction locations . 
  kinda saying something . 
  no you 're doing it all wrong, 
  absolutely . 
  if you exclude city states and small islands ( such as singapore , malta , jersey , etc. ), 
  it 's the 6th most densely populated country on earth . 
  ( taiwan , south korea , bangladesh , burundi and rwanda have a higher density ), 
  it 's zombie-ceausescu 's plot for retaking power . 
  only the choir of a thousand timisoara angels can undo the hellish powers that stalk the romanian lands . 
  thanks , me too . 
  from experience , i can attest that the mental healthcare system in the netherlands is so fucking horrible i 'm even surprised it still exists . 
  well gentlemen , it seems we 've got work to do . 
  the netherlands has a far higher population than finland , so i suggest we move half of our population there . 
  afterwards , we 'll do what we dutch do best : vote for a referendum . 
  the subject of the referendum will , of course , be about annexi -- i mean , * joining * the glorious kingdom of the netherlands . 
  never again will we be second place . 
  we 'll share first place from now on . 
  bulgar stronk !, 
  my thoughts exactly , hence my surprise the netherlands scores the highest . 
  i 'm actually kinda surprised by how the netherlands scores on this . 
  not saying our healthcare system is bad , by no means , but i 'd expected we 'd be trumped by scandinavia , austria , belgium , etc. 
  a trading outpost is not a colony chump . 
  and the japanese rulers were extremely vigilant of foreign influences . 
  `` united states has gained the casus belli independence ! '', 
  but what about maintenance ? 
  no , it 's not the nazis , but it 's quite relevant . 
  i see his point . 
  it 's the islam-hive mind . 
  once you 're jacked in , you 're a part of it . 
  i mean , sheesh , this is like common knowledge by now right ? 
  yeah , because that has worked out so well in the past . 
  [ glorious winged hussars ] ( https://deadliestblogpage.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/hussar13.jpg?w=640&amp;h=421 ), 
  i think the only way to solve this is by forcing a background-check on anyone coming in . 
  if they prove their id , they ca n't keep it a secret . 
  same here in the netherlands . 
  aaaa nuiiiiiii, 
  this is awesome . 
  franky , though i live at groni 's place , i never met him ... 
  i 'll remember this next time i meet a slovenian . 
  sure is bound to start a great conversation . 
  it 's a hamlet , i happened to have a girlfriend back in middle school that lived there . 
  i asked her parents why it was called as such , but apparently when the hamlet was formed instead of a loose connection of farms , a government official quoted `` i never thought anybody would live here '' . 
  makes sense , as almost 80 % of the province used to be a bogged down swamp before it was drained . 
  perhaps it was so that nobody in the right mind would live there . 
  or is it sex , bees and rum ? 
    people in this thread and maybe much of eu are so afraid of a turkish invasion . 
  turkey is a great country , with modern , hard-working people who have developed a booming economy in only the last decade . 
  yes they 're behind on some freedoms , but if we entice entry in return for reform , we can together become an even greater block of forward-thinking countries exactly . 
  though , it 's probably longer so than just ` the last decade ' . 
  i 've heard very different opinions and arguments here , mostly from turks themselves . 
  i kinda beg to differ . 
  `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend . '', 
  as long as the people and the government support secularity i would n't mind really . 
  well , maybe we should get off our high horse then and accept we 're not . 
  besides , even if we do allow them in , popular backlash amongst the resurgent nationalists will only grow . 
  that 's something i think we all can agree on is not going to make things any better . 
  how is this positive ? 
  sure , its silly to assume these talks have a chance at all these days , but its a sad end to something that could have been ... 
   germans  humor pick one . 
  with 140 % of the votes he did a few years back . 
  sure , there has been no tampering with elections ... 
  likewise , international monitors were kicked out of turkey when they were investigating possible voter fraud in turkey last elections . 
  i 'm certain erdogan 's administration changed some numbers here and there . 
  i 've been one of the few ( i think ) people that actually saw viability in turkey joining the eu a few years back . 
  nowadays i 'm surprised they had n't quit the talks yet earlier . 
  it 's a pity things have changed so drastically for the worse . 
  i hope things will change in the near future ... 
  looks more like uac 's headquarters from doom . 
  * `` hey !, 
  - united states - public transport pick one . 
  same here . 
  so i 'll just call myself a socialist . 
  makes it easier . 
  fortunately , the ` left ' in dutch politics is n't that silly . 
  not yet . 
  hopefully it never will . 
  it 's not a mockery . 
  it 's a means to shut down an argument by someone with an opposing view . 
  that 's why anyone that uses this term seriously can not be taken seriously at all . 
  this surely has got to be a joke ... 
   surely trump should pardon assange considering his leaking of clinton 's emails . 
  in my opinion , the us should pardon him , but not for that reason . 
  i 'm generally not someone who 's going for the tinfoil-hat approach , but ... 
  i 've never believed the sincerity of the accusation , and it 's definetly a great move to get him out in the open , something they 've been trying for years now .
