  and after stopping supplying gas we will stop delivering ... 
  uh ... yeah ... something !, 
  something ... 
  useful ... ^ other ^ than ^ gas ... 
  the yellow 's supposed to be desert or something ? 
  i swear , if russia 's act would just be a guy with a carton cut-out of putin 's face over his head and fart in the microphone , they 'd still end up in the top 3 . 
  d\u00f8n\u00e6ld tr\u00fbmp , is that you ? 
  dont worry , he 'll be mostly pacified unless you show him before & after pictures from the dresden bombings . 
  i dont understand though . 
  how would the israeli people accept such measures ? 
  surprising , as i noticed a lot of asian migrant workers , especially in the tel-aviv area . 
  if unemployment 's such a big deal , why would they stimulate migrant workers ? 
  there are a number of reasons , declining birthrates , returning to home countries ( especially russians ) and economic migration , but taking a look at [ romania 's demographic change in population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_romania#/media/file:romania_demography_1961-2010.svg ) is bizarre . 
  i 've looked up most vital statistics in europe for the heck of it ( was on an internship , not much to do , straining on wikipedia to kill time ) and did notice that total fertility rates are going up pretty much everywhere , but most are still either very low or the change is very little . 
  it 's not a bad thing per se that population 's declining , but the numbers are so staggering that if nothing will be done soon , this could turn out really ugly . 
  very likely . 
  still , the wire does give off some nasty sentiments , so i 'm not sure if this was a good idea . 
  i 'd honestly doubt that the limburgers would rather go to germany or belgium , really . 
  we also have a bunch of separtist-parties here in groningen . 
  they claim that the province can sustain itself and that it 's provided more revenue to the state than it takes . 
  they 're technically right , but gas is a finite resource , so that would n't be sustainable for long . 
  furthermore , they probably forgot that the state has often tried to ` bridge ' the gap between the wealthy west and the industrial south , but it never succeeded . 
  honestly , separtism is often just a ridiculous claim . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frisia#/media/file:frisians.png ), 
  independent limburg . . ? 
  sorry , i just ca n't take them seriously . 
  it does provide us with taxes . 
  however , the difference is is that the country is willing to negotiate on these taxes , and are thus very low . 
  because let 's be honest , otherwise there would be no incentive for the netherlands do so in the first place . 
  by giving tax incentives we attract foreign businesses to settle down and profit from lower corporate taxes . 
  and that 's the issue . 
  morally speaking , it 'd be the right thing if there were n't any tax havens at all , so that companies would have to adjust - not the other way around . 
  you should try translate , and compare it to what it was a few years ago . 
  their translation system 's getting better with time . 
  that 's no excuse . 
  well said . 
  chrome translated the page for me , i can read it pretty well . 
  yeah , but , amsterdam . 
  that place 's crazy anyway . 
  no idea how you scots deal with that , but i 'm pretty sure i 'd get in trouble here for wearing a mankini . 
  not that i 'd want to anyway . 
   just another is simpatizer yelling islamophobia when confronted . 
  it 's not about islamophobia , really . 
  the vast majority of kurds are sunni muslim . 
  the ypg / isis conflict is still an internal-islam conflict . 
  rather , cultural tensions spark up heavily : pressing a foreign issue at home ( the uk in this case ) will cause those from foreign cultures involved to see that as a reason to get angry with one another even more . 
  the situation with kurdish rebels is n't new , ever since the fall of the ottoman empire they 've been trying to form their own state - through peaceful political actions and armed rebellion as well . 
  you can imagine some people have been struck by this one way or another , making this quite the sensitive issue . 
  i can see the reason why they did n't allow him to speak . 
  i do n't agree with it , but i understand the reasoning . 
  i never really bothered myself with the royal family for any matter , but the rebel and anarchist in me really unleashed the moment when `` fuck de koning '' happened . 
  it really , really pissed me off to see that these bizarre and ancient rules are yet still here , and possibly enforced . 
  the thing is , actively threatening politicians ( or in this case , the royal family ) can be cause for concern . 
  after all , it 's not like any politican has ever been killed for voicing it 's opinion , right ? 
  but an insult ? 
  as much as i hate to admit it , stories like these are n't new : they 've been occuring for quite a long time . 
  it 's just that , right now , these incidents are simply reported in the media more often . 
   finally , it 's also a matter of solidarity . 
  syria took in hundreds of thousands of european refugees during wwii . 
  while under a french and british governorate . 
   saudia arabia and uae are neighbours of syria . 
  they 're not . 
  in fact , the distance from damascus to bucharest is shorter than the distance from damascus to abu dhabi . 
  not neighbours , but bear far more resemblance in culture , and that 's really not a good point to bring up the distance . 
  it 's a longer distance from nyc to los angeles than bordeaux to timbuktu . 
  furthermore , i 'll ask again . 
  why is it my obligation ? 
  i 'm not ignoring the arms trade , and i loathe the fact that it happens . 
  that is something i * can * do something about , and i should . 
  unfortunately , it 's not that easy . 
  but i 'd support a ban on any further deals . 
  and i know full well that a major reason for the instability in the region ( or pretty much half the continent even ) is due to the imperialist empires of european countries . 
  so you could say my great-grandfather and mother are to blame , possibly , but how is it my obligation to hold up that ` debt ' from lines that were drawn over a hundred years ago ? 
  i ca n't be held responsible for that . 
   `` these people should fix the problems in their own countries instead of coming here '' while i 'm not against taking in refugees , i really ca n't argue with this commonly used argument . 
  it 's not our problem . 
  it 's not our obligation either . 
  does n't mean we should n't do it of course , but i 'd rather be pragmatic about all this . 
  but stating  while telling me they now lived abroad because of higher wages and lower corruption . 
  is a bit silly because we have free movement of people in europe . 
  if you want to live abroad ( ~ ~ within schengen limits of course ~ ~ i stand corrected , sorry . 
  slow morning . 
  there 's still free movement though , but not within all areas as stipulated in schengen agreedments ) , you should be able to do so . 
  with exception of the most extreme cases , i 've never seen or heard of a well-educated doctor being underpaid . 
  if anything , far from it . 
  you 'd expect bernie would 've been popular with minorities . 
   and there will be plenty of skeletons . 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  oh sure , great idea . 
  lets nuke the lands we covet before occupying it !, 
  well , i am mostly surprised by the amount in albanian prisons . 
  i mean , albania is pretty tiny , that number is pretty intense if you ask me . 
  adjusted for inflation ? 
  as it 's a very unfortunate truth . 
  in part what made syria such a hotzone for dissent was extreme droughts in the prior years , drying up the farmlands - forcing ever more people to the cities . 
  unsurprisingly , civil dissent rose as a result . 
  it 's an often overlooked cause . 
  not the sole reason of course , but still relatively major . 
  the middle-east is suffering pretty much everywhere from increasingly arid conditions . 
  decreasing oil prices and soon , we 'll see a drastic change in oil consumption with alternative methods .
