are they ? 
  as far as i know the australian border guard is pretty hardcore and they are very strict when it comes down to legal migration and even downright abusive to illegal migrants . 
  hell , i 'm young , educated , come from a rich 1st world country and even i have to go through a shitload of hassle to simply get a permanent visa for australia . 
  makes me doubt australia actually welcomes refugees . 
  the group no longer exists currently . 
  it was dissolved not because of themselves , the group was brought to court and judged a terrorist organization . 
  to make matters even more hilarious , morocco wants belgium to extradite the group leader to be brought to court in morocco for his connection to international drug trade . 
  i 'm just going to rush to the defense of lonely planet here . 
  probably lp made this guide to a ` whole ' of scandinavia and talinn . 
  so to say , many people who travel scandinavia might be interested in visiting tallinn as well . 
  ( although it 's not really scandinavia , though it used to be swedish ) for example , i buy a lp guide to every country i visit , so i have quite a few lying around . 
  i 've got one for israel & the palestinian territories as well , but it also includes a guide for petra and its surroundings , even though petra is not located in israel . 
  this edition of lp is just the same : it 's a travel guide for scandinavia * and * tallinn as an extra . 
  if ttip were so misrepresented , why is it so secret ? 
  why do we lack sufficient information ? 
  of course it will receive backlash because many people have no idea what ttip actually is , and we have to dig as far as we can into it to get any bit of information . 
  and if you ask me , that sounds wrong , and i will not stand for anything that does so . 
  you are absolutely right , sure , but does that mean ttip will be in anyone 's advantage ? 
  as far as i know , this is n't completely true . 
  though there are very few parties that disregard ttip ( piratenpartij , pvdd ) altogether , none of them have thus far agreed to the ttip deal , and none of the ones i know of are n't in discussion , and at least claim that they ` will not budge our norms and values ' in favour of ttip . 
  are they spilling a load of bullshit ? 
  maybe they do n't . 
  time will tell . 
  most of the ira is more like a criminal syndicate these days though . 
  this is a great idea . 
  i expect/hope that they will do so with a referendum . 
  problem is however that countries who will do so and join in full might receive a huge political backlash from the no-voters . 
  many people , especially the older generations , wont like their national identity fading away . 
  ( even though i dare say that 's already happening far and wide through europe ) personally , i 'd love to see a fully unified union . 
  i 'm also pro-eu , which is somewhat a minority in the netherlands . 
  ( our economy 's doing fine for the most part , we 're also very dependent on other nations for our economic well-being and thus already have good trade relations . 
  what 's in it for us ? ), 
  dutchie here . 
  when i 'm abroad i am often surprised at how higher obesity rates are when i 'm abroad ( yet , i was certain that italy had the highest in europe , but it turns out they 're not that high at all surprisingly ) i can see why dutch people ( and germanic countries with the same climate ) score fairly low on these charts . 
  dutchmen have supper early . 
  6am ( 18.00 ) is generally considered the moment of the day to have dinner , which is early if you compare it to other countries , especially more southern ones . 
  it makes sense you consume less and burn more calories when having dinner early . 
  furthermore what goes for ` traditional ' food is generally low in fats and carbs , with little use of sauce . 
  lunch and breakfast are also generally considered ' a quick snack ' if little else . 
  also , the amount of alcohol consumed per capita is fairly low in comparison to the rest of europe . 
  ( [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ) ) also , it could be that due to the high number of cyclists there is far less use of public transport/cars when travelling somewhere . 
  it 's very uncommon for children in elementary school to get dropped off or picked up by car , for example . 
  if people live in a city , it 's often faster to travel the city by bicycle rather than car or public transport . 
  living in a city myself , the people i know that are around my age ( mid 20 's ) that are working-class , the amount of them who do n't have a car ( or even a driver 's license ) and no intention of getting one anytime soon is astoundingly low . 
  dude , moldova ? 
  definetly the poorest country in europe . 
  also has the lowest rate of obesity . 
  kinda makes sense . 
  the spirits of dead dutch and malaysian passengers are haunting russia 's weaponry . 
  no way that 's gon na happen , not now anyway . 
  it would trigger nato 's defensive pact , which would mean all of europe would be at war with russia . 
  does europe want to do that ? 
  does the european population want that ? 
  hell no . 
  is the european union 's army in fighting shape ? 
  since the end of the cold war , no , not at all . 
  once the shitstorm 's blown over , i would consider it likely that ukraine would be allowed to join nato . 
  now , to another question , would finland join nato ? 
  [ for the uninitiated ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afioblr1ndu ), 
  as soon as deaths become more a statistic than a tragedy , it 's severe in my book . 
  implying i have a garden . 
  that sounds expensive . 
  or you should just drink more beer . 
  i had some tomatoes from a farmer 's market in hungary once . 
  that moment i realized just how much dutch tomatoes suck . 
  the dutch way . 
  beer is way better to get your average calorie/carb intake . 
  no , it 's the purchasing power of consumers . 
  the prices of food have gone up and/or the average wage is lower . 
  do n't you mean frenchise ? 
  i 'll show myself out now . 
  in other news , mexico bills chipotle in 341,000,000 wraps for unpaid taxes . 
  figured . 
  reminds me of israeli 's imported workforce . 
  ( while a lot of the country suffers from unemployment ), 
  good !, 
  i 'm quite the tryhard . 
  last time i met up with a gal for a few drinks she thought it were innapropriate i already dropped by with a whip and a gag . 
  as for that , okay - that makes a lot more sense . 
  the way you put it earlier made it sound as if you 're trying to point it back and blame the ukrainians in general for it . 
  let 's not forget that one of the public ( not political ) parties that pushed this the hardest were a bunch of right-wingers . 
  an enemy of my enemy is my friend ? 
  your username checks out . 
  on a more serious note , that 's a pretty silly argument ( a fallacy , even ) you 're having right there . 
  if you want some consolence , the referendum is non-binding . 
  this means that it 's little more than a ` suggestion ' from the populace . 
  besides , it 's just netherlands - the rest of europe still has their own say . 
  on a side note , i am ** extremely ** dissapointed with the turnout rate . 
  for the love of god people , youre given the fucking opportunity to have your say and over half of the populace didnt even care . 
  rest assured the referendum will now be considered worthless by the way . 
  not to mention many people feel that it 's being done just to ` power-play ' against russia . 
  ukraine feels like little more than a pawn in a geopolitical game . 
  apparently not , i know for certain they sell it duty free - so it must n't be . 
  every ferry from/towards scandinavian countries are considered ` booze cruises ' due to the low price of drinks . 
  this is because there 's a crazy huge duty on alcohol in scandinavia , but due to the fact the boats operate in international waters , there 's no duty tax . 
  because of this there 's a lot of heavy drinking on these ferries . 
  i know that there 's quite a bit of drinking on uk to france/netherlands/belgium ferries and between morocco to gibraltar/spain , but i do n't think it 's as bad as the scandinavian ferries . 
  apart from that , there 's a lot of ` booze tourism ' in eastern europe due to the low cost of alcohol , ( and relatively low tax included ) though as far as i know , it 's fairly uncommon that 's the main reason people would travel there , rather an addition to already existing vacation plans . 
  pun intended ? 
  is it okay to give one another an appreciative nod intowards each other 's direction , or is that ` too much ' ?
