  my father works for the anp ( not ap ) . 
  it 's not that , it 's also what newspapers want to publish . 
  it 's not the organization , it 's what headline sells best . 
  in the end , it 's often thr consumer wants to read best . 
  all of it is a clusterfuck . 
  i recently had a discussion with my father about this . 
  he too believes ` true ' journalism is in too little demand . 
  i can guarantee you , it aint the anp . 
  it 's rather that journalism isnt taken as seriously as it should . 
  the fact newspapers are dying isnt making things better either . 
  it 's a shame that the paranoid hardliner stalin came to power after him . 
  lenin was n't a saint , but at least he was far more rational . 
  eh , even though the facts of the past dispute it actually functioning ( [ let 's not forget this was the best policy the soviets ever installed ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/new_economic_policy ) , communist theory still has a little place in my heart . 
  i like the [ tuvan version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slf7fl4sxh8 ) better . 
  i call my leader vodka too . 
  until it 's empty . 
  then i want a new leader . 
  it 's the same , just , not in the same way . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , is n't the real/new ira more or less a crime syndicate , hiding under the guise of pro-secession/independence ? 
  like many other politicians , that have been , are now , or will be , are able to safeguard their position due to fearmongering the populace . 
  not that they force people to vote , but rather coerce them that the population will have no other choice to safeguard their independence agaisnt a grossly exagerrated ` threat ' . 
  netanyahu in israel is an excellent example of that too . 
  i do n't understand it really . 
  why were they not given permission in the first place ? 
  are they so radical , or is the government so autocratic ? 
  that 's not a good comparison really . 
  i was thinking the same thing , but that would likely mean that finnish people living in urban areas still have plenty of weaponry , or anyone living in smaller communities have a gun-ownership rate of 90 to 100 , which is quite crazy . 
  honestly , i do n't think these statistics are right . 
  just a guess , since i ca n't know for certain , but i find these numbers staggering and highly unlikely . 
  punishing winters , monetary devaluation , krokodil , suicide-inducing depression and angry chechens would likely be able to kill someone with just a rubber ducky . 
  that kebab is n't going to remove itself !, 
  can anybody explain to me how some of these countries are so high ? 
  ( france , sweden , austria , germany , norway ) i 'd get that finland might have an above-average amount , but sweet jesus , 45 ? 
  apparently , the dutch marine and commando forces are some of the best in the world . 
  for a country with almost 17 million people , that 's a pretty good rep. 
  especially considering the dutch neutral idealism . 
  the only possible threat to the netherlands after ww2 were the russians ( soviet union ) during the cold war . 
  and even then , dutch-russian relationships were bizarrely good until the downing of the mh17 flight . 
  that said , the dutch were never out to win nor fight a war . 
  this is incredibly apparent when considering the dutch armed forces during ww2 , of which the best equipment , ships and vehicles were sent to the then dutch indies . 
  and after losing the colonies , the home army never really was up to shape with the exception of the peak of the cold war . 
  with no hostile threat to speak of , having an outstanding special forces corps is surprising for a country that mostly uses its neighbours as a sheltering military . 
  makes it all the more impressive . 
  our military might not be much , but we definitely look cool doing it . 
  far as i 've read on the subject , there have been many ira-like splinter groups still active , but it seems they 're more on the level of organized crime rather than ideological resistance movements . 
  how many african americans do not consider themselves culturally american ? 
  and then they will push for different nonsense instead . 
  not really happy with that either . 
  unless they 're going to kick out minorities ( which is even worse ) they 'll only ostracize them further from society . 
  i mean no offense , but look how well that turned out for you guys in the us . 
  all african-americans have lost their original heritage over the years and have fully ` americanized ' ( so to say ) , yet are still very segregated , same for the irish/italians until halfway the 20th century . 
  it 's getting better , i know , but it 's been a long time and i 'm afraid it 's going to take a while before that 's ever going to go away . 
  not that i am in favor of what 's happening mentioned in the article , but i fear that letting the right-wing parties have their way will fuck it up even further in the long run . 
  depends on how you interpret ` left wing ' . 
  social democrats have a very strong foothold in the country , though it 's far more right-leaning in economic policies than most other european countries . 
  on most media , no . 
  amongst the population ( facebook , twitter ) it does . 
  would like to add 2 things , which i believe are rather important : for starters : clickbait . 
  it 's not about censoring the opinions , rather censoring incitement . 
  there have been a number of ( small but serious ) riots in a number of places around the country . 
  they dont want another one to happen , so they want to quell the riot before it even starts . 
  that said , bet your ass this will only make things worse . 
  this will not work positively , it 'll only give more cause for the far-right to gain more ground and give 'em a free pass for `` see !, 
  they 're afraid because we 're right after all ! '', 
   neither do the children , who everyone seems to have forgotten are the people who this holiday is supposed to be about . 
  as long as he 's got candy and presents , they 're happy . 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  if you retain the colour and remove the stereotype , it 'd already be a lot better . 
  but truly , when anyone even tries the argument of `` just think of the kids !, 
  we cant just take this away from them !, 
  '' , do you * really * think that an 8 year old kid gives a damn about what colour zwarte piet is ? 
  the only thing they care about is the festivity , fun and the loads of candy they hand out . 
  at some point , germans flocked to the netherlands because the cost to study was lower here . 
  since recently , it 's almost the opposite . 
  there are a lot of social policies to ensure that even those who come from lower class families have the financial means . 
  the only people i know that have financial trouble with college/uni are often those from lower-middle/middle-class families that are on slightly harder financial times . 
  the state kind of sees it as a given rule that families will have financial means to support their children when they enter college/uni . 
  but when a family falls on harder times , even when they are considered middle-class and simply can not give adequate financial support ( or in some rarer cases , they simply dont want to ) , it becomes an issue . 
  i 've never met anyone who has had to quit studying due to a lack of financial resources ( with the exception of international students outside of the eu ) , but i know of a few who have a demanding part-time job on the side to support it and/or are collecting a huge debt due to using student loans . 
  i know i 'll get flak for this , but i actually kinda agree that it 's got racist sentiment tied to it . 
  after all , it 's an obvious caricature of [ blackface . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blackface ) personally , i 'm pretty okay with changing zwarte piet 's image to be honest . 
  that there have been protests against the use of zwarte piet during the public ceremonies , however , was absolutely ridiculous . 
  the un representative was also completely missing the point as well , in fact , i might even think she 's secretly retarded . 
  but i can definetly get behind the overall criticism against it . 
  i thought this whole ` political correctness ' thingy was an isolated incident to north-america . 
  i live in groningen myself , one of europe 's highest student-to-population ratio ( it may even be the highest ) . 
  we 've got a lot of runnings and events regarding things such as international solidarity and a surprisingly big lgbt movement . 
  regardlessly , i rarely ever hear the term ` political correctness ' being shouted about , and if anything , student fraternities are anything but politically correct . 
  i 'm kinda glad this has n't taken off here yet , or if it 'll ever be here . 
  guess typical dutch rude ` straight-to-the-point ' attitude might help out a bit . 
  regardlessly , the city and the people here are lovely for the most part . 
  not today ( yet ) . 
  im trying to find something useful you randstad-people would miss if we cut off all supply . 
  i cant seem to think of anything other than gas and stoic character thougn . 
  since when do drenthe and groningen not share a provincial border ? 
  jesus dude , that was quite a mess-up . 
  noord nederland of relevant !, 
  just wait till we stop drilling gas !, 
  you 'll see hoe much of relevant we are !,
