  many middle-eastern countries that have become wealthy * and * ( relatively ) stable off of the vast amounts of oil have already started investing in alternative methods for income , for soon they 'll desperately need it . 
  for example , a good friend of mine from s-a studied in my city as well on a saudi scholarship . 
  they 're generous , to say the least , in an effort to ensure s-a has a large and well educated workforce . 
  syria however , will never be able to do so , much like iraq . 
  i 'm rather realistic than pessimistic , it 's hard to deny the facts . 
  / u/themoly is absolutely right . 
  ill prepared conscripted kids , even ... 
  i had discussed the siege of grozny with a friend of mine , and he cited a brilliant documentary he watched about it - but he could n't recall the name of it . 
  anyone knows which he referred to by any chance ? 
  yeah , as if the people * on * the subreddit are all connected to the hive-mind making all the decisions . 
  totally . 
  besides , particular headlines and discussions cater to a particular side of the story more easily than not . 
  you 're bound to draw out reactions . 
  i cri everytim . 
  did you know that the name of the vivid metallic ground beetle comes from the vibrant metallic coloration of these beetles ? 
  these beetles prefer riparian habitats such as river banks and wetlandsof burkina faso . 
  look for them hiding under rocks or debris during the day . 
  they are fast runners and disappear quickly when disturbed . 
  when cornered or threatened they can generate a noxious odor . 
  also , did you know that the `` you are here '' arrow is called an `` ideolocator '' ? 
  lastly , the word `` dude '' is used 161 times in the popular movie the big lebowski . 
  still waiting for the greeks to announce they 'd like asia minor and constantinople back . 
  i do n't know man , sealed products tend to sell pretty well everywhere in the world . 
  waiting on the mayor of athens to respond with `` constantinope belongs to greece '' . 
   and i hope they are . 
  it 's a ridiculously overblown budget while it fits with the erdogan 's despotism , turkey has more than enough reason to have a stronger budget for it 's army . 
  their southeastern neighbours are caught in one of the bloodiest civil wars we 've seen in years , and russia is all too keen on power-play as much as they can and continually tests the turkish 's preparedness . 
   and anybody thinking greece stands alone against any kind of turkish aggression is simply delusional . 
  with nato , i 'm not that afraid . 
  although , lets be honest , it happened before ... 
  what about suriname ? 
  i live in one of the safest and most content cities in europe , and even i had an attempted robbery on me once . 
  ( they changed their minds and ran off , though he did have one of my friend 's wallets ) can really happen pretty much anywhere . 
  not yet . 
  it 's the only thing i support juncker in . 
  hey there mexico !, 
  cool to see you fellows over . 
  bit late to the party , but i hope someone takes the time to answer . 
  2 questions , actually : - i 've been planning on visiting the southern american continent in the near future . 
  ( still saving up , my last backpacking tour was pretty expensive ( middle-east , by the way ) ) considering stopping by central-america as well . 
  sightseeing is great , as long as it 's got something to offer worthwhile . 
  i 'm not one for the touristy stuff , and i certainly do n't require modern comforts . 
  ( though a flushing toilet 's nice for example , it 's the only thing that i missed on my previous adventures , but i did fine without it ) how much money will i be missing ? 
  - secondly , i 'd like to see the capital . 
  i heard mexico city is hailed as ( one of ) the most modern and technologically advanced cities in the world . 
  how does hold up ? 
  and what can a city like that offer ? 
  i 've probably got tons more in questions , but i really ca n't think of them all right now . 
  but these are the two i 've at least been able to write down ( for now ) . 
  i nodded , laughed , then nodded again . 
  it sounds horrible , yes , but at least the pronunciation is fair enough . 
  people understand that just fine . 
  lived it amsterdam for some time . 
  i 've had it happen once , yeah . 
  that it ends with `` how much will it cost ? '', 
  is the icing on the cake . 
  even in cases of rape or health issues ? 
  what the fuck poland ... 
  summon captain planet !, 
  nope , but . 
   europe is planning to forge ahead with plans for an eu army that some fear could eventually displace nato , with senior officials in brussels urging eu member states to capitalise on the `` political space '' left by britain 's decision to vote to leave . 
  but was it still practiced as well ? 
  sometimes it takes years before an ` old ' law is abolished , but not put in practice anymore . 
  blasphemy is such a case , it was only abolished in 2014 in the netherlands , but the last time someone was actually convicted for it was a long time ago . 
  ( i believe the 70 's , but i am not sure - tried to look it up with no succes ), 
  actually , you 've got a good point there , so i find that the downvotes you 're receiving are really unfair . 
  why they would disrupt heathrow however boggles me . 
  i 'm all for free speech , as long as it is used to conform my social values . 
  edit : / s, 
  if they had a good reason to be protesting , sure . 
  now they 're just blocking infrastructure for something that ( at least , most ) people ca n't be taken responsible for . 
  if i were to block the train tracks in my city for protesting the decline of bee populations , would it get my message across , or would people be really pissed of at me for doing it ? 
  really ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's like i 'm watching witcher 3 concept art . 
  there are more isis fighters coming from france than from egypt and lebanon combined . 
  let that sink in for a moment . 
  great idea , lets have some more ethnic violence !, 
  lovely !, 
  yeah , but at least the polish have a good reason for being pissed off at russia . 
  because , you know . 
  a lot of things . 
  found the edl member here . 
  yep . 
  google it up . 
  it 's not pleasant . 
  according to this map , russia must 've annexed finland . 
  cool !, 
  i live in a 200k + city , and i still think it 's rather small . 
  ( for a city ), 
  which was a mistake , in hindsight . 
  all swedes are naturally born with a sleeper cell password . 
  once someone figures it out , he 'll have an army of unwavering loyal swedes at his command . 
  legend speaks of the gustav heritage resurrecting once the time is right for full world domination . 
  sweden becomes great again . 
  and its country will not be shaped like a penis for once . 
  not well known to this situation , but apparently that goes for the vast majority of british with indian ancestry . 
  does that hold true ? 
  on a side note , sikhism is like the ` lawful good ' of fantasy rpg 's and pretty much everything about that religion and history is a fucking collection of badassery . 
  i like you and your way of thinking .
