  do not assume that i do not recognize the importance and impact of one 's birthplace one one 's life . 
  but this is not something you can hold me accountable for as it was not my decision for anybody to be born . 
  to mitigate such unfair ( dis ) advantages in my own country , i believe creating equal opportunities for all . 
  in line with creating policy based on ` being behind a veil that hides in what sort of situation you will be born into ' ( e.g. 
  child of rich parents or poor parents ) . 
  in line with this reasoning , i support the distribution of eu money from richer countries to poorer countries to a certain extend . 
  one must recognize that the nations that make up the eu are still nations . 
  the differences between the nations in terms of cultural/historic as well as social economic terms are just to great for a ` grand merger of nations ' into a federation of the eu . 
  being born in the ` right ' place is a thing of ` being lucky ' for the person that is born . 
  you can not control it and only fools believe that worldwide ( or even eu wide ) equality can be achieved . 
  there are too many factors in play that simply can not be controlled by man . 
  so when a greek is a greek and its government has over-leveraged its position on the international loans market , than it * is * fair to keep them accountable . 
  it is fair because now it is not their own money that they are using but it is mine and the money of other europeans that had no influence over greek governmental policies . 
  the difference between me and a greek person is that i am not part of greek society and that person is . 
  no matter how young this person is , if they are greek they are accountable . 
  perhaps you have a more jeffersonian view in that you feel that the current generation ( or the new generation in the case of greece ) should not be held accountable for the debts and crimes of our forfathers . 
  but this view is not in practice nor is is practical in a society as we know it . 
  i think it is disingenuous to say that you choose either a european/altruist position or one of nationalist bigotry . 
  this is a gross simplification of the choices that any political being has . 
  further more , when you say you can be an altruist , what you mean to say is that you can create monetary equality in the european union , simply meaning : you can be a communist . 
  or a nationalist bigot ( perhaps like a nazi ? ) . 
  i hope you understand that communism or socialism are the two most extreme parameters of a broad political spectrum . 
  having said everything above , let me clarify my own position once more . 
  first , i believe that the nations that make up the eu can not and never will be equal no matter what human interventions are implemented . 
  being born in a certain country or a certain town is something that is beyond anybody 's control and you can not hold anybody accountable for it except perhaps your own parents . 
  second , i believe that as a member of a society , you bear part responsibility for the actions and inactions of your own government . 
  even if you were not alive , i believe that you bear the responsibility over the debts and crimes of your forfathers as they have shaped the society that you were born in . 
  this may sound cruel and unjust , but without responsibility and accountability there is no governance and there is only anarchy . 
  third , i believe in equal opportunity for all ( as if you were to choose from behind the veil of birth ) , something that requires some wealth distribution . 
  this can be achieved nationally by taxation , exemption and governance finance of certain programs . 
  political debate would be concerned with what programs and what conditions need to apply in order to create these equal opportunities . 
  internationally , it means the redistribution of wealth on a moderate , international scale ( as has happened in the past with greece and the rest of the eu ) . 
  finally , considering all the points above , i believe that the greeks have made their beds and now have to lie in it . 
  as europeans we bear co-responsibility for letting the greeks jeopardize the rest of the eu like this . 
  this is why it is partly just that we help greece now . 
  however , greece being a sovereign nation , it is ultimately greece 's ( and all of greece 's citizens ' ) responsibility to bear the pain that is needed to become an economically healthy nation once again . 
  this position does not make me an altruist nor does it make me a nationalist bigot . 
  i hope the explanation above clarifies my earlier statement . 
  i wish the greek protests we hear about in the netherlands would demand this sort of change rather than rebelling against the budget cuts . 
  why do you call them slaves ? 
  i feel you lack the concept of sovereign debt and responsibilites that come with them . 
  greece has taken on many loans and it was expected to pay them back . 
  now many private entities have already `` forgiven '' 75 % ( i believe ) of their loans to greece . 
  some were even forced to do so by law . 
  so the greek people already have to pay less money back . 
  and the only reason why it 's not in the hole for the next 20-30 years is because the rest of the eu has been willing enough to put up guarantees for the greek loans . 
  and now you say the greek are to be pitied and that they are slaved to the rest of europe . 
  screw that . 
  my own country is making budget cuts that hurts everybody in the nation but we are still putting up guarantees for greece that amount to multitudes of those budget cuts . 
  what you are saying comes down to this : why should the greek people have to suffer and pay back all those loans ? 
  let the other countries pay for them . 
  this basically means that the greek people have enslaved me and my fellow countrymen ( as well as other europeans ) for their governmental policies/tax evasions and their life styles that were simply above their own means . 
  i implore you to rethink your position and you attitude . 
  he 's not dutch . 
  he 's from latvia . . 
  economically it might make sense to have a federal union of the eu . 
  however , lacking popular support and being notoriously bureaucratic as well as not being a very direct democracy , this is simply not feasible i 'm afraid . 
  you talk about altruism and make it sound like the eu is morally bankrupt . 
  in reality , you are saying that people from countries that have fewer problems should work and give their money to other countries ( such as greece ) for them to solve their problems . 
  with all due respect but that is absolutely ludricrous . 
  you should n't be so indignant . 
  thanks for your reply :-) i just saw that the latest antony bourdain episode is on lisbon . 
  really interesting stuff . 
  i might visit some time after all ;-), 
  oh sorry , i was n't implying lissabon does n't have sights . 
  i was asking what there was to see in lissabon because i never really heard people talk about it . 
  honest question :-), 
  haha , that 's cause you live here in the netherlands though . 
  there are loads of sights in and around amsterdam . 
  from the canals , to the red light district , to the anne frank house to the van gogh museum and much more . 
  also , the tourists i 've spoken to have always been enamored with the charm of the city . 
  i highly recommend people from abroad to take a bike ride through amsterdam to really experience what it is like . 
  what is there to see in lissabon really ? 
  i 'd recommend rome , florence , london , amsterdam, 
  vvd , cda ( or pvda ) , d'66 , gl is probably the best possible combination for the netherlands . 
  this is a load of rubbish . 
  the good times ? 
  this government was formed during a major financial crisis and they enacted a lot of policy . 
  besides this , the government * has * worked on policies with other parties ( besides the sgp ) . 
  if you do n't want to see that that 's your own fault but put your head in the sand and pretend that things did n't happen the way they happened . 
  the reason this government has fallen is because of the lack of governmental responsibility within the pvv . 
  wilders has done a good job in keeping his faction in line but since brinkman revolted , the rest of the pvv faction has become more unruly and as a result did n't provide wilders with a mandate anymore . 
  as a different dutch person , i also do not see southern countries as lazy . 
  however , financially i believe they have lacked discipline . 
  alternatively : everybody seems to go hiking during easter . 
  usually we have a nice breakfast too . 
  also : fires, 
  yeah i thought the same thing . 
  problem is that as far as i know poland is not going to ratify the treaty and the netherlands actually wanted to the ecj 's judgement about the treaty before considering to vote yes on it . 
  either way , again some very nasty tactics surround this treaty . 
  basically they have waited until people were out and about enjoying the weather , generally being unconcerned , before trying to push this through again . . 
  yeah i know , especially the scientific columns are absolutely dreadful . 
  but for some basic current events it 's a pretty good website . 
  generally i google whatever i find interesting , or i 'll come across some articles on a myriad of foreign websites with some more information . 
  well shit , i can understand that they want to protect whoever sat at that table on germany 's behalf , but this is some kafkian nonsense . 
  the people should be able to hold their government accountable for its actions and should be able to know what their government is up to . 
  [ nu.nl ] ( http://www.nu.nl/ ) , just like most dutch people i believe . 
  that 's why there is no democracy within the pvv . 
  wilders is not an idiot but he knows he 's surrounded by them though . 
  he 's done well to recruit people who more or less act like his puppets .
