yeah , as a dutch person who has lived in the netherlands almost all my life , i have n't met anyone who actually thought this . 
  ca n't say some people do n't think like this but i think it 's a minority opinion . 
  on topic : most dutch people who are actually familiar with our former colonies think corruption and bribery is out of control there ( it actually is ) . 
  people do n't like the attitude some of the former colonies have towards the netherlands ( i.e. 
  keep taking money and then blaming the netherlands for their sorrows when they 've had control for a long time ) . 
  especially suriname is a sensitive topic ( with bouterse and all ) . 
  cool , it 's always interestibg tohear an outside perspective . 
  it 's hard to really appreciate charactaristics of a language you speak . 
  why do you dislike dutch the most when you love german ? 
  they are quite related, 
  but it did n't come into full european force until this month ? 
  we had the same , switched a couple of years ago but there are still many people with the old paper licenses . 
  we 've had a pink credit card model for a couple of years now though , i do n't understand why they did n't use that in the commercial . 
  stuff is more expensive here . 
  lot 's of extra taxes too ( like extra tax on gas ) . 
  what sucks to me , is the fact that us dutch pay the most per capita to the eu just based on our gdp . 
  we have way too many old people here, 
  to add to this article : i saw a big news item on this here a week or two back . 
  they were discussing the dangers of this resistant tb and how it 's supposed to be treated . 
  apparently , drugs manufacturers do n't want to invest money into developing new anti-biotics because their return on investment would n't be high enough . 
  now there 's a big problem , cause the government also does n't want to pay for it and wants to take measures to drugs companies would have to develop new drugs . 
  the question at the end of the show was : how many people will have to die before the government will step in and start investing in new anti-biotics itself . 
  to be honest , i was kind of amazed that this type of impasse is allowed to exist in the first place . 
  i just like to add that they 're developing heated bike lanes now here in the netherlands . 
  they want to store warmth from the summer and release it during the winter to bike lanes will no longer be slippery from all the snow and ice . 
  it 's pretty amazing and i ca n't wait ( like everybody here : i 've wiped out more than once during winter times ) . 
   head of marketing for interim technologies for exxonmobil chemicals , europe so this man was not the ceo or executive officer of exxonmobil 's parent holding . 
  i think what happened is disgraceful . 
  you do not expect these sort of things in a country such as belgium , but unfortunately , organized crime is rife throughout europe . 
  i hope the belgium police will be able to find out who did it and why they did it soon . 
  i 'm intrigued by the situation in spain . 
  is there a lot of hate toward the military because so many immigrants have enlisted ? 
  is it because the military is expensive ? 
  or does it have to do with spain 's history with franco ? 
  i always thought the military would be quite well respected in spain , especially because of the eta strikes . 
  i agree completely . 
  also the pledge of allegiance and patriotism that goes absolutely unquestioned is unsettling to me . 
  it 's a type of group mentality that can really shut out people who are critical about the country 's actions . 
  i 'm not saying people should n't be proud of their country , i 'm saying it should n't become some sort of ritual/group think . 
  the situation in the netherlands ( concerning the military ) . 
  i think most people respect the military but the department of defense has been hit hard with repeated budget cuts . 
  it looks like we might not even have a military force in the future if the cuts keep coming . 
  overall , the military is far less visible/important here than in the u.s. 
  that 's cause of u.s. political interests in foreign countries though and that is one of the things people dislike tremendously about the u.s. 
  sometimes you guys are called `` world police '' because you always interfere and intervene ( also with the military ) in other countries . 
  there is no denying the influence and the size of the u.s. ( politically , historically , economically , etc. 
  ) , but there is also no denying that the u.s. is * just * another country . 
  you may have a very * different * history than other countries have , but you are still a country - with a lot of flaws - nontheless . 
  the notion of american exceptionalism is regarded by europeans as an outlandish idea that possibly stems from too much patriotism ( something that europeans may view as nationalistic even - a concept that has always been regarded in a negative light since ww2 by most ) . 
  you may personally disagree with the idea of american exceptionalism , but the idea is still very much alive in your political system as well as throughout your culture . 
  it 's hard to get a job ( even with excellent qualifications and extra-curricular activities ) . 
  trying to mitigate the increased competition ( sometimes 900 people for one job opening ) by developing myself further and getting some certificates . 
  interesting stuff !, 
  well , saint nicholas arrives in the netherlands in the middle of november ( the first saturday after saint martin 's day on the 11th of november ) . 
  locally it tends to differ since saint nicholas ca n't be in two places at the same time right ? 
  :p [ wikipedia actually has a pretty good page on saint nicholas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinterklaas ), 
  when is he done ? 
  you mean like when are the dutch people going to retire zwarte pieten as saint nicholas ' helpers ? 
  i do n't think it 's going to happen any time soon . 
  it 's interesting comparing the dutch perspective to a foreign perspective on this issue . 
  i do n't think i 've ever met a dutch person who has had racial feelings with the zwarte piet thing even though its origins are clearly in slavery . 
  the role of zwarte piet has evolved for dutch people . 
  from the outside looking in though . . 
  i can understand how foreigeners may get the idea that the dutch are horribly racist when they see zwarte piet and saint nicholas . 
  saint nicholas on the 5th of december is a pretty huge deal here in the netherlands . 
  probably more important than christmas for a lot of people ( especially with kids ) , but everybody also celebrates christmas too . 
  cheers , that gives me some insight into what these results may mean for the country and the european situation . 
  i am completely unfamiliar with the parties in greece . 
  what do these results mean ? 
  yes , i was mistaken . 
  the dutch tourist information board says the following ( and i have translated this quote ) : `` fluorescent shirts are not mandatory for cars from other countries . 
  to avoid discussion with the local police , however , ( and for your safety ) we advise you to abide to local rules . 
  so it 's not mandatory for foreigners but it is for portuguese . 
  i 've got some more for you : no radar detecting stuff in your car . 
  if you have any , you risk a fine of 1500 euros . 
  calling needs to be hands free ( but that 's the case in most of europe i think ) i looked the fluorescent part up again and it seems that passengers need them as well in france . 
  alcoholtest can be purchased at drugsstores , gas stations and at some bars/restaurants ( but definitely not all ) . 
  edit : [ here is a british resource , it says that fluorescent shirts are compulsary for driver and one passenger . . 
  it als says that most rental companies do not supply these mandatory items . 
  ] ( http://www.theaa.com/motoring_advice/overseas/general_advice.html ), 
  11 euros is n't too bad , i would definitely buy the chemical ones ( cause you 're not going to be stopped 75 times right ^_^ still , it is important for people to be aware that there * are * different rules in different countries . 
  preparation is paramount . 
  hang on , there are loads of different rules when driving a vehicle in europe . 
  for example , you need to have a fluoresent shirt in france , spain and germany ( that i can remember of the top of my head right now ) . 
  in portugal , you need to have them for every person in the car ( in case of a car break down ) but it is not mandatory in many other countries . 
  in france you need to carry a mobile alcohol test , if you do n't have this you can expect big fines . 
  also , if you wear glasses you are supposed to carry a spare pair in germany . 
  this is not a requirement elsewhere . 
  and the list goes on . 
  it is important to investigate the rules that apply to the different countries !, 
  having eurobonds would destroy the last pro-europe goodwill that exists among the north european nations . . 
  i thought it was dead in the water anyway because the dutch parlement will not ratify it in any case . 
  either way , it 's good to see that the industry 's committee recommend a rejection of the treaty . 
  perhaps now they can work on a new treaty in a more transparent and publically accessible manner as well as exclude the internet from these treaties ( perhaps it 's better to draft seperate treaties when dealing with the internet ) . 
  well i see where we disagree . 
  i believe quite strongly that if you are part of a ( democratic ) society . 
  you bear a part of the responsibility for that society . 
  after all , if no citizen is held accountable for what their government decides , than what is that government exactly ? 
  an empty shell , an entity that ( in a regular free market ) would not be able to borrow money from anyone . 
  no civil responsibility means no government .
