  green wine indeed . 
  it is a regional type of wine in portugal . 
  it 's not actually green . 
  why are you a thing ? 
  putas means prostitutes as well , putos means kids . 
  since it is not a holiday here in switzerland , i 'll be taking my colleagues for a glass of wine and teach them to cheer to `` putas e vinho verde '' !, 
  that 's definitely not true . 
  saw some at like 6chf at coop last weekend . 
  i see that shitty backpack everywhere here in switzerland . 
  in my experience , italians are louder . 
  well , i watched that video and understood everything so i think it 's fair !, 
  i 've seen a lot of you using socks with sandals . 
  the swiss thing i like the most is the ap\u00e9ro . 
  oh shit , burn . 
  that 's correct . 
  that 's actually not bad . 
  christian bale , the most perfect man in the world . 
  thank you , brits . 
  switzerland : 3 million francs . 
  i would 've made my fist bow on his face . 
  you double triggered me . 
  so i 'm about 1.63 m , that 's like short but average for a portuguese girl . 
  went on a date with a dutch guy . 
  he tells me that when he was in portugal he `` could see the top of everyone 's head '' . 
  dude was literally , __ literally __ , like 5cm taller than me . 
  what . 
  the . 
  _ triggered _, 
  i laughed so much with this thread , thank you guys . 
   no one likes us , we do n't care . 
  it is, 
   the woman in portugal are ugly but i assure you that for what i 've seen in albor thats not true . 
  at all . 
  can confirm , i 'm sexy as fuck . 
  amazing shit , incredibly fun . 
  so do we . 
  the lusitanians were celtiberians, 
  [ probably more impressed by this one ] ( http://www.ngw.nl/heraldrywiki/images/3/30/evora.gif ), 
  feel neutral . 
  someone please explain to me like i 'm a moron what russia and the usa gain with far-right governments in europe . 
  please stop , usa . 
  just stop . 
  there have n't been jews in portugal since the 15th century . 
  we converted or killed them all before it was cool . 
  but why ? 
  i love this name because that 's where the name of one my favorite genes comes from . 
  okay ? 
  i will hunt you down, 
  speak english . 
  views like that are dangerous , as one can see from the current situation . 
  do n't act like i insulted him . 
  cala-te , esteves . 
  interfere with quorum and then literally carry/drag the senators into the room . 
  all i know about us politics i learned through house of cards . 
  edgy . 
  unfortunately those would also be my predictions . 
  chill i 'm joking . 
  i never said officially \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 -, 
  it 's 100km from the border , the issue is dumping your shit on the tejo which flows to us, 
   what are we doing to you ? 
  is it about that nuclear thingy in the border ? 
  they do n't have a say anymore . 
  seriously , why are all germans so freaking dirty . 
  not that i do n't like it , just curious . 
  what are you talking about , there 's no beating that . 
  nothing of value in your face !, 
  portugal too, 
  i do n't know how to respond to this, 
  milton keynes is probably the most random place i 've ever been to . 
  oh wow , i 'm actually sad . 
  he 's not , they _ are _ deeply racist/xenophobic . 
  let 's all be friends . 
  i 'm only 26 and my grandparents taught me it was baby jesus that brought gifts . 
  then globalization happened . 
  i 'll send you our men if you send yours , thanks, 
  you sound terribly defensive if it 's just a joke . 
  need a hug ? 
  damn right bitch, 
  okay , everybody can breathe now until april 2017 . 
  there is a causal link between being in academia and wanting to die . 
  to be honest , i am in stem research and i just wan na die, 
  also of stem cells, 
  caloric restriction has indeed been shown to increase longevity . 
  i always take a doggie bag , idgaf, 
  speak for yourself . 
   [ unified european army intensifies ] it is already intensifying !, 
  #what the fuck, 
  beer and/or wine snobbery is pretty up there too, 
  portuguese cuisine is mediterranean . 
  it 's true . 
  what the fuck ? 
  the swiss are shit at coffee . 
  i know , i live in switzerland . 
  we have the best espresso . 
  i hate peas and i hate lamb . 
  phew . 
  i am . 
  i 'll dom your ass to the ground . 
  maybe you should stop being so bitter and arrogant . 
  is he seriously mentally retarded ?
