  you make our day , make sure to vote in cameron 's referendum for 2017 or 2016 , or whenever the fuck . 
  excuse the language , but you basically personify the stereotype of the british entitled fool that reigns in the rest of europe nowadays . 
  `` sure , give us all the benefits , we 'll take everything , but do n't expect us to contribute to anything at all ! '' . 
  the blame is on the pricks who let you in on these stupid conditions . 
  edit : my mistake , you do contribute to spreading chaos in the middle east without dealing with the consequences . 
  i would n't classify it as pride , because i can only feel pride for something i made happen or contributed to . 
  i like knowing about my country 's history , i would like to contribute to it some time . 
  but not exactly pride . 
  honestly , i can not believe these guys right now . 
   and if we decide to stay , not join the euro and not accept any quotas on asylum seekers you can shut up and like it . 
  that is not how it works . 
  the sense of entitlement with this one is through the roof . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  well said . 
  yeah , cape verde and s\u00e3o tom\u00e9 were uninhabited islands like madeira and azores . 
  do n't really understand either . 
  why are you proud of something you had absolutely no influence on ? 
   i 'd say the great majority of kids come out of school with a national history that resembles a ton of estado novo propaganda . 
  you 're fucked up if you think this . 
  when teaching kids about the colonies and the decolonization process , they only teach them how horrible we were , how many horrible things we did , how oppressed those people were , and all that bullshit . 
  they never mention the utter violence against portuguese people during those times , when entire portuguese families were set fire to inside their homes , when portuguese people were decapitated in the streets for being portuguese , when all those people living there had to leave all their possessions behind , unjustly seized by the `` government '' . 
  those things , those things are never mentioned . 
  because we were the bad guys . 
  now that 's propaganda . 
  spanish movie los cronocrimenes . 
  genius . 
  do n't worry , fellow compatriot , i will be back by christmas to save everyone . 
  if they are here , they probably understand english . 
  i mean , at least answer in english first . 
  it 's just annoying and a bit arrogant . 
  can i get my phd right now if i marry into your royal family instead of wasting 4 years of my life ? 
  please provide contacts for all your unmarried princes . 
  thanks . 
  we are indeed always late and do n't respect times . 
  and people working for 1 euro/hour ? 
  i left . 
  that guy was crazy and he hated his own country . 
  just saying . 
  and you 'll never catch me alive !, 
   these were common in poland a few years ago but i guess our celebrities learned the hard way that you should keep your family in good financial state because otherwise your image can hurt . 
  thing is if they have this it 's guaranteed they will be in the magazines , no publicity is bad publicity . 
  given that our `` celebrities '' many times call photographers and reporters to say where and when they will be so they can take pictures ... 
  tabloids are not popular , are you kidding me ? 
  correio da manh\u00e3 , and all the magazines such as tv guia , maria , ana , or whatever ... tabloid magazines are basically about `` celebrities '' with scandalous stories , the favorite seems to be `` this guy is rich but his mom/dad is living in the streets !! '', 
  or variations . 
  tabloid newspapers love murder stories . 
  i would say tvi does n't have a political stance more than `` we 're always against the government , no matter who 's there '' . 
  old people like sex , nudity , violence , and rage on prime time . 
  yeah that depends on the university . 
  i always had to pay in 4 times . 
  french sounds stupid . 
  italian sounds amazing . 
  spanish sounds like less serious portuguese with a lisp . 
  german and dutch sound like dirty sex . 
  bitch come at me . 
  [ the beginning of the empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conquest_of_ceuta ), 
  come at me . 
  it was me and i 'm a she . 
  i 'm heading back to switzerland tomorrow , though . 
  i seem to recall that when portugal was founded as a country , spain did n't exist . 
  but was it worth it ? 
  i 'm sorry okay women also have needs . 
  really funny . 
  we 're not because we integrate into society smoothly . 
  what cost 50 escudos now costs 50 cents , which is 100 escudos . 
  okay , snailface . 
  we basically kicked everyone 's asses how do we not rule the world ? 
  or spain . 
  no , we 're supposed to be eternal allies . 
  / treaty of windsor honour thy alliances, 
   fuck off pizzaface +1, 
  thank you , i was not aware of this . 
  / s if it was a truly democratic system , the people you elect would be the ones making the decisions ( i.e. 
  the council and the commission ) , but they 're not . 
  if it was a truly democratic system , they would ask the people before making big decisions , like they do in switzerland for example , but they do n't . 
  i no read . 
  ^ little ^ old ^ ladies ^ in ^ the ^ bus, 
  no beer , no fucking . 
  i 'll keep that in mind when around germans . 
  :( ^ high ^ five ^ both ? 
  that 's exactly it . 
  we vote for the parliament , but it does n't hold much power . 
  have you ever been asked whether you agree with any of the things they do in brussels that will affect your life directly ? 
  and though we vote for the members of the parliament , we have zero influence on who is and what happens in the other , more influential , organs of power in the eu . 
  that 's not very democratic . 
  a few months ago i witnessed an exercise ( not sure who exactly was involved ) in a biological attack scenario . 
  scary . 
  when the eu collapses , i 'll be living inside my mandatoy-by-law nuclear bunker at my house in switzerland . 
  this really pisses me off . 
  i 'll be staying in milton keynes in september . 
  will report back on its existence . 
  it still counts, 
  i ca n't even tan . 
  i just burn . 
  seconded . 
  what ? 
  pls let me stay pls, 
  [ the country of portal ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6gukbvg.jpg ), 
  well said . 
  you 're right , that was pretty damn cool .
