  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1wopnqh.jpg ) we also have islands , if you prefer . 
  also safe . 
  it would if there was n't a franchise/deductible which is of 2500chf because i ca n't afford to pay a fortune every month to have a lower deductible . 
  i have a 500 chf bill for a 10 minute er consultation , * i * am getting tired of switzerland 's shit . 
  welp . 
  i can contribute to the decrease of my or another european country 's median age . 
  i am only lacking a male counterpart . 
  [ this picture describes switzerland perfectly . 
  ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03543/swiss_bunker_cows__3543732k.jpg ), 
  in which basement of a town are you living in ? 
  they 're quite ugly but extremely , extremely useful . 
  agreed . 
  thought it was only me , then i switched from firefox to chrome and it was fine . 
  maybe . 
  water in the north of the country also tastes fine to me . 
  the only region where i do n't think it is good is algarve . 
  what does water being `` chalky '' even mean ? 
  it tastes perfectly fine to me . 
  in lisbon tap water is very good and it 's free in every restaurant , bar , or cafe . 
  tap water in switzerland , where i live now , is also good and it 's common for people to order it ( also for free ) in restaurants . 
  of course switzerland 's is very efficient . 
  that 's because they will treat everything , existent and non-existent , and treat you like you 're in a hotel . 
  because you pay every single penny of that shit . 
  keep tight , brothers and sisters . 
  let the world divide itself . 
  we shall rule it again . 
  divide and conquer right ? 
  right ? 
  many tried , all failed . 
  how is it colder here in switzerland ? 
   nobody stops uk , poland etc to find like minded allies . 
  what the fuck . 
  is this a union or what ? 
  rather get my money from merkel than my oil from isis . 
  yes . 
  time to bring them down with a couple of f16s . 
  except our muslim community is extremely well integrated in our society and they do a lot of good stuff . 
  it has led me to where i am today . 
  edit : and i am doing a phd . 
  that 's not the point . 
  the point is you should be able to be identified . 
  your face should not be covered . 
  nuns do n't cover their faces . 
  grow up . 
  it 's not like turkey has always been the epitome of reasonable . 
  he is a dangerous asshole nonetheless . 
  wait , so the pilot ejected himself . 
  does this mean they killed him when he reached the ground ? 
  and then filmed his dead body ? 
  or are there two pilots ? 
  where is the other one if so ? 
  even more idiotic is your comment . 
  forgive my ignorance , but can someone eli5 what could be the consequences here ? 
  - russia bombing isis ; allied with assad . 
  - nato countries against isis as well . 
  - turkey in nato , but erdogan is an insane fucker who is very pro-isis . 
  - turkey fucks up russian plane ; free syrian army who is against isis but also against assad captures pilot ( unclear ? ) . 
  what a big clusterfuck . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  on friday i was walking around in a t-shirt in lisbon , today - sunday - i wake up to a white snowy hell in switzerland . 
  dude i totally dreamed the other day that i was getting ready for war against the moors . 
  the media is definitely affecting my head . 
  no one with portuguese nationality , a bunch of them with french or belgian citizenship . 
  what 's your shitty point ? 
  holy shit , that video . 
  my mind was blown from all the stupidity . 
  the german education system is , to be honest , very creepy . 
  holy shit what, 
  wow . 
  lived in switzerland for almost a year now , have met a lot of people from other countries , have made 1 swiss friend and only because he 's a coworker . 
  no expat bubble here because i moved completely alone knowing 0 people . 
  this is all there is to it . 
  dude . 
  just stop . 
  that does not invalidate the fact that this particular left block is a bunch of complete morons . 
  my point is you can _ always _ half-ass it _ more _ and you can _ always _ be _ more _ of a retard . 
  not at all . 
  yes . 
  i can also see what 's coming next . 
  this one will also fall and the centre-right will win again with an undisputable majority . 
  voting is completed , the government will fall . 
  voting is beginning right now . 
  left-wing ideology supporter , not a supporter of this half-assed left block that has come to emerge in portugal and is made up of complete retards . 
  well , here comes our ultimate demise . 
  and i say this as a left-wing supporter . 
  really surprised about ticino . 
  that argument is ridiculous , though . 
  that makes more sense !, 
  i will give you all my ronaldos if you give me all your men-who-look-like-that . 
  i think you 're talking about portugal . 
  totally gon na move to sweden now . 
  i like living a life where i 'm not constricted by time and do n't have to be permanently planning every step i take by the clock . 
  i think i was actually eligible , but meh , why . 
  yes , arriving late is normal . 
  nothing , they worship it . 
  but migros has no booze !, 
  only allowed if the space follows certain regulations ( size , ventilation , smoker area must be separated , etc. 
  ) , but these are getting rarer and rarer . 
  soon it will be forbidden everywhere ( i think next year is when the legislation will be enforced ) . 
  yes and yes .
