  where are _ ours _ ? 
  fully dutch !, 
  a rare finding . 
  and a short dutch guy as well . 
  he was like 5 cm taller than me but somehow thought he was taller than the entire portuguese population . 
  ( i 'm 1.63 ), 
  yes . 
  that 's not pot , that 's spices bought in lidl . 
  i collect dutch ( ex ) boyfriends . 
  how you doin ' ? 
  but not really . 
   top / puke, 
  join us bitches, 
  this is correct . 
  we are magical . 
  like ... `` the piece of land we lost 1000 years ago '' ? 
  this idea is a clusterfuck of stupid . 
  if portugal was included in this picture , their opinion about us would go like all countries - no opinion, 
  my bad , when i wrote closer neighbors i was thinking about the iberian peninsula . 
  i should have said western europe . 
  you nitpicked my question and answered only the part that matters to you . 
  that tells me absolutely nothing besides the fact that a region of croatia has been influenced by italian culture , which is not an answer to my question , since i asked about iberia and italy being more culturally related to the balkans than to western europe . 
  so maybe you should work on your reading comprehension as well . 
  hypocrite . 
  then do educate me on how iberia and/or italy have more cultural ties and similarities with the balkans than with western europe . 
   i do n't care about how comfortable you are with your country 's history , the point is you know little to nothing about anything else , yet you seem very outspoken . 
  you seem very knowledgeable about what i know or do n't know . 
  the irony in this comment is strong . 
  first , read my comment again . 
  i said we do n't have more cultural ties with the balkans than with our close neighbors . 
  second , i 'm quite comfortable with my country 's history . 
  thirdly , instead of being condescending you can try to provide some examples . 
  yeah , no . 
  it 's true . 
   and we have the same cultural and ethnic background . 
  cultural i do n't know , ethnic not at all . 
  plenty of genetics studies show it . 
  the greeks and phoenicians were here . 
  but they were also in france , for example . 
  and in what parallel universe do iberia and italy have more cultural ties with the balkans than with their closer neighbors ? 
  we did . 
  what is the point of this ? 
  that said , portugal , spain , and italy with the balkans . 
  yep , makes total sense . 
  so much this . 
  we discovered the fucking higgs boson !, 
  thanks , man !, 
  i do n't think having a monetary union without a fiscal union is moronic . 
  actually , the opposite . 
  i called your picture moronic . 
  edit : as per your request for justification , i will link you to this comment which puts it way better than i could . 
  well , that 's mature . 
  your country is the one which benefits the most from there being an eu and an eurozone . 
  and taking into account that  you can not have monetary union without fiscal union and redistribution of public funds from richer to poorer areas . 
  that 's how the whole thing works . 
  your post is extremely moronic . 
  so you represent 300 million people now . 
  yeah . 
  there 's no escape from the incoming shitstorm ( a bigger one , that is ) . 
  well , if they leave the eurozone , they can just print their own money as much as they need . 
  hey !, 
  we won the nobel ... !, 
  well , shit . 
  same shit for me , i live in switzerland . 
  please calm down . 
  and the classic `` arr\u00c9ta com isso ! '', 
  currently in the uk , wan na sex someone up hard , so i confirm it 's clearly the weather ( and not my dry spell ) . 
  we 're not all morons , like you . 
  `` dear pedro , do n't go to brazil and definitely do not become their prince . 
  you will die a horrible death and be tortured for eternity . '', 
  brazil is ours , we remain rich . 
  fine . 
  again , that is you . 
  i personally think that without police we would descend into anarchy and i have a lot of respect for them as an institution ( not the individuals who are assholes ) . 
  but yeah , that is me . 
  just because you 've seen it it does n't mean the entire police force is like that , or even that that attitude is more than a minority . 
  i personally do n't . 
  it should mean something like `` most unconstitutionally '' . 
  get off your high horse . 
  holy fuck . 
  thank you switzerland for my money . 
  it is , indeed . 
  was in renens yesterday , funny . 
  lausanne ? 
  in a parallel universe , probably . 
  i live in switzerland . 
  so ... yeah . 
  they 're totally developing . 
  get out . 
  i am not sure i am comfortable with the fact that insulting portugal is starting to become meme-like with these map things ... 
  are danes retarded ? 
  there , there . 
  they already did several times , got their ass kicked every single one of them . 
  i 'm happy with my life , are you ? 
  but why ... ? 
  damn it , i miss it so much . 
  why ca n't we be friends ? 
  seriously ? 
  yes . 
  what the crap are you talking about,
