this is fucking stupid . 
  fuck them all . 
  with a rake . 
  agreed . 
  costa is a flimsy imbecile . 
   11pm ? fuck we usually start going to an pub in holland by that time can confirm , here too , it 's the right way to do it . 
  damn really ? 
  pe was mandatory all my school life and it counted toward the average grade to enter university . 
  we probably lost some weight over the past 4 years . 
  holy shit . 
  read the title . 
  most common _ occupational _ names . 
   people are n't just going to let others starve on their doorsteps . 
  i know you guys are used to that level of poverty but people here do n't understand that their country is being used so they try to be kind . 
  wow , just wow . 
  first class idiot over here . 
  there wo n't be any humans at that point . 
  unless that 's what you mean . 
  but can you seriously say all this ordeal does n't reek of the same imperialistic tendencies ? 
  you assume that german leaders are 100 % corruption free . 
  drugs are not legal . 
  you just wo n't go to jail if they catch you consuming . 
  germany is a bad , bad boy who needs to be spanked from time to time . 
   europe is a geographical region , has no identity , no shared history , no common culture , no common language , no common religion etc. 
  we are alphabetical peers , i expected more than just white :(, 
  i support none of this shit and none of these people . 
  they are good at backing up proposals that fuck other european countries , but make it non-european people in question and suddenly it 's politically incorrect . 
  i honestly ca n't decide if this is good or bad . 
  however , i have the feeling we are witnessing history in the making in real time . 
  something 's gon na happen with the eu . 
  sounds like dutch to me . 
  this . 
  my grandfather had some hunting rifles and a .22 revolver that we sold when he died . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  never even touched them . 
  guns are not my thing . 
  this is as exciting as a telenovela !, 
  she apparently showed her boobs at the portuguese parliament in the 80s . 
  til . 
   cicciolina ( porn actress and politician ) was hungarian . 
  cicciolina , pretty famous in portugal for some reason . 
  i think because of the horse thing . 
  was that true ? 
   portugal : there 's a singer called lio who 's very famous in france . 
  her sister is famous too , as a singer and actress . 
  never heard of these people before , so , yeah , totally not famous in portugal . 
  glad to see they do n't give absolute numbers of qualified emigrants , otherwise i would know how much i have cost my country . 
  damn . 
  what the hell , man . 
  only the people that were in the military ( which is to say at least all men ) have possession of their firearms ( they do n't take ammo though ) . 
  i 've lived here for a while and have never seen a gun . 
  what does that have to do with anything anyway ? 
  yeah , but switzerland is in dublin . 
  switzerland has a lot of bilateral agreements and treaties with the eu . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  well , our capital was rio de janeiro for a while . 
  might be a thing to consider . 
  brazil is independent . 
   actually believe that they can give orders to switzerland . 
  they can . 
  more like suggestions that if the swiss do n't follow will result in consequences . 
  that is why switzerland does not benefit from the european research fund horizon 2020 . 
  because they approved reduced immigration ( from inside the eu ) laws . 
   plus rolling entertainment expenses , such as paying the entry fee for all eight family members at the zoo . 
  why ... ? 
  what the hell is so hard to understand about this ? 
  it is _ not _ a threat , it 's a reminder that these countries previously agreed upon certain regulations and if they do n't comply now they will be booted out . 
  how hard is this ? 
  i do n't think this is a `` or else '' situation . 
  it 's a `` if you do n't want to follow the regulations you previously agreed on you 're out of them '' . 
  simple . 
  hey , it 's a great opportunity for construction companies and contractors !, 
  solar panels , balconies , big tv , space . 
  i 'll trade my fucking tiny studio in switzerland . 
  i like atheism , drugs , alcohol , and sexual permissiveness . 
  so let 's keep to ourselves in our own places . 
  i 'm not implying anything , you were the one who implied portuguese migrants are after welfare . 
  yep . 
  well , at least is in jail !, 
  could be worse , if he just went about unprosecuted and unpunished . 
  is n't it different if you have a refugee status though ? 
   adolf merkel  viktator orb\u00e1n  swedistan nothing to add to the discussion , i just really enjoyed your puns . 
  democracy : 9 out of 10 people enjoy a gangrape . 
  we do n't emigrate to look for welfare , we emigrate to look for jobs . 
  if we wanted welfare , portugal has it too . 
  anyway what 's so bad about denmark ? 
  why do n't they want to stay there ? 
  seems like a pretty good place to live to me . 
  and crippling health insurance . 
  what he 's so nice, 
  because he 's a tool . 
   president putin and i are using every opportunity to talk about the present and future cooperation , about the ways to make serbia and russia a synonym of unity - when you mention serbia , you can put russia right next to it , and vice versa . 
  this migrant crisis is gold for putin , is n't it ? 
  france and italy ? 
  that 's not good enough !, 
  i do n't know , i 'm naive i guess ? 
  i 'm in such a rage with that video right now that i 'm feeling personally for that girl . 
  oh my fucking god . 
  what the fuck was that ? 
  seriously , what the fuck ?
