  it 's super revolting . 
  but then again i wo n't touch anything that 's been within 50cm of a pea . 
   but i guess that 's because they really speak both spanish and english well . 
  thanks , babe . 
   they have a siesta break for 3 hours !, 
  that 's just absolutely false . 
  in portugal businesses are open 7 days a week , holidays , from early in the morning till night time . 
  the misconception is high with this one . 
  chills man, 
  you guys ... we 're all so beautiful . 
  _ tear _, 
  shitty militaries , unite !, 
  why do we never appear on these things ?!, 
  this is so sad :(, 
  sorry , i 'm in switzerland . 
  that 's where i live . 
  checking in, 
  i doubt that 's ever going to happen . 
  too much shit coming from angola . 
  no , we actually mitosis the shit out of ourselves . 
  if a swiss dude wants to make babies with me i 'm available . 
  speaking for my field ( academia ) , __ fucking make old decrepit not-contributing-anymore professors get the fuck out __ . 
  that 's super scary . 
  i _ love _ the last picture , amazing looking place !, 
  psh , spanish is easy . 
  like in `` house '' . 
  i remember lloret . 
  good times . 
  all those 17 year old girls lying drunk on their own vomit in the middle of the road . 
  wow !, 
  i had n't noticed it !, 
  vasco da gama bridge , the longest in europe . 
  says the italian . 
  same in suisse romande . 
  maybe , but you look quite intimate from down here . 
  france and germany are bffs at this point , the force that always opposes them is the uk , but we all know how that is working . 
  german . 
  of course . 
  according to what the little boat says , those are fuzileiros , the special corps of the navy ( ie , marines ) . 
  0 fucks given . 
  i 'm guessing you live on the moon . 
  welcome to the western world . 
  we love you , do n't leave us . 
  high-five . 
  i am fine , thank you . 
   i 'm sure we can get over one family being above the law . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  you 're getting a lot of shit , but i 'm totally with you buddy . 
  healthcare is not really a joke . 
  it has its problems like everything else but it is one of the strong points in portugal , give or take the occasional mishap caused by recent austerity measures imposed on us . 
  you ca n't really ask that from the portuguese people right now . 
   also there is a real lack of opportunity for people in parts of the country . 
  that 's true for virtually any country in the world . 
  that 's why people move around the country . 
   great place to grow up as an actual young kid , but the schools are low grade , and as kids get older and get bored they turn to drugs , and start having sex and having kids at very young age . 
      so a lot of people get through high school with a fun little drug habit or a brand new toddler , or both . 
  i do n't even know how to respond to this . 
  have you ever * lived * in portugal ? 
  or are you just spewing misinformed bullshit from the 50s that you heard from a great grandfather that emigrated from a village lost in the map ? 
  my god , the ignorance is high with this one . 
  our healthcare is amazing . 
  do you know life outside portugal ? 
  thanks , dude . 
  oh , it 's the russians ' fault . 
  what a surprise . 
  heeeey boys . 
  / winky face totally not desperate, 
  nope , scientific conference . 
  equal amount of alcohol and partying , anyway . 
  hey !, 
  i 've just recently been to the metropolis that is chicheley , newport pagnell . 
  we 're constantly saying shit and satirizing and everyone is still alive . 
  edit : politicians and important people even accept invitations to humor/satire shows . 
  [ damaia and cova da moura ] ( http://imgur.com/cfn6dyk ) , the most horrible places in the entire world . 
  have you people been to milton keynes ? 
  when you said hola i thought of the magazine and i was really confused . 
  we can just change our dns to google 's . 
  i 'm afraid it 's not that interesting , no . 
  i 'm not fabio , though , sorry . 
  but my thoughts go to this guy 's rear side then . 
  i 'm just a girl who has been involved with too many germans for my own good . 
  did fabio hurt you , baby ? 
  i do n't like them , but in my case it 's personal . 
  they do not like to speak english . 
  but the second though ...  although also known in spain as philip the pious , [ 1 ] philip 's political reputation abroad has been largely negative -- an ` undistinguished and insignificant man , ' a ` miserable monarch , ' whose ` only virtue appeared to reside in a total absence of vice , ', 
  exactly . 
  all three filipes really . 
  not in the slightest . 
  i miss home . 
  not in suisse romande in my experience . 
  just yesterday i bonded with a girl after some asshole bumped into me and threw my phone into a puddle . 
  yes ? 
  not entirely normal , but not strange . 
  have a cookie !, 
  a human domino chain sounds pretty hilarious to me . 
  they 're hilarious . 
  and contrary to what people are saying , in my experience they have always been friendly to me . 
  i was born and raised in lisbon , you do n't wan na say that to me . 
  come here . 
  very safe and you do n't need to go far to find sea like [ this .
