  where is this ? 
  i 'm not mad . 
  i do n't need to be mad to state the fact that you are an imbecile who swallows spoonfed stereotypes like they 're m&m s. 
  the european parliament is such a circus , i love it . 
  they 're completely independent things . 
  it does n't matter what the father did or did not do , it does n't justify her behavior . 
   how buttered bread will continue to land on the buttered side . 
  nooooooo, 
  cunt . 
  yes , it is . 
  not normally a patriot , i feel like one when i sing the national anthem . 
  aggravated the country 's debt by a bazillion fold by using lots of money to build unnecessary megalomaniac infrastructure . 
  he then , of course , hired the companies of his buddies to take care of these projects , with which he was himself involved , in order to make a ton of profit . 
  among other stuff . 
  oh excuse me . 
  i am old enough to vote and i do vote for european elections . 
  sorry to bother , your highness . 
  i have been having my doubts about the eu for years . 
  my comment was about the extreme to which the british take this . 
  yes . 
  i 'll go further than you and say that interview with the pizza delivery guy was the greatest piece of journalism the world has ever seen . 
  `` go on !, 
  `` but ... who 's the pizza for ? 
  why are you all here ? '', 
  `` you 'll see ! '', 
  that picture is amazing . 
  where is the adidas tracksuit ? 
  it 's not middle of the road !, 
  it 's `` segunda/terceira fila '' !, 
  ( = second/third parking row ), 
   how the hell else do you propose to give a country money if not as loans ? 
  i seem to recall germany having a 100 % pardon not once but twice in the last century . 
  i used to not like the separatist non-committed stance the uk has in relation to all of this , but after reading today 's front page i start to understand . 
  i 'm getting too pissed off with this . 
  we all die . 
  oh this is ridiculous . 
  i got extra mad with the picture of the sandwiches in the trashcan . 
  yeah , you do n't need an embargo for that . 
   if i were the portuguese pm , i would support it in the un . 
  and with this you would destroy the relationship with our biggest buyer . 
  spain . 
  okay , we do n't speak about what happened in 1580 . 
  we have been free since 1139 . 
  due to economic reasons , there is absolutely no way in this universe that lisbon would recognize catalonia . 
  ever . 
  are you serious ? 
   as long as europe has our back , we 'll protect europe from the rest of the world 's problems . 
  hahaha . 
   you do n't get to have our help while stabbing us in the back . 
  wait . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
  because we respect human rights . 
  no and no . 
  lausanne . 
  i 've been here for 7 months , i still do n't know where everyone is going during the weekends . 
  0 people in the street after 6pm on saturday , all day sunday . 
  not even going to talk about national/cantonal holidays . 
  no stores open ater 6/7 , no one in the bars , nothing to do !, 
  where is everyone ? 
  shit , try the weekends and national holidays . 
  literally 0 people in the street , 0 stores open . 
  i have no idea where they 're going . 
  and that 's the anthem of the eu ... 
  no , no , no , no !, 
  lisbon is so much better . 
  trust me . 
  i am from there . 
  wait , i might be a bit biased . 
  it 's the minimum wage . 
  you accuse others of being right-wing because they call out on some of these people not being refugees and trying to force their ways ilegally around the continent , while shitting on a eu country whose most migrants abide by all the laws . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , you hypocritical xenophobic cunt . 
  not the ones who entered legally , and abiding all the laws , and taking care of the necessary bureucracy and registration procedures . 
  source : me , i live in a country that is not portugal . 
  your `` logic '' is outstanding . 
  thanks . 
  i actually live in switzerland i 'm not going to check that because i 'll just be depressed afterwards . 
  really ? 
  i 'm going to abandon my phd and start digging holes . 
   i know a lot of european people who live in poverty who would welcome those things with open arms , and yet here we have so-called `` refugees '' just throwing it away on the railway tracks . 
  exactly . 
  just ... exactly . 
  this makes me crazy . 
  simonetta looking like she wanted to be in the picture . 
  `` bitch ... '', 
  ass . 
  okay i am outraged . 
  truly starved people would n't do these things . 
  people fucking suck . 
  i want 10 billion moneyz pls . 
  itt , people from the capitals are arrogant jerks , everyone from everywhere is rude . 
  and arrogant . 
   since individuals face selection-pressures as wholes ( i.e. 
  with all the traits they have ) . 
  the gene-centric view is compatible with this . 
   ( also obviously false , since things like foraging - , mate-choice and offspring-rearing strategies are both heritable and fitness-relevant ) what leads you to say that these traits are not genetically determined ? 
   the channels are genetics , cellular epigenetics , social learning and niche-construction ( including culture ) , not just genetics alone . 
  in order for something to be inherited , it has to have a genetic component . 
  one could argue that alleles of genes that control methylation/acethylation/etc were selected in a circumstance , thus favouring and increasing the plasticity of epigenetic modifications . 
   but there is still ample evidence in human history that certain population-wide cultural phenomena are conductive to the persistence and growth of the populations , and to their own spread to other cultures ( certain metallurgy-practices are a rather well-studied example ) . 
  this is not evolution in the biological sense .
