  13.00 already , good afternoon from ... switzerland . 
  my plans are cry all day because i was in a conference the past 3 days and my labmate fucked up the work i prepared to continue when i came back . 
  every day is party day . 
  edit : and friday is always sex day . 
  that 's why i 'm sharing , numbnuts . 
  damn right i 'm hot, 
  savage, 
  we also have bidets everywhere . 
  your field is not `` the modern world '' . 
  in biology , it is definitely not the norm to use the biorxiv equivalent . 
  not italian , still appalled . 
  i did n't even connect amatrice with pasta amatriciana and now i 'm even more upset , goddamn you . 
   so are you defending his point or just making useless comments ? 
  tell me how not very smart i am . 
  i am not defending anyone 's point , i replied to the guy because i wanted him to expand on what he said , since i was curious about his point of view . 
  you are the one who 's insisting on the greece point when the comment i replied to mentioned only portugal , which is precisely why i replied in the first place . 
  useless is keeping on replying to me when what you say makes absolutely no sense . 
  go back to / r/iamverysmart . 
  user / u/miau8miau was the one who directly agreed to the greece comment , not me . 
  read carefully before attacking people . 
  i did n't agree with anything , read my damn reply . 
  my comment was about portugal alone , the fact that it 's in a comment chain that mentions greece does not mean i have an opinion about greece in particular . 
  wow . 
  i made no comment about greece ever , i do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  edit : are you downvoting me because i did not speak about greece ? 
  you are an idiot . 
  yes . 
  between portugal and spain , that is . 
  we do not speak about that . 
  i know a lot of ticinese , definitely more italian-like than german-like . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  you ca n't get any more western than this . 
  i am literally surrounded by wildfires . 
  we do n't know this . 
  pls . 
  we can embargo russia for invading crimea , why ca n't we embargo turkey for this shit ? 
  really ? 
  oh god , erdogan is a cunt and all his followers are cunts . 
  what / u/virgindognotreally said about european qualified immigration . 
  i personally am teaching young swisslings at university . 
  i got my permit in literally 5 days . 
  i think i am okay being here . 
  you have to deal with it . 
   it 's misleading to say that all immigrants are high skilled , the second biggest immigrant group is from portugal and there are a lot of people from former yugoslavia . 
  implying people from these countries ca n't be highly qualified . 
  i have no answer for this . 
   fact is if people were born there there are foreign born in 2016 , because now it is angola definitely wrong . 
  at the time of their births , angola did not exist , it was just another region of portugal . 
  not foreign-born . 
  source : my parents were born in mozambique . 
  motherfucking swiss . 
  goddamnit , again ? 
  it seems it 's every day now ... 
  i 'm sorry french brothers . 
  stay strong . 
   because we spend 5 % of our budget on our military while you do n't even have one . 
  this shows me how fucking ignorant you are about the world around you , heck , about the continent around you , so why again are you spewing these moronic arguments ? 
  edit :  please tell me how the glorious portugese army went to deal with all the islamists that use your country as a proxy to pass from morroco . 
  oh wait , it did n't because the english and us did it for you ah yeah , please show me proof of islamists using portugal to pass . 
  so ... we 're less corrupt than italy , spain , or austria , but we are the ones who need to sort it out and ca n't `` bark '' at the eu ? 
  exactly this !, 
   so yeah i think it 's pretty hypocritic because countries love to cuts corners they should n't but when we cope for them , because , well , somebody has to oh , __ oh __ , that is fucking hilarious . 
  you are ridiculous . 
  that 's fucking hilarious . 
  like everyone else is not violating budget rules . 
  if you expect wits while discussing football , you 're the halfwit . 
  just shut up already . 
  come on man , the battle of nuremberg has provided everyone with endless laughs . 
  yes . 
  did we watch the same game ? 
   exists almost solely to satisfy the bourgeois predilections of an upper-middle class elite oh , _ shut up _ . 
  yeah , not gon na happen . 
  fucking good riddance . 
  what the fuck is he saying ? 
  could n't understand a single word . 
  and you 're just a moron . 
  i actually had the best chips of my life in the uk . 
  you shall sleep on the couch tonight . 
   half an hour late to the negotiating table . 
  if the meeting is in southern europe that 's actually early . 
   the europeans want out , oh really ? 
  that would be great politics . 
  plus we 've always hated their food . 
  well you should have thought about that , huh ? 
  i 'm pretty mad at them right now . 
  they 're already trying . 
  they 're already part of local culture . 
  oh my god , someone from liechtenstein , thought it was a myth . 
  we have you , you pseudo-portuguese cuties . 
  no , we are . 
  party pooper . 
  and my axe . 
  same here , they 're called the troika . 
  that 's exactly the point . 
  to make up for old stuff . 
  holy shit man . 
  support us !, 
  if it helps , my friend 's sister 's ex-boyfriend is finnish . 
  support us . 
  whores and green wine literally , and what / u/winterdeceit said figuratively .
