  guys in dresses/underpants and women sunglasses rolling down a hill . 
  for the record `` epah '' , the only word to feature in the lyrics , does n't exactly mean anything . 
  que . 
  hahah , brazil does n't give a shit . 
  thanks for being our biggest importer . 
  only to have their asses handed to them by ourselves and the brits . 
  good call , dudes . 
  i root for spain when we 're out of the competition . 
  we 're still exploring the world , but this time it 's out of necessity . 
  we love you too , mates . 
  tsunami shield , plus we will get all the radiation if your nuclear plants _ in the border _ go apeshit . 
  good call , spaniards . 
  good call . 
  they hate us, 
  that would actually be pretty badass . 
  i 'd like to say spain , but i 'm pretty sure they do n't give a fuck about us . 
  so i 'm gon na say uk , but then again they also do n't give a fuck . 
  nevermind . 
  edit : i love you too , my british brothers . 
  i just left your territory , actually . 
  do n't worry , i will come back . 
  thanks uk for iron maiden , tolkien , and a bunch of other cool things . 
  and for the science you guys do . 
  basically everyone in my scientific pedigree ( advisers , advisers ' advisers , collaborators , etc ) is british or works in the uk . 
  thanks for darwin . 
   portugal is stretched the fuck does this even mean ? 
   rely on the u.s to protect them . 
  that 's exactly the point , you think we can rely on them from now on ? 
  every fucking time, 
  i mean you can look at the numbers on the graph below . 
  an hypothetical eu army would be defensive , it would n't start any wars . 
  i hope . 
  what the fuck ireland . 
  good riddance , moron . 
  you and me both brother, 
  should be easy , we love everyone except brazilians . 
  putin master of puppets, 
  i do n't understand why people in europe are feeling so great/happy/relieved / glad . 
  this affects us all . 
  trump will sit on the un security council , g8 , g20 , nato , will create a shitstorm on all the efforts to reverse climate change , he 's already crashing the markets even !, 
  he will be greatly influential in global politics and he __ will __ fuck us all . 
  god , people . 
  i like to mix the caramel and salty popcorn . 
  it 's like a surprise party in my mouth . 
  lausanne . 
  there is one coop pronto open every day till midnight near the train station , but it 's really small , there 's not really a lot of choice . 
  i work until really late almost every day so it 's practically impossible to grocery shop before everything closes , which is 7pm . 
  that only leaves me saturday until 6pm to do everything i have to do . 
  i have to plan my weekend around it basically . 
  it sucks . 
  where i live only 1 or 2 coop prontos open on sunday though . 
  almost impossible in switzerland . 
  i also know 4 languages , it was the not so subtle brag that is worthy of / r/iamverysmart . 
  over my dead body bro !, 
  jk love ya, 
  no , we are in the center !, 
  you shut your damn mouth, 
   why did portugal proceed ? 
  ( football again ) haters, 
  `` infraestructure '' would literally be how a spanish person would pronounce the word . 
  oh god no, 
  totally , fuck elective monarchy , stupid vassals . 
  and everyone thinks sex is the most important thing . 
  when you do n't have neighbours , why would you want to change that ? 
  nonetheless , in a traditionally and culturally catholic country , atheists would n't object to having christian neighbours . 
  you 're talking about the balkans , then ? 
  because i was born and raised in portugal and lived there for the past 25 years , as well as my whole family and friends . 
  damn we 're kinda nice !, 
  bitch you know nothing about what 's life like over there, 
  they also do n't want christians as neighbours , and it is a very catholic country/region , so go figure . 
  but like the other guy said , super chill peeps . 
  fair enough . 
  i did n't downvote you anyway . 
  that was before brexit . 
  idiot, 
  people make me sick . 
   also , you queue just as well as the brits , which is a major point in your favour . 
  where in portugal were you ?!, 
  we ca n't queue for shit . 
  you did n't have teachers , dummy , they invented schools . 
  fyi , being from southern europe has played in my favor with the northern gentlemen . 
   has n't the eu been working towards accepting turkey as a member for a long time now ? 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  what the flying fuck ? 
  once i tried learning dutch because i had a dutch ex-boyfriend . 
  it did n't last long . 
  ah , d'accord . 
  conas means cunts in portuguese , just fyi . 
  i 'm also a woman and you 're spot on . 
  i have a chacha myself , and alas no husband . 
  you 're spot on . 
  that and the earthquake , the french invasions , and the loss of brazil all in succession . 
  i am 26 but i have 0 stability in my life . 
  how am i supposed to start making babies ? 
  thank you !, 
  unrelated question , but i 've noticed a lot of french people doing it . 
  is it correct in french to place a space between word and question mark ? 
  like `` what ? '', 
  instead of `` what ? 
  oh god no,
