   on a theoretical level , though , this too is absolutely sound : imagine two somewhat separated populations of bonobos who nevertheless share roughly the same ecological situation . 
  now in one of them , there is a discovery of simple tool-manufacturing that is passed on parentally and alloparentally . 
  the new tool allows them to extract more resources more efficiently from the same environment , and thus contributes to stability and growth . 
  if the other population has nothing to compensate , they will not be able to sustain a similar increase in population size . 
  if some strategy heritable through social learning becomes survival-critical for ecological reasons , lineages and populations where it is not present may even become extinct . 
  this will fall apart unless there was selection for some allele that favours the transmission of knowledge between individuals , as well as their learning abilities . 
  and i can basically extrapolate this to all your arguments for group selection . 
  thank you . 
  i am familiar with most of these things . 
  my msc was on evolutionary biology . 
  i can not answer you in detail right now , but it seems to me you are mixing concepts , mainly multi-level selection and the nature vs nurture debate . 
  i am not familiar with any strong evidence for multi-level selection presently . 
  i have read jablonka 's work . 
  i guess one could argue that epigenetics could , in one or two generations , have an impact in behaviour to say the most . 
  but to extrapolate that to a kind of selection of culture would be a stretch . 
  again , even without venturing into the sociology domain , there is no hard evidence for group selection . 
  talk about rewarding talent and hard work . 
  thanks . 
  yes , there is always the option of doing a phd without a scholarship , but i 'm not sure how that would work . 
  you would have to pay tuition ( which i think in portugal is 5x higher than for bachelor 's and master 's degrees ) , that 's for sure . 
  but if you are doing a phd in the stem field , who would pay for the reagents and machinery that you use ? 
  if you are not accounted for with a scholarship , then the receiving lab/institution does not receive money for the resources you spend . 
  would this be included in tuition ? 
  just seems like a stretch to me , because it 's a lot of money . 
  i 'm imagining a scenario where europe closes its borders completely . 
  120 million people then proceed to enter by force , making the situation much , much worse . 
  damned if you , damned if you do n't . 
  well , now that the university of lisbon and the technical university of lisbon ( with the ist ) merged , i 'm not sure about porto being the most prestigious in stem . 
  i 'm a phd candidate , so my salary is close to the minimum salary here . 
  it 's much better than in the rest of europe , yes , but it 's not a shitload proportionally . 
  cab drivers make more than me . 
  preaching to the choir here ... :(, 
  love the little red blot in the middle of europe that is switzerland . 
  can confirm , i pay shitloads for everything . 
  well , that sucks . 
  i do n't know of any country where doing a phd does not earn you a salary . 
  this is getting fairly comical , in a sad way . 
  what shocked me the most about phds was the fact that they get paid as much as they do in portugal ( well , almost ) . 
  source . 
  no , god no . 
  culture works at much , much smaller time scales than evolution . 
  you 're thinking of memes , which could work like that , but are not genetic elements . 
  edit : added the word time . 
  implying that a few thousand refugees will destroy europe and its 500 million people . 
  oh shit , you 're the first brit i see in this sub with that opinion . 
  i 'm kinda happy . 
   both culture is determined by genetics and vice versa . 
  i am a biologist/geneticist . 
  please enlighten me on how this works . 
  if this sub reflects the general feeling in europe , it 's more than in the rest of the continent , apparently . 
  are you serious ... ? 
  got it . 
  but keep in mind this is actually to stop these smugglers to take the migrants to germany and france . 
  so tone or no tone , it 's good for you . 
  what do you mean ? 
  about 1500 refugees are about to enter the country . 
  at least there are some people out there willing to receive them . 
  same . 
  good point . 
  population genetic studies put the influence of northern african peoples in modern lineages ( haplogroup u6 ) at around 3 % ( average ) in the portuguese population . 
  psht , i 'm fine , i earn my money in switzerland . 
  no , that 's not correct , read some goddamn wikipedia articles . 
  there was one municipality who offered to accommodate refugees , give them houses and jobs , in order to increase the population number and birth rate , and decrease the mean age . 
  except no one wants to come to portugal . 
  all this comment chain is hilarious . 
  we are crisis-brothers all in all . 
  pigs , if you will . 
  sorry , we are the westernmost country of europe . 
  i thought germany was considered western europe ? 
  good god , this shit changes every time i see it . 
  germoney !, 
  luck is a bitch . 
  nothing externally relevant , pretty much . 
   we even have a law student under 30 as foreign minister . 
  i. . . does that work ? 
  drinking age is 18 legally . 
  everyone disregards it though . 
  in my experience , when you 're a teenager you go outside ( our nightlife happens mostly outside the bars ) and get shitfaced on beer . 
  ( or vodka or something of the sort . 
  all high school students have a senior trip of one week in some beach in southern spain whose purpose nowadays is to just get completely wasted on white drinks ) . 
  you get older , you get shitfaced on wine . 
  i personally reserve the beer for summer afternoons on the beach . 
  here in switzerland , `` ap\u00e9ro '' is just `` get drunk on beer before dinner '' . 
  what kind of violations ? 
  i disagree with the jackass you 're answering to , but actually genetically the influence of northern africans and moors in the portuguese population is quite negligible . 
   pride in ones race are you implying you had any control on your `` race '' ? 
  because that is the only way to be proud of something , to actually have had some hand on it . 
  good god , calm down . 
  i disagree . 
  there is absolutely no downside in me sharing my opinion about this subject on reddit . 
  that does n't stop me from having an opinion . 
  i 'm not saying you specifically . 
  should have stayed quiet . 
  sue the shit out of the entire world . 
   we were demanded to lead when and by whom ? 
   `` hey eu countries , take those immigrants , you are not solidar with us !, 
  and you should also rise your standards for asylum seekers to our insane level ! '', 
  should be more like `` hey countries who bombed the shit out of those places , take these refugees '', 
  like your grandmother used to say ? 
  alcohol only removes your filter , it does not make you say or do things you do n't want/think about .
