  so , it comes down to this : - exxon , shell , bp , total , chevron & others , overall some of the most powerful businesses on the planet , found a few people they paid to make it look like there is a dispute among the scientific community . 
  - there is a massive conspiracy fueled by ... solar panel producers ? 
  that has pretty much everybody working on the subject lying . 
  wow , some optimism here . 
  bringing tanks to la manche ? 
  well i knew it was a thing , but from a post here so it does n't count . 
  i ca n't find said pdf , trust me though , they did n't choose the ugliest design . 
  i like its looks , i think it 's fine . 
  especially the old 100pln note . 
  new ones - not so much . 
  was this the pdf with other projects ? 
  i remember that one from here , most of those were ridiculously ugly . 
  maybe the series with the animals could do . 
  yes . 
  this border has been crossed by me the moment you could n't understand sarcasm and i made a joke . 
  [ warsaw confederation ] ( http://http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_confederation ) , for one . 
  europe 's first written constitution . 
  * neminem captivabimus * privilege from 15th century : no nobleman could be punished and imprisoned without a court verdict . 
  in terms of military conquests , not that much , at least not compared to other european countries . 
  it did capture and hold moscow for a few years though . 
  it 's ok to have a laugh once in a while , you know . 
  some distance is also useful . 
  beings of immense retardedness , wearing tracksuits * and * sandals + socks , at the same time . 
  scary stuff , man . 
  * shudder *, 
  deflation is a basic concept of economics . 
  i thought someone who rushes in , repeats some shit he heard in a youtube vid , and announces glorious victory over communism would know it . 
  might it be that i was wrong about that ? 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/china/inflation-cpi china is not in deflation . 
  he 's a korwinist , either a kid or a neckbeard who discovered an ultra-free-market monarchist clown on youtube and thinks his oneliners are key to understanding the world . 
  protip : they are not . 
  enemies are liberals and postmodernists . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=quxwhp5y23e ) 's a short , 6-minute interview with him , this time with english subs . 
  i 'm sure he 's desperate because those liberals that he despises so much pretty much control the world . 
  no problem bro . 
  that 's not crazy to me . 
  it 's my pet peeve , i do n't call these people crazy because i feel like this is dismissing a serious threat . 
  the things he writes are coherent , like ( i think in this case , invoking it is not out of place ) fascism was btw . 
  you said it yourself , these ideas are being taken seriously , and by serious people . 
  i have nothing against calling him names , but just dismissing this , like ( i do n't wan na single people out , just an example ) this british guy lower in the thread is , imo , dangerous . 
  can you understand russian ? 
  if yes , read [ this ] ( http://http//evrazia.org/article/795 ) . 
   you mean polish women ? 
  i mean polish couples . 
  young couples who will have kids in the uk because their wages are enough to support it . 
  it 's not about sex ed or whatever , they know full well what to put where . 
  they just earn more than 5 onions an hour . 
  everything and nothing . 
  all of the minor points , like a commission to fight ~ ~ dragons ~ ~ * gender ideology * are true , but i think it 's not a reverse sexual revolution , it 's a backlash against the creeping modernity by the roman cathoic church and conservative parts of the polish society . 
  there is a direction in which this is going , but i do n't think it 's jesusistan , quite the reverse . 
  for one , 15 years ago evils of homosexuality were a non-issue , not because everybody was so open-minded , but because nobody knew any gay people , they were invisible . 
  now they 're not . 
  also the reason why poles have more children in the uk than here is , they can actually afford kids there . 
   the brainless creature pulled out of his victim 's womb died today in a hospital ad maiorem dei gloriam . 
  i like you . 
  seriously ? 
  i wonder if putin shares some opinions with this guy . 
  oh , do n't get me wrong . 
  the kims are crazy like a sack of bats . 
  so , i got interested and decided to read up on this guy a bit . 
  apparently he 's an advisor to the duma speaker . 
  then i read an article of his [ here ] ( http://http://evrazia.org/article/795 ) , i 'd read the book , but my russian is too bad to go through 300 + pages in a reasonable time . 
  i think he 's definitely not crazy , not in the medical sense . 
  i know many people who 'd agree with him if what was written there was repackaged a bit . 
  if such thinking is influential in the russian government , that 's scary stuff . 
  dear reader has nothing on turkmenbashi . 
  pope does n't believe in biblical inerracy , for one . 
  [ christian fundamentalists ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_fundamentalism ) are a thing , however . 
  i 'm reading an article of his atm , does n't seem that crazy to me . 
  not that i agree with him . 
  you are misinformed . 
  the moment she lighted up and asked `` whatcha thinking '' , there was a third person in that room . 
  unless it 's dalek eggs . 
  then they 're cool . 
  a fundamentalist is someone who wants a strict adherence to orthodoxy ( the way they see it ) , and an islamist is , well , someone who wants a strict adherence to muslim orthodoxy ( the way they see it ) . 
  you decide if it 's a bad or a good muslim . 
   according to the article it were suggestions not plans . 
  more like ... guidelines . 
  young people who ca n't admit to their dads named janusz that they do n't believe jesus is real and pope wojty\u0142a is the best person who has ever lived vent here . 
  exterminate !, 
  he could have acted upon it when he applied for the job , by not applying . 
  [ we secretly want you to break and invade us again so we can live in a normal country . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bjwdv1is34u ) seriously though , that war is one of the most widely known historical events , and adolph possibly the best known historical character . 
  i guess either enough time has to pass for people to forget , or something else wich will make people forget has to happen . 
  we shall never surrender our onion mines !, 
  wow , much plan . 
  out of curiosity , what would you do with zus ? 
  oh , that 's just the benefit of doubt , it 's either that or he 's malicious . 
  then again were he malicious but competent , he 'd have achieved something earlier . 
  my point , though ( and i admit , i assumed you were one of his supporters , i deeply apologize if i was wrong ) was that if it 's ok to say the shit he says , then it should also be ok to call a guy a moron if he 's not one . 
  well in that case the baltics seem like a nice choice . 
  riga in particular . 
  why ? 
  i thought political correctness is evil . 
  here 's a possible explanation for you op : front national has unsavory roots . 
  since marine lepen took over , they 've spent a lot of time to distance themselves from these roots , to make themselves look like a party non-nutbags could vote for . 
  the last thing they need after an undeniable success in last elections , which probably could n't happen without these afforts , is a way for unfriendly press to link them with `` polish neonazis '' ( that korwin is no neonazi does n't matter ) . 
  if they want to look like a legitimate party they ca n't hold hands with a deranged lemur . 
  e : or the hungarian fascist dude was right and lepen is a zionist . 
  it 's gon na be more hilarious when russia is china 's hat in 20 years .
