  also , the 5 % electoral threshold does not apply in elections , if a candidate of an ethnic minority wins in his district , he/she gets to the parliament , requiring them to get a 5 % threshold countrywide would be ridiculous , and an obvious move to deny them representation . 
  why exactly ca n't lithuania do the same , and instead i keep hearing about fines for ridiculous things ? 
  what , will the sky fall down on your heads ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  i highly doubt russia profitted economically form sochi olympics . 
  no way they got back what they spent . 
  that 's what i 've been told at school , i just used wikipedia to confirm it . 
  mind you , that does n't mean there are still actual , active volcanos there . 
  ukraine and belarus seem to have a different system of classifying soils , no way they align with borders of poland and lithuania so perfectly . 
  that , or stalin drew the borders with soils in mind . 
  massif central is a volcanic area . 
  if people wanted to vote for a joke party , komitet gamonie i krasnoludki is way better . 
  it will never be dead because it is the best meme ever devised . 
  that this piece of news did n't deserve it is another thing . 
  yes . 
  are you mentally deranged ? 
  means small scrap , piece of junk , or something like that stuff that tends to gather in your bellybutton especially if you 're fat . 
  apparently comes from german ( obsolete ? ), 
  yes , bash brown people in front of a bunch of far right nutjobs . 
  so fucking brave . 
  we do , it 's `` w\u0142o\u015b\u0107 '' . 
  it is likely related . 
  almaty seems like a good spot . 
  highlighting martyrdom of glorious poland , the christ of nations , tortured for ages by russians , germans , ukrainians and adam michnik . 
  e : and jews , of course . 
  also disclaimer , these are not , in any way , shape or form , my views . 
  you asked , i answered . 
  ... if they keep iceland for long enough . 
  they were offered it , but declined is what i 've heard . 
  they knew germans would be expelled , and the area repopulated with russians , because there were n't enough lithuanians to do it . 
  having a sizeable russian minority could prove to be problematic later on . 
  we 'd have a colony on mars . 
  as much as there are many things in this country that still need improvement , and i would n't necessarily say my country is a success story , i think this graph actually shows that if there is one in post-communist europe , it * is * poland . 
  at the time of the fall of communism , we were one of the poorest eastern bloc countries . 
  look at where these countries were relative to each other in 1990 , and where they were in 2012 . 
  you 'll see that when communism ended , poland , ukraine , bulgaria and romania have their gdp per capita on a pretty much equal level . 
  hungary and slovakia by ahead by roughly 50 % , or 4000 usd , and czech republic is ahead by roughly 100 % , or 8000 usd fast forward to 2012 and poland is way ahead of romania , bulgaria , and especially ukraine , and it surpassed hungary , while the gap between it and former czechoslovakia is much smaller . 
  i guess since most / r/europe citizens are straight males , `` citizens '' meant ladies for most respondents . 
  poland does well in that department . 
  bieszczady mountains , especially in [ fall ] ( http://www.dwatrium.pl/glowna/upload/gallery/bieszczady-fd786.jpg ) . 
  pretty landscapes , interesting but sad history , not too touristy , and you can see the stars . 
  also , there are bears and wisents . 
  no he 's not . 
  there is no way that is correct as of 1918 , unless the carthographer considers catholic slavs lithuanian , which sort of could pass , i guess , but is inconsistent with , say , ireland . 
  even then it would be a stretch, 
  omg it 's hilarious . 
  that guy just gained a fan , i think . 
  i 'm gon na go to aldi and buy the most obscure baking powder . 
  just to be sure . 
  you truly are atlas shugged . 
  i think i need to add an explanation . 
  after her recent exposee there was a small storm in polish right-wing media about her saying that european countries need to accept a loss of sovereignty . 
  then , me and my friends had a laugh mostly by replaying the star wars scene where palpatine announces that `` the republic will be reorganized into the first galactic empire '' with a faux german accent , and natalie portman 's part ( `` this is how liberty dies '' ) as prominent polish anti-eu polititians . 
  the first thing i thought when i 've heard about this was the above . 
  also , i agree with what she actually said there , and have a lot of respect for that woman , even if i do n't like much of her politics . 
  thank you . 
  how do you say `` the attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed , but i assure you : my resolve has never been stronger ! '', 
  in german ? 
  e : it was `` attempt '' , i think, 
  as a pro-eu person , i think the last thing we need is governments using brussels as a scapegoat for their unpopular decisions even more . 
  in this case , i think if he could , tusk would implement at least civil unions , and if he did it using eu as a scapegoat that would be a disaster . 
  i had a laugh . 
  was n't there a post about this recently ? 
  the danish government implemented this of their own will , they could have opted out , like the swedes who have a similar pastry , and did not . 
  for the record , if it 's actually harmful and true cinnamon is not , i do n't see a problem . 
   it is a somewhat puzzling regulatory intrusion , because danish regultors ( or , danish regulators ) could have taken a pass , deeming the kanelsnegle a `` traditional '' food and therefore exempt from the regulations . 
  indeed , the eu carved out traditional and seasonal dishes from the regulations , as if they never envisioned the danish banning the danish . 
  sweden did just that with its kanelbullar . 
  in the end , the danish authorities decided what 's good for the kanelbullar is n't always good for the kanelsnegle . 
  read more : http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/230550#ixzz2olcq53qk this whole issue is a nice little illustration on how national governments will make the eu take the blame for their decisions if possible . 
  no , the velociraptors . 
  they were there first , and that beutiful piece of mud should be theirs . 
  remove trilobites . 
   i believe that russian threat was one of the main reasons why the state came to be in the first place , with all the fuss in livonia and so on , as lithuania was pretty much landlocked while russia expanded into the resource-rich siberia and using the momentum in its western front . 
  the main reason even , i 'd say . 
  as for a potential yugoslavia scenario , we ca n't exclude that , but we 'll never know . 
  llike i said , i think you had good reasons , and i could think of more of them than what you named ( potential for a nationalist takeover , possibility of a decline of lithuanian language even without one , for instance ) . 
  i only brought that up to show the man was n't a nationalist . 
  in his mind , a federation of poland and some sort of arrangement in former grand duchy of lithuania : a single entity , or a single entity with language-based `` cantons '' , or separate entities , with belarus , without belarus , depending on how the war with soviets goes . 
  ukraine was supposed to either ba a part of it , or ( if big enough ) , a separate , closely allied state . 
  he saw that as a chance to become a legitimate `` ersatz-russia '' for the western allies . 
  of course , lithuania declined ( and you had good reasons , i think ) , ukraine fell to the soviets , and ussr kept minsk , so the idea never came to fruition . 
  i agree . 
  you 've never heard he wanted a federation ? 
  positive . 
  he knew poland , along with the entire region , would have to fight another war for its independence , `` within thirty years '' , either with a resurgent germany or the soviets . 
  he was also dealt a certain hand and had to make do with it . 
  i really think whatever wrongs he did , and there was quite a bit of those , were to prepare for this conflict . 
  as we know , he failed , but i highly doubt the alternative ( nationalists ) would have been better , even if i like some of their ideas more . 
  he was pretty much the only man who could stop them from coming to power . 
  these reasons alone would have made me lukewarm towards him but the mustache and quotes like `` you should be walking chickens to take a piss , not do politics '' ( looks clunky in english , much better in polish ) or `` the nation 's great , but the people are whores '' just force me to like him . 
  thing is , he was actually * not * a nationalist . 
  roman dmowski 's national democrats were his enemies . 
  the shape of interbellum poland a unitary country dominated by ethnic poles was what nds wanted before the war , he said he wanted a federation and i think he was being sincere . 
  he was also not a socialist , at least not after the war , nor a fascist . 
  that was one of his several redeeming qualities , along with the mustache and harsh language . 
  your country failed to put a wombat , which is the best animal , on its coat of arms . 
  seriously , a kangaroo and an emu ? 
  jesus that would be awesome, 
  yes , the eu * would be * making a long term investment .
