  it 's not about the holocaust or kolyma , it 's about mindsets . 
  i do n't equalize university quotas ( and physical segregation too ) with the holocaust . 
  i 'm saying we too have skeletons in our collective closet , and by acting like we do n't , you demonstrate the same mindset certain russians do . 
  even if their skeleton count is in the millions and ours is in the thousands . 
  actually , especially if it 's like that . 
  bench ghettos . 
  burning of orthodox churches . 
  pogroms before the war ( like brze\u015b\u0107 , 1937 ) , and after ( kielce 1946 ) . 
  all of these are bad things , and not inventions of propaganda . 
  and apparently mentioning those makes me what ... some sort of nationalist with delusions of grandeur ? 
  your position is pretty much the same as ops regarding russia , his country is just orders of magnitude stronger , that 's all . 
  what does communism have to do with it ? 
  it should be the anthem of the eu , it 's glorious . 
  korwin is a joke , and his electorate consists entirely of deranged pseudo-randroid neckbeards . 
  there is always a choice . 
  usa does n't do this because it somehow likes poland , but because it is in its interest , and refusing ( or letting us go down in the unlikely case shit hits the fan ) is not . 
  were the cost and risk too high , the us would have declined . 
  poland does this because it is in poland 's interest , for the aforementioned reason . 
  it wants to feel safe , and clearly united states is the only power willing to back it up . 
  this assures the poles that * in the unlikely case * that something unpleasant happens between russia and poland our allies wo n't be able to treat harsh language as fulfillment of the north atlantic treaty - like they have done with the guarantees of ukrainian terrtiorial integrity . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  if you actually could have sworn that , then you 're a tool . 
  no way around that . 
  if l'viv went independent and asked to join poland ( which they would * never ever * do btw ) , it would probably be accepted . 
  the difference between that hypothetical situation and crimea is that there were russian troops present in crimea , and that they took control of it after maidan overthrew a crook who shot at his own people . 
  the vote was held days after with russians controling the place , at gun point . 
  the choice was joining russia or de facto independence . 
  no possibility of status quo . 
  svoboda has two ministers in the cabinet : agriculture , ecology and natural resources , and one vice premier . 
  minister of education is also far right , but as it happens , the president of ukraine 's biggest university , so he is qualified for the job . 
  he 's not a member of svoboda . 
  it 's not about sharing a border , it 's about being on vlad 's bucket list . 
  poland feels threatened and wants to ensure usa will be dragged in the conflict , if one ever arises . 
  while i agree that european nato members should apply themselves , in this particular case us forces are needed . 
  nothing 's wrong with krak\u00f3w , warsaw is fine too . 
  i just meant big , sprawling cities , with all the infrastructure and other stuff that means . 
  size on the level of paris , istanbul , madrid , moscow etc. 
  i could n't be less from szczecin . 
  far southeast living in krakow . 
  czech religiosity , german organization , norwegian landscapes . 
  and a proper city or two . 
  there are many pro-russian comments , but it 's hard to tell if they are noise like the rest ( comments sections on polish news sites are real cesspits ) , or astroturfing . 
  i do n't see why would you get downvoted , that 's the truth . 
  it 's also the reason why poland 's western border is where it is . 
  and why putin wo n't let ukraine go ( how far is it from sumy or chernihiv to moscow ? ) . 
  pretty much all of russia 's wars and diplomacy on its western borders was 1 . 
  secure ports and 2 . 
  make the border safe from invasion , either by buffer states or just moving it westwards . 
  it was true in 1700 and it 's true now . 
  i would say it 's not about having an empire , it 's about being the loser in the first half of the last century . 
  germany lost two world wars , and as an effect of that , all of its colonies and a third of its territory . 
  france lost wwii , twice - first in 1940 , and then in 1944 as nazi collaborators . 
  they also held on tighter to their colonies than you guys did , and still lost them after fighting wars to keep them . 
  they also have no white dominion type countries they could relate to . 
  italians lost wwii and lost their colonies . 
  i 'd say it 's no coincidence that these countries were most interested in eu integration , at least when it began . 
  of course , there were other factors , but a big part of it was , this thing was their plan b. 
  so it 's not `` lol britain still thinks they have an empire '' , it 's that after the war , in 50s and 60s , some countries had to ask themselves `` wtf do we do next '' , while others dind ' t feel the need to do that . 
  these countries would be the likes of sweden , switzerland , norway ( they did lose the war , but have oil ) , iceland and , yes , the united kingdom . 
  article is not wrong , there is a czech minority in volhynia , they settled there in tsarist times , when bohemia was part of the habsburg monarchy, 
  wa\u0142\u0119sa has nothing on yeltsin , only glemp can compete . 
  ok , let 's entertain a thought . 
  here 's [ ida-viru county ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ida-viru_county ) . 
  around 150 thousand people live there , 70 % of them russians . 
  let 's say , after necessary preparations involving some provocations , harsh language from both sides , accusation of fascism , russians step in more or less like they did in crimea . 
  do you think usa , britain , germany or france will go to war over this ? 
  a war which can potentially go nuclear ? 
  no , they would n't wander aimlessly and starve , but they might start to think they 're being oppressed , in their home country , by people who are completely unreasonable and paranoid , like you : you 've just compared a sign on a store to russian occupation and repressions . 
  that is one serious case of national micropenis complex . 
  whatever the reason for drastic differences in russian data , these differences make the data useless as a proof for anything . 
  you posted it , as proof that your minority comes from recent ( i 'd argue over 100 years is not recent , but that 's just me ) immigration . 
  it 's not proof . 
  large numbers of one or another group is not why i am willing to trust german data . 
  the reasons are : it was not propaganda , because it was n't made public at the time . 
  germans were nationalistic , but their nationalism did n't touch this particular area , there was no push to invent a german minority there , or to annex the place . 
  they wanted to create a chain of puppet states from brest-litovsk gains , and for that it would be useful to see what exactly was the situation there , which is why they conducted a census - it was for internal use by the wilhelmine government and military . 
  i 'm rude , because i 've been told - twice in this thread , and actually a few times before - that the polish minority in your country immigrated there in years before , or during wwi , as a justification for discriminatory laws . 
  i do n't need to be a master of anything to consider absurd the notion of hundreds of thousands of people suddenly deciding to settle in a particular strip of land ( which also happened to be the most obvious place for proliferation of polish as lingua franca of sorts to occur ) , replacing the previous population within decades or maybe even years . 
  i actually do n't see the increase of poles there . 
  if i undesrstand correctly the page you linked ( and your interpretation of it ) , as of 1862 this area had 50 % lithuanians , 18 % poles and 17 % belarussians . 
  in the following 3 years , half of lithuanians left , and belarussians immigrated en masse ( 24 % lt , 17 % pl , 47 % blr ) , only to leave by 1883 , when there were only 20 % belarusians there , with 35 % lithuanians . 
  14 years later , however , belarusians were back , now 56 % of the total population , and most of the poles left ( 8 % ) do you really believe that ? 
  do they teach you this bullshit in schools ? 
  these censuses are completely unreliable . 
  even if they were , german census of 1916 ( which * is * reliable , as germans did n't conduct it to participate in a nationalistic dick measuring contest , they just conquered the place and wanted to know where they stand ) shows a polish majority in much of vilna governorate . 
  am i to believe hundreds of thousands poles migrated there between 1909 and 1916 ? 
  come on , surely you 're smarter than this . 
   most poles are from 19th/20th century , but not all . 
  care to explain the meaning of this sentence ? 
  you are implying `` polish emigrants '' live in lithuania , meanwhile the vast majority of the people in question are native . 
  oh , and if a woman is not fined for having a [ sign saying `` grocery store '' in polish , under lithuanian sign saying the same , on her own grocery store ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=n&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=pl&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.wilnoteka.lt%2fpl%2fartykul%2f14-liter-450-litow-na-poczatek ) , that will somehow spell the demise of your language ? 
  really ? 
  she should rather leave the country than be allowed to have a sign in her own language , on her own fucking property ? 
  you need a `` logical explanation '' as to why people should n't do that ? 
  e : replaced link to a picture with a link to a google translate of an actual article , pic included, 
  if the lithuanian laws are discriminatory ( and they are ) , then you should change them . 
  if you refuse to change them , and stick to `` do n't like it ? 
  gtfo '' , then poles are right to be unhappy . 
  in poland , which could easily hold a bigger grudge towards germans than the one you hold against us , any * gmina * with over 20 % germans can have german as a language in public offices and bilingual street signs . 
  the same goes for any other recognized minority , although only kashubians , belarusians and lithuanians are numerous and concentrated enough to qualify ( punskas has lithuanian street signs and lithuanian in public offices ) .
