   i may be wrong , but is n't prussia completely outside of the historical prussian borders ? 
  sort of . 
  it contains brandenburg which was the heartland of kingdom of prussia , but almost no part of the region which gave that kingdom its name . 
  or , if you count pomerelia as part of said region , it contains like 20 % of it . 
  baden at least borders the rhine . 
  prussia has no actual prussia in it . 
  native polish , decent english . 
  i am trying to learn german , as of now i can read spiegel / faz / s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung , or watch documentaries on youtube , but i get lost if people try to have a normal conversation with me . 
  i also understand the three east slavic languages in written form . 
  i do n't think it 's a viable state . 
  i do support it in principle , but it belonging to either albania or serbia ( that 's off the table now ) would be a better option ... 
  well it might be very hard for a native english speaker , but an objective statement `` x is the world 's hardest language / one of 10 hardest '' makes no sense . 
  learning any foreign language is difficult , but any classification will differ from person to person , depending on their native language ( s ) , already learned foreign languages , and personal strengths and preferences . 
  that does n't make it `` the world 's second hardest language '' . 
  also , it would still be easier than cantonese , japanese , arabic , tamil or xhosa . 
   polish is just second hardest language in the world . 
  every small country thinks their language super fucking hard . 
  in reality , people just do n't learn them because there 's no reason to . 
   whiterights in posting history i have a hypothesis . 
  i 'll have a powerpoint presentation about it up in 15 minutes . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'd get more points than sweden . 
  you have to know where and when to buy them . 
  most of them are terribe though , at least here in krak\u00f3w . 
  oh u szwagra , how low have you fallen ... 
  posh ? 
  not really . 
  but you can do what i described , that 's not crazy . 
  you ca n't do that with vodka . 
  blame ? 
  of course not . 
  you have every right to be angry at people 's ignorance . 
  i do n't think anything bad would happen to you here though . 
  not because of your nationality at least . 
  you lot should do some sort of awareness campaign . 
  romania is a pretty cool country . 
  there is no real reason for it to be universally hated . 
  hell , change the name . 
  speak for yourself . 
  every single decision britain made in that war regarding poland was perfectly understandable if you take into account the knowledge available to them . 
  mother/sister . 
  or better yet , the cat :d, 
  it means jews . 
  for some people it might mean israelis too , but the polish word for an israeli person is izraelczyk . 
  i do n't see how it 's a competition . 
  whiskey has taste , the whole point of vodka is to get drunk . 
  nobody sits in a chair with a glass of vodka , a pipe and a book ... 
  it 's not about reality , it 's about stereotypes and people 's perception of these countries . 
  i have to say , stereotypes about romania are pretty bad . 
  come to think of it ... 
  i live in krak\u00f3w , there 's a ton of tourists here . 
  romania is nearby and pretty big , and despite that i am yet to meet an actual romanian person in my town that i 'd know to be romanian . 
  i 've met people from every eu country here , but romania might as well not exist , other than the gypsies . 
  maybe that 's part of it ? 
  well it certainly does n't help . 
  the polish society in general is still very supportive towards ukraine though . 
  and they wear better funny hats than he did . 
  well , it 's muslim and dark-skinned . 
  there 's a post below explaining who is more likely to dislike a high number of nations , and that 's exactly what these people would n't like . 
  well that was to be expected ... 
  ethnic conflict over galicia and volhynia . 
  you 're counted under sweden . 
  [ it 's pretty much impossible to dislike you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hiirm.png ), 
  bear is no longer red . 
  it 's starting to look increasingly ... brown . 
  well , for one , nato member states feel threatened . 
  imo this whole situation is a disaster for russia . 
  a year ago there was a friendly president in kiev , both countries were close and support for nato membership in ukraine was around 15-20 % . 
  now it 's around 45 % . 
  putin may gain some political score in russia , russia may gain some land , but ukraine as a whole is lost to them . 
  can you imagine the ukrainians joining putin 's soviet reunion after this ? 
  napoleonic france , crimea ( well , they burned it ) . 
  i do n't know if it 'd work either , i just pointed out it 's not the same thing as the cohesion funds . 
  are the checkpoints between all oblasts/krais ? 
  seems inconvenient , those central russian oblasts are pretty small , comparable with our voivodships . 
  would n't it matter for things like genitive ? 
  i know it 's rarely used in common speach but you can see it in a newspaper . 
  cohesion funds are only available in poorer regions , this guy proposes an eu-wide stimulus package sort of like what fdr did in the us during the new deal . 
  i 'm not sure i 'd trust someone named * szczurek * though . 
  i 've been taught to assume countries to be neuter in german , unless they are one of the exceptions ( der irak , die t\u00fcrkei , die vereinigte staaten et al. 
  ) , and that they do n't get articles . 
  was that wrong ? 
  i just read that article . 
  so , dimitriy pyeskov , putin 's secretary , said that they did n't agree truce because russia is not a side in the conflict . 
  what they did agree was `` concrete steps which would contribute to a ceasefire between the militias and ukrainian forces in the south-east of the country '' . 
  you have it mostly right . 
  these funds in poland are being used to pay the current pensions . 
  they have been for a while now . 
  the thing is , you ca n't just stop doing that - it 's a huge amount of money that goes for retirement pensions every year , and these have to be paid . 
  not just to people on retirement right now , but also to people who will retire in near future : they 'll have no time to save up money if you change rules when they 're 50 . 
  you also ca n't introduce a new system and then have them both running at the same time . 
  if young people pay into the new one , the old one will go bankrupt . 
  poland had a reform in the late 90s , where a small part of the tax you 'd pay into the state-run system would be given to new private institutions . 
  the money missing in zus ( the national pension fund ) would be covered by the state budget . 
  as of 2013 , iirc ( ca n't find the pdf ) , the transfer of money to zus was around 50 % of total polish deficit - some of that would have been there without the reforem , as between inefficiency , bad demography and a significant gray economy zus is failing . 
  what tusk did was he took the money from these private institutions to save zus , and the polish budget , essentially cancelling the reform and ~ ~ admitting defeat . ~ ~ silly me , he admitted nothing . 
  it 's all fine . 
  the answer to that question is actually complicated . 
  usually it 's [ f ] , but go with what rolls off the tongue easiest . 
  e : downvotes ? 
  fine .
