  same reasons apply as in case of post communist countries to the west of ukraine . 
  also , while the wsj article seems to hyperbolize , it is in eu 's interest not to let russia vassalize the place . 
  yes . 
  as the article explains , azerbaijan wo n't sell them ( hardly surprising ) , and they 've got no infrastruture to import it from iran . 
  while such infrastructure can be built as iran and armenia are on rather good terms , it would take time and money which the armenians do not have . 
  therefore , russia is their only option . 
  the problem is , russia is using its monopolist position to force another country into a vassalage . 
  i would say because many poles are very pro-eu , mostly because of the money from the structural funds , and from agricultural policies , i think . 
  the uk is seen as opposing these things , especially the agriculture . 
  besides , the people who 'd be asked to vote in such a poll , would be the poles in poland , not britain . 
  61/68 , although i 've lost a point because it had to be nizhniy novgorod and i only tired nizhny or nizhnyi , i also remember typing helsinki , must have made a typo . 
  i knew it was around 1 million , so i just assumed it 's slightly below . 
   lgbt people do n't look a certain way oh i did n't mean that lgbt people are supposed to look in a specific way , but yeah , you can tell from the few photos that these are just people who were willing to walk around with rainbow flags for a few hryvnas . 
  let 's be serious . 
  it 's not an actual lgbt demostration , just look at the pictures , these people are ... hardly fabulous . 
  and the pro-eu crowd is discredited because they 're on one side with fags . 
  really . 
   these groups , equipped with sticks , * mein gott * , the horror !, 
  sure , wyborcza has its biases , but compared to the media on the other side of the barbed wire , high voltage fence we built for ourselves they look like paragons of journalist ethics . 
  indeed , wyborcza can be described as controversial in poland , since opinions on it can range from what i 've just said through what you to a deranged conspiracy babble . 
  that does n't mean you should discard a voice just because the guy speaking out has ties to it . 
  oh , i 'm sure onr thugs just ca n't prevent onr thugs from realizing onr thugs ' wet dream on a march organized by onr thugs . 
  [ ruch narodowy ] ( http://ruchnarodowy.org/ ) is an organization founded by members of two nationalistic groups ( onr / national radical camp , and all-polish youth ) after the success of their first `` independence march '' , which they organized . 
  the monday march was ran by a foundation composed of , among others , members of both groups . 
  on their site there 's a thank you note in big , red capitals which translates to :  we thank everyone for participation in the march !, 
  it was another step towards rebuilding of great , catholic poland , where there 'll be no place for promoting of deviations and pathologies / homosexuality / . 
  every small victory over the leftist world view , and destroying them in the city / * sic * / is a great step forward !, 
  hail great poland !, 
  i know most people who went there are not like this , but seriously , this kind of people should not be legitimized by their presence . 
  and they are . 
  should i lock myself in a cellar for beieving gay people have a right to breathe ? 
  or that beating up a teenager with piercing and an emo haircut so that his face is covered in blood ( i saw it myslef yesterday ) for no good reason is a little bit too much ? 
  how deep does the cellar need to be for me not to offend great catholic poland with my filthy `` bolshevik '' presence ? 
  yeah , the rainbow thing they burnt attacked a bunch of bald shitstains in jumpsuits with celtic cross tattoos . 
  bald shitstains responded with matches . 
  `` south slavic '' includes bulgarian , fyromese and slovenian too . 
  just wait a bit , it 's getting smaller and smaller . 
  schengen has nothing to do with people from eastern europe ( or any other part of the eu for that matter ) coming to work in ireland or elswehere in the eu . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://img.sadistic.pl/pics/d89852e9a457.jpg ) . 
  the one thing it lacks is some sort of cross or pope statue ( the one true pope , of course ) . 
  e : just noticed there is a cross , so this is officially the most polish picture ever , containing : - a cross - hookers - a traffic enforcement camera - lech wa\u0142\u0119sa - who holds a bag from biedronka , a cheap retail store - a member of municipal police - a birch tree - a road sign warning the road 's in a bad state . 
   he 's completely clueless . 
  that 's laughable . 
  all the points you made , he 's fully aware of them - just read anything by him , or watch a vid on youtube . 
  it does n't change his point . 
  why would someone caring about environment be against fusion power ? 
  seems bizarre to me . 
  i remember reading news about a lithuanian reality show where they removed bilingual street signs , on a large commercial tv channel . 
  felt like something from a parallel universe . 
  if tvn or polsat aird that kind of garbage here ( they never would , of course ) , the shitstorm would be visible form orbit . 
  i always try to understand the other side , but come on . 
  e : here 's an [ article ] ( http://wiadomosci.onet.pl/swiat/kocham-litwe-zrywaja-polskie-tabliczki/1zfjq ) , and here 's the [ show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ksohprzhee8#t=100 ) . 
  what about dropbears ? 
  i hear they are really vicious . 
  is this genuine ? 
  wow , this thread . 
  impressive . 
  well it 's certainly not * the * national conspiracy theory , but i do know a few people who think that . 
  by silesians i mean people who indentify as such , ra\u015a et al. 
  saw the same map months ago . 
  also , dat tirol sticking out . 
  my ocd hurts . 
  we pay a fee for `` skating with the stars '' and soap operas . 
  i 'd be happy to swap for some of your cuddly reindeer footage . 
  doctor who merchandise is easily available there . 
   it 's really wrong that the people who earn so little has to pay income tax agreed . 
  well my choice would be to revert the pis reform from 2006 and return to a two threshold system , not necessarily with the exact same thresholds and tax rates but they 're not gon na do that . 
  i 'm afraid they 'll go for vat because that 's the easiest way , and glorious hungary has a 27 % vat rate . 
  it 'll hurt the poor the most , but they showed in 2005-2007 that this social-ish rhethoric is just that , words . 
  if skoks were ponzi schemes they 'd have their asses handed to them a long time ago by po . 
  there 's two relevant numbers here . 
  if you pay an income tax in poland , the formula is : ( yearly income ) x18 % -556.02 z\u0142 for income below 85.5 k a year , and then 32 % from the rest . 
  if you raise the tax free threshold , everybody who pays an income tax will pay less , not just the poorest people . 
  not that it 's a bad thing , especially since the poorest people would benefit the most , and need it the most . 
  it 's actually serbia dude . 
  everyone knows it 's serbia . 
  no problem . 
  it 's not two plurals , it 's a rule about how numbers connect to nouns : after 2 , 3 and 4 ( and all other numbers ending with these , like 22 , 23 , 24 ) the plural nominative case is used , and after the rest , includig 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 21 , 31 etc the genitive case is used . 
  there is actually a few words which do have two plural forms , it 's some of the ones that naturally come in pairs : eyes ( sing . 
  genitive oczu or ocz\u00f3w ) , ears ( sing . 
  the second form i listed is a vestige of the old dual number . 
  they already surrendered , in 1939 . 
  the occupation was ongoing for almost five years , and nearing its end . 
  germany lost the war . 
  to say the choice was between `` surrender '' and sending unarmed people against the german army , and to then call anyone who disagrees with doing the latter a `` disgrace '' is , frankly , disgusting . 
   they have 2 plurals how do we have two plurals ? 
  it 's magenta -  gay people . 
  why would you downvote someone for just asking a question ? 
  `` social darwinism '' and `` scientific racism '' at the heart of the nazi ideology are pseudoscience . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/2yf8qo/baffling_nazi_school_map_claiming_all_major/ ) a nice , more specific example . 
  read the top comment . 
  of course we would . 
  huh . 
  in poland there are myths about czech language , and one of them is that the czech word for squirrel is * nadrevni kocur * , which would translate to * treecat * . 
  i was sad when i found out it 's not true . 
  omg bergen < 3 awesome nature , tolerable temperatures in summer , lots of rain . 
  you are almost perfect , if only you had proper winters with -20 temperatures . 
   slovenia  balkan i hope your butt is pitchfork resistant , op . 
  or did you purposefully post this when they 're all asleep so you have time to hide in mexico ? 
  clever .
