  but yeah , they 're an embarrassment . 
  one of the candidates thinks poland should try to get some . 
  i doubt you 'd vote for her if you knew more . 
  it is possible that the strongest left candidate is around 4 % but not for lack of lefty voters . 
  i 'm one and i 'll probably vote for komorowski . 
  yes . 
  most of those right wing candidates are from tiny parties that just ca n't get along , the left in poland is much smaller and much more united , although the postcommunists no longer have the monopoly . 
  for a long while it was pretty much just them , the polish labor party ( true believers in socialism , no support ) , and the occasional secessionists from the postcommunist party sld ( again , no real support ) . 
  out of five elections we had since 1990 , two were won by a left wing candidate . 
  i thought it 's too late when i posted the thread . 
  i mean , the election is on sunday but the campaign has been in progress for weeks now and there were no threads about it . 
  that 's german discipline . 
  yes , possibly better . 
  also , the big cyc one posted in this thread . 
  poland : [ kazik - cztery pokoje ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnhrzgldeve ) ... and [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaf82wi2pfk ) , obviously . 
  club vandersexxx . 
  dangerous russian agent detected . 
  ... til . 
  never change , america . 
  that show is amazing . 
  no , the title effectively said `` in this man 's lifetime '' . 
  i had around 1 liter of small polish coins . 
  i put them in an old stretched sock to see if they 'd be a good blunt weapon . 
  they were , i definitely wound n't like to get hit in the face with that . 
  then i brought them to a convenience store next to my flat ( without the sock ) , which constantly lacked small coins and they were happy to take them . 
  and we put hot dogs in pizza crust . 
  [ it would obviously be called * cesky vychodek * . 
  no it 's not , it just uses some glagloitic letters which the greeks did n't have , like \u0428 . 
  the core of the script is derived from greek . 
  a scandal ? 
  it 's hilarious , but hardly a scandal . 
  should we have a parliamentary commission to investigate ? 
  is n't ukraine wrong ? 
  i 've seen this a couple times , and it always seemed wrong . 
  i checked wikipedia and it says it 's wrong . 
  ( more of it is greek-catholic than depicted , according to wikipedia in ternopil oblast it 's the single biggest denomination , larger than the main orthodox varieties combined , and ivano-frankivsk oblast has more greek catholics than ternopil ), 
  yes , the comparisons are ridiculous . 
  there 's actually no good place on the polish side to compare it to , i think g\u00f3rowo i\u0142aweckie might be the closest in terms of population ( it 's still over 4k vs 2.5 k ) , function ( both are not the seats of their county-level administrative units ) , and level of destruction in the war . 
  it 's still in a way better state than that poor town . 
  i like how anime-girl-atat\u00fcrk is pictured with a greenboard teaching the latin alphabet . 
  that 's a nice touch . 
  good . 
  now go stalk bears in forests . 
  a few high res pictures may give us the proof we need . 
  was n't there a similar story a few months back ? 
  what 's german for los pollos hermanos ? 
  the term `` ruthenian '' can refer to many things . 
  in this case , it 's about an [ ethnic group in the carpathians . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/carpathian_ruthenia ) , aka rusyns . 
  bloodraven can . 
  i did . 
  i had conversations about how humans `` did not evolve from monkeys '' , and about how bacteria do n't really exist . 
  furthermore , the latter guy 's mother - and he was 27 at the time , so we 're not talking about children here - was a doctor and * she told him that * . 
  admittedly , they were short conversations . 
  i have no patience for such things, 
  i hear they also eat puppies . 
  is that true ? 
  terrible people , those russians . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  the cult that took hold in this country is a scary thing . 
  it 's my pet peeve . 
  have an upvote , good sir . 
  if it 's the main station the sign should say that . 
  otherwise , the resulting * ordnungsdefizit * may cause nausea , headaches , confusion , vomiting and even death . 
  it is known . 
   those who actually know something about politics vote either for korwin or some smaller leftist parties . 
  that would be you , i guess . 
  fool . 
  the bushes are jews . 
  there is no contradiction here . 
  they live in the part of poland that used to belong to the gdl , so neither i guess . 
  so , the map uses vertical and horizontal lines to show what people do with their c 's when their before e or i. 
  why does it only explain part of andalusia and the canaries ? 
  what about the rest of spain ? 
  tvn was never german , it was always owned by iti - walter and wejchert families , until its sale to scripps . 
  i do n't need to prove that 80 % of media in poland is not german-owned , you and the other guy made the claim , so the burden of proof is on you . 
  however , a functioning pair of eyes and some grey matter is enough to see that germans own no tv channels to speak of , one out of 3 big radio networks ( rmf , zet , eska ) , one out of 9 news weeklies ( newsweek , go\u015b\u0107 niedzielny , polityka , w sieci , do rzeczy , gazeta polska , wprost , przegl\u0105d , tygodnik powszechny ) , one countrywide daily newspaper ( fakt ) , which happens to be a tabloid so it 's not really in the same category as rzeczpospolita , gw , dziennik , or gazeta polska codziennie ( none of which are german ) ; and a bunch of local or specialized titles like przegl\u0105d sportowy . 
  that 's not 80 % , even if some of those are big . 
  there are other sources of the infographic , if you wanted you could find them . 
  but you care about facts only if it fits your agenda . 
  so , it reeks of tinfoil , and as i 've just shown it 's you who does n't care about the facts , just their agenda . 
  this meme exists as a way to undermine criticism of pis government as foreign inspired and thus illegitimate . 
  that 's an amazing example of how dumb this is . 
  tvn is not german-owned 2 . 
  this is not 80 % of media in poland , not even close 3 . 
  `` dangerous germans own zumi.pl , motogratka.pl , and \u015awiat kobiety , run for the hills ! '', 
  we all know german companies own some of the media in poland . 
  it 's not 80 % , not even close . 
  also , gazeta prawna is called dziennik gazeta prawna , and is owned 51 % by infor and 49 % by axel springer , so , * not * german controlled . 
   80 % of the private media in poland are german controll did you know that this is bullshit ? 
  yes , that would be drinking vodka and beating your wife . 
  or cat if no wife . 
  you already have 20cm birds that lay 14cm eggs . 
  ca n't have it all bro . 
  sultan . 
   i agree with you in the theory , however truth was that it only looked like it was competition . 
  at the end , people and activist from governing party were choosen . 
  agreed . 
  now , pis has this whole anti-corruption thing going on . 
  the idea of chosing high ranked civil servants this way is clearly sound , why not use their power to fix that , instead of sanctioning nepotism and corruption , because that 's what this is ?
