how is it at all comparable ? 
  guantanamo bay is a tiny piece of land , taken by the us 100 years ago , in a different age when such actions were not unusual , and kept to this day because it is useful . 
  crimea was taken this year , and its population is bigger than that of new mexico . 
  come on . 
  it 's does n't influence them . 
  the people who live there now are not descended from the people living there 150 years ago . 
  orban is many things , but not a corporatist nutter . 
  not in poland . 
  well , maybe as a nickname , rarely ( i did hear wroc\u0142aw referred to as breslau a few times , ca n't recall anyone calling gda\u0144sk danzig ) . 
  there are people who call gdansk danzig outside of poland though , obviously . 
  [ it 's a ghostbusters reference . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o3zokdmorj0 ), 
  so i went downstairs , and i saw my two dogs and my cat were sleeping together . 
  i asked them wtf do they think they 're doing and the dachshund was like : `` no rules anymore , man . 
  no rules . '', 
  i thought we were talking about pomerania the duchy , the part poles call western pomerania . 
  the ordensstaat never owned it , other than lauenburg and b\u00fctow , sort of . 
  you are mostly correct . 
  ostsiedlung took place quite early , but there were still significant pockets of slavs until the reformation , particularly in the east around s\u0142upsk / stolp , and minorities elsewhere . 
  the last of these pockets ( very minor by then ) were deported beyond the oder after wwii . 
  ireland , here 's what you got ta do . 
  step 1 . conquer london step 2 . rename to derrylondon step 3 . my ocd is satisfied and i can get some sleep . 
  it is , unless there is another language significant to the region , then it is prioritized . 
  [ 19 popular russian channels , including ntv , rossiya 1 , pervyi , ren and sts . 
  ] ( http://kaban.tv/ ), 
   they blast russia for being imperialistic while openly taking the side of a much bigger and more sinister empire . 
  have some fucking perspective . 
  see ? 
  the sith really do run kiev these days !, 
  putin must protect his brethren from the tyranny of the dark side . 
  it does n't repeat itself , it rhymes . 
  it 's similar across eastern europe . 
  in poland it 's like $ 2.30 per hour ( actually , it 's $ 404/month ) , before taxes and only if you have a contract , which many people do n't have . 
  wtf is wrong with these people . 
  i know . 
  conservative enough to elect the right wing , who will then demonstrate just how deranged they are , and lose elections after one or two terms . 
  i 'd wager it will change in 6 or 10 years . 
  why are you asking me ? 
  that they ( or rather the liberals and secularists among them ) should call islam on its shit more , instead of giving it a pass because it 's a different culture ( or for other reasons ) . 
  guess so , but i do n't think that 's true . 
  91 % would be the figure for all cases of female genital mutilation in egypt , not just the more extreme cases . 
  also , he did n't say americans should stop criticising what they dislike about thier country , in fact that 's what his show is often about ( i watch it sometimes ) . 
   what about dogs fucking on the streets ? 
  they should be incarcerated . 
  speak for yourself , fog of europe was very interesting . 
  ... which is why they do n't want to join tomorrow . 
  they want to apply for membership in 6 years , which means they 'd join in 2030 at the earliest . 
  that 's a lot of time . 
  i rewatched it recently . 
  it 's corny as fuck . 
  1997 [ kiler ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0127626/ ) well , it 's not the best polish movie ever made , but it is funny , and it might be my favorite . 
  90s poland . 
  jerzy kiler , an average joe warsaw taxi driver , is captured and accused of being the dangerous assassin known only as * kiler * ( sic ) . 
  he is then freed by tracksuit-clad mobster 's men . 
  tracksuit-clad mobster and corrupt politician both want him to kill the other . 
  when it comes to more demanding stuff , kie\u015blowski 's [ decalogue ] ( http://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/great-movie-the-decalogue-1988 ) mentioned in this thread is really good . 
  nope , their language is considered to have belonged to a family containing the mentioned raetic and etruscan , and the language used on the greek isle of lemnos . 
  any further relations are pretty much impossible to prove because of how little material there actually is , but there are a few hypotheses . 
   the common misconception that celts were some sort of germanic tribe . 
  that 's a common misconception ? 
  hungarians are ( relatively ) recent , and finns and estonians also arrived after indo-europeans . 
  basque is the only remaining language related to ( since it obviously had to change over time ) the languages that were spoken in europe before celts , germanics , greeks et al.appeared in europe . 
  we know of a few more in historical times ( etruscan in modern tuscany , raetian in the alps of present day bavaria and tirol , minoan in crete , tartessian in spain and more ) , but they are all extinct . 
  that 's better than linear a , which is what i wrote in . 
  one can read cuneiform . 
  i never said i do n't like it . 
  the best thing here is the salt mine though . 
  yeah guys , paris has nothing on krak\u00f3w . 
  between 3426 shitty stripclubs , over 9000 people trying to talk you into going to the shitty stripclubs , a nearby former death camp , and some old buildings , krak\u00f3w is the real cultural super-weight . 
  source : i live in krak\u00f3w . 
  well , he looks fatter than i do . 
  also , it 's not that it 's expensive . 
  it 's either expensive , or time consuming , or tastes like cloth , at least to someone who obviously has a problem with sweet/fatty/whatever food . 
  although you 're mostly right , i have to mention it 's not as easy as buying healthy food . 
  there is often an addiction you have to fight . 
  anything that triggers your brain 's reward system can make you addicted . 
  i quit smoking ( or at least i 'm on my way to quit : 165 days and counting ) , and i 'm trying to lose 25kg worth of fat . 
  i would definitely say the cravings i get for food - not just soda/sweets/fast food/potato chips , any food really - are comparable to what i felt for nicotine . 
  i only quit smoking because i could do it cold turkey , no patches or e-cigs worked , and neither did limiting myself to 5 a day . 
  you ca n't do that with food . 
  ... something something chuchich\u00e4schtli ... 
  you have no idea what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  thanks for the link . 
  actually i meant wroc\u0142aw , but yeah , that too . 
  well , i just checked the site of ra\u015a ( member party from silesia ) , and there 's no mention of entirety of silesia . 
  just the upper part . 
  not that i care all that much , it 's just that the topic is mildly interesting and sadly it seems that they took this stuff out of thin air . 
   whole silesia not really , i do n't think there are separatists who demand that . 
  oh please . 
  that 's like comparing bland polish cuisine with rich , tasty , english tikka masala ... 
  as a member of the glorious white race i feel safer having such brave defenders . 
  our `` patriots '' at least do n't make an active effort to look like retards . 
  well , they sort of do with the `` patriotic t-shirts '' fad , but that 's still nothing compared to this nugget . 
  well , we 're gon na have the same thing here in a few years ... 
  [ that the female body `` has ways to shut down pregnancy '' if it 's `` legitimate rape '' . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_and_pregnancy_controversies_in_united_states_elections,_2012#todd_akin ) so , birth control . 
  the guy was a congressman ... 
  that would be one hell of a canton ... 
  i meant prussia the region , so ostpreu\u00dfen . 
  well , it does have pomerelia , so there 's that .
