i should point out for those who doesnt speak swedish that he is the spectator on the swedish side . 
  edit ; xpost from / r/sweden, 
  but why would they invade kosovo and butch ** every ** albanian ? 
  yeah , obviously the weather is n't ranking amongst southern europe , but it 's warm for being scandinavia, 
  you ca n't really get that much of insightfull information , can you ? 
  but that 's racist * / s *, 
  non access to oil drilling, 
  can we just stop with these fucking mega posts holy shit, 
  racist . 
  or swedennorfin, 
  * loading downvote-rifle *, 
  fuck the retarded megathread . 
  exactly , nationalism is what creates differences between people , instead of uniting them . 
  thats not very , um , descriptive at all , it can be described in better ways . 
  yes  why ? 
  because we kicked danish butt . 
  because its obviously a problem which affects all people of this sub-reddit and he want to adress that to everyone , i for example had no clue, 
  can sweden into independence ? 
  go and fly your paper airplanes instead then , as it seems like you dont know how to use any other . 
  agreed, 
  from now and on : tyskj\u00e4vel is a thing . 
  * cough * jas gripen * cough *, 
  ofcourse it is propaganda , no reason to deny it . 
  but there is worse and there is better probaganda i suppose . 
  [ sweden right now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hidtz63.png ), 
  you know this is a propaganda video , right ? 
  i am sure that most of russia is n't covered in dung and piss , 
   at least we are n't welcoming in rapists and murderers yes you are , every country is , although not at the scale of sweden and germany . 
  and no one is a rapist untill proven guilty , and a lot of these people never get the chance to get justified . 
   progressively weakening our military to the point we could n't defend our country for 48 hours . 
  no country can withstand a full blown war in todays society . 
  the few engagements we see all over the world is nothing compared to actual war in its most agressive form . 
  edit ; nice that you had to remove your comment / u/doomsday11 , 
  where are you from ? 
  and what are you basing your statements on ? 
  and what do you compared with if you can say all this about sweden ? 
  but them sanctions doe, 
  then you have no real understanding of the situation, 
  seems to be doing better than yours, 
  no why would western media be mad about sweden taking a stance against russia ? 
  the incident does n't start by us shooting down their aircraft , it starts by them violating our airspace . 
  but thats turkish sources , i have seen reports from swedish media that the combat was over syria, 
  what is this passive-aggrissivity ? 
  although its not clear if turkey even sent any warning or if it was in turkish airspace , from what i have seen it was over syria . 
  no we would n't be punished for taking actions to defend our country ? 
  imagine if other countries such as sweden would give similar responses to violations of airspace, 
   terrorism come on , is n't this just simply sabotage ? 
  maybe because it was only one guy who made an unpopular post about weed that made them ban reddit . 
   what are they going to be doing for us in exchange a decreased influense of immigrants to the eu, 
  he can still represent his thoughts on the matter while being right . 
  could you please stop trolling this subreddit, 
  well argument could be made that since they already got to our borders it would be less humane to send them back to their home countries . 
  so if the eu stopped them when they should have , we would n't have to make that decision, 
  one thing might lead to another , such as sanctions from the whole eu once again, 
  do n't you want your own country to stand up for what he has done ? 
  no it 's not , it would be stupid letting them pay the smugglers to transport them, 
  why ? 
  you are like a prime example of how the average american thinks . 
   like what ? 
  him murdering more innocent people ? 
  how many more innocent people have to die before you 're convinced ? 
  we do what we have always done ? 
  we let a psychiatrist perform tests and judge from the results it will give . 
   this guy had already been cleared by a psychiatric evaluation i am aware , and i am talking about how we should handle death penalty as a whole  i 'm glad i live somewhere where we actually have an interest in protecting innocent people form violent criminals , unlike you guys . 
  we swedes have learnt to not seperate people from society , it will only make the situation worse . 
  for example : people might already be suffering from mental illness but might be aware if it . 
  instead of solving the problem as good as you can to the greatest extent , the individual will instead isolate itself making it more likely to become a greater psychopath that might actually kill someone . 
  all this happends because you choose to zone out people who are in need of help because they know that if they happen to be different , they will no longer be a part of your society and they will lose the only reason they have to not kill someone . 
  this is the case in many other situations aswell , not just people with mental illness  when someone ruthlessly murders a woman and her child and feels no remorse , you reserve all of your sympathy for the murderer . 
  we all know that its horrible and disgusting . 
  but everyone deserves to be treated to the best and fullest capacity and to the greatest extent . 
  if it is not possible then its a completely different story . 
  i want to make it clear that judging someone over something without being rational about it , and actually know everything about what happened is very bad edit ;  not because of our treatment of violent criminals . 
  i 'm glad i live somewhere where we actually have an interest in protecting innocent people form violent criminals , unlike you guys i also want to point out that there are ridiculously many people in your prisons that serve unrightful prison time because you send people to prison based on their ethnicity . 
  god knows how many people are serving prisontime just because they had a joint in their pocket or wrongfully got harrassed by an officer because they are black , which later got them sent to jail . 
  your system in the us is a joke, 
  yeah i agree with you , its just that i want to argue for both sides to bring out the best of the discussion, 
  thats why we need to judge if its possible to at all rehabilitate the individual , i am not saying that we should carelessly send them out again either . 
  what you are saying has a very good point . 
  then there must be clear and obvious evidence that the subject can not be integrated back into society . 
  and it should also be clear that the subject is not suffering from a mental illness it can not do anything about . 
  we should n't kill people because they have mental illness . 
  by carelessly sending people to death just because you are not willing to treat them , you will end up losing the one thing that makes us human . 
  the thinking you americans have about convicts are truly functional as we can see how the average prison looks like in your country . 
  what are you on about ? 
  stick to the subject , russia is going full retard , so we should punish them by giving them less economic and political influense , not fucking invade them, 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  russias geopolitical situation has lately been ridiculous , and that should be punished . 
  might also give them a second chance at life . 
  there should always be a rehabilitation process and a judgement of the process of the state of the individual to first of all see if the person is suitable for a life in our society , if not , then he should be living in an environment suitable for the individual , such as a mental hospital or whatever . 
  its not naive believing you can change a person from what they have done . 
  however , it is naive to believe that locking them in till they die will solve anything, 
  because lifetime in sweden is around 14-24-ish years , and he was also given deportation in the sentence aswell, 
  you speak as if the politicians are different from us normal people , i do n't think you understand that politicians and us people are the same people . 
  you think its `` us vs them '' which is untrue , you have all the possibilities to actually change the goverment and the political situation in your country . 
  you are not oppressed what so ever when it comes to create your own political parties , joining other parties and share your own opinion in any matter . 
  it is people like you who are the result of how your education failed to learn you political awareness edit ; if the politicians , the political system and the people of charge are so wrong , why cant you just start adressing that problem since it 's so obvious ? 
   but clearly the politicians are the ones who created those conditions that is incorrect , it is the average svensson , we swedes brought this up upon ourself for not being tougher against the goverment, 
  no it would n't, 
  not really any significant trade over any other nation,
