yes , you completely understand my plight !, 
  i also imagine the different laws have something to do with it . 
  in the us you can sell anything as food as long as consumption does n't kill you . 
  i 'm still wary around czech people of vietnamese descent after they sold me a bootlegged copy of golden sun : the lost age that would n't save :'( . 
  did finish the game without turning off my gba though . 
  seems like a controversial right wing thing to do . 
  our right wing idiot , geer wilders , incited a chant for less moroccans and went as far as to send stickers stating that ` muhammed is a thief/the koran is poison ' to the saudi government . 
  why not do it like the western european monarchies ? 
  you could have a tsar that acts as a symbol , but with very little to no political power , whilst a democratically chosen government takes care of the nitty gritty . 
  men in the netherlands generally do n't . 
  well , as long as we hand in our phone records . 
  my spanish coworkers were shocked that the netherlands holds 16m people in an area about the size of extremadura . 
  and my ... uuuugh ... axe !, 
  so same shit diff country ? 
  do you really believe that i believe to speak for all of europe ? 
  this discussion is n't really constructive . 
  i 'm off to prepare for king 's night , have a good one . 
  that 's because it 's heavily implied that i mean ` some ' obviously the ` people of europe ' are a very diverse group with different opinions . 
  as for me , i would love for more direct democracy in big decisions in order to better attune policy to what the people in the eu want , rather than just wat the eu feels is ` best ' . 
  that entirely depends . 
  we are a lot of different cultures , its not a bad thing if we dont agree on issues . 
  if we could get a less hateful version of him , sure . 
  except you share the same freedom of speech and i dont claim to be your voice . 
  treaty of lisbon anyone ? 
  if we want to trade , we can still have a trade agreement . 
  i dont really care for a bunch of pissants in brussels to decide how we should live our lives . 
  not exactly relevant since they dont account for the economic growth the eu wasnt responsible for . 
  my main concern is countries not having a final say on eu legislation . 
  its apparently ok for weed to be in a pegally grey area here , but downloading copyrighted material had to be made illegal on a very short notice and without any debate because it is obviously evil in the eyes of the lobbyists . 
  also the democratic rape that was the eu constitution . 
  i am not . 
  and she has never been harassed here . 
  i just brought it up because its relevant to the article . 
  maybe dont get so defensive . 
  its not like every polish person is like this . 
  hard to say shareholders who have dollar signs for eyes when they look at cheaper american goods produced with lower standards, 
  honestly , if that ever were to happen i might as well move to china . 
  you are also completely missing the point about countries . 
  people have different languages , cultures and values . 
  forcing the german ones on everyone is a huge mistake . 
  why couldnt we have seperate legislation and still work together on these ? 
  well he does , and for me . 
  i agres with that sentiment . 
  funny , the far right party in my country supports their rights , they just hate islam . 
  so what do we do ? 
  death camps ? 
  or do we give them a similar deal to wasila hachi and pay them to move to the us and support trump ? 
  yay , even more legislation we dont agree with forced up our bum . 
  we didnt consent to the eu constitution , or the legislation to make downloading copyrighted software illegal without a debate on its merrits . 
  we also dont consent to the ukraine treat but that is getting raped through anyway . 
  honestly i would love to get back some independance but apparently that will just result in dividing the country , and foreign politicians scaremongering . 
  they will be fine . 
  trust me . 
  honestly , i would rather have a tweety with china . 
  just like the eu constitution ? 
  the eu has recently pushed for legislation where they dont need consent to install ttip , and cou tries that want to get rid of it cant do so for 3 years . 
  had a classmate of surinam/indian descent who went there for the erasmus program . 
  she got harassed as well in poland . 
  it sucks . 
  can the netherlands get in on that ? 
  meanwhile dutch comedian hans teeuwen recalls from his sexual encounter that erdogan is hung , but a selfish lover . 
  people in the netherlands dont really hate the turks in my experience . 
  its the moroccan minority that is despised due to bad apples . 
  that said , people dont feel too good about dutch turks supporting erdogans fascism . 
  greek economy is still terrible , still a lot of corruption and now the refugee shit . 
  italian coworker said italy currently also has a lot of problems to deal with . 
  all politicians in favour of the treaty encouraged people to take it seriously and vote . 
  those people who didnt want to vote handed the no voters the win on a silver platter . 
  now we have a nebulous group of 68 % of which some were too lazy to vote , others didnt care about the referendum and didnt vote and a bunch wanted to vote yes , but decided to throw away their right to be represented in this issue . 
  do you seriously believe that ? 
  honestly , why didnt you vote if you were passionate about the treaty ( or passionate against the rejection ? ), 
  now you have only indicated you either dont care , or dont want your vote to matter . 
  then the eu better come up with a better treaty that doesnt llook like a moneysink with no clearly indicated goals . 
  she will if a bunch of your headmates have publicly stated their intent to bang her . 
  at least this was te rationale for some no voters . 
  several eu officials stated intent to have ukraine join . 
  if they were given the same treaty we would also ship a bunch of guns their way to help with the peace , as well as just sink in some money while countries like greece and italy are still a mess . 
  honestly i mean it . 
  i dont bear any ill will against ukraine . 
  i just dont think that the association parts of the treaty were well put together . 
  i think financial aid is great , but we should try and fix countries like greece and italy before adopting ukraine . 
  the visa free travel would probably just cause a brain drain like it did in other eastern european countries . 
  i also dont see how the military part will help the situation . 
  so in short , when the government asks me if i want the treaty , i didnt really have any reason to say yes . 
  if you feel differently , i would be very interested in your opinion and why you think it would benefit ukraine . . 
  the next referendum will surely fail . 
  at least if the ` strategic ' voters have learned their lesson and all vote in favour the next time . 
  we will have to see what happens next time . 
  all the pro eu people have learned that staying home masturbating doesnt work . 
  if they want to oppose the anti eu voters , they have to crush them at the votin stations . 
  thats how a unanimous decision works . 
  thank all the people who stayed at home instead of voting . 
  what results were you hoping to vet out of the treaty ? 
  for me it was all the promised aid . 
  a lot of it didnt come with clear achieveable goals and it nust seemed like the eu wants to adopt another moneysink when countries like greece and italy still need a lot of help . 
  dutch no voter here . 
  what parts of the treaty did you really want to see in effect ? 
  they decided they didnt consent . 
  now we will see what happens next . 
  dont worry , the no voters will probably get shafted in the end for their troubles anyway .
