  still , all those ` strategic ' voters happily handed the no voters the win . 
  if you dont play democracy you are doomed to lose . 
  it isnt , honestly i dont think it is tied to either position . 
  as for the dutch parties that supported the no vote , they were 2 leftist and 1 right wing party . 
  there was plenty of information available . 
  in the end its the voters responsibility to be educated . 
  because ukrainians are friends , not food . 
  actually germans have found a new recipe for syrian bratwurst . 
  i do n't think it should be closed . 
  i never said that the people who go to the mosque do n't have the right to reconsider where they practice their faith . 
  if they no longer feel comfortable there , they are more than welcome to find a new place . 
  that first example reminded me of my secondary school . 
  one of the english teachers , an immigrant who was from a very conservative rural area of canada , commented on how she thinks gays are wrong , homosexuality is an illness and how they should seek help . 
  tfw students tried to raise awareness about the issue , and the gay principal just said that it 's her opinion and she 's entitled to it . 
  still , i do n't think a church should be closed , even if a preacher has these kinds of views . 
  just get rid of the extremist , and continue business as usual . 
  unless the entire place is rooted in extremist hate . 
  brings charity , sprituality and community ? 
  brings charity , sprituality and community ? 
  so the rule of an organisation having to be dissolved if a member of management is an extremist should only be applied to churches ? 
  soo if your boss were to make such a comment , would that be vrounds enough to fire everyone and dissolve the company ? 
  she is danish , not from california . 
  she was american as well :(, 
  cant wait for thesw chips machines to become common . 
  you gave me an idea . 
  i will make such vending machines with boerenkool ( kale ) and put them all over california . 
  i will earn a fortune off of those hipsters . 
  i think i prefer ` uit de muur ' over vending machines though . 
  i would n't mind moving to japan . 
  everything is covered in grass ? 
  the fact that downloading copyrighted material is no longer ` tolerated ' the eu is also the reason the government is n't able to legalise weed . 
  might we also be able to persuade you to trade us the town of westvleteren for dutch limburg ? 
  they wo n't if trump gets elected . 
  if they go to the east and commit atrocities , they will still be punished for those . 
  if , however , they are just young people swept up into a completely misguided movement , you can maybe turn them into moderates and rehabilitate instead of punish for making a mistake / listening to the wrong people . 
  it seemed kind of weird that where i live ( western overijssel ) was marked as a german dialect area . 
  pretty much everyone in the surrounding area speaks either abn or a city dialect ( which do n't sound very german ) . 
  it 's definitely not as radical as the us belt . 
  just a region with a relatively high amount of protestants . 
  only certain small villages can get really xenophobic . 
  yes . 
  reaches from zealand to around zwolle . 
  kinda around the edge of where the roman empire border used to be . 
  tbf that usually happens because of the history of the uk and us . 
  slave culture did n't exist within the european netherlands , so imho it 's unfair to judge it by someone else 's standards . 
  if you have swastikas that are not related to nazism why would that be a problem ? 
  there are countries in south asia that still display swastikas . 
  tbf there are many different interpretations . 
  i always interpreted them as a mythical separate race , similar to the smurfs . 
  probably because both have a small group of gimmicky named individuals supplemented with a large group of homogenous unnamed members . 
  zwarte piet was first mentioned in the late 19th . 
  he really became a thing after ww2 iirc . 
  tbh our part in the antlantic slave trade was not that big compared to the other countries . 
  still inexcusable . 
  the zwarte pieten debate can die out if it were up to me though . 
  jesus do these people not understand that we do n't care how loud you can yell ? 
  i live in a bible belt town of just 30k . 
  even here it 's 10 % . 
  i think that title only applies to native australians . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm assuming people will pick up on the fact that i 'm only talking about european russia , which is where the majority of the population lives . 
  pssh some of those are still white . 
  i imagine russia is whiter than countries like poland where you 'll still get strange looks in probably any city but warsaw . 
  germans were friendly as well untill they were right up in the sudetenland . 
  czechs can get their lebensraum elsewhere . 
  bloody yiffyaffs . 
  calling on my dutch bros , czech republic is currently occupying our flag . 
  time to take back the ~ ~ sudetenland ~ ~ space . 
  a character from pokemon sun and moon . 
  much like the egypt thing , those games like mentioning how olivia is single . 
  nah you figure it out in advance and just tick the right box when you go out . 
  you also can just vote for the party instead of looking up every person . 
  they also want to destroy banks apparently . 
  thanks . 
  autocorrect ducks me up . 
  they have the best names , like sjoerd sjoerdsma . 
  in addition to / u/xbettel 's summary , there 's also the changes in the party leadership . 
  halsema was great , then sap took over and thanks to some drama the party lost support . 
  now the jessias is in charge and blatantly copied his image from obama and trudeau in order to appeal to a more mainstream audience and especially the youths . 
  were they skinny cow 7 years or fat cow 7 years ? 
  hijacking this comment to let you guys know olivia is single . 
  fair enough . 
  my main point i guess i wanted to say going in is that i do n't feel the anti eastern european sentiment applied the the czechs as was stated earlier in the thread . 
  again , if you want a nexit , or really want to stick it to the mena immigrants , it 's the only big party that shares your views . 
  while other parties now do too to some extend , it 's blatantly clear they did this as a response to the pvv popularity . 
  the pvv is the only party that represents those opinions clearly in parliament , so if that 's your cup of tea , you 're going to end up at pvv . 
  instructions unclear , not from holland , also not a deer , voted pvv . 
  i 'd disagree . 
  i do n't think there are any bad views on the czech people , mainly because there is n't that much migration from that country to the netherlands compared to other eastern european countries . 
  polish people are also being viewed in a much more popular light nowadays . 
  i work with several polish migrants who are great people and colleagues and are trying hard to integrate . 
  a lot of flak goes to countries like bulgaria and romania though due to involvement in ( un ) organised crime . 
  i 'd still think they are viewed more positively than mena immigrants who turn to crime because those are often associated with sexual assault and rape whereas eastern european criminals tend to perpetrate regular assault , theft of electronics/vehicles and intimidation . 
  citations badly needed , i know , but this is the overall picture most dutch people get from the media and what subsequently influences opinions . 
  they get the votes because they already have the seats . 
  if a nexit and tossing out economic migrants is important to you , the pvv is the only big party who shares those viewpoints . 
  you could vote for the other parties but that would just be splitting the power . 
  they were also mildly shocked at the fact that i 'm baptised ( became an atheist shortly after primary school ) . 
  since baptism to them means promising to god that you 'll do everything within your power to make your kids good christians . 
  to my parents it was just a neat celebration as well as giving into pressure from my mother 's parents who wanted it done .
