  edit : i agree we will not close it completely but we will take in far far less . 
  yes because it was already said . 
  would you expect different actions from politcians ? 
  like they would openly say : sorry i was wrong . 
   if germany had n't started the retarded `` all are welcome '' campaign i do n't think anyone here is disagreeing with that . 
  if you think about that it is crazy how one rash sentence makes everything that much worse . 
  i think what will happen now is . 
  germany closes its borders . 
  austria will do the same soon after and the countrys with outer borders are left with the problem . 
  i just hope they allow them to keep them out as well or handle them as good as they can and do n't start to act all high and mighty again . 
  as were the other like 10 countries they crossed before reaching germany ? 
  his statement is ridiculous , as is your argument against it . 
  i sometimes think as well , but than i wonderif some organisation is able to control the world how can they be so stupid that they run everything into a wall ? 
  good for you that shutting down the comment section is the latest trick . 
  in germany the comment section is shut down on every article involving race for years . 
  we will see what happens in the next elections . 
  germany is not as supportive of this as it seems . 
  sadly i think the media manipulation will work as they still have another 2 years before the election to tell you everyday what to believe . 
  i would not call it minor . 
  additionally they do n't even ask their own people if they want the `` refugees '' do n't expect them to ask other goverments . 
  i do n't disagree entirely but your standpoint is weird to me . 
  if all the countrys without outer borders like germany take 0 refugees is greece not a country that will suffer from that ? 
  we will provide them with eu citizenship so they can move to the uk :d, 
  true but than again i have never heard of asian causing to much trouble in a new country . 
  i do n't know about asia in general ( like chinese moving to japan ) but asian moving to europe never cause trouble either . 
  eastern europeans the same applys as before same value set . 
  also i think a diference between the us and europe ( i know that was not orginally what we talked about ) is that in the us you work or you die ( simplistic ) not the same in europe so i think that is also part that assimaltion is more diffcult . 
  as a steady job helps assimilation . 
  you can call it cherry picking but the thing here is they shared a considerable amount of values from the get go . 
  i think talking about large groups it pretty much comes down to how far away your values are in the beginning and there is a point where they are so far from each other that assimilation becomes impossible or lets say a loose loose situation for both sites . 
  i agree with what you said i even think the 3rd generation is pretty assimilated but looking at the number of immigrants now 3 generations is , way to long . 
  you have to admit , that since we are mostly talking about 3rd generation there are still not that many of them in jobs that require a unversity degree and or is lets say it releated . 
  you would think that by the 3rd generation they are pretty much on equal standing . 
  what i wanted to say is the welfare in germany does not give you a live as good as they think . 
  once here and seeing it with their own eyes they will run to sweden . 
  you mean they pay your rent + 300 something . 
  but that does not apply for refugees anyway . 
  in the current situation they are looking at 4-6month living in a gym with 200 other people and than moving into the worst parts of town . 
  so these parts get even worse since the amount of poor rises even farther . 
  bright future . 
  and before you mention it i know they do n't know that , still does not change the fact . 
  did n't you hear ? 
  everyone is welcome :d, 
  we already had more than 450k this year and it is not the end of the year . 
  how can the family reuions been taken into account ? 
  you misunderstood my comment entirely . 
  which is a huge problem . 
  i am against this immigration , but truthfully i could not even tell you how much of it is just fear . 
  that is because you hear no opinions against it from `` official sites '' or `` experts '' . 
  now that it has been going on like this for weeks , i even do n't believe anything official slightly against it anymore because i think that it is at least cooked somehow . 
  do n't know where you are from but it is the same in germany . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it is just the same as in pretty much any other issue . 
  all the other partys shout out even stupider statements . 
  in the greek crisis you had die linke and spd both basically say lets cut all the debt and give them money on top , spd even saying the ww2 reparations need to be checked again . 
  or afd saying kick them out of the eu and die . 
  in the end everyone chooses what seems to be the least shitty solution . 
  by now i am also sure that is merkels strategie , just sound a little bit less bad than the others . 
  if someone actually has a good solution that she can not top ignore the topic entirely until people forget . 
  actually it is the other way around . 
  germany as well , lets see how this goes . 
  i did not accuse you of not being involved ... 
  it is nice that you try to help people . 
  still i do n't see how that makes it right to say the eu does not want to take burden of the refugees . 
  the world is not a fair place and we will have to deal with it now . 
  that does not mean i find it right if someone from the country that helped causing the problem , blames us for not handling it good . 
  i hope you realise the us are to blame for a large part that this situation started . 
  now you point at the eu and say we can not handle the refugees you guys caused nice . 
  yes always the good old racist card , that wins you every argument does n't it ? 
   that 's an obvious fallacy and you know that . 
   if a company disables racial hatred in a comment thread that does n't automatically make the racial hatred justified or right . 
  it just means that the newsoutlet does n't want to be associated with racist morons . 
  that 's a fact . 
  they do n't disable racial hatred in comments . 
  they disable the comments all togheter . 
  but you sentence proves my point nicely . 
  since obviously everyone who will voice an opinion against the article will be a racist , let 's just not allow anyone to say anything against it . 
  also do n't write , thats a fact after your personal opinion ... that the refugees will benefit the country is wishful think and only that . 
  they will receive far more in benefits than they will ever pay in taxes . 
  it is not the 50s anymore were you actually get a job that provides for you and your family , because your body is fit . 
  they do n't speak the language will therefore not get any job . 
  once they are able to speak it somehow and they are lucky they get a low paying job and will most likley still receive welfare because the job pay is to low . 
  edit : to clarify normal immigration is a benefit to the country mainly because we actually choose the people and let mostly people in that have a nice skill set . 
  this is not the case this time . 
   `` so how do we benefit from that ? '', 
  would the average shortsighted egoist ask now . 
  well , that way we are actually closer to dealing with the actual problem . 
  social and economic issues in the countries these people are coming from are the core of the problem . 
  the far and the moderate right only care about the symptoms , but they entirely fail to comprehend the root of the issues we will be dealing with in the next century . 
  oh and it 's not just those `` damn muslims '' . 
  it 's a lack of education , it 's the dominant role of the western world and it 's the ignorance of the average citizen here that causes these issues ... because we do n't even care enough about who we sell weapons to and what our corporations in general pull off in those countries etc. 
  yes good point on how we will benefit from the refugees too shift to the awesome argument , but hey the world as a whole is shitty and unfair ... maybe you will grow into realism at some point and see that we will not be able to fix the whole world . 
  a country can only change if it wants to change from within . 
  any attempt from the outside usually make the situation way worse . 
  see iraq -  isis . 
  than please tell me these `` plenty of reasons '' . 
  the only reason is to help them because they have to fear for their live in the country they come from . 
  that is also fine and i have nothing against this . 
  the problem is about half of them are economical refugees . 
  they also have no interest in ever going back .
