well just to clarify this part was meant as a joke . 
   i for one support her leaving the country as she can not agree with the will of its people i still think she sometimes forgets that not everyone shares her views . 
  even if the majority still supports the refugees than it should not be a problem to ask them . 
  like i have no problem taking in the refugees from syria but only if it is actually made sure they are from syria . 
  right now i do n't have the feeling this checked pretty well . 
  i think if only the people from syria would be counted the total number would drop like 60 % . 
  it is called a joke . 
  yes , it is not her country . 
  it is ours all of the people living in germany . 
  she seems to have forgotten that . 
  i for one support her leaving the country as she can not agree with the will of its people . 
  nice picking half a sentence from my whole comment . 
   all these `` masses of nazis '' that are far below 5 % since npd never got beyond ? 
  i even said pretty much the same 1 sentence before the one you quoted . 
  my whole comment is about how it is a problem that there are no `` real conservative '' partys left as you call them . 
  yet your comment seems to be arguing against mine while trying to say the same . 
  also instead of finding legit reasons why that might be you argue that it is a goverment cospiracy to keep the people in check . 
  this is really a tough question and i think the answer depends on your own viewpoint . 
  like the csu that i would call middle right would most likley still be called left in the us . 
  i would say a party could be quite a bit further to the right from even the csu and still not be far right and i think in the eastern european countrys people would agree with that . 
  in germany i do n't think so . 
  people and media will call them far right which is the problem x_rocket_powered was talking about . 
  but this actually goes even deeper i think . 
  lets say there is a party right from the csu that is still not close to nazi ideology the lack of a real right party with any chance of getting into parlament ( more than 5 % of the votes in germany ) would ultimately lead to all the nazis joining that party . 
  though really becoming what people fear . 
  so in essence what i think happens in germany all the time is : the party that is the most to the right is branded as and might actually become a real nazi party leading to its destruction . 
  the end result is that nothing really right leaning is left to vote for . 
  eu should buy a few islands declear them whatever country and deport them all there . 
  send them food and medical supplys even house building material and than see what they do with the islands . 
  i mean i guess it would become an isis state or have an absolute dictator . 
  which than will somehow be europes fault again but oh well , we would have tried . 
  no , you have csu in bavaria . 
  it is not like you could vote a csu chancellor as they are pretty much viewed as the same party as cdu nation wide . 
  closes to voting for them nationwide is voting cdu which will mean merkel stays . 
  there really is no option that stance further to the right that is not labeled as far right . 
  maybe afd but their goals are anti eu and they all but self destructed anyway in the last weeks . 
  yeah , our media is still blaming hungary in every second article . 
  to bad they do n't have the luxury we have in `` closing '' our borders and let them stay in austria for a few weeks to give us time to prepare . 
  i am just waiting for articles that show the poor immigrants outside the border and blaming hungary fo not letting them all in at once . 
  for now . 
  i do n't even have to read the article to know merkel did not say this . 
  that is because it is not 100 % clear anymore at the moment what the public wants so merkel will not say a word . 
  once she is sure what the public favors she will speak in favor of it , as always . 
  i have serious doubt the quota would be bad for sweden . 
  you guys take in a lot of refugees already , i would think the quota would actually get sweden less immigrants . 
   but you always had to fear it , that 's the point . 
  apart from that , you 're more likely to get hurt or killed by a native german outside of a terroristic context anyway - the whole `` oh no , the dangers of islamic terrorism '' - phobia are the equivalent of taking the car because you heard about some horrible plane crash not really as in those cases both things have risks and i choose one depending on my opinion even if it actually has a higher risk . 
  while in this case with the terrorists the other risk is added to the one already there . 
  please revil the basis of your assumption . 
  what makes you think the number of refugees will be decrasing now ? 
  the only thing that points in that direction is that germany started border control again and that only pushes the problem to other countrys . 
  the situation will not magically get better on its own . 
  it might come as a suprise to you , but as a german my interest in being bombed at a train station or while shopping is really low . 
  i know it did not happen yet but even the fact that i have to fear it now is to much . 
  this dicussion is really stupid btw . 
  you are basically saying : it does not matter that isis terrorist are here because we already have nazis that do bad shit . 
  it also does not matter in the slightest which group is worse . 
  just because there is smeone worse does not make the other group ok . and it surely does not mean i do n't care if even more bad people join my country . 
  it was only the catalyst , but that is because people can now pretend to be syrians and europe can not send them away until proven otherwise . 
  if there is no legal claim to seek asylm in europe it would have been harder to get in . 
   you can point out that something is the right thing to do without guilt-tripping yeah i thought about what i wrote you are correct . 
  if this is true it is just another example how this crisis gets everyone from their moral high ground back into reality . 
  it is shitty from sweden and bad for finland but also shows how helpless everyone is . 
  being caught between problems they can not handle and their political correctness . 
  but there is no other argument to help the refugees that is the thing . 
  you either do it out of humanitarian reasons or not at all . 
  there is always these studies about how they will help your economy , but that only applys if you can cherry pick them . 
  if you just have to take in random people especially in large numbers they will not give your economy a net benefit . 
  no , this is not how it works in germany . 
  the partie decides who they want to run for chancellor not the voters . 
  cdu will choose merkel again . 
  that 's true but it seems this is a catch 22 . 
  at least in this case germans act as they do because of the ww2 history . 
  so bringing it up in an argument to stop germany from doing that will not help . 
  this is somewhat hilarious one comment in this thread says :  guilt seems to be a big part of the german psyche , and for no good reason for the bulk of modern germans and the post below is :  there goes germany again with its guilt tripping and bullying . 
  did germany show solidarity when they invaded poland at the start of ww2 ? 
  i wonder why the germans still have guilt issues ... ... because it feels like ww2 is brought up every damn time someone mentions germany in any context . 
  that is what happens if trends are measured by facebook posts and tweets . 
  all those refugee welcome meetings were trendy . 
  now the hype is gone as fast as it started and people start asking what do we do with them now ? 
  as none has an answer they realize that this was a shitty idea . 
  no opposition . 
  everyone else just shouts outs even more ridiculous statements . 
  alternatives at the moment are . 
  die linke ( completely left ) spd ( they would act even softer on the immigrants if that is possible ) or afd ( their endgoal is pretty much to leave the eu altogehter ) . 
  i still expect increasing votes for afd or a really far right party . 
  as those are the only ones that would set a hard course against immigration . 
  on the other hand starting wars in the middle east , that ultimatley lead to the creation of isis and this whole refugee situation is not good pr . 
   they need to work on their public relations . 
  says the american . 
  you have to admit , first saying we will take them all in , so making the problem even worse and than merly two weeks later realizing we can not do that . 
  that was really stupid . 
  you are not good at understanding text are you ? 
  why i think his statement is ridiculous is written in the sentence right above . 
  oh the problem is the numbers . 
  did you read the statements from the different `` bundesl\u00e4ndern '' ? 
  saarland and rheinland pfalz said things like : we try all we can just last week we took in 400 . 
  the otherone said we already took 700 . 
  we expect hundred thousands more and they say they already took 700 ... . we are talking 5000-10000 a week here . 
  you will see we are not able to handle it not at all .
