   more hospitals , schools , newer infrastructure , etc. 
  baghdad went from having 16-24 hours of electricity to only 8 . 
  semi-competent teachers and doctors were removed due to paul bremer 's de-baathificiation program ( as with china , you had to belong to the party fo get almost any government job ) and replaced by incompetent shia cronies . 
  funny , because the u.s. does almost no trade with russia and is basically unaffected , especially from the food imports . 
  the only sanction russia could implement that would actually affect the u.s. is to ban sales of the rd-180 rocket engine , and i actually wish he would ban these , because the u.s. company that uses these , ula , is gouging taxpayers and spacex can launch the same payloads for drastically cheaper . 
  you do realize that the police accepted bribes to look the other way , and even give the newspaper insider information ? 
  they were fully complicit in that scandal . 
  your fancy bourgeoisie words are incompatible with the proletarian art style of socialist realism . 
  off to the gulags with you !, 
  your thinking is antiquated . 
  i 'm a post-post-postmodernist . 
  russia : 3,280 active / 11,490 total u.s. 2,104 active / 7,315 total http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_states_with_nuclear_weapons#statistics_and_force_configuration in any case , the issue at hand is n't the total , it 's about who is expanding and increasing deployment of their arsenal . 
  you probably have a `` support the troops '' magnet on your car though . 
  mao was literally hunting all educated people under the `` burying of scholars '' program , same with pol pot . 
  they werent was n't leaving because they felt like it , they were identical to jews in nazi germany . 
  orban, 
  in putin russia , protection asks for you !, 
  i also like my one in response to russia saying the fighters , though in the army , were volunteers . 
  in putin russia , army volunteers you !, 
  what ? 
  intoxicants ca n't turn a non-rapist into a rapist . 
  50 states and one language vs. 28 states and 24 languages . 
  if the constituent eu countries had no values and only interests , the eu would be in for a bad time . 
  why did germany give up nuclear ? 
  germany always seems so smart and makes good decisions , and that one is really a head scratcher . 
  hitler tried to copy italian fascism , but the most odious component , his racial theories that led to the holocaust , were his own . 
  so yeah , he did pervert it . 
   while fascism created evil , it plainly set out goals that ( to our standards ) are evil . 
  i do n't think mussolini was worse than stalin . 
  fascism at it 's heart is just extreme nationalism . 
  it 's hitler 's eugenic racial component that made it truly evil . 
  here 's an example of the communism as inspired by lenin :  dictatorship is rule based directly upon force and unrestricted by any laws . 
  the revolutionary dictatorship of the proletariat is rule won and maintained by the use of violence by the proletariat against the bourgeoisie , rule that is unrestricted by any laws . 
  as quoted in the proletarian revolution and the renegade kautsky ( 1972 ) , p. 11 rule won and maintained by the use of violence ... unrestricted by any laws . 
  that was never going to turn out pretty , no matter how much people like to think that stalin betrayed leninism . 
  and apart from leninism , there 's really no form of marxism that anyone 's even tried to implement . 
  well , you can get a nissan leaf or chevy volt , they 're $ 28,000 and $ 35,000 respectively . 
  not sure about charging stations , but the volt has a gasoline turbine generator , that will generate it 's electricty from gas if you need to . 
  not sure if that 's a lot of money where you live , but here in the states it 's only about 1/3 more than a typical new economy car . 
  their competitors will be happy , reduced supply will drive up prices ( which in turn increases the incentive to enter the business ) . 
  anyone read the article recently about u.s. farmers being unhappy because of their bumper crop this year ? 
  or know about the history of government buying crops to either destroy of give them away , to help farmers by driving up prices ? 
  as a fan of history ... we 're pretty limited compared to you guys . 
  that goes for the entire immediate neighbourhood canada/mexico caribbean/south america . 
  there 's aztecs and stuff , but even those guys are younger than , say , oxford university . 
  yep , i doubt russia would have invaded ukraine when they could have easily launched a couple of nukes as moscow and saint petersberg . 
  esa does n't have any manned space capability either . 
  they did have an unmanned cargo spacecraft , it was retired this july , and they will build a small part of lockheed 's orion . 
  also , they have an agreement with sierra nevada that could likely lead to them building their craft ( basically a mini-shuttle ) for the esa . 
  if they do so soon the esa will probably have manned space capability roughly around the time the u.s. gets it , as spacex and boeing 's capsules are finished . 
  right now russia is the only one with a working manned spaceship , though you could stow away in the spacex cargo vessel and come back safely , some other living things in science experiments have . 
  you 're saying it would n't help if naples was n't controlled by camorristis ? 
  ( and the analogous situations in other cities ), 
  will this imbalance become greater if britain leaves the uk ? 
  the hypocrisy is that you claim to be a socialist , the typical definition of which includes increasing equality through transferring money from the rich to the poor . 
  and you 're defending a policy that 's transferring money from the poor to the rich . 
  a policy that 's stealing more money from the poorest part of the world than they get from aid , and giving it to the richest . 
  the bottom line is , that it does n't matter what ideological term we use for this policy , socialism or capitalism , in fact it 's better we not use them at all , because political terms are very good at obscuring facts . 
  these are simple subsidies and we know the simple facts about economic effect they 're having . 
   a european farmer can not compete with an african or an asian farmer . 
  it 's interesting that you 've never considered the perspective of the african/asian farmer . 
  the rich world subsidizes agriculture to a total of over $ 360 billion dollars per year . 
  at an absolute minimum , this is causing $ 50 billion dollars in direct losses , which is greater than the total quantity of developmental assistance . 
  i guess if a policy benefits starving africans , it 's `` market fundamentalism '' , if it benefits rich european farmers , it 's `` compassionate socialism '' . 
  it depends on what style you like . 
  the germans dominate the classical style with beethoven/mozart/haydn and baroque with bach , but the russians and french dominate the romantic style and of course ballets with tchaikovsky/stravinsky/rachmaninoff / and berlioz/debussy/ravel / satie my favorites are bach/beethoven and the lone pole , chopin . 
  poland can into classical !, 
  i imagine the west would offer to legitimize this them do this in exchange for not intervening in favor of russia . 
  they 'll hold a referendum on ownership of the ship . 
  crimea has immediately began persecuting gays and all ethnic minorities . 
  that was what was in store for the rest of ukraine under russian domination . 
  it could have been ready next year , but for many years congress repeatedly funded the program at less than half the needed level , meanwhile funding the corrupt boondoggle sls/orion at far above the levels that were requested . 
  farage is one of the most anti-iraq war british politicians . 
  murdoch has explicitly said that he instructed his news organizations to support the iraq war . 
  hungary is n't following enlightenment values . 
  these were your first two comments though, 
  a corporation reliant on the confidentiality of customer data hearing those words is going to reconsider doing business in the uk and instead consider ireland . 
  they do n't care what portfolio theresa may controls . 
  you 'd think such words would be spoken in private . 
  but they 're not , and it 's evidence of britain 's increasingly brazen disregard for privacy . 
  when a company leaves the uk and the uk only laments it 's lost opportunity to spy on the company and it 's customers , as with yahoo , that 's hostile . 
  anyway , at the moment this seems to be primarily effecting internet companies . 
  biotechs usually keep almost everything in house and do n't store as much confidential client data so for the moment they 'd be less effected by the degradation of privacy rights . 
  on the other hand , scotland would likely have an advantage in being like ireland and adopting a less hostile attitude towards tech . 
  remember when yahoo left , and theresa may was not at all concerned about jobs or money , but only lost spying opportunities ? 
  the internet privacy and censorship ( firewall ) environment are likely to continue to worsen in the uk while they improve in ireland/scotland . 
  scotland is the birthplace of adam smith , after all . 
  heh , it 's funny how all of the world 's dictators say they hate america , even the ones that are puppets of america . 
   the ussr in 1980-90 is n't comparable to nazi germany . 
   `` the stasi was much , much worse than the gestapo , if you consider only the oppression of its own people , '' according to simon wiesenthal of vienna , austria , a holocaust survivor who has been hunting nazi criminals for half a century . 
  `` the gestapo had 40,000 officials watching a country of 80 million , while the stasi employed 102,000 to control only 17 million . '', 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/internet_censorship_in_the_united_kingdom#criticism when the open rights group launched their independent checking tool in july 2014 it was discovered that 19 % of 100,000 popularly-visited websites were being blocked ( with significant variation between isps ) although the percentage of sites hosting legal pornographic material is thought to be around 4 % . 
  [ 32 ] examples of overblocked categories reported include : [ 33 ] sex education and advice on sexual health help with sex and pornography addiction support services for rape and domestic abuse child protection services [ 34 ] suicide prevention libraries parliament , government and politicians [ 35 ] drug advice, 
  you do see huge differences in other areas , for example , britain 's almost tyrannical internet policy , with privacy rights that actually manage to be worse than the u.s , and an internet firewall , something you expect to see illiberal regimes , not in western europe . 
  it 's gotten so bad that when yahoo left for ireland , theresa may 's first thought was n't the lost jobs , money or tech expertise britain would lose , but the lost spying opportunities . 
  in comparison ireland has an excellent privacy & censorship policy . 
  scotland secession would be a massive leap for internet freedom . 
  it 's also easier because america has nowhere near the utterly ridiculous number of historical sites that italy has . 
  the us constitution has an extremely rarely used amendment making this illegal domestically . 
  `` no soldier shall , in time of peace be quartered in any house , without the consent of the owner , nor in time of war , but in a manner to be prescribed by law . '',
