  interesting . 
  do you think spain might copy some of france 's other pro-women policies like their paternity laws ? 
  they 're not loopholes , they 're backdoors . 
  there 's no way the u.s. will act militarily in europe without the support of france and germany . 
  if there 's a disaster , it will be just as much , if not more , an eu one as a u.s. one . 
  i do n't think this will happen unless you see another iraq , a disastrous u.s. military action opposed by the major eu powers france and germany . 
  obama has been pretty deferential to them about recent actions . 
  a future republican may be slightly less so , but unlikely anything like bush 's unilateralism any time soon . 
  france sort of led in libya , and germany is becoming more hawkish than in the past , unprecedented supply weapons to the kurds . 
  yep , individual u.s. states do n't get to choose to pay lower taxes to finance the u.s. military . 
  except in denazification . 
  that 's because the public were told that saddam was partially responsible for 9/11 and wanted to attack the u.s. with wmd . 
  i 'd like to think that it would be harder to get away with such blatant lies today , i could be wrong though . 
  it would n't matter though , for another situation like putin invading crimea and admitting it . 
  sure , but how many would really be willing to give up some of their fabulous social benefits to make that happen ? 
  not many i presume . 
  just make sure you bring some garlic . 
  they 've also put their money where their mouth is , refusing access to turkish waters for any ship with papers saying `` russian crimea '' . 
  it 's important to note that the strength of their stance is in part due to russia 's abhorrent treatment of crimean tartar muslims . 
  from wikipedia : si vis pacem , para bellum is a latin adage translated as , `` if you want peace , prepare for war '' ( usually interpreted as meaning peace through strength -- a strong society being less likely to be attacked by enemies ) . 
  the adage was adapted from a statement found in book 3 of latin author publius flavius vegetius renatus 's tract de re militari ( 4th or 5th century ) , [ 1 ] although the idea it conveys is also present in earlier works , such as plato 's nomoi ( laws ) . 
  not to mention the allied g\u00e9n\u00e9ralissime , ferdinand foch , said this at the end of wwi : this is not a peace . 
  it is an armistice for twenty years '' . 
  he basically wanted to carve germany up among the allies and turn it into a colony , in order that it would never be a threat again . 
  on the other hand , woodrow wilson , who was largely responsible for the league of nations , basically wanted total reconciliation and lack of blame . 
  it 's likely that either course of action would have been better than the compromise chosen , the treaty of versailles , which both blamed germany for the war and left it with punishing debt , but was not strong enough to prevent their re-militarization . 
  of course , something like wilson 's course was later taken after wwii . 
   dictatorship is rule based directly upon force and unrestricted by any laws . 
  the revolutionary dictatorship of the proletariat is rule won and maintained by the use of violence by the proletariat against the bourgeoisie , rule that is unrestricted by any laws . 
  lenin , as quoted in the proletarian revolution and the renegade kautsky ( 1972 ) , p. 11, 
  plus , the communist parties in post-ussr states spend most of their time safeguarding the interests of the older retirees that formed and were the main voters for the party . 
  the young , not so much . 
  the only other well-known extreme ideology left being nazism . 
  is this anything like all those nsa spying last chances ? 
  i thought greece was one of the most pro-putin countries in europe ? 
  why not just completely segregate genders ? 
  that should be the threat . 
  but most basically , i think , is that europe is plenty rich , much of europe richer , than the u.s. . we can offer protection but we need to get something valuable in exchange . 
  there should be no free lunch . 
  you 'd want indians , chinese , south americans for this , not muslims, 
   our cold war history before that you also have the borgias and machiavelli and antipopes and shit . 
  and libro segreto / libro mastro, 
  you can actually get sufficient vitamin b12 from plants if the soil is fertilized with manure , but this is of course rarely the case with western food . 
  random bugs are n't going to significantly effect your protein intake . 
  cable costs most people $ 100 or more and is less convenient and accessible so i think there 's some price tolerance to using multiple services . 
  also amazon prime also gives you cheap fast delivery and other benefits, 
  while pediga is somewhat known and has some support , for the most part people did n't really knew or care about this guy . 
  this will make a martyr out of him , and all of these legal proceedings will basically give him a megaphone to express his views into the popular press . 
  any idiot can see this will backfire badly, 
  i 'm betting on ai, 
  i wonder if david cameron 's popularity has had any effect on this . 
  he made a real pig 's mouth out of trying to explain the panama account . 
  i do n't mind people who understand cico but choose to remain fat , it 's like how 99 % of smokers know they 're hurting themselves and will tell you to please never start smoking . 
  i do mind people that try and spread false ideas about genetics or chemicals , but it 's those trying to turn it into a feminist issue that bothers me the most . 
  are you female ? 
  in the states , the amount of shit thin and fit women openly get from jealous obese women is fucking unreal , you get called anorexic or manly constantly . 
  we do n't teach the basic fact that excess weight is the result of cico , this is a case where political correctness is even interfering with basic science . 
  cico needs to be drilled into people 's heads because blaming weight on genetics , chemicals or even ` unrealistic patriarchal standards ' has become the default . 
  in order to meet the nato treaty obligation minimum . 
  otherwise do not expect that other nato countries will honor their obligation to defend you . 
  we americans would be might pissed if a former president immediately went to work for a notoriously evil foreign bank immediately after his presidency was over . 
  i dunno if europeans revere his former office as much as americans traditionally do the presidency though ... 
  i 'm sure french guyana would totally be cool with this . 
  that 's what inflation is supposed to measure . 
  though it is often fundamentally flawed for this purpose because it does include things like housing and college which have been subjects of the largest price increases . 
  you 're golden if you got an education and bought a house decades ago when they were cheap , and it 's great you can buy clothes , computers and other consumer goods have improved/not budged much in price now , but if you got it recently you 're hurting . 
  people are downvoting you but their president just went to work for a foreign bank , the most powerful and notoriously evil one in existence . 
  this is n't fringe . 
  hillary is arguably the most mainstream democrat in the country , and she attacked trump last debate because he had said in the past that people should be paid based on performance rather than gender . 
  as if saying this should be considered self evidently sexist . 
  that is mainstream . 
  god knows what the radicals think . 
  germany will most likely do something which is effectively a bail out and call it the ` absolutely , completely , totally not a bailout ' . 
  if i recall correctly , lesbians actually have the highest rate . 
  germany is too big to fail . 
  greece failing is fine . 
  do n't know how it works in europe , but in the u.s. democrats constantly insult poor whites for fun . 
  such ad obama 's comment and laughter that they are ` bitterly clinging to guns and religion ' . 
  or hillary 's more recent ` basket of deplorables ' . 
  even if their economic policy may be better for them , some do n't want to vote for people who openly despise and ridicule them . 
  loss of national sovereignty given to corporations is entirely the purpose of these deals, 
  you 're attacking nationalism but not offering any alternative . 
  of course , we know what the progressives are offering . 
  postmodernism , deconstructionism , relativism . 
  an attack on the very existence of useful meaning or morality . 
  it would appear that is not particularly appealing to people . 
  perhaps try a more enlightenment-style , optimistic ideology on the possibility of improving the lot of mankind . 
  do n't be surprised if people feel nostalgic about their past history and decide they feel more comfort in their traditions than in postmodernism . 
   that 's what happens when you decide the 7th century is the pinnacle of human thought . 
  i do n't think this is really about the year ; progress is n't linear . 
  i mean , in many ways 3rd/4th century b.c. 
  hellenistic world sort of was the pinnacle of human thought with euclid , archimedes , eratosthenes , etc. 
  at least in pure spirit of learning , if perhaps not in the total accumulated knowledge as we have today . 
  i remember this sub throwing a fit at the suggesting of classifying the term `` polish death camp '' as hate speech , despite a multitude of countries having extensive laws against halocaust denial and other forms of hate speech . 
  of course i think it 's all ridiculous , but the targeting of poland by other is rather hypocritical . 
  i 'd be cool with that as long as you still had the mozart and beethoven, 
  difference between appearance and mannerism between men and women is the basis of attraction . 
  differences the left goes through extreme efforts to eliminate as they consider all of them to be sexist . 
  the left now even considers something as simple as opening the door for someone an offensive political gesture . 
  if there is now a financial motive for such hacks , expect more such hacks .
