  brexit is a massive political earthquake . 
  the establishment-type banks and such do n't like massive changes because it implies risk . 
  they are happy with the way things are so do n't like unnecessary change and fail to see any possibility of upside . 
  it 's like the converse of the supporters that brought hugo chavez to power . 
  their lives sucked pretty bad and did n't mind radical change because they could n't imagine things getting worse , even though that was a possibility , now actualized . 
   being racist is a hate crime i think you mean ` thought crime ' . 
  an even more nebulous concept than ` hate speech ' . 
  really the only founding father that rivals him as a polymath is ben franklin . 
  i mean , he made : ` the most magically magical of any magic square ever made by any magician ' . 
  ` http://www.math.wichita.edu/~richardson/franklin.html honestly you ca n't argue with that . 
  it 's probably a secret code to the illuminati 's cache . 
  yeah , but italy does n't have the luxury of geographic isolation that sweden does , right ? 
  in the u.s. it 's sometimes seen as a stereotypically russian name because boris badenov being the antagonist in the rocky and bullwinkle cartoon . 
  increasingly the recent illegals are from somewhere else in south america rather than mexico ; but most people would n't know to tell the difference . 
  there 's a cartoon in this somehow, 
  yeah , it 's well known that consumption taxes are more regressive but there are significant reasons why they are popular , and other taxation methods have different problems . 
  they 're simple to collect , impossible to avoid , can be used against health or environmental externalities like alcohol or gasoline . 
  when you tax something like income or corporate profits increasingly complex accounting methods are found to have no ` profit ' or ` income ' . 
  there 's no magic bullet . 
  if they deport them then this guy has to feel bad and mean . 
  if he gives them to the uk he gets to feel good and virtuous . 
  it was actually charles de gaulle that started it . 
  i really doubt it would do that , but it would certainly send a message to would-be muslim immigrants that the netherlands is not a welcoming place . 
  of course that could be achieved more easily by simply restricting muslim immigration . 
  you 're bringing up a very good point , albeit a controversial one . 
  such questions can and should be asked . 
  we should n't merely take it on faith that republicanism we have now is the best system ; in the u.s. we can see some of it 's flaws ; such as : 1 . 
  the corruption of elected officials affiliated with insurance companies , pharmaceuticals , hospitals , etc , has resulted in a disastrously expensive and bad medical system . 
  similarly with military contractors , etc. 
  but these are less visible to the average person . 
  the classic flaw of democracy as noted by the greeks , that is , the rise of mob mentality . 
  increasingly we are n't arguing about ideas , we 're arguing about identity . 
  feminism vs mra , black lives matter vs blue live matter . 
  * these things are becoming just a facade for a lobbying groups * for men , women , minorities , whites respectively . 
  this is not healthy for democracy or societal generally , when every interaction between a minority and white or man and woman becomes political . 
  monarchy eliminates that , of course , which is great . 
  however my personal preference is something like the roman principate . 
  that is , where the leader is there because of merit and who adopts his successor based on merit rather than birth ; and where citizenship and the legal rights of citizenship are placed in high importance . 
  * taharrush * - style mass sexual assault/rape is another good example which exploits this as well . 
  i chalk it down to the pre-islamic persia . 
  that is , iranians have a great civilization to look to that existed prior to islam just like the west did with greece/rome and christianity , during the renaissance . 
  where the greatness of the civilization was clearly not because of their religion . 
  arabs only have the caliphate established by mohammad to identify with . 
  problem being it is too deeply identified with religion that people will always think it was the religion that made it ` great ' . 
  interesting idea , makes sense especially for religions where the penalty for leaving is death . 
  what about poland ? 
  the constitution of pakistan explicitly states that ahmadis are not muslims and makes it illegal for them to call themselves muslims . 
  this is felt so strongly that they scratched the word ` muslim ' off of the gravestone of their only nobel prize winner in science . 
  still , the podemos economic policy that alfredo serrano has brought to venezuela , seems inadvisable . 
  as bad as things are , let 's not forget that they can get worse . 
  as far as i know , spaniards are not yet breaking into zoos to slaughter the animals for meat , leaving the head and bones . 
  the people that would go to venice are not necessarily the same people that would go to sweden . 
  i imagine paris and venice attract some of the worst , being for many people the first places they think of when thinking of ` romance ' or something . 
  it 's no mystery , man . 
  the media outlets , like nytimes or wapo , sell for cheap because on the face they 're unprofitable or losing money . 
  what that cost does not take into account though , is the huge value of their reputation and trust that is placed in these outlets by many that form opinions based on what they say . 
  that unaccounted-for value can then be used by turning these into lobbying/propaganda outlets on behalf of their business empires . 
  that is , running them at a small loss is nothing compared to the value that can be gained by , in essence , making stories in a sort of subtle advertisements . 
  i love this argument though . 
  as if the identical black sack worn across the middle east by conservative muslims will add diversity to european dress styles which are incredibly varied on the small local level . 
  the new york times is owned by a mexican , who is also the richest person in the world . 
  it 's unfortunate that this happened , but i am happy about the fact that the local corsicans fought back instead of simply submitting . 
  for some this is the only language they understand . 
  * si vis pacem , para bellum * does this area get a lot of foreign tourism ? 
  does he ever wear a crown ? 
  his point is about there are a large number of sociological reasons why it 's good to have people that are employed . 
  my grandfather during the depression got a job in the ccp sharpening tools for planting trees , but throughout his life he talked about this glowingly as he finally got self-esteem and his life turned around . 
  i 'd never imagine danes would have so much drama, 
  if ` hate speech ' were a term that was well-defined , i 'd then be able to determine if it met the definition . 
  makes sense when you 're hundreds of years old and ca n't get sunlight . 
  but it has some weird swedish name, 
  vitamin d supplement is cheap af, 
  i think the tide is turning , actually . 
  the new progressive mayor of london is beginning to implement some feminist requests against sexist advertising . 
  well in this place there was a specific thing that can be blamed and specific political action to be taken , namely , banning burkinis . 
  an unprompted pogrom might be different , might be seen as uncontrolled and bring in the army or something . 
  one of the issues with islamist terrorism in it 's current form for example is that even though it is ostensibly political it 's not really rational because there 's not actually any political action that could be done to stop it . 
  i only use charles babbage 's analytical engine . 
  centos is basically rhel and free . 
  christians are n't bound by mosaic law of the torah . 
  the worst thing jesus did was snap a whip at the money changers in the temple and curse a fig tree . 
  saudi arabia follows the same ideology as isis , and has been destroying holy sites in these cities for years because they are seen as idolatry . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/destruction_of_early_islamic_heritage_sites_in_saudi_arabia the only difference is that isis is willing to admit they want to take wahhabism to it 's logical conclusion and destroy all of them , while saudi arabia currently is not . 
  the party should have used that money that money to start or invest in a business owned by a progressive feminist ( assuming such a thing can be found ) . 
  they could promoted equality while actually profiting . 
  instead they gave a small gift of value to everyone holding swedish currency . 
  in other words , the capitalist patriarchy . 
  money , political power , height , strength , intelligence , they 're all just different forms of power , and if you do n't have any of them nobody will desire you . 
  i do n't think there 's any particular reason why money is less moral than the others . 
  it 's possible to be inherited to a greater extent than the others , but may also have been gained by one 's own will to a greater extent than the others . 
  if you have none of these forms of power , no women will want you , in any case . 
   seems common to be rebellious against establishment as college students do n't know how it works there , but in the u.s. 
  colleges are extremely progressive , including the teachers . 
  some of the clinton ones are pretty easy to identify because many times i have these long , super polished , cookie-cutter boilerplate comments that they repeat . 
  the people trolling for free or the russians are probably better at this than that . 
  this is actually called the ` hedonic treadmill ', 
  i think it 's a particularly anglosphere thing , but people get extremely paranoid whenever men have any interaction with children who are n't theirs . 
  men do n't become elementary school teachers because they do n't fancy being automatically assumed to be a pedo . 
  the wall looks like a stroke of genius though, 
  germany had a massive program of denazification,
