russia did n't learn the lesson from the fall of the ussr that modern wars between developed nations ( i 'm exempting the ones in terrorist shitholes ) are fought and won economically rather than with military force . 
  looks like china has , though . 
  they do have those cool churches that look like candyland, 
  russia has an economy the size of italy ... britain , france , and germany are all larger . 
  maybe we can get involved if the shit really hits the fan but you guys should really be taking the lead here . 
  u.s. posturing is only going to give putin more propaganda points and hurt european political support for sanctions and other actions against russia . 
  am i misunderstanding ? 
  victor orban seemed quite clear about his philosophy in his july 26 speech in which he says he wants to build an `` illiberal state '' , listing russia , turkey and china as examples of `` successful '' nations , `` none of which is liberal and some of which are n't even democracies . '' i mean , even the euroskeptics largely support liberal democracy ... 
  so , why the hell did the eu just sign a $ 28.2 billion partnership agreement with hungary , in addition to giving him $ 3.45 billion for rural development and $ 39m for fisheries ? 
  while at the same time nickel-and-diming the uk ? 
  these stikers are n't proletariat looking for a living wage . 
  they 're affluent people , such as pilots making 200k , taking advantage of their position in control of critical infrastructure to exact concessions . 
  in the u.s. the garbage truck drivers unions used to strike , even though they 've always received very high wages relative to how low-skill the job is . 
  then , municipalities started to privatize garbage collection , preventing strikes and being much cheaper for the city . 
  if you strike , you 'd better make sure your skills are hard to find replacements ... even then , that does n't mean you 're unassailable . 
  for example , the famous patco strike of airline pilots . 
  reagan literally fired all of the striking pilots , replacing them with military pilots and whatnot , and banned them from federal service for life ... ouch . 
  i suppose you 've never heard of a ` misnomer ' ? 
  another more accurate phrase american war of independence is commonly used though . 
  this does n't tell me anything other than that people are shit at producing estimates . 
  lots of polls show that people think nasa or foreign aid receive 20 % of the u.s. federal budget . 
  the english monarchy really was n't that oppressive , and certainly originally , they did n't even want freedom , they simply wanted representation in the english parliament . 
  the french and russian revolution had terrible grievances , and certainly started with good ideas , but went way too far . 
  they would have turned out better if the moderate girondists/menshivks won instead of the jacobins/bolsheviks . 
  another difference is that these revolutions were hijacked by single charismatic figures in robespierre and lenin , that became dictators . 
  george washington was the hero of the u.s. revolution , but he was n't political theorist , which was not controlled by a single individual but by a large group of people including ben franklin , thomas jefferson , madison , and the several authors of the federalist papers . 
  tom paine , the most radical u.s. founding father - so much so , that few attended his funeral , went to france to help the revolution , but narrowly escaped execution for being a `` reactionary '' another important point is that the u.s. war of independence was not , in fact , a revolution , but a secession , throwing off foreign rule , thus more similar to the post-ussr states than the russia or french revolutions . 
  this seems to be a similar conundrum to that of paying ransom payments to terrorists . 
  do n't give the payment/save the boats , and they die , but if you do , you only encourage more in the future , and financially aid smugglers/human traffickers and terrorists . 
  one difference is that people do n't choose to be taken hostage , while people do indeed choose to ride rickety boats . 
  out of 56 presidential elections , only 4 won the electoral college but lost the popular vote , amounting to 1 out of 14 . 
  it sucks when it happens , especially tragic for bush , but `` there 's no democracy there '' is an exaggeration . 
  and the roman salute/bellamy salute http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/roman_salute and armbands, 
  - the west is decadent and corrupt , never mind that russia has massive drug problems methadone and modern , scientific drug treatment programs are for the decadent west only . 
  russians can quit drugs with russiastronk, 
  the real issue is that russia refuses to use modern addiction treatments and programs , like methadone , that have been effectively used elsewhere , i think viewing them either as only for weak europeans rather than strong russians , or a conspiracy against russia . 
  as a result people resort to krokodil, 
  actually , the u.s. has been increasingly winning beer competitions due to the craft beer explosion . 
  ca n't argue with the older building thing though . 
  blair was far more of a neocon ideologue than bush , think his chicago speech compared to the 2000 presidential debates . 
  of ccourse , bush 's cabinet is another story , but i 'm just comparing the leaders . 
  poland , other eastern european countries , did pretty well with the shock doctrine . 
  i suspect the issue is more political than economic . 
  in russia there was the huge , powerful , soviet bureaucracy , and many of them became oligarchs and mafioso with stolen public assets , wheras the eastern european states , largely being rule externally , had less of this and thus a cleaner start . 
  well , you know this joke :  heaven is where the police are british , the chefs are italian , the mechanics are german , the lovers are french and it is all organized by the swiss . 
   hell is where the police are german , the chefs are british , the mechanics are french , the lovers are swiss , ** and it is all organized by the italians **, 
  it will increase demand for the this italian mozzarella because you wo n't be able to call things `` mozzarella '' unless it 's actually from this area of italy . 
  this abuse will expand massively if the u.s. adopts the eu 's trademark rules on the word mozzarella . 
  gold it is easy to recycle though , and maybe we can get some from mining asteroids . 
  the reason why gold is so expensive is mostly because it 's considered the traditional form of hard currency and investors use it as an inflation hedge . 
  it 's an arbitrary choice , but then again most currencies are based on nothing . 
  it wo n't help you very much in a zombie apocalypse though . 
  finns are n't a european people either . 
  diamonds can be grown easily in a lab . 
  industrial ones very cheaply , gemstone-quality ones for cheaper than the price of ones from the ground . 
  and lab ones are more suitable for scientific purposes due to their lack of imperfections . 
  those costs are pretty minor incidental costs compared to the value of the trees to the environment . 
  but if that 's really a concern , then a work-from-home job eliminates transportation costs , and also tools , if a computer-based one . 
  the point is n't that this single job would be the only available , obviously there would be many options . 
  the government can pay people to develop open source software . 
  that is , in fact , an idea i 've advocated for many times in the past . 
  same applies for open text books and course-ware , ect . 
  most rich governments already do something somewhat similar for basic science research . 
  this is a great idea , but it 's somewhat orthogonal to the subject of making sure people can make a living , because it does n't help low skilled people , most programmers could find a job elsewhere , even if they 'd rather be working on open source . 
  the planting trees , ect is for people who do n't have marketable skills to find a job and do n't want to or ca n't be trained . 
  but , why simply pay people to do nothing as long as they are physically and mentally capable of work ? 
  even the u.s. gives permanent assistance to the disabled . 
  better to offer training , create many low skilled government jobs such as planting trees and vegetation to help the environment and beautify the country , and thus let these people accomplish something valuable . 
  what correlation do you see between basic income and priorities like space exploration ? 
  unemployment can be reduced by the government creating jobs in this industry , and perhaps to educate people so they can get these jobs , but i do n't see how to basic income helps us do this , if anything it detracts by costing money that could otherwise be used there . 
  the low skilled manufacturing jobs that will be replaced by automation have already been outsourced to china and we are still very far away from the automation of service jobs , so since more automation will produce more high skilled jobs in the west i think for the west it will be a net benefit . 
  well , the more the economy improves the less attractive these parties become . 
  the socialist party currently controls france . 
  is n't france usually considered one of the most socialist countries in europe ? 
  he 's probably referring to the fact that meat ( particularly beef ) is bad for the environment because of the huge multiples of pounds of corn/soy needed to produce a pound of meat . 
  corn and soy both being human consumable foods . 
  wealth seems to be the main selection criteria , though . 
  china 's government is basically the collection of all the country 's richest people . 
  the us government are beggars by comparison . 
   the richest 70 members of china 's legislature added more to their wealth last year than the combined net worth of all 535 members of the u.s. congress , the president and his cabinet , and the nine supreme court justices . 
  fresh water is an very scarce resource , in many places water is `` fossil water '' being drained from aquifers , most others are at least beginning to reach the limits of what can be supplied by rivers . 
  this problem is going to become a very serious problem in less than two decades , much sooner than energy does . 
  much of europe takes the very smart step of levying heavy taxes on gasoline , aiming to reduce usage . 
  yet water in most of the world is not even sold at anything like a `` market '' price : it 's free or only sold at token prices , despite being a more urgent scarcity than fuels . 
  it 's also worth noting that the major user of water is agriculture , overall using about 80 % , industrial most of the rest , with municipal a relatively small amount . 
  agriculture tends to use very inefficient and antiquated irrigation systems , because there 's simply no incentive not to , certainly little incentive for the development for extremely low water use agriculture , like hydroponics/aeroponics . 
  gummersbach is a really cool name . 
  why is it ok to restrain it by preventing them from having data free from unfettered government access ? 
  prior to the sanctions implemented against iraq , it was one of the richest and most developed countries in the middle east . 
  most of that benefits since the invasion be attributed to the lifting of them . 
  take a look at how the rather incomplete sanctions on russia , even though only implemented by u.s. and europe , are causing instant , permanent devastation and you see how effective they are . 
  and , it may have been shitty in other respects , but it was undeniably a leader in women 's rights . 
  even maliki has been disgraceful in that regard . 
  many , many countries make the transition from brutal dictatorships to successful democracies . 
  look at south korea . 
  but rarely does it work when a country is invaded and forced . 
  the west is n't evil , the greedy neocons in control are . 
  as an american the thing that pissed me off most about the iraq war is that it cost 6 trillion dollars , that 's just an unfathomable amount . 
  do you have any idea what 1 trillion could do for africa ? 
  or the u.s ?
