  dna . 
  multiculturalism is an ultimately self-defeating ideology : it proposes that all cultures are equally valid , that all values are relativist and ultimately without meaning ; in this way it is part of the post-modernism which more explicitly rejects the possibility of objective reality , absolute truth , and rationality . 
  it is the degeneration of the basic idea of reason . 
  this ideology ultimately results in a basic tautology ; why should we not then reject postmodernism and multiculturalism as well ? 
  terrorism has an interesting effect ; seeing someone so forcefully seem to hate western values , culture , civilization may make some people wonder , hey , we have values ? 
  we have a culture ? 
  yup !, 
  there 's this little thing that we 've spent thousands of years building up . 
  and it has some value ( which is a real thing ) . 
  even if it is n't absolutely perfect , it is better than nothing . 
  multiculturalism is relativist : believing all cultures are equally valid . 
  i see this as nothing more than an intellectual cop-out and lack of fortitude , more postmodernist shite promoting the meaningless of everything . 
  clearly , some cultures are better than others . 
  race is of course an entirely separate thing from culture ; roman culture was strong but emperors of all races came from throughout the huge roman world , largely based on merit , but of course devoted to roman culture , which was strong enough to last 27 bc - 1453 ad, 
  it is good to understand the context of burke . 
  the french revolution , because it was so bloody and based on their abstract ideals , is widely considered to mark the end of the enlightenment and beginning of romanticism . 
  the enlightenment being , of course , the idea that humans , society , nature , etc. 
  can be improved with abstract ideas and concepts that are discovererable . 
  burke is famous for his opposition to the french revolution ( even though he grudgingly supported the american revolution , though wishing that britain had made them full citizens and the revolution not happened ) . 
  he clearly falls on the side of generally opposing the idea of the primacy of improving humanity through abstract ideas and sees a society , institutions , and people organically . 
  a good example is him defining what ` liberty ' is to him :   permit me then to continue our conversation , and to tell you what the freedom is that i love , and that to which i think all men entitled . 
  this is the more necessary , because , of all the loose terms in the world , liberty is the most indefinite . 
  it is not solitary , unconnected , individual , selfish liberty , as if every man was to regulate the whole of his conduct by his own will . 
  the liberty i mean is social freedom . 
  it is that state of things in which liberty is secured by the equality of restraint . 
  a constitution of things in which the liberty of no one man , and no body of men , and no number of men , can find means to trespass on the liberty of any person , or any description of persons , in the society . 
  this kind of liberty is , indeed , but another name for justice ; ascertained by wise laws , and secured by well-constructed institutions . 
  http://oll.libertyfund.org/quotes/473 of course , burke is most widely known as the ` father of conservatism ' . 
  he was of course conservative in the sense of being skeptical to changes aiming to remake society , such the french revolution . 
  he also criticized social contract theory , saying society is a :  a partnership not only between those who are living , but between those who are living , those who are dead , and those who are to be born, 
  japan and south korea are similarly safe but first-world rich . 
  utilitarianism is n't the only valid approach to moral philosophy , however . 
  in fact terror attacks in my opinion can be a good demonstration of the shortcoming of turning society into a purely mathematical consideration . 
  my sympathy lies more with edmund burke 's organic view of society and it 's institutions . 
  i think we define crazy too broadly . 
  unless they are schizophrenics who actually can not differentiate between right and wrong , i am not apt to consider them crazy , especially those of these attacks that were the result of considerable planning . 
  similarly , was n't the nice attack the day after hollande announced the end of the state of emergency ? 
  that can all gets pretty subjective though especially values , and law/justice . 
  for example , i would personally like to live under a more rightist-nationalist government , oppose western feminism , etc. 
  while others would not . 
  and every country has corruption , the question is how much does it effect you on a daily basis . 
  wage/cost of living is more objective . 
  wage is only half the story . 
  what is cost of luving ? 
  hard men make good times . 
  good times make weak men . 
  weak men make bad times . 
  bad times make hard men . 
  never thought of it that way but yeah , if you tolerate intolerance . 
  ultimately intolerance will win . 
  yeah that 's a tough one . 
  it 's a lot easier to form a political lobbying block in a city council for existing homeowners than potential homeowners . 
  dna testing is extremely cheap and easy today . 
  well , many western countries are collecting the dna of almost anyone convicted of practically any sort of crime now . 
  and you have non-citizen asylum seekers , many without papers , unaccompanied , do n't have the resources to do language tests and such , and they do n't have jobs or really any other attachments that can be used to locate them . 
  additionally dna is extremely useful , in particular , for finding rapists . 
  as you like i suppose . 
  because price is a factor of supply and demand . 
  attempts to control price such as rent control or ca proposition 13 have negative consequences that strongly outweigh their benefit . 
  on a similar note , things like subsidies for gasoline ( very common in a lot of poor countries ) are generally thought by economists to be a terrible idea and would be better to be replaced by a direct gift of money to citizens . 
  i 'm sure a dna test could differentiate to a rough extent , from say arab and pakistani, 
  that also means increases in the cost of living . 
  ask vancouverites who rent how it goes when you have increase in the cost of living without an increase in income . 
  renaissance humanism was a thing , as well . 
  a problem being that arabs do n't have a great pre-muslim civilization to look to for inspiration like italians did ; albeit persians do . 
  of course , relativists refuse to acknowledge that the actual differences between the quran and new testament that adherents take seriously results in the main differences between the two religions , preferring to blame any other possible factor as the reason for the difference in the actions of the two adherents in current times . 
  chechnya, 
  what about banning axes ? 
  in the west the way we understand religiosity as a internal spiritual matter is heavily shaped by christianity , which , at least on paper in the gospels , is extremely anti-political . 
  jesus told people to pray alone where only god can see . 
  the kingdom of god is within you . 
  tempted by satan to be a worldly king . 
  rode a donkey instead of a horse because of the political symbolism of horses . 
  ect . 
  however this paradigm does not quite apply for islam , mohammad was very unlike jesus and was a political leader and conqueror , who established state religious law , etc. 
  so when we say this terrorism is a political act , not a religious ones , that distinction does not apply in islam as it does in christianity . 
  i 'll never forgive them for women 's suffrage, 
  even the qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois ? 
  if only we were governed by small group of the very most intelligent elites - say , a ` committee of public safety ' or a ` central committee ' , or perhaps a ` central cultural revolution group ' , i think frankly we 'd be able to reshape and mold society into a perfect harmony , totally devoid of ignorance . 
  the eu probably could have prevented this if they had undertaken some reforms brexiters wanted rather than talking down to them . 
  madrid train bombings , london subway bombings, 
  people do n't think they will be the ones effected , until they are . 
  a new version of : ` do n't tax you , do n't tax me , tax that guy behind that tree ', 
  four legs good . 
  two legs bad . 
  as i understand it leave is a cultural nationalist , anti-immigrant movement and orban is like a model right-wing cultural nationalist , anti-immigrant leader . 
  so this is kind of a ` hey guys , * you know * i feel your pain with regards to the e.u. 
  but do n't do this . ', 
  this would n't work if sweden did this . 
  as an american who sympathizes with this political bent ( right-wing cultural nationalist ) i kinda feel this has swayed my hypothetical leave opinion . 
  this is an important point . 
  here in the u.s. we have a deluge of commentary that trump is hitler 2.0 . 
  and if he really is hitler 2.0 , violence is morally justified , is n't it ? 
  ( even if it may not make expedient political sense ) . 
  we have even had a large number of liberal outlets justify violence , or , in at least one case with the editor of vox , call for violence outright . 
  incidents like what happened in san jose seem to be getting worse . 
  it 's worrying . 
  but if we start seeing organized violence like that on right , that 's when shit will start to hit it ... 
  pepper spray would very bad to use in a packed crowd in an area with poor ventilation . 
  stun gun would probably be better .
