spanish work ethic is shit . 
  i 'm an american studying abroad in lisbon next year !, 
  super excited and this video just increases my excitement . 
  hope i can find a cute boy like him when i 'm there  . 
  as someone who has spent time in catalonia , fuck them , viva espana, 
  feels good to be a native english speaker . 
  i just find catalonian elitism nauseating . 
  but remember , i 'm american . 
  even though i 'm also texan , we 're indoctrinated from childhood to know that we 're always american and american first . 
  i just do n't understand your point of view unfortunately , regardless of history or how the government of spain functions . 
  get over it . 
  this, 
  thanks !!, 
  when will we know the results ? 
  lol you have very little knowledge of the film industry it seems . 
  of course part of production occurs over seas , that does n't change the fact that the studios producing and creating these are all american studios . 
  and lol chinese , innovators ??? 
  good luck with that baby . 
  https://hbr.org/2014/03/why-china-cant-innovate also the fact that a 4000 year old continent with 40 countries is getting stomped by one country that is 240 years old is just sad . 
  it 's not hyperbole , it 's reality . 
  no other country exports its music , television , and movies around the world at the scale we do . 
  like i said earlier , america is not perfect . 
  we have issues , like our current leadership . 
  but it 's a momentary slip and it does n't negate our dominance in the world . 
  but i find it funny that y' all europeans keep telling us to be more humble , when european elitism is noxious to say the least . 
  but dear god for someone who 's supposedly cultured and well traveled , your tendency in ignoring reality is concerning . 
  what has made america relevant ? 
  hmm one example . 
  just look at your username mister `` tinseltown '' , you do realize it 's an etonym for hollywood , the largest cultural exporter in the world . 
  look at you making assumptions about me , thinking i 'm monolingual when i 'm in fact bilingual . 
  that being said , the reason why many americans do n't learn a foreign language is because we do n't have to . 
  american english , emphasis on american , is the universal language of the world because of our absolute political , cultural , and economic dominance . 
  you can deny all you want , but you learned english because the us , not britain , made the language relevant in our world . 
  and our poverty is richer than the median income in many european countries . 
  https://mises.org/blog/poor-us-are-richer-middle-class-much-europe but maybe i can try to theorize what makes this country the best . 
  it might be the culture . 
  something about our culture drives innovation ; that 's why we 're the most influential country in the world . 
  that 's why you 're on an american website , why you 're using american software , and why you 're speaking an american language ( because let 's be real , the world is learning english because of the influence of the us , not the uk ) . 
  i 'm not denying that europeans have opportunities , but just looking at average salaries for doctors and lawyers in places like the uk , germany , and france , they really ca n't compare to the us . 
  i think the benefit of being a citizen of the richest and most powerful country in the world is the amount of opportunity it entails . 
  granted inequality exists , but if you 're a highly educated person ( like me ) who knows how to navigate the system , there 's a ton of room for upward mobility . 
  just among my similarly educated cohorts , making six figures in the us is much easier to do than in europe . 
  nothing wrong with the south . 
  austin , atlanta , houston , dallas , and miami are fantastic cities . 
  obviously the us is lacking in many respects , no doubt about it and the survey points it out . 
  the country is flawed in its leadership , its social services , its inequality , and many other aspects . 
  however , even with its flaws , it 's still the most influential , innovative , powerful , and important country in the world , bar none . 
  lol , the eu will cease to exist by next year , so this is irrelevant anyways . 
  lol at all the america haters here when everyone knows we 're still the greatest country in the world . 
  to be fair , ireland 's growth comes as a result of it being a tax haven , not necessarily because its economy is good . 
  britain portrays itself as an `` enlightened '' english speaking country compared to the us and it also has an extensive welfare system comparable to france . 
  still they went the xenophobic , nationalistic route with brexit . 
  france has been hurt even worse by islamic terrorism than britain , so it 's obvious which route this upcoming election is going towards . 
  listen i 'm not advocating for le pen to win , she 's absolutely awful and trump is absolutely terrible as well . 
  but denial that le pen has a chance is actually destructive because if the consensus is that she has no chance , liberals will sit out from voting because they think it 's pointless . 
  prior to the us election , the media was constantly blaring poll after poll showing how trump has zero chance of winning the election . 
  many democrats in the us sat out of voting for precisely this reason -- there was no urgency because the election already felt determined . 
  i just hope france does n't make the same mistake . 
  ca n't wait to come back here in a few months so we can finally dispel the myth that europeans are enlightened compared to americans when in reality , they are just as racist and xenophobic . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bradley_effect https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shy_tory_factor except apply that to le pen, 
  naive child , ignorance is bliss but reality is going to bit you in the ass in a few months . 
  it 's naive to underestimate how much xenophobia there is out there . 
  unfortunately , le pen is certainly the next president of france, 
  lol, 
  no but for real , sorry for being so rude in my initial comment . 
  i 've been to my fair share of polish weddings and i just meant to say that polish food is quite unappetizing . 
  but then again , when i think about polish food , i associate it with being extremely drunk at a polish wedding , having a terrible hangover the day over , eating polish food , then throwing it up . 
  u mad brah ? 
  polish food is disgusting, 
  you are making a baseless assumption that in america we do n't have affordable access to quality healthcare when it in fact does exist . 
  just gon na put my story out there as an example , obviously it 's not representative of the entire us population but it 's pretty pertinent . 
  i am a poor student with no money living in houston , texas . 
  houston is known to have some of the best health care facilities in the world , it 's called the texas medical center . 
  with obamacare , i 've had excellent insurance the past three years that has allowed me to see excellent doctors/specialists in state of the art hospitals , low copays , virtually no wait times , and i only pay $ 150 a month for my insurance . 
  without obama care , i 'd be paying $ 500 a month for the same insurance . 
  so you sir , fail to understand how our healthcare works . 
   quality is quality is superior , we have the best hospitals in the world . 
  it 's a stereotype that the us is one big suburban strip mall where you have to drive everywhere . 
  my point is , that even in the most suburban city in the country , you still have walkability and you do n't have to drive 10 miles to get to the store . 
  that 's not necessarily true . 
  i live in one of , if not , the most suburban city in the united states ( houston ) , and there are numerous stores less than a mile away from me . 
  no one has to drive 10 miles to get to a store here in houston . 
  canada , a country with zero identity and zero influence in the world wants to be a leader ... 
  `` red-skins '' ? 
  wow how unnecessary . 
  live in the us , does n't seem like a pakistani street festival everywhere you go, 
  mexicans in america do n't commit mass atrocities . 
  muslims in america do . 
  muslims in europe do . 
  big difference . 
  unfortunately , this is only the beginning of attacks in germany . 
  i suspect more terrorism next year in europe than in the us ... obviously the vast majority of muslims are good people but xenophobia is going to continue to rise which will alienate and divide even further , causing more terrorism . 
  something should be said about islamic culture that 's causing this , because other immigrant groups of different religious backgrounds are not committing atrocities to the scale of muslims . 
  more propaganda to fuel the fire that is a le pen presidency . 
  welcome to crazy town . 
  sincerely , america . 
  i dunno , integration seems to work in the us . 
  we have barrios and hoods but these places are more for first generation immigrants , by the second generation things get better . 
  i find it hard to believe that y' all cant make it work in europe . 
  i find it surprising that y' all find it so barbaric considering that the majority of my country is circumcised and not for religious reasons . .
