  i find it so funny that a catalan is saying this . 
  no doubt , europe has some great regional cuisine . 
  i 'm a particular fan of spanish food . 
  but it 's not debatable that america has the best food in the world just by the number of sheer options . 
  remember , we are an immigrant nation , so we have every single type of cuisine is available to us in some form . 
  texas in particular is quite amazing when it comes to food compared to the rest of the united states . 
   https://www.thrillist.com/eat/nation/every-state-ranked-by-its-food-drink http://www.travelandleisure.com/slideshows/americas-best-cities-for-foodies/20 http://www.swifty.com/lifestyle/10033/23-states-ranked-by-the-quality-of-their-food/#page=1, 
  yeah cause our food is so damn delicious, 
  but in texas we also have cajun cookin , breakfast tacos , insane bbq , every type of ethnic food possible , oh and innout :d . i usually end up staying in europe for months whenever i go , and the only thing i miss about america is the food , we got food on lockdown . 
  i mean to be honest most european food is pretty terrible so it 's nothing against poland specifically . 
  i think the sole exceptions are france , italy , greece and spain . 
  cousins are poles from chicago , can confirm polish food is terrible . 
  lol no , polish food is gross, 
  as an american studying abroad in portugal next year , * prays for parity * . 
  sevilla is meh . 
  do n't go in the middle of summer , the heat is brutal . 
   seem buddy boy , i know the difference . 
  of course hillary was not polling at 80 % , that would be impossible considering how divided my country is . 
  the point is that many news outlets had an 80 % + probability that hillary was going to win the election based on polling data . 
   show me a poll that showed clinton at 70 % . 
  pretty sure they were both hovering in the 40 's . 
  most major news outlets had election forecasts that showed clinton with a probability of over 80 % of winning the election based on polls . 
  your `` context '' sounds like you are sympathizing with the criminal . 
  there is never any excuse for crime . 
  i am chicano and i know that the world is estadounidense in spanish but in english that translates to united statesian and that makes zero sense, 
  lol no . 
  so then what 's the proper terminology for our people then ? 
  united statesian ? 
  yeah , no , we 're americans , end of discussion . 
  only us citizens are americans . 
  it 's ridiculous to call someone from colombia an american , it makes no sense . 
  it does n't matter if they 're from south america , they 're not americans . 
  lol europeans so bitter, 
  unwillingness ? 
  sorry but no . 
  europeans try to shove their moral elitism down americans ' throats any chance they get . 
  give me a break . 
  poor black people are an extreme outlier in our country . 
  their communities are plagued with violence and poverty , and they inflate statistics which give off the impression that the us is some sort of warzone when the reality is that the vast majority of the us is extremely safe . 
  the odds of being a random victim of violence in the us is low but euro smugness downplays that fact . 
  and even the guardian ca n't come up with a precise definition of `` mass shooting '' so your source is terrible . 
  moreover , you recently got a wave of refugees but you refuse to acknowledge that the us has way more immigrants/refugees than europe , yet we have yet to have a jihadist terrorist attack this year . 
  europe is doing a shit job at integrating migrants . 
  i severely doubt that you 've visited our country if you think north korea is safer to visit than the us . 
  if the us was some dangerous warzone , 70 million people would n't be visiting us each year . 
  in north korea , you get murdered by the government for stealing propaganda posters . 
   usa is probably more dangerous to visit . 
  spoken like someone who 's never been to the us . 
  absolutely disgusting, 
  she clearly said she was against it and voted against it . 
  i have no idea how you can argue it was a calculated move . 
  can we just stop painting her as a mastermind when all she is is an actual bigot . 
  for how progressive and tolerant germans claim to be , they sure are late on this issue . 
  is that skyline supposed to be impressive ? 
  cause it 's not, 
  first , how can a country even lead in `` politics '' and `` law '' ? 
  like i can understand quantifiable areas like education , healthcare , and social system , but what makes a country lead in politics when politics around the world is a complete shit show ? 
  hell the closest competitor to american hegemony is china and they do n't even have politics because they do n't hold elections . 
  other areas the united states leads in : number of olympic medals number of top universities number of scientific papers published and number of papers cited nobel prizes awarded books published per year number of millionaires and self made millionaires inventions -- china caught up for a while , but the us once again leads the world in patent filling , with more than a quarter of the world 's total . 
  charitable giving ( individuals ) government aid global spending on science and research co2 emissions reduction since 2006 the us leads the world in immigrants as well http://www.billpottle.com/what-the-us-really-leads-the-world-in/ not to mention that our country leads the world in cultural exportation in music , movies , and tv . 
  the reason the whole world is learning the english language is not because of the uk , but it 's because of american media and economic dominance . 
  i agree that it is a subjective question but even looking at it objectively , there is n't any other country on the planet with as much wealth , innovation , influence , and power as the us . 
  surely the us is not at the top of every single metric when it comes to gdp per capital , quality of life , educational attainment , etc because let 's face it , the us ca n't compare to a nordic , homogenous country with populations smaller than our major cities . 
  but looking at countries overall , noone comes close to achieving what the us does . 
  name the country that is , just try it . 
  welp , you ca n't . 
   but there are other powers besides military , the threat of taxes on a important export resource , visa travel restriction , freezing foreign assets , that sort of thing . 
  sometimes this soft power is more important than military power , for example in the case of russia . 
  there ca n't be a serious military conflict with russia due to mad , and the trade between us and russia ai n't important enough to force them , however by influencing and coordinating with eu which is a major trading partner of russia the sanctions become very painful . 
  this network of sanctions against russia is held together by soft power , not everyone cares about ukraine , or is worried about russia annexing them , some might even wish to profit from the sanctions by breaking them , but alas they ca n't and no military threat is involved . 
  lol no . 
  if you 're really an american you would know how laughable that is . 
  the vast majority of americans are indoctrinated from child birth to believe we 're the best country on the planet , and for good reason , we are . 
  lol i really do n't have time to argue with you honestly because i have more important things to do . 
  that being said , the united states is the richest and most desirable country in the world . 
  germans love coming to the us on holiday , the same ca n't be said about americans going to germany for vacation . 
  even with all the `` gun violence '' and `` poverty '' , most people , including your fellow germans , would move here in a heartbeat . 
  the majority of people in america do n't travel to europe and only believe that it 's a muslim hell hole because it 's what the media tells them . 
  how can you blame them when that 's all they hear from the news ? 
  and you 're falling for the same mistake making assumptions about poverty , homicide , and gun violence here in the us when you 're not taking into context the various factors at play like the fact that most of the issues occur in high poverty areas and that the majority of our country enjoys a relatively high quality of life which is why even many of your people in germany would move to the us if given the chance . 
  not that we do n't care that poor people are dying because we do , but europeans like to portray america as some sort of war zone or place where people are starving to death , when the vast majority crime is concentrated in high poverty areas . 
  if you live in a middle/high class area , chances are you 'll be safe . 
  even if you live in a poor area , people are n't getting murdered for no reason because most crime is targeted . 
  as for your last point , it 's not necessarily a good thing that we 're the most desirable , it just goes to show we 're just the greatest country in the world  . 
  lol you act like the us is some warzone . 
  the majority of homicides/violence happens in poor areas and the majority of it is not random . 
  if you avoid those areas , chances are , you 'll be fine . 
  lol poverty in rural areas ? 
  who cares , no one is forcing anyone to live in those dumps . 
  there 's a reason that the us , not europe , is the most desirable place in the world to immigrate to  . 
  the us economy is booming , unemployment rate is lower than europe , average income is growing , crime rate is general is dropping , so far no major terrorist attacks to date this year . 
  lol keep lying to yourself about european superiority . 
  i mean in what sense has our place diminished ? 
  our products are even more widespread . 
  our economy continues to grow . 
  our military is still everywhere . 
  the only difference is now china is doing better but it still does not have the innovation nor influence that the us has . 
  to be fair , we 're told this every time we have shitty leadership . 
  same thing happened with george bush , and our place in the world has n't diminished . 
  we 'll be fine with trump .
