  i mean i did know about what saint stephen said , and how shitty were minorities treated , but i never connected the two during my history studies . 
  so thanks !, 
  also you forgot transcarpathia . 
  more like god forgive our populist prime minister . 
  also jobbik have nothing in common with christianity . 
  well kinda . 
  who did that ? 
  yes !, 
  if he wants a wall to keep us in he should probably build it around ryanair flights :d, 
  difference was they wanted to keep us in ; but i rather agree that this is a dick move, 
  actually not that far from what happened here . 
  in hungary there were two big billboard renting companies ( as far as i know ) one of the was controlled by a socialist entrepreneur the other was simicska who was with fidesz at the time . 
  in 2012 the government made a law that you forbid placing billboards near roads ( because of safety reasons ) for example on lamp posts , which was a huge disadvantage for the socialist company as they mostly held billboards there . 
  in 2014 there was a huge fallout between orb\u00e1n and simicska , that was exploded when simicska called orb\u00e1n a ` cum ' ( sound much more degrading in hungarian ) , so obviously simicska was not a friend anymore . 
  so a fidesz-friendly entrepreneur bought the struggling socialist company and the government - surprise - changed it 's mind , said the previous law was a mistake , and is going to re-allow placing billboards on lamp posts . 
  anyway long story short the two-tailed dog party had to buy ad place with simicska who is a dick , but now he is a far smaller dick than anyone still allied with orb\u00e1n . 
  well we have very competent counter-terror organisation who arrested [ luke skywalker of the rebel allience ] ( http://www.xpatloop.com/news/71392 ) and raided brad pitt 's [ zombie-killing guns ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/film/2011/oct/11/brad-pitt-guns-film-hungary ) . 
  also he was n't foreigner as far as i know, 
  for all the unintiated this is about the goverment billboards which say such nice things as `` if you come to hungary , you ca n't take jobs from hungarians '' and the national consultation which basically equates immigrants with terrorists . 
  there are other responses to it , for example the hungarian two-tailed dog party ( which is a real party since 2014 by the way ! ), 
  so far have crowdsourced 26 million forints to make [ alternative billboards ] ( http://www.euronews.com/2015/06/10/hungary-billboard-war-sparks-international-concern/ ) mocking the goverment as well as welcoming immigrants . 
  do you have a link to the segment just before this ? 
  it looks like orb\u00e1n bashing , i may like that . 
  we basically only handout aid to those who work on public works , so those people are n't unemployed on paper . 
  problem is even if you work full-time ( so you ca n't look for a job ) you still get less pay than minimal wage . 
  but even they admit that they can `` register sham traditional '' marriages , too , so why single out same-sex marriages ? 
  hard to tell it 's too far away . 
  he is losing his popularity , but there is still no viable alternative . 
  it sad to see my pm there . 
  he is a populist for lunatics . 
  problem is nobody knows if it will be benefical to build a nuclear plant . 
  a lot of people argue that we can buy electricity at a cheaper rate than it would cost to produce . 
  nobody seen the impact study because it is not public . 
  not really , we hate the neighbouring countries and part of our pop hates russia . 
  and because of russian influence part of our pop hates the west because neo-liberalism , moral decay , everything is a cia coup , and everyone is a mossad agent . 
  nowdays most of the pop hates muslims because the ` they want to invade us ' is the offical government slogan . 
  well i would n't say that about the current hungarian diaspora ... 
  you could say that there were press freedom in the eighties because of the samizdats . 
  there is government critical press in russia , but would you argue that the freedom of press respected their ? 
  let 's take for example how s\u00e1ling gerg\u0151 was forced out of his editorial job , because a journalist of his have inquired about a minister 's travel expenses . 
  or the case of klub r\u00e1di\u00f3 , how the media board deliberately tried to sabotage their tender . 
  the state tv was always leaning towards the government but it was n't a government mouthpiece during the socialist era . 
  because they merged all the public media , it was easier to take over . 
   but these `` concerned '' western europeans make it look like there 's some huge alarming change going on and orb\u00e1n is silencing the opposition , which is just not true . 
  it fucking is . 
  tell me mti ( the only news agency in hungary ) is free from goverment control . 
   for example online , the whole 444 . hu is nothing but bashing , mocking and ridiculing fidesz and the government . 
  yeah because all people read online newspapers . 
   and iirc , there was a scandal about freedom of speech and a journalist at the start of his mandate ? 
  there was . 
  basically orb\u00e1n wanted to get a media law passed ( which was long overdue , but it needed 2/3 support , so previous governments all failed when they tried ) . 
  of course it was lopsided to fidesz ( his party ) - friendly media . 
  long story short : the law was passed , it was watered down a bit , because of protest of the eu , but it 's still autocratical . 
   seriously , is there any politician whom is not populist ? 
  i would say yes , there are many . 
  in hungary schiffer comes to mind , he is at least populist as you can get . 
  and i do n't know if i 'd call obama a populist for example . 
  basically this . 
  there was a grandstanding in the un about worldwide refugee-quotas , before that there was a ' 5 point-plan ' which basically was combining the dominant plans that were already well-known ( for eu observers ) , so when it was accepted it was sold as orb\u00e1n 's success . 
  oh and then the famous veto , when the pm 's spokesman said orb\u00e1n vetoed a plan , which was n't even put to vote . 
  it succesfully manipulated the international media . 
  as a member of the press , i can tell you press freedom is not a binary measurement . 
  members of the hostile press are treated differently in government instutions , by fidesz mps , etc. 
  my editor said no to some of my article ideas , because it * might * make us targets , i have steer clear from some things and so on . 
  so there is an appearence of press freedom , but actually a lot of the press are not free . 
  and even if they are , the government does everything it can with taxes and handing out ad-money , to promote his favourites ( 888 . hu , magyar id\u0151k , pesti sr\u00e1cok , mtva , tv2 ) . 
  however thanks to the orb\u00e1n-simicska ( oligarch was formerly a friend of the pm , but they had a fallout ) war the press is more free : magyar nemzet , heti v\u00e1lasz and h\u00edrtv is no longer required to lick the pm 's anus ( they sometimes still do , especially hv ) . 
  does n't sound that bad . 
  i mean compared to our public television ... * they do n't even report on certain persons ( like the mayor of the pm 's hometown who got rich in the last 4 years , \u00c1rp\u00e1d habony a political advisor of fidesz , who does n't hold office , but somehow is very rich or the pm 's son-in-law who somehow got rich since his marriage ... ) * they do n't make reports on things the opposition proposes , they usually air a soundbite * they always make reports on the opposition if they can make them seem unorganised or corrupt * they always make reports on the pm whenever he takes an interview , and it 's always just contains what the pm said , they even have a counterpoint * everytime if there are statements reacting to some news the governing fidesz gets the last word even if the news is of the government ( imagine if cameron said something and the labour comments , and the tories get to comment on labour 's comment ) * everytime an immigrant does something bad it 's news . 
  the best pediatrician in hungary was a yemeni . 
  it was unreported . 
  * usually everything goes unreported which hurts the government . 
  even big stories . 
  * once there was a anti-government protest , they [ did n't find the protesters though , so they just showed an empty street ] ( http://m.cdn.blog.hu/co/comment/image/2012janu%c3%a1r/mtvrtl.jpg ) * they always frame stories with commentary from the government friendly media ( like if the bbc would always quote the telegraph ) * they always invite ` experts ' who are close to the government * they usually have unflattering foreign news about countries whose media or politicians critise the hungarian goverment . 
  once sweden made a report - which arguably was not that good or objective - how hungary has racism , the hungarian public television made a documentary in a week 's time how sweden is racist * and so on, 
  what was the problem with their reporting ? 
  genuine question i do n't watch bbc , but online they looked professional ( they had a section where they listed what dc said when ), 
  is soros is the man behind everything everywhere ? 
  i thought it was just a hungarian trope . 
  nope nope in orb\u00e1n 's worldview abuse of power = if somebody other than him can make a decision . 
  by the way orb\u00e1n 's party has the biggest number of communist now . 
  you know what would be a good alternative ? 
  if fidesz voters would n't give unconditional love to their leader , but you know maybe demand something . 
  like no corruption . 
   your title is editorialized and misleading . 
  they 've pointed out that some of the civilian leaders are from groups funded by gyorgy soros , which is factually correct . 
  it is implied though that they are doing this because of their connections . 
   this is also true . 
  under the 8 years of the current left they never gave a raise to teachers , teacher 's real pay was declining under their leadership , so when they come out demanding pay raise/extra funding it is a political action , because they never managed to give a dime under 8 years . 
  you misunderstood my point . 
  they say that only the opposition fuels the protest . 
   nowhere in the article does anyone claim that the `` teachers only want higher wages '' . 
  it does n't claim , but read between the lines . 
  there are lot of articles like this and lot of reports where there are goverment officals ' claim that the teachers ' strike really has no reason , because they got their raise . 
  mti is the only hungarian news agency because the goverment made it free , so nobody can compete with them . 
   this type of political connection is how they seem to draw conclusions who poses a conflict of interest in certain stuff , such as relatives of x winning y government projects . 
  but they never mention that . 
  only in the case of opposition there connections . 
  c\u00d6f though ? 
  completly ngo not related to fidesz at all .
