  as does n\u00c9z\u0150pont , sz\u00c1zadv\u00c9g , `` alapjogok k\u00d6zpont '' and so on . 
  keep in mind that there are n't enough teachers and halls for that . 
  so the teacher decided there will sometimes teach pe theory out of neccesity . 
  i heard it can be 7 000\u00a0000\u00a0000 in the next decade : o, 
  nope , it does not . 
  some parties have more enthusiastic supporters than others . 
  dear butthenigotbetter , it 's not that these guys do n't talk about 100 % real problems , but they give easy answer , which is not a long-term solution . 
  and in the case of orb\u00e1n : when he talks about national soverignity , he talks about his own soverignity . 
  hungary is increasingly centralised , the pm has a say in everything , but he does n't want anyone who could curb his power . 
  for example : education . 
  every school in hungary is regulated by a new bureucratic mass of an organisation , which actually made things worse . 
  but nobody talks about the shitty state of education or health care , or the fragile economy , because orb\u00e1n is constantly at war , at least rhetorically with the eu , with the liberal-media conspiracy , with george soros , etc. 
  so basically his work 33 % posturing , identity politics , 33 % amassing power and 33 % corruption ( his home town built a football stadium and academy from public money * , his son-in-law and his gas-fitter wins a lot of the public tenders ) 0 % real solution . 
  * he claims it is n't , but in reality it was the tax credits of various companies , who donate money for lobbying, 
  well the economist is not a political party . 
  immigrant or not , every person can be potentially a terrorist . 
  that 's one of the reasons why intelligence agencies exists . 
  terrorist attack ( s ) before the fence : 1 ( matuska szilveszter , 1931 ) terrorist attack ( s ) after the fence : 0 clearly it is working . 
  how ? 
  he just diverted people to croatia . 
  i do n't see how is that humane . 
  `` the problem is people who do n't adapt to hungarian society and values we have here . '', 
  can you name two migrants who have settled in hungary and did n't blend into the society ? 
  because you basically describe a non-existent boogeyman . 
  they ( we ) oppose mandatory quotas because it undermines sovereignty . 
  they are pretend nazis mostly , some of them real ones, 
  do n't forget : ethernal life !, 
  also they are credible politician because they never failed to deliver . 
  2 - in [ hungary ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/25/us-europe-migrants-hungary-iduskcn0pz08f20150725 ) it is a [ political point ] ( http://www.kormany.hu/en/prime-minister-s-office/news/national-consultation-on-immigration-to-begin ) . 
  also in [ czech republic ] ( http://www.praguepost.com/czech-news/48577-zeman-accepting-refugees-plays-into-is-hands ) . 
  7 - it boils down to a simple question really : can a goverment discriminate on basis of religion in any situation ? 
  11 - your point is called whataboutism and it is non-valid . 
  i mean john oliver does n't hold any govermental power , it 's not like he could just say to america , okay us have these people please . 
   you do n't get to be a moral arbiter if you have no stake in the issue . 
  as a hungarian i have and i agree with john to the t. 
  does n't estonia have a significant russian minority ? 
  is their culture closer to estonian than russian ? 
  but i do n't it 's a good idea to financially wreck someone who could potentially be be radicalised into a terrorist , because it does n't deter but rather encourages . 
  i do n't know it went over my head , i guess . 
  it 's okay for me . 
  i have no strong feelings on ukrainian crimea . 
  however i dislike the abuse of power . 
  eu is great in this regard mostly because it is so fragmented it does n't have any power to abuse . 
  compared to assad ? 
  or in what sense ? 
  basically no side is good in the syrian conflict , so i think a political solution and un peacekeeping would be the best . 
  probably , i believe the biggest reason they are uncooperative in syria as a negotation chip in ukraine . 
  they do n't need assad personally in power , but they would really like if they got the annexation of crimea accepted . 
  true , but ukrainain sadly felt hopeless even before it . 
   so yemeni civilians should be left to die and literally starve because this conflict does n't really affect europe ? 
   at least try to stop your governments from supporting and arming saudi arabia , that 's the least a decent human could do . 
  yes . 
  people should protest this on moral grounds . 
  well i ca n't demand everything at once . 
  let them do these things , and then move the goalpost . 
  ( basically i wrote these two , because russia will never do them everybody know they should , but some people still blame the eu for the sanctions . ), 
  how much was it ? 
  would you be okay with the same fine if somebody was driving a little bit tipsy ? 
    it should be 100 brazilion dollars . 
   no , not without evidence of planning actual harm . 
  i think he was joking, 
  sure every rebel is a terrorist , except ukrainian separatists , who shot down an airplane ( accidentally though , i admit ) . 
  they are freedom-fighters . 
   did you ask the crimeans if they want to be back in the ukraine ? 
  well sure , i will ask but i will but some man in ukrainian uniforms , so they can be sure of their answer . 
  me too , first russia should give crimea back to ukraine , then stop bombing syrian rebels , and we will normalise . 
  they have claim , but does n't malta has a fort ? 
   loves a manchild , ca n't even link to a picture . 
  why exempt ukraine ? 
  its politicans failed a lot harder than anybody in the west . 
  so basically nothing is changed , expect the name of the president ? 
  ( btw i do think that obama was a lot less warmonger , than bush ), 
  greece is the same country as afganistan ( not really ), 
  trump does n't , but republicans do . 
  i do n't follow , what is the same between clinton-bush-obama ( besides that they were presidents ) and what sets trump apart ? 
  i think the first domino was syriza , then the greek referendum . 
  why do you blame them ? 
  basically if you have shelter just shut the fuck up and never yearn for more . 
  because they mostly care about the future . 
  they want to have a community around them . 
  a lots of syrians have family or friend in germany . 
  not much in baltics . 
  it 's perfectly understandable . 
  if you want to live in a country where your family , friends and communities are , you are not a refugee , got it . 
  yeah they want to work , and they want to have a future . 
  how ungrateful of them . 
  the authorities based on the law decide if they are refugees , not you . 
  sure , sure obama did the arabian spring . 
  because it hugely benefited the us by replacing american supported dictators with wildcards . 
  best policy ever . 
  also the house of saud really liked when their people also protested . 
  great !, 
  eh , not sure . 
  jobbik has its own media , and it supporters distrust fidesz media . 
  i claimed no such thing . 
  i just pointed out how unrealistic u/laboe story is where clever jihadist rebels trick western governments into supporting them . 
  throw holy water . 
  they kill a lot of civilians . 
  piss , satanic imagery ... or simply burn a bible . 
  that is simply untrue .
