  my understanding a lot of people started migrating to the us especially because of the impendending election , so they can arrive before trump wins . 
  obviously people lie , but they ca n't keep up the facade for long under pressure . 
  besides you are commenting on an article which says nigerians , bangladeshi , guinean and ivorian people are coming . 
  probably they are lying about the origins because they can get asylum as these nationalities ... / s, 
  yeah right because after the hungarian fence nobody came via the balkan route / s, 
  reality is independent of your views . 
  who to believe ? 
  the guy who posted a lot of links proving his point or the drive by shooter who calls them names ? 
  i do n't know \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af, 
  what about london then ? 
   `` i find it hard to imagine that performance on an iq test is not affected -- even in small children -- by overtones of a day-to-day stance of alienation from , rather than orientation toward , what jewish people might refer to as `` the book , '' and the associated ways of thinking . 
  and culture does not march in lockstep with income , or at least not right away : this subtle orientation can persist even among middle-class descendants of the working-class ancestors who instilled it . '', 
  there was a national review [ piece ] ( http://www.nationalreview.com/article/449208/race-iq-debate-serves-no-purpose ) on this very topic . 
  and i agreed with its conclusion , that there is nothing gained from talking about the supposed iq gap . 
  in this particular instance i should point out that the small chance of high intelligence does not take away anyone right to be born . 
  as a counterexample here you are . 
  from your posts you seem well articulated probably intelligent with some biases , but still . 
  yet you seem to debate with strangers on the internet ( instead of working or making art ) , which does not seem like a productive thing to do . 
  maybe a stupid person might make a painting instead , which is not a masterpiece - but it will be in a small gallery someday and a few people will be touched by it . 
  muslims ( or other religious people ) are more open to more humanist interpretions of their own religion than to non-religion . 
  orb\u00e1n was actually studying in oxford from soros money . 
  i misread it . 
  i thought you wrote that ethnic europeans sometimes avoid it . 
  anyway my point was that there are some working class districts in any bigger city which are shit and people who do n't live there , wo n't go there . 
  about the police - i do n't believe there are parts of european cities which are not policed . 
  what does sometimes means in this case ? 
  i mean i avoid half of budapest , because i do n't have business there ... 
  some people seem to think so and it was even suggested by the fidesz media . 
  which is really funny because orb\u00e1n met erdogan and yildirim on friday and they talked about the historic turksih-hungarian firendship . 
  cognitive dissonance lvl . 
  which muslims ? 
  people are especially terrified of things they do n't know . 
  most people never met a muslim . 
  rupert murdoch, 
   accuses the american government of having a `` nationwide voter-suppression campaign '' there is some truth to that though . 
  then misquote and misinterpret it . 
  for fun . 
  uk and france mostly . 
  i agree that they are leading european powers . 
  but eu in itself is not a major player on world stage . 
  and i resent that fact . 
  we could do better than the us and other major powers . 
  my boyfriend gives me chocolate . 
  chocolate leads to tooth decay . 
  therefore my boyfriend planned me to have toothache . '', 
  i 'm going to say the us probably backs iranian opposition groups , too . 
  does n't mean that they have a plan for a war there . 
  it just good geopolitics . 
  us had radio free europe during the cold war it was a very good tool for them during the hungarian revolution of ' 56 , but i would n't say they planned the revolution . 
  it 's like you have a lot of money , invest a lot and sometimes the investment returns . 
  russia does the same by the way . 
  there was a recent case in hungary where it turned out that gru had training exercises with some random far-right group . 
  they were n't even a big and popular group , just a small one . 
  and i do n't moscow planned to escalate them into a civil war . 
  as far as i know , we - the eu - do n't support anyone except the kurds fighting isis . 
  thought so . 
  especially telling that they are more tolerant towards iran . 
  saudi financed salafism would never be . 
  which one is which ? 
  i agree . 
  i just kind of feel sorry for them . 
  there was a recent film about how a black man became a hungary citizen , and the main actor told some stories about how he was mistreated ... ( btw was a really good guy he did n't even complain , just described how the situation was unfortunate . ), 
  i 've seen more black people in budapest in the recent years . 
  feel free to post tributes to them . 
  seriously . 
  you are just as capable of posting as / u / _ arkar _ is . 
  he is right , i wish the government would stop pretending that we belong in the eu . 
  it 's okay ... 
  i will be in the corner with my 1 gb/month plan :'(, 
  what ? 
  : o where ? 
  how many people have been killed by terrorist since the paris attacks ? 
  how many have been killed by non terrorist ? 
  i would say it 's the other way around : they ( you ) should live up to your values . 
  i 'm hungarian , so i can tell you : france is fine , the problems are exaggerated . 
  this does n't make us right , tho . 
  true , but :'(, 
  a lot of hungarian non-muslims agreed with the orlando massacre , too , because it targeted gays . 
  however everyone is free to think anything , the only problem is when they act on it . 
  i do n't think radicalisation is a good answer for radicalism , but maybe i am wrong . 
   islamic jihadi terrorism why are you trying to score political points even before the nature of the terrorist threat is revealed ? 
  we do n't even know who the supposed perpetrator is . 
  but yeah let 's jump to conclusions . 
  both are true . 
  it was strange in 2015 when your far right campaigned against migrants via an interpreter to hungarian-slovakians . 
  basically yes . 
  but corbyn in a lot ways is like sanders . 
  we kind of like you , with the whole v4 thing . 
  i mean i 100 % percent agree with your assesment , just wanted to point out that there are certain blindspots for npr . 
  and every outlet has a few . 
  what bothers me is that fox news is willfully ignorant . 
  i do n't think may is bad in his policies . 
  i mean i would gladly trade our pm for her . 
  however may 's style bothers me a lot . 
  she is a professional politican - like hillary clinton , you ca n't know if she is sincere at any given moment . 
  and she has this well-oiled media machine behind her . 
  while corbyn is in a lot of ways like bernie - old , consistent on issue and progressive . 
  in a lot of ways he is like trump - too friendly with russia , too critical of the west , etc. 
  npr is not good with israel related topics . 
  wapo and nyt is good to excellent , cnn is mediocore at best .
