  i do n't believe ard intentionally airs fake news , and do honestly believe that they try to verify their sources as much as they can . 
  but then , good sir , why would you want to air you grievances regarding the coverage on syria ? 
  it 's really tricky to cover a warzone , especially where there are so many competing interests . 
  it is a clusterfuck . 
  source ? 
  become a mini-state , then . 
  the fence is theatrics . 
  nobody wants to stay in hungary . 
  orb\u00e1n does n't care about ideology , he is just a tactican who is good at guessing which side to support . 
  thanks to the refugee crisis . 
  before that he was losing support fast . 
  and he will lose support against the far-right jobbik party . 
  do you happen to believe , good sir , that fact-checking something that supposedly happened is the same difficulity in germany as in syria ? 
   the uk will give some advantages it gets now up in exchange for the things it wants like control of immigration . 
  economic suidice to keep polish plumbers out . 
  sounds like a good plan . 
  you will be in shit , and nobody will be able to repair the sewers . 
  because it can easily checked : you can ask the dortmund police . 
   the establishment so the guys who like the established order , ie . 
  democracy with freedom of press and accountability ? 
  because you know when some blogger called ' 8ewejdn ' writes some kind of ` news ' and it turns out to be fake , ' 8ewejdn ' will not be held accountable . 
  but if ard airs fake news , they will be held accountable . 
  two men raped one woman in dortmund . 
  one of them was an ethiopian migrant , who should have been deported , but managed to avoid the authorities . 
  tell me , is this news real ? 
  [ hamas and isis are enemies ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/israel-hamas-and-egypt-form-unlikely-alliance-against-islamic-state-affiliate/2016/04/30/cacb99dc-fb79-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html ) . 
  edit : maybe instead of downvoting me , present facts that might make me reevaluate my position . 
  hamas does n't like isis . 
  still horrible , but nothing to do with the topic . 
  mainstream media might be biased slightly when it present facts . 
  for some the solution is simply : only consume \u00fcber-biased media which does n't present facts . 
  most of the refugees say they are fleeing assad not isis , with assad in power they wo n't go back . 
  let 's pressure everyone to negotiate , not just decide who will win power . 
  by the way assad tend to fight the rebels not isis . 
  for some reason he is much more willing to fight for aleppo than for raqqa . 
   that 's extremely unlikely . 
  both foundations even have the same donators ( the gulf states mostly ) foreign entities ca n't donate to us campaigns . 
  fec would know . 
  let 's help the oppressor , oppress ? 
  hope you do n't have a criminal record bacuse of that, 
  wow that 's way more than my monthly salary . 
  even i would consider jail . 
  i usually do n't consider dictators stable if they have active insurgency against them . 
  really ? 
  so there is no misdemeanor , but everything is a crime ? 
  it 's the same if you skip paying for public transport , speed or kill a man ? 
  you ca n't prevent further loss without rehabilitation . 
  if a country makes criminals from rulebreakers , or terrorists from criminal , or if it just releases reoffending criminals after their sentence ends , its ` justice system ' just escalates the problem . 
  the justice system should not be about retribution but rehabilitation . 
  or maybe you could tell that to the guy who claimed islam is inherently against jews . 
  maybe some issues are n't black and white ? 
  obviously you should just cherry pick the facts for your narrative ... - . -, 
  it was better to live under islamic rule than christian for a lot of time . 
  yeah that 's why jewish people in spain had a [ golden age under islamic rule . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_age_of_jewish_culture_in_spain ), 
  you mean there is a gang that is convicted ? 
  is that supposed to be evidence of a cover-up ? 
   the bbc is likely conflating two kinds of crime because of its liberal political bias : rape , and cep , which may be related but are quite different . 
   consider that the uk has thousands of cases of genital mutilation recorded . 
  in several decades it has not once convicted a single doctor for performing these operations . 
  so who is conflating two kinds of crime because of their bias ? 
  oh sure let 's make up a vast conspiracy with no evidence so we can justify our racism . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  per week !, 
  ` how can people accept being ruled from inside their brain ', 
  us is also big fan of free trade for example , so they critise corruption and cronyism . 
   clinton having laughably attempted to portray herself as working against the `` elites '' in wall street maybe that 's why ? 
   i stated originally that i think you and others like you simply use the word `` populist '' against politicians you do n't like . 
  i do n't like may but i would not consider her a populist . 
  corbyn though is one . 
  i would n't even label assad one , he is a war criminal , but he is not a populist . 
  g\u00fclen did it . 
  i argue that the dictionary definition is not how use it , and not how a lot of people use it . 
  language is constantly evolving , meanings change over time , and depend on the context . 
   again i submit to you that you 're simply using it as a word to describe politicians you do n't like as a means of discrediting them without bothering to look at what they are actually saying . 
  i like how you presented a counter-arguement for my example . 
  you brought out clinton as an example . 
   us is the reason that taliban are in power in afghanistan - remember osama bin laden ? 
  remember who though him everything he knew and funded mujahedeen in afghanistan against sssr ? 
  only to become enemy no1 . 
  mujahedeen is not osama , clear up your facts . 
   usa and israel created virus ( stuxnet ) in order to attack iranian nuclear power plants . 
  yeah , so ? 
  russia hacked ukraine infrastructure , but i did n't bought it up . 
   usa hacked phone of angela merkel ( plus hundreds of other high ranking persons in europe ) did they leak it to influence public opinion ? 
  i meant syriza . 
  btw clinton got more votes than trump , so she was more popular . 
  us does n't fund the taliban , nor the european far-right . 
   we are not probably spying on russia too ? 
  we do . 
  everybody spies on each other . 
  that 's why they are called secret services . 
  but i do n't think anybody besides russia uses hacks to influence elections . 
   really ? 
  what about us ? 
  as the current world order is good for the us , it 's not . 
  it does not mean popular - it is a short-hand for a populist demagogue who uses inflammatory ( usually war-like ) rhetoric to describe all those who oppose him . 
  usually these people uses all shorts of tricks which are bad for their country for short-time political gains . 
  think erdogan and how he escalated a diplomatic crisis . 
  obviously .
