  not 120 thousand into poland . 
  just 1200 . 
  how many migrants are we speaking about ? 
  less than 5 thousands ? 
  oh my , i 'm sure that the polish state ca n't handle that many refugees . 
  karol wojty\u0142a would be ever so proud . 
  i would like to appeal more to the rationality of people . 
  hungarian immigration statistics are somewhat skewed mainly because most of them are hungarians living abroad , whom the general population would n't consider immigrants . 
   despite having significantly lower levels of immigrants than other western european countries , danish media gives a lot of attention to migration issues . 
  fair enough . 
  i was n't aware of this . 
  my question is why ? 
  in my view populist policies are rarely what 's best for the country in the long-run . 
  take economy as an example : the populist option is to spend money now , lower taxes and etc. 
  however in the long-run those countries that invest , make wortwhile investments and see a hefty return on them . 
  in the case of immigration it is certain that a lot of people , maybe even the majority of them , do n't view this issue rationally . 
  a good government - in my opinion - does n't just embrace one extremity and runs with it , but rather engages conversation with the population . 
  they listen to their concerns , and try to alleviate some of them by explaining their understanding of the issue . 
  in other words the populist reaction is a knee-jerk passionate reaction . 
  now i 'm not saying that any country should invest in immigrants , however i think that the polish and hungarian stance in the matter is a populist one . 
  they do n't want to take any asylum-seekers and taking a hard stance on irregular migrants - i do not in the countries ' best interest . 
  first it is a gamble , because unless the political landscape drastically change in europe , their governments will be isolated when the migration crisis ends being a crisis . 
  secondly the qoutas would not mean a significant burden for any of them . 
  thirdly it undermines the european union , which is arguably bad for two countries who are the biggest beneficiaries of the whole project . 
  denmark is a whole different case , because they are responding to a real issue that affects to the country . 
  you might argue that their is good or bad solution , however i do n't think it 's a populist one . 
  as far as i know they try to balance the humanitarian efforts , with the well-being of their people . 
   pis is actually representative of the polish nation so the pis votes according to the wishes of the whole electorate ? 
  so if ( for example ) third of the polish people want to take in immigrants , then 33 % pis votes to take in immigrants ? 
  then it does n't represent the will of the people , only the will of the ** plurality ** of the polish electorate . 
  not even the majority . 
  and populism is usually used in a pejorative term for politicans who abuse the emotion of the people for their own gain . 
  well there is sensible immigration policy , and then there is a populist one . 
  the sensible looks at the needs of the society , identifies the problems that might arise , and solve them asap . 
  the populist looks at the needs of the party , says there problems , and communicates a solution in a spectacular fashion . 
  hungary and poland are not in the same situation as denmark in regards of immigration . 
  we are not a target country , but our government act like we are . 
  this is of course a ploy to win voters ' sympathy by pretending that they defend our country . 
  in reality most of the governmental acts are unneccesarily cruel , because that 's what their aim is . 
  they do n't stem immigration into europe , they do n't even want to . 
  the current situation is perfect for the hungarian government so they wo n't do anything to solve it . 
  i suspect it is not the same for denmark . 
  for me it 's the opposite . 
  though turkey it 's still interesting - but everything turned to shit quickly there . 
  lol , in hungary state-funded means government influence . 
  according to the university teachers though soros does not exert any influence . 
  this is confirmed by conservative professors and researchers , too . 
  maybe because hungary is an eu member sliding to authoritarian rule while turkey is not ? 
  also that a prestigious university that have connections all over the world , might be better at representing itself . 
  just saying . 
  if i understand you correctly you say that the problems they raise worth attention and you are voting for them so they can start something . 
  fair enough . 
  you are right that the problems they raise take a long time to solve . 
  however i personally do n't trust today 's populists to do anything substantial . 
  what they do is make promises that other politicians do n't dare to make , but this is the only difference . 
  because in the end , very few populists are really one of the people . 
  i am not talking about her ideologue , but her actions . 
  let 's say le pen wins the presidency and she has a legislative majority , too . 
  what should she do in your opinion ? 
  hold your pitchforks , after the new year 's eve attack in turkey it brandenburg tor was lit up on [ january 2 ] ( https://www.dailysabah.com/europe/2017/01/03/turkish-flag-displayed-on-berlins-brandenburg-gate-in-solidarity-after-istanbul-attack ) - in other words , the second day . 
  it 's not just flipping a switch , there is certain preparations to be made . 
  muslim women literally went to westminster bridge after london attacks in hijabs to hold hands against terrorism . 
  there are like a thousand stories like that . 
  and how would she solve anything ? 
  sure , let 's speculate . 
  the sad thing that this is a recent phenomenon . 
  jews lived peacefully and undisturbed in many muslim countries when they were expelled from catholic kingdoms ... 
  not marxist , but stalinist . 
   i was n't aware that eu membership required blind adherence to any particular dogma . . 
  surely if hungary , has a different view of what the eu should be ( whether you , i or anyone else agrees with that or not ) then they have every right to push for that view . . 
  it 's a union of sovereign states after all , not a religion . 
  it has common values - even may talked about it the past week . 
  eu is a group of liberal democracies - a form of government orb\u00e1n explicitly condemned . 
  the union respects rule of law - where as orb\u00e1n 's government is known to make ex post facto legistation . 
  orb\u00e1n preaches anti-europanism at home . 
  it would be like kicking out a catholic priest who claims god is evil . 
   and that mentality right there is the problem . 
  anything trump does with regards to russia will either be perceived as puppetry , if positive , or deflection , if negative . 
  no matter what , he will always get attacked . 
    the fact that supposed left-wingers are actually pushing for escalation between the two most powerful countries in the world is absolutely insane to me . 
  you mean the us and china ? 
  or us and germany ? 
  if there is a club and i constantly talk about how shitty the club is and i do n't have the decency to leave , i except that i will be kicked out . 
  to be honest the russian tendencies were true for the socialist government , but it was before crimea , so it was n't that worrying . 
  can you make unbiased videos about climate science ? 
  100 % of polish people are born into pisistan . 
  it seems you have a more nuanced view than most . 
  i think it 's interesting . 
  why do you see sd as dangerous ? 
  they have a small newsroom , these kind of errors do happen . 
  it 's not an example of bias , but it is bad reporting , and bad understanding of events . 
  i do not know honestly , that 's why i 'm asking . 
  little unrelated , but did any party ever run on a ` gays should be accepted ' platform in turkey ? 
  there is a constitutional crisis in poland . 
  i have no problems with conservatives - the previous polish government was conservative also . 
  poland . 
  none of the above . 
  in the united kingdom ukip got 12 % of the votes nationwide yet won one seat . 
  meanwhile the scottish national party won 4,7 % with 57 seats . 
  they were n't even on the ballot outside of scotland .
