  because under the british system seats are allocated only by district in a winner takes all system . 
  that in itself is not without merit - regional representation can be important . 
  however a lot of people do n't have voices as votes cast for the losing candidates is the same as not voting at all . 
  this system inherently leads to the dominance of two big parties and/or regional parties . 
  compare and contrast this with the dutch system where seats are only allocated by party lists . 
  meaning that with only 1/150 of the votes a party gets an mp in the parliament . 
  turkish system uses a combination of those but does not have a compensation list , meaning that votes cast for a losing candidate in a district are still lost - however the same person can vote for the party list which is counted if the party reaches the 10 % threshold . 
  this leads to some disparity between the nationwide votes and the parliamentary representation . 
  also not all districts the same in population which leads to even more disproportional results . 
  this is not in itself a problem because a country needs a government . 
  but parties that do n't have the popular vote should show some self-restraint in these cases . 
  turkey is a good example where the ruling party abuses their mandate to gather more powers . 
  they tighten their grip on the media , on the judiciary and on other ideally independent actors . 
  this would be as wrong with 75 % votes as it is with 49,5 % of votes . 
  because it leads to unfair elections where the ruling party will always have an advantage , distorting the will of people in the long run . 
  denmark also has a state church . 
  just saying . 
   yes , because he was objectively loved by his people . 
  if you step out of the bubble of western media , and actually listen what people across africa , and do note `` africa '' , rather than just his own state say about him , you 'll note a remarkable change of tone . 
  he was beaten in the elections ... but whatev . 
   my argument was not that he 's not a member of elite . 
  my argument is that he 's for the populos and against arestos . 
  sure he is . 
  your trump is basically bernie sanders . 
  but unlike the vermont senator , trump is not going to tax the rich to give it to the poor , but he is going to cut the taxes of the rich so they may or may not give it to the poor . 
   again , another utterly irrelevant point . 
  those presenting claims that those with burden of proof . 
  lol . 
  you presented a claim . 
  you claimed fake media . 
   how badly must such an institution fail as a whole to lose trust of the people ? 
  people do n't trust the congress either , but they trust their congressperson . 
  same here . 
  people do n't trust `` the media '' but trust where they get the news . 
  and that 's fine . 
  nobody should trust all the media . 
  i do n't find cnn ( or fox ) trustworthy either , but cbs , pbs or npr ( besides the pro-israel stuff ) is fine in my opinion . 
  and the subscription for nyt is growing , because of trump . 
   that said , the ongoing pewdiepie debacle demonstrated quite clearly that there 's a serious internal psychological problem among the very profession of journalists in the western english-speaking world . 
  sorry what problem ? 
  is it a problem with wapo journalist , bbc journalist , dailymail journalist , fox journalist and cbs5 journalist or in general ? 
  are n't you painting with really broad stokes here ? 
   in other words , there 's absolutely no falsehood in there . 
  you want falsehood and contradiction ? 
   intelligence agencies should never have allowed this fake news to `` leak '' into the public . 
  one last shot at me.are we living in nazi germany ? 
  later :  they [ the media ] are among the most dishonest human beings on earth , and they sort of made it sound like i had a feud with the intelligence community . 
   it has a system of government called a constitutional republic . 
  again with the semantics . 
   he 's fully within his rights to do so . 
  of course . 
  i never argued otherwise . 
  do you think the democracy ca n't be dismantled totally lawfully step by step ? 
  a leader is allowed to a lot of thing , but there are lines that most would not cross . 
  criticising judges is one of those things . 
  but tell you want . 
  since you are so in love with authoritarian leaders i give you an example . 
  erdo\u011fan is fully within his rights to sue anyone who says bad stuff about him . 
  do you think he is right to do so ? 
  not lawfully but morally ? 
   that is the nature of having freedom of speech over political issues . 
  a constitutionality of a law is not politics . 
  but again whatev . 
   i find mass media claims that this freedom should be suppressed for people they do not agree with extremely disturbing . 
  yeah it 's extremly disturbing when the president is criticised for doing something . 
  :( poor pres. 
  he is only the most powerful man on the earth . 
  :'(  you appear to have a serious problem understanding that people can discuss ideas they do not hold and people they do not support and argue both for and against merits of these ideas and people from such a position . 
  no your just an idiot in the context of us politics . 
  so i do n't need to convince you . 
  i mean believe what you want , you obviously made up your mind . 
  arguing is only useful when someone involved is open-minded . 
  since i do n't think anyone else is reading this besides us ... look i see that i was wrong that you are a trump fan . 
  you are more of an obsessive contratarian person , who has to reject the mainstream way of thinking . 
  you just love being the devil 's advocate , because it makes you seem smarter . 
   that said , the ongoing pewdiepie debacle demonstrated quite clearly that there 's a serious internal psychological problem among the very profession of journalists in the western english-speaking world . 
  see ? 
  this is where you are projecting . 
  turns out you have no reading comprehension . 
  would you defend mugabe if i called him a dictator , because he is technically a president who never explicitly admitted being a dictator ? 
  authoriter presidents talk in codes . 
  read between the lines . 
  or show me anyone who was in power , said the press is the enemy and was n't removed forcefully from the office ( or died in it ) . 
   i 'll let you finish the logical chain of what `` opposing the populos '' means for democracy , the system of rule of all people , as opposed to aristocracy , the rule by elites . 
  sure a billionaire who lost the popular vote and has a cabinet of billionaires is somehow not elite . 
  by the way did you know that words change meaning overtime and might have different meanings depending on the context ? 
  idiot used to mean those who are unwilling to participate in democracy . 
  trump is an idiot also . 
  and i do n't mean it in the original sense . 
  also when i say he is a populist what i mean is that he says populist slogans not that he cares about the simple men . 
  he only wants to be adored . 
  sad . 
   many of them factually are . 
  the spin is utterly ridiculous at this point . 
  i literally read several polls on cnn stating that his popularity is down . 
  many is not the same as all . 
  he says that anything that does n't prove his worldview is false . 
  also please list at two sources . 
   which part of this statement is incorrect ? 
  incorrect , no .
