  remember austria was informally sanctioned when fp\u00d6 was in the government . 
  probably we are spying on the us also . 
  russia is a destabilising force everywhere . 
  they fund the taliban , european far-right , etc. 
  kiciking out the south ? 
  why did n't they blame austerity on the eu ? 
  all the cool kids did that . 
  they are not conservatives , they are far-right populists . 
  eu treats populist the same regardless of ideology , just take a look at greece . 
  we work with them also , for example we buy gas from them . 
  but they are waging a high-intesity disinformation war against the west that ca n't be ignored . 
  same is not true for china . 
  sadly , i agree . 
  what about the sami ? 
  are you discriminating against them ? 
  we had the same tension filled match in the 1956 water polo semi-final against the ussr after the crushed revolution . 
  he made it up , but some asylum seekers believe it , but others became anti-islam because of isis . 
  orb\u00e1n was a liberal soros-scholarship reciever , now he 's an anti-soros conservative . 
  pretty sure he is not islamist , but a politican . 
  yes , because they were not middle-class migrants but invited guest workers decades ago . 
  i thought this is a good , and well thought out post . 
  but then i read this . 
   can italians complain because they do n't have access to the * superior * dr. oetker pineapple pizza ? 
  i hope you were sarcastic !, 
   we do n't have to let anyone without papers in . 
  that 's what passports and visas are for . 
  so asylum requests do n't exist ? 
   that 's when everybody started throwing away their papers and even africans started claiming to be syrian . 
  and that 's just scratching the surface . 
  obviously if it was so widespread , you have links to corroborate your claim . 
   you ai n't no muslim bruv means that ` you are n't representative of muslims ' not that he is not a muslim . 
  do you understand ? 
  sometimes sentences have contextual meaning which can be interpreted . 
  so they are not purebred enough ? 
  it was 91 % at 1960 and now ( 2015 projection ) it 's at 77.4 % , and it will at 70 % in 2050 . 
  well it 's 88 , 61.8 and 46.6 if you count hispanic separately for some reason . 
  in my opinion until there are some common european values that everyone should accept and if we defend and pass on those values we do n't have to fear even if ` we ' become minority . 
  one of those values for example is securalism - which i see constantly under threat in eastern europe ( hungary and poland ) . 
  every contemporary example is linked to dictatorships . 
  so maybe i should be fearful of autocracies ? 
  or another question would be : why should n't the current minorities roma people , muslims , etc. 
  be fearful of us ? 
  it 's a bit complicated than that . 
  but i still does n't explain why the fear . 
  i 'm always in a minority 99,9 % of the population is n't me . 
  if a group that 's currently represents the 80 % percent of population is in fear of becoming a minority ... 
  the guardian [ also has interesting details ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/jul/27/anti-migrant-boat-crew-arrested-famagusta-cyprus-people-smuggling ) . 
  the boat 's scandinavian owner was also placed in detention as police looked into whether those held should be charged with people-smuggling . 
  `` twenty-one sri lankans were on the ship , some said they had paid smugglers to be taken to italy . 
  the crew will be held in custody before they are brought to court . 
  it is very likely they will be deported . 
  sounds weird at first glance , but when i think about it works against uk style snap elections ( call it when you are popular ) . 
  is it the intented purpose ? 
  sorry , what ? 
  if snap election would be held in this sept , then there will be a new one in 2018 anyway ? 
  how do they differ on russia and usa ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  on migration po was pretty much against muslims too as far as i can remember . 
  maybe they should reach a compromise with po . 
  but getting supermajority by a party in itself it 's really bad , because a lot of politicans value the party over country . 
   that is for people individally to decide . 
  people choose in what country they want to live in . 
  trying to change that from outside leads to chaos and wars . 
  i do n't dispute this . 
  however you can easily build a system from within that makes it impossible for you to suffer electoral defeat unless a supermajority of voters back the opposition . 
   pervious government had support from eu but not from poles - they ruled because there was no real alternative . 
  now it is other way around . 
  who elected them , then ? 
   if kaczynski tried to appoint himself a dictator - he would be laughed to death by people . 
  autocracies and dicatorships are not the same though . 
  current pis is a lot like hungary 's fidesz , turkey 's akp , etc. 
  on the surface they are democracies , but scratch the surface a little bit and they are not . 
  but corruption is not as bad as corruption + autocracy . 
  is pis not corrupt according to kukiz ? 
  why does kukiz possibly support pis ? 
  i hope everybody dies in a nuclear holocaust . 
  he was so popular he even had an uprising against his rule . 
  i do n't have anything to dispute this . 
  however i do want to emphasize that the dos would n't release a statement without the tacit approval of the foreign minister . 
  and unless the president overrides him , this is considered the offical position of the trump administration . 
  it 's a sign of a healty administration when the president appointed foreign minister is allegedly working against the president . 
  by the way when did this happen ? 
  have you considered the possibility that they might be right ? 
  the main opposition party in poland ( civic platform ) is hardly liberal . 
  i would not call the trump administration liberal , yet yesterday they said this :  `` we are concerned about polish government 's continued pursuit of legislation that appears to limit the judiciary and potentially weaken the rule of law in poland . 
  so we continue to watch that situation very carefully . '', 
  if someone systematicly dismantles the rule of law what is the other side of the story ? 
  that dictatorships might be good ? 
  that does n't work like that . 
  imagine donald trump coming out in favour of more gun control . 
  would he win over the democratic voters ? 
  the divide is much futher from that . 
  also poland has pretty much non-existent immigration besides ukrainian people who are welcomed . 
  he has a written and sourced argument that he posted nine times . 
  he posts to / r/overwatch , to / r/android , to / r/gaming , etc. 
  he is probably not paid for his post just passionate about this subject . 
  besides if he makes 20 million eur with each anti-pis posts , and it 's a one-sided argument , he still added value to the conversation than you . 
  if you have a counter-argument to make , make it . 
  do n't resort to name calling . 
  it 's interesting to see if this trend continues .
