  inflammatory , yes . 
   or is it that you just do n't like the style he 's communicating in ? 
  sure let 's have a president who questions if a judge is really a judge . 
  would i question if he is really a president ? 
  no i would n't . 
  it would be disrespectful . 
  not just for trump , but for the whole system of government we call democracy . 
  he was elected president , just as the judge was nominated by an elected president and approved by an elected congress . 
  if you do n't see anything wrong with the holder of the highest office question the whole system of the government , i do n't know what to say . 
   you could make me defend trump some more against your obvious false quotes . 
  false quotes , lol . 
  i see you are not just a trump fan but a discipline . 
  also i have no interest in proving or disproving anything to you . 
  you are just a finnish guy who during his life will never have any power whatsoever over who is the president of the usa . 
  your opinion does n't matter at all . 
  mine neither . 
  but at least i do n't live in an alternative reality . 
  say hi to elvis for me while you visit the loch ness monster . 
  `` the fake news media ( failing @nytimes , @nbcnews , @abc , @cbs , @cnn ) is not my enemy , it is the enemy of the american people ! '', 
  `` any negative polls are fake news , just like the cnn , abc , nbc polls in the election . 
  sorry , people want border security and extreme vetting . '', 
  `` the opinion of this so-called judge , which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country , is ridiculous and will be overturned ! '', 
  i could go on , but you decided to invent a fictional trump to adore . 
  sad . 
  fake love . 
  moving the goal post ? 
  you said he did it , now you are backpedaling . 
  did he do it or not ? 
  he promised something more robust . 
  it is more [ lax than the obama administration lobbying ban ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/trump-lobbying-ban-weakens-obama-ethics-rules-234318 ) . 
  he tries to present himself as the only authority on the truth and legal matters . 
  if that 's not authoritarian , then what is ? 
  he promised to have a full ban . 
  he [ did not do that . 
  ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/trump-lobbying-ban-weakens-obama-ethics-rules-234318 ), 
  he does n't respect the judiciary and the media . 
  he rallies the people against them . 
   i 'm not ignoring anything . 
  the letter of the law , not the spirit of the law . 
   the countries targeted have alot of terrorist activity . 
  the fact that no terrorist from there have struck in the us does n't mean they do n't want to . 
  or can they only act after a terrorist attack ? 
  like in europe ? 
  there is already a long and robust vetting system in place . 
   as far as i 'm aware this was a problem with the roll-out of the order , and people who already held visa 's could get back in a few days after the order took effect . 
  sure , they just had to rebook their flights , maybe extend their hotel stays . 
  and they were in complete limbo . 
  but who cares about those people , right ?!, 
   i 'll do it anyways , but thanks . 
  i know , it 's considered heresy , being from europe and not joining in on the `` trump is a fascist '' circle-jerk . 
  trump does not have an overarching ideology . 
  but he is certainly an autoriter leader , would n't you agree ? 
  ban on lobbying . 
  he promised that . 
  not did . 
  promised . 
  nice try , lizardman !, 
  i agree , but each of those nations , the baltics , ukraine should be able to chose it 's own destiny . 
  and non-paid people ca n't stupidly spam memes ? 
  i mean 4 chan is where the milhouse is not a meme became a meme ... 
  sure , obviously , everybody are shills . 
  god forbid a paper have a clear set of values that are not right-wing . 
  he is a lizardman . 
  the same hacker group attacked wada , czechia and the dnc ... 
  it could anyone sure , but whose interest aligns with these hackers ? 
  they could say that only those who poll above 15 % can participate in the debates . 
  then rig the polls . 
  easy . 
  it 's russia . 
  the president is sadly above the law . 
  sorry you know nothing on hungary . 
  the first fidesz government and the second was totally different ( same as in poland ) . 
  democracy is not just about voting . 
  free and fair election require independent media for example , which is rapidly shrinking in hungary . 
  the biggest non-tabloid newspaper was closed last year , a lot of media was bought by fidesz oligarchs , the government always does costly propaganda ad campaigns to finance their media . 
  and this is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  why would they have to ? 
  it is not like anyone can force them . 
  sounds horrible , how can i look down on poor people ? 
  i never heard of space communists . 
  must have spaced out when they told me . 
  pro-sovereignty is just a lie . 
  what they really want is for the eu to leave them alone when they can steal money and build a dictatorship . 
  not defending or anything , but allegations of corruption is not big of a deal , because usually it 's just thrown around . 
  space ? 
   this study reeks of poor scientific craftsmanship . 
  because it disproves your worldview ? 
  or like legimate scientific concerns ? 
  first of all it 's about germany not france - there are cultural differences and france has many former colonies , so it 's easier to immigrate there . 
  secondly numerous studies proved that while there is some correlation between minority groups being overrepresented in prison and them being more likely to commit crimes , the effect is highly amplified by racial profiling . 
   what does lisbon have to do with this , exactly ? 
  `` it shall ensure the absence of internal border controls for persons and shall frame a common policy on asylum , immigration and external border control , based on solidarity between member states , which is fair towards third-country nationals . 
  for the purpose of this title , stateless persons shall be treated as third-country nationals . '', 
   https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ad-hominem http://i.imgur.com/azpwwun.jpg you provided no explanation as to why i should believe your supported expertise . 
   until you find a few more , read this article . 
  ngos are working together with people smugglers to bring illegals over . 
  obviously if there is a suspicion and concern that means they are automatically guilty . 
  let 's not wait for an offical report , because it 's so obvious . 
   there is n't . 
  can you show me where it is ?
