  also both of them will be angry at the us . 
  so if it 's a cia hit job it 's extremely high risk , with a very small chance of reward . 
  targeting hospitals , disallowing humanitarian aid and indiscriminate bombing . 
  russians and syrian are saints . 
  i like when the government involves people and takes it into account . 
  awesome idea . 
  i wish we did the same . 
  ours too . 
  there is no russian influence in hungary . 
  they are our friends . 
  so i guess the answer is no ? 
  if i do n't like jewish culture should i be allowed to shout that i want less jews on national tv ? 
  besides few european countries are christian , most of them are secular . 
  no country does that currently . 
  do you even know what sharia is ? 
   https://www.wzb.eu/en/press-release/islamic-fundamentalism-is-widely-spread they seem to have surveyed only turkish and moroccan immigrants . 
  should i assume that people from indonesia have the same beliefs ? 
   no , but it 's starts being criminal if those two values start to clash , like discriminating gay or jewish people . 
  innoncent until proven guilty is also hallmark of the western civilization . 
  i think people in the 21th century should be smarter than to try about prove collective guilt of a group . 
  it surely is a sensitive topic , full of minefields . 
  as you say , the political landscape is severly lacking . 
  i think an ` immigration-spectic ' party would be ideal . 
  unfortunately the bigges issue is that most politicans happily dog-whistle to racists and exenophobes , even if they themselves or most of their electorate are not . 
  the other problem i see that immigration is too much of a hot topic . 
  it 's like ww i where everybody dug their trenches , and frontlines are very static . 
  i think the problem is a bit overblown especially in hungary , where every second article in the government backed media is about the ` failed integration ' of immigrants in western europe . 
  according to some data our roma minority is as badly integrated as the worst performing immigrant communities in the west . 
  and nobody seems to talk about this . 
  i believe that other countries have other issues too , about income inequality for example . 
  but nobody seems to talk about that . 
  i 'm not saying that we should n't have conversations about immigration . 
  however i do feel that there are also other topic to be discussed that are overlooked . 
   only 13 % . 
  can you link this survey ? 
   not prosecuting for that idea , but their freedom of religion stops at the moment they stop respecting the laws of their country . 
  what does respect even mean ? 
  if they break laws they are criminals , it 's up to the justice system to punish them . 
  i regard my love for my boyfriend more important than the laws of my country . 
  am i a criminal ? 
   child protective services should take away children if they are being religiously indoctrinated how could you measure something like that ? 
  do christian parents telling kids gay people are sinners count as indoctrination ? 
   stop the goverment founding of mosques ( whether it is local goverment or saud-arabia for example ) i vehemently disagree . 
  mosques need money . 
  it should come from middle eastern countries , but it should come from local governments . 
  and the imam should be trained locally as well . 
  governments should sponsor , liberal , modernist islamic communities . 
  criminal should be punished , integration programs should be stepped up , further ( non-eu ) immigration should be limited for a while . 
  this is the common sense solution . 
  incting anger , resentment and fear is not . 
  it will just divide the society more . 
  how many christians in western europe think the laws in the bible are more important than the laws of their country ? 
  how many jews believe the same about the talmud ? 
  will you prosecute all people who believe their religion to be more important than their nationality ? 
  or will you just single out islam ? 
  freedom of religion is one of the cornerstones of any modern secular democracy . 
  freedom of belief is also one . 
  it 's not criminal to think lgbt people are sinners , however backwards you think this belief is . 
  you may be justified calling me stupid for my grammar . 
  honestly i do n't really care what total strangers on the internet think of me . 
  do you ? 
  because that would make anyone almost as stupid as u/sausageparty2015 . 
  let 's play nitpicking for 1000 . 
  you win at it . 
  i do n't like to live in a pc world where you ca n't call other people stupid . 
  soros is a main target of russian propaganda . 
  it is easier to copy conspiracy theories than to make new ones . 
  if their asylum application is rejected this is what happens . 
  if their asylum application is rejected this is what happens . 
  let 's play beliefs for 1000 . 
  i do n't believe you would like asylum seekers if 99 % were honest , hardworking and clean . 
  irregardless of the reality i am entitled to my belief , as you shown to be so thoroughly anti-immigrant that some might say you are a racist . 
  i however do not claim such a thing as you seem to be too stupid to know any racial theories . 
   if 1000 are tested this year and 75 % turn out to be lying then that means there are 750 asylum-seekers do you like playing hypothetical fearmongering ? 
  here is another one for you . 
  if every tenth asylum seeker is carrying a dormant ebola virus , then we all soon be dead and it does n't matter what numbers you have pulled out of your ass . 
  one of the upsides of having ebola though that you do n't have pull anything out of your ass , because it will come easily . 
   this is an unacceptable high number of asylum-seekers lying about their ages . 
  he proved that 99 % + of people did n't lie about his age , less 1 % did . 
  so why would you want to change the measurement to unaccompanied minors ? 
  why would we need such a statistic ? 
  orb\u00e1nphilic hungarian hate him though . 
  that 's why i would find his chancellorship fun . 
  but still i trust merkel more . 
  is there judiciary independence in netherlands ? 
  why ? 
  is personal gain a bad intention ? 
  also : there are millionaires not paying taxes . 
  they take more money away from the system than a dozen refugees . 
  if a person is starving and takes a bread for a children , is it bad intention ? 
  not saying lying on your asylum application is okay , it should be punished . 
  but it is perfectly understandable from an individual standpoint . 
  just as any punishment is perfectly understandable for a collective standpoint . 
  can you link this book ? 
  28-2 is still 26 , you forgot croatia i assume , 
  they had it for least one and half months . 
  http://www.foxnews.com/transcript/2016/08/24/assange-wikileaks-to-release-significant-clinton-material/ even the trump team seemed to know about it . 
  they admitted that they had the emails for a while but they decided to time the release . 
  it is very reputable one . 
  but my good sir !,
