  because it was raised by many prominent foreign leaders ( merkel , macron ) . 
  i do n't have anything to dispute that , sadly . 
   i believe iran being shiites allows them to have a consistent clergy in their government that can function as watchdogs to corruption and incompetence be with their political and social influence . 
  this could be the case or the clergy can have their own corrupt and incompetent members . 
  the people also sense that their leaders are corrupt . 
  this is why uncharacteristically it was a campaign topic , meaning that rouhani and the hardliner accused each other of corruption . 
  i do n't think it will be stolen by officals , i would n't trust the state though . 
  what ? 
  why did n't you include iran ? 
   how should i ? 
  i expect if you claim something , that you can back it with facts . 
   it was a tool to damage the soviet control in hungary and the rest of the eastern block . 
  which was eventually good for us , but not for the soviets . 
  so urging for democracy is good ? 
  why is it bad if soros does it , then ? 
  what if you answered my question ? 
  maybe we would be actually getting somewhere instead of you just re-stating your opinion . 
  how were they suppressed ? 
  can you point to me how soros or organisations funded by him were part of this suppression effort ? 
  also my question was n't about soros , but about radio free europe . 
  how would you describe its activities prior to the 1956 revolution ? 
  would you please answer the question ? 
  i think you missed the point . 
  would you agree if mein kampf was quoted to describe soros ( who is a jew ) as a `` malignant bacterium '' then it is anti-semitic ? 
  or local organisations which were partly sponsored by him helped the people articulate their will for a more democratic society . 
  or we could rewrite history in your way : tell me , how would you describe what radio free europe did in the prelude of 1956 ? 
  how is it factually correct that soros broke out the rebellion in georgia ? 
  jews `` will remain the eternal parasite , a freeloader that , like a malignant bacterium , spreads rapidly whenever a fertile breeding ground is made available to it . '', 
  sorry , do n't mind me , i am not being anti-semitic just randomly quoting hitler via a [ washington post ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/mein-kampf-a-historical-tool-or-hitlers-voice-from-beyond-the-grave/2015/02/24/f7a3110e-b950-11e4-bc30-a4e75503948a_story.html ) article . 
  they quoted ali khamenei ayatollah who is the supreme leader of iran . 
  he described soros as a `` zionist multi-billionaire '' and m1 did not contest that description . 
  there was only one viewpoint in the report it was not balanced by any means . 
  the factual information that support the allegations were really thin and selectively chosen . 
  did they uncritically quote the supreme leader or not ? 
  our national broadcaster uncritically quoted the iranian supreme leader to prove that soros is behind everything . 
  that about sums it all up . 
  i would agree you if trump would n't act like he does . 
  why fire comey ? 
  why tweet out stupid things ? 
  why deny it multiple times ? 
  trump does not seem to be a hard man to read . 
  he is clearly hiding something . 
  sorry , unlike you i do n't feel the need to justify my casual racism with anecdotical evidence . 
  btw i am an equal opportunity racist - i just hate everybody . 
  so they just clog up all the infrastructure like leeches . 
   alan turing ? 
  did n't he kill himself , because of british backwardness ? 
  anyway the picture was funny . 
  so they just clog up all the infrastructure like leeches . 
   alan turing ? 
  did n't he kill himself , because of british backwardness ? 
  anyway the picture was funny . 
   which is paid to spain by uk . 
  but all the old people clog up the system , the roads , the houses . 
  stay in your islands . 
   and your country is suffering from a brain drain whereas ours has universities like oxford , cambridge , imperial , lse , st andrews , etc. 
  well we have brains to be drained , unlike in the uk . 
  they just have universities where they teach talented foreign students their skills . 
  you have glossy pop singers and reality tv stars . 
  we have more oscar-winners , nobel-prize winners and olympic winners per capita . 
  but why are we even arguing about these ? 
  i was just shitposting . 
  love scotland though , be independent , you are much better than those englanders . 
  look at all the terror attacks they suffer . 
  never in scotland ... break off while you can . 
  pensioner drain the fucking health-care system , while young people at least work . 
   we 're all humans and shit , it 's not like it would matter whether you have 10 million swedes or somalis , they perform at the same level , haha . 
  well look , who is talking . 
  is n't japan less and less productive these days ? 
  all true , especially the last bit . 
  but we still have fewer pedo celebs . 
  no , people who emigrate from hungary are just shitty , and they are attracted to your shittiness . 
  ( that sounds mean , i in fact adore britian and do n't think you are great , but footzz is shitty . ), 
  the sun and the daily mail is the most read newspaper in britain , majority of your population do n't read books , lot of your people would ban abortion , gay marriage and interracial relationship . 
  so maybe clean up your own fucking shit . 
  but based on a comments maybe you are an american , in which case you are more clogged with shit . 
  are you a country where the powerful in society can get away as pedophiles for decades ? 
  are you a country where sensationalist tabloids can hack into voice mails ? 
  are you a country where racists can murder a politican in the middle of the day ? 
  are you a country where immigrant children are handed a paper calling the vermins ? 
  are you a country where people with other skin colour are discrimanated against ? 
  are you a country where politicans question the britishness of a british olympic gold medalist ? 
  are you a country whose native population is so inept at certain jobs and so entitled that they foreigners will take their jobs ? 
  are you a country where the leader of the main opposition party is labelled a national security threat by the governing party ? 
  are you a country where porn is regulated against ? 
  are you a country where assholes can openly sow division in society ? 
  congrats you are a shitty country anyway . 
  temporarily as in until death . 
  if your definition of heroism consists of robbing the country while spreading hatred against migrants ( which do n't really exist in hungary ) , then sure . 
  i would n't consider that bad though ... wan na see our campaign ads ? 
  it 's not campaign season yet but we already have some depressing ones . 
  this is by [ jobbik ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t9ze6wm.gif ) , it says you work , they steal . 
  it depicts the pm ( orb\u00e1n ) and his gas-fitter ( m\u00e9sz\u00e1ros ) who made 100 + billion huf ( 32 billion euros ) just last year . 
  the yellow text is changing it has four different configurations - that 's why wages are low , that 's why there is no money for education , that 's why healtcare is dying , that 's why pensions are low . 
  this was the response by [ fidesz ( the governing party ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5imnj6z.jpg ) , it says `` billionaries ' men . '', 
  on the right-side it 's left-wing opposition ( mszp ) pm candidate puppeted by george soros on the left-side it 's far right opposition ( jobbik ) leader puppeted by a hungarian oligarch ( simicska ) who was formally loyal to the governing party ( they had a fallout supposedly because orb\u00e1n became aligned with putin ) . 
  hmmm maybe this is the result of compulsary voting ? 
  they do n't want to come off as offensive and instead they be mundane and serious ? 
  depens on what are we grading on ? 
  but i like the romanian dna .
