  [ example ] ( http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/uk-news/islamic-hate-preacher-who-called-8992831 ) . 
  i would assume that they have better and more reliable information sources than an average redditor , yeah . 
  assad is torturing his own population . 
   the moderate rebels are unicorns . 
  they barely exist and the rebel groups themselves are often just playing the game cleverly by splitting off into various factions to maximise funding from idiotic western ( primarily us ) governments . 
  then they fold into the mothergroup once/when the scam has been detected . 
  probably you know better than cia . 
  good job !, 
   increase fertility i agree that this is better . 
  i think most people do . 
  but how ? 
  proof needed, 
   ... based on the article you should think that he '' ... has closed hungary 's own southern borders with razor-wire fences and guard dogs '' because it was fun . 
  you seem to not understand news editing . 
  why hungary closed its border is not relevant in this news piece , while the fact that orb\u00e1n is very keen on strengtening external border is . 
  the picture is indeed unflattering , but its not bbc 's own , rather aps . 
  i have n't seen the set where it is from , so i ca n't comment on that . 
  well he thinks eastern europeans and pakistanis made `` his '' area shitty . 
  i thought the last eu enlargment was croatia , not pakistan . 
  i must have been mistaken . 
  also stop with racism . 
  there are immigrants who are good people and there are shitheads . 
  same with englishmen . 
  if shithead english families would moved to your area enmasse , who would you blame ? 
  criticising curbing freedom of press and the court system is 100 % justifiable though . 
  it is the most upvoted video on reddit . 
  i like to watch it from time to time , because it 's awe-some . 
  [ `` open the country , stop having it be closed . 
  '' ] ( https://youtu.be/mh5ly4mz15o?t=4m52s ), 
  right-wing is always measured from the political center . 
  i mean in hungary ukip would n't be considered so far-right , but in britain it is . 
  they do dog-whistle to racists , and yes they have [ islamophobic candidates ] ( http://www.caabu.org/news/blog/does-ukip-hate-islam-blog-joseph-willits ) , even for [ leadership ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/08/03/ukip-leadership-hopeful-lisa-duffy-wants-total-ban-on-muslim-sch/ ) . 
  i agree that they are less right-wing in european context , unlike the french fn or the dutch party for freedom , but basically they are the far rightest of the mainstream parties , so they are a magnet for right-wing nutcases . 
  i do reserve the right to be wrong , so feel free to correct me . 
  but this is my perception of the ukip , and farage does n't help a bit with campaigning for trump . 
  do you have any antropological studies to back your theory , or any empirical evidence ? 
  so you think hungarian-americans , irish-americans and ukrainain-americans have the same culture as say italian-americans ? 
  the conclusion is that wealth is counter-acted by discrimanation against minorities . 
  however wealthy people are still less likely to go to prison in general . 
  sorry i must have misunderstood you . 
  when you said white you meant dressed in white ? 
  or maybe having white fingernails ? 
   race is n't skin deep . 
  really ? 
   heavily white region , ( ... ) non-white neighborhoods . 
  i wonder why you talked about the skintones then . 
  wonder why are rich black kids more likely to go to prison . 
  could it be because of higher incernation rates of minorities for the same type of crime . 
  the linked arictle points to a study that sees this correlation . 
  please if you want to continue discussing the issue read the article . 
  otherwise do n't reply . 
  thank you, 
  i like those part of your reply that laid down the numbers , ruled out any confounding variables and proved the correlation . 
  good job !, 
  you are a master statistican and you totally convinced me !, 
  crime is because of skin colour . 
  i wonder [ why ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/law/2011/nov/25/ethnic-variations-jail-sentences-study ) ...  `` the study , carried out by the guardian , found black offenders were 44 % more likely than white offenders to be sentenced to prison for driving offences , 38 % more likely to be imprisoned for public disorder or possession of a weapon and 27 % more likely for drugs possession . 
   asian offenders were 41 % more likely to be sent to prison for drugs offences than their white counterparts and 19 % more likely to go to jail for shoplifting . '', 
  do you have statistics to share or are you just making things up ? 
  i was like what 's ham mer time is , then it hit me !, 
  these are funny . 
  especially the one that wants hyphenation . 
  i 'm a grammar nazi and i approve this message !, 
  please do show . 
  we will have a parody campaign where the two-tailed dog party * 's posters say that ` the water supplier of budapest could put lsd into the drinking water ' . 
  it is a parody of the second wave of anti-immigration posters from the government . 
  the water supplier probably will sue for defamation though . 
  * it 's the party that promises free beers and eternal life - so naturally the best party . 
  so you agree that converts should be stoned to death in muslim countries ? 
  because the way i see it : you either believe in ` do as romans do ' , or in universal principles . 
  but maybe there is a third option i am missing . 
  do n't give them ideas ... 
  k\u00f6ln is florida ? 
  and for every 1 euro investment poland gets 1 + x euros . 
  i do n't say that it is not mutually beneficial . 
  i say that poland benefits more . 
  i hope not . 
  probably the new generation will be more cooperative , and more eurocentric because of things like erasmus . 
  we are moving closer to the latter being the case . 
  and it thanks to our countries ' governments , hurray . 
  also it 's funny because poland appearently does have a say in the pipeline . 
  so according to his logic , they must take in all the refugees germany wants them to . 
  germany gives the most money into the eu and poland takes the most money out . 
  should this be not factored in ? 
  without turkey it would n't . 
  [ libertarians are the most intelligent . 
  ] ( http://reason.com/archives/2014/06/13/are-conservatives-dumber-than-liberals ), 
  yeah , i agree as well . 
  but in today 's world only jihadist terrorism branded terorism . 
  the dallas shooter , the nationalist guy who stabbed jo cox does not gets to be called terrorist . 
  even breivik is more often called mass-murderer than terrorist . 
  what about the japanese knife-guy . 
  he wanted to free the world from people with disabilites . 
  that is a very political statement in my opinion , yet he is not treated as a terrorist . 
  david cameron is a centre right , do n't know about spiegel . 
  but yeah i find it disheartening that both in the case of the scottish referendum and the eu referendum , the main message remain campaign basically boils down to : stay or otherwise it would be crap . 
  i believe there should be an appeal to unity , to ideas . 
  sure the remain side should point out that leaving destabilised the economy , but fear should not be used as a tool . 
  obviously leave is also crap , but they at least equally scaremonger and appeal to sense of nationalism , to taking back power . 
  i do n't agree that these are valid points but at least they are something of an ideal .
