  how it works ? 
  when did countries vote for it ? 
  etc. . . countries that accepted the lisbon treaty . 
  so all the eu-countries . 
  there are proposal about how should it work , but some asshole keep vetoing it , because he made the population afraid of 2000 people . 
   because they do nothing else but dump immigrants on italian soil by thousands and take the money for it . 
  it 's not rocket science , they simply do n't care about them afterwards . 
  yeah msf literally just does that . 
  good to know . 
   do i have to be a lawyer to know the laws ? 
  know and interpret is two different things . 
  but i 'm sure that you believe that you are just as smart as real lawyers who study five years . 
  are you a doctor also by any chance ? 
   wilders simply wants power , he speaks to the people 's fears , hate and , yes , sometimes their ignorance . 
  that 's the saddest thing . 
  the problem with ( most of ) the anti-establishment is that they are just the wannabe establishment , who are more clueless and more power-hungry . 
   there 's no common immigration policy . 
  there is , just the wannabe anti-elitist hungarian elite pretends to be anti-establishment for votes . 
   pseudo-liberal ngos are bringing why do you question their liberalism ? 
   breaking many laws in the process . 
  are you a lawyer ? 
  perception does n't make it real . 
  this is maybe a symptom but not the problem . 
  who cares if somebody adheres to the law while thinking that it is wrong ? 
  the problem is radicalised youth who actively support terrorism . 
  and it 's a multifaceted problem that has to do with identity crisis , joblessness and racism . 
  the worst think is that just talking about it aggravates the racism and discrimination that muslims face , so it worsens the problem . 
  also i do n't think that only politicans can and should answer this problem . 
  ngos and communities can do a lot themselves . 
  usually that the farest right-party captures all the fringe far-right votes . 
  while i have no doubt that ukip , swedish democrats , the front nationale , the freedom party are not anti-semitic as a party and they do n't have such platform that even suggets an anti-jewish stance , there mere existence attracts the anti-semitic voters . 
  for some reason being seen as an anti-foreigner party is a magnet for those who hate jews . 
  it 's not that geert wilders does n't go out his way to be pro-semitic . 
  it 's more like people can delude themselves . 
  that is a fair point , but i actually spoken to turkish girls . 
  yes it 's . 
  rural areas are shit according to reports , cities are progressive . 
  it 's very similiarly split to poland just a different religion . 
  so you agree with turkey and indonesia , then sweet pie ? 
  i agree with you , but also , i give more money to education , enterprenuership programs and to the military . 
  yes , the military . 
  it 's actually a good place to learn some manners . 
  [ citation needed . ], 
  actually this is not . 
  if you ever been to turkey , jordan or indonesia you would know . 
  god forbid we use an insulting name for a terrorist organisation . 
  it does n't contribute . 
  at least explain why do you think it 's bullshit . 
   `` if you think it does not contribute to the subreddit it is posted in or is off-topic in a particular community , downvote it . '', 
  from reddiquette . 
  nope , i never heard of you . 
  yeah and they told them to please invade iraq also , so that the iranian influence can grow . 
  also commit terror attack all over the world , because fuck yeah . 
  it is such a genius idea . 
  yeah it 's perfectly logical that the current administration arms its biggest enemies and enemies of their enemies , who are struck by their enemies . 
  islamic state of iraq and syria ? 
  as someone who does n't know anything about romanian-moldavian relations , can i ask why ? 
   humanitarian aid was not allowed because the final goal is to siege down the terrorists , rebels whatever you want to call them . 
  so the syrian army committed a war crime . 
  it 's okay if you want i admit that eastern aleppo was n't bombed to * submission * , it was * starved * into it . 
  i happily stop disputing all your other points , if you admit that the syrian army , assad and their allies should be tried for war crimes . 
  seems pretty specific to me . 
   because they have an agenda ? 
  russian and syrian offical sources on the hand are completly impartial , so we should believe them ? 
   i have personally heard of only one hospital which fulfilled all these requirements in aleppo , it was russian one and was bombed by rebels . 
  they did share previously the coordinates previously , but stopped since . 
  [ i wonder why . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/feb/18/msf-will-not-share-syria-gps-locations-after-deliberate-attacks )  i did n't because i would n't let aid into besieged area either , due to tactical reasons . 
  so starving out civilians are okay ? 
  it is a [ war crime . 
  ] ( https://ihl-databases.icrc.org/customary-ihl/eng/docs/v1_rul_rule53 ), 
  terrorists ? 
  last i checked hezbollah was allied to assad , and isis was mostly left alone by him . 
  obviously you were n't in aleppo , and me neither . 
  so we do n't have any first hand knowledge of the events there . 
  for some reason russian and pro-assad sources seem trustworthy to you , while msf , the un , and aid agencies are n't . 
  i wonder why . 
  i truly do . 
  still you gave no explanation why the humanitarian aid was not allowed in . 
  i guess terrorist would use that as weapons , launching cabbage at assad 's saint warriors . 
  i have played plant vs zombies , so i know how powerful vegetables are as weapons . 
  but i still not understand why russia had to bomb that aid convoy ... 
  yeah orb\u00e1n passed all terrorist unchecked and unregistered to germany . 
  what a hero . 
   because you have no idea what `` indiscriminate bombing '' looks like . 
  my mistake , i meant that do n't care about civilian casualties . 
  which they do n't . 
  how many rebel fighters have died ? 
   i am 100 % sure , if roles were reversed and it was western friendly government who was on offensive , `` the last hospital in aleppo '' would become meme just like `` russia denies '' . 
  why would msf , the un and all the aid agencies lie ? 
  is it so hard to understand that they can repair hospitals after a bombing ? 
  maybe even set it up somewhere else . 
  it 's not like hospitals are some lost technology . 
  tellingly you did n't even responded to my point about aid . 
  also why bother ? 
  it 's not like the victim was a personal friend of his . 
  this is even a good excuse to ramp up the syrian operations . 
  this is insane . 
  if random internet users can figure it out that this might be a cia hitjob to make turkish-russian relationships worse then so can those countries . 
  which will make their relations with each other even better .
