  their mother was a slav and their father a roman . 
  the glagolic alphabet was used for a very long time . 
  it did n't die right away . 
  i believe the croats used the longest . 
  in bulgaria it stuck for some time . 
  hey that 's our motto . 
  not fair . 
  i sure hope it 's soon . 
  found [ this ] ( https://www.google.bg/amp/s/www.citylab.com/amp/article/471432/ ) on google . 
  holy crap !, 
  free child entry !, 
  do n't mind if i do . 
  well . . we 're top 3 in something . . 
  get out, 
  in 1928 they used only gray paint smh, 
  a polititian stole 4 tons of flat sausage and 60 kilos of meat . 
  he ordered them under the name of the prime minister but he never recieved them . 
  welcome to bulgarian politics . 
  while poland is fighting dictatorship we lost 4 tons of sausage . 
  hehe , you said meme . 
  it 's a really serious situation . 
  our country has never experienced a disaster of such magnitude . 
  god damit . 
  please stop downvoting people ( like this fella here ) who say the bulgars were turkic . 
  it 's true . 
  not turkish but turkic . 
  what, 
  i do n't know where you 've been and what kind of people you 've met but what you described is n't the majority . 
  this like saying all turks are erdogan supporters bucause they are the loudest . 
  hate towards turks is n't what holds the country together , believe me , we have more important things to worry about . 
  the turk hate comes up only when erdogan is invloved but generaly we do n't hate turks . 
  and mainland bulgarians can be as open-minded and friendly as abroad ones . 
  depends on who you 've met . 
  people have differnet mentalities depending on the region . 
  i asume the poor parts of turkey are n't an accurate representaion of the country . 
  here it 's the same . 
  this guy knows his stuff . 
  when i 'm with friends and they suddently start blasting chalga i feel awkward . 
  `` i 'm not with them . . '', 
  ...  :( i 'm triggered reeeee but seriously though , do n't say that . 
  bulgarian was the real og . 
  chovek , stop spending so much time on facebook nationalistic pages and websites . 
  this is highly untrue . 
  please do n't bring shame to our history with such nonsense . 
  marverllous, 
  really . . really ? 
  this again . . 
  whoa fancy letters, 
  it ' usually ( if not all the time ) the rulers who start conflicts . 
  no one wanted war after the first balkan one . 
  and it only needed some diplomacy to figure something out with serbia about vardar macedonia . 
  it was a conflict which could 've been avoided . 
  it 's not expected of you to be taught all of this , or necessery . 
  we in schools are only taught about ( 20th century history ) * j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski * ( and not every book includes him , a shame cuz he has some nice piece of facial hair . 
  our teacher put him in a test once . ), 
  and also * poland - the two world wars . 
  * in a nutshell , ferdinand i of bulgaria used yolo and it was uneffective . 
  now serbian nationalists hate us because of some austrian with dreams . 
  feelsbadman, 
  burgaria is responsible for the cyrilic alphabet only . 
  the glagolic is by the byzantines/romans . 
  bulgaria used it for 3 ( ? 
  sort of ) centuries but then the cyrilic one 100 % replaced it . 
  y u do dis, 
  it 's copyrighted !, 
  westerners hate them !, 
  learn the magic behind this amazing trick !, 
  [ click here for more ] ( not clickbait ) . 
  well . . you 're welcome . . 
  looking back to the socialist past . . feelsbadman, 
  ferdinad i was the greedy one . 
  i remember our teacher telling us how all of the generals were against starting a second balkan war but ferdinand . . well he was greedy and over-comfident after pushing the ottomans so far east . 
  he was later exiled after ww1 . 
  we do n't like him . 
  during the early 20th century the idea of greater bulgaria was top priority ( like every other balkan country had theirs `` greater x '' ) and the foreign tsar took advantage of that , wanting to rule his own powerful country . 
  ( he had family issues and everyone called him `` unfit to rule '' so he wanted to prove himself . 
  after a thausands died , he was exiled . ), 
  was formed in 681 , so the 7th century . 
  not the 8th . 
  the f *** you say ?!, 
  reeeee, 
  do n't worry about the downvotes . 
  some people do n't see a difference between `` turkic '' and `` turkish '' . 
  the two brothers created and spread the glagolic alphabet for which we do n't take credit , only pride for the reason it was used for some time and is part of our hustory . 
  also we do n't call them bulgarians , we recognise them as romans . 
  just wanted to add that just in case some over proud nationalist steps in . 
  for what we take credit for is the cyrilic alphabet which was developed in the first bulgarian tsardom . 
  foreigners call it `` old church slavonic '' , we call it `` old bulgarian '' . 
  because it was . 
  both names are accurate . 
  the statement that cyril started the developement of the alphabet does n't change anything as climent of ohrid is responsible for its final formation and use , in bulgaria . 
  i hope other bulgarians correct me if i 'm misaken . 
  cheers . 
  i 've lived in beograd for 3 years . 
  you people are awesome too . 
  only brain-dead radical nationalists spread hate . 
  * flashbacks intensifies *, 
  must be fake news, 
  have an upvote sir, 
  i feel tempted to be triggered .
