the mayor looks like he 's 15 . 
  indeed , whattheshit . 
  looks like this is just fake news . 
  sorry guys . 
  my own country is expensive for me too , but i see your point . 
  sorry for the ( probably ) biased link . 
  i bet there are more neutral articles on the matter . 
  i should probably visit fast , when it 's still cheap . 
  would any hallmark card be appropriate though ? 
  `` hope you 're feeling better '' `` keep looking at the bright side ! '', 
  it all seems pretty grimm , given the context . 
  yeah that was the wrong word ... 
  i meant they 're trying to alter an outdated business model that is in dire need of change . 
  obviously they 've improved the poor part of taxi services , but they 've fucked the rest up . 
  yes , because nothing says `` future '' like exploiting people for low wages without any social security and benefits :d, 
  honestly , i do n't get reddit . 
  if a big shitty corporation exploiting people gives them shitty service , the hate train steamrolls through the thread ( ea , comcast , monsanto ) ... 
  but if it 's somehow ` anti establishment ' but still is a fucking shit corporation exploiting people , all of a sudden you 're not allowed to even ask questions about it ? 
  have you ever been in an uber ? 
  how many alternatives to you think there are for unskilled migrants ? 
  they should build a tip option into the app !, 
  yes . 
  this is the uncomfortable truth . 
  i use uber all the time [ melbourne ] , because it 's cheap and super easy ... 
  but many uber drivers , especially those driving outside of `` the surge '' make less than minimum wage , have zero benefits/social security , and from the wage they still have to pay their car , gas , and so on . 
  yes , traditional taxis are a scam . 
  they scam you , drivers are rude and the cars are gross . 
  there is no place to review the service and leave feedback that people take seriously . 
  uber does that a lot better , but i 'd gladly pay a bit more for the driver to earn more . 
  they 're doing a better job but are probably getting paid less . 
  define employed . 
  if i have a masters but i 'm a `` sandwich artist '' ... 
  yeah i 'm quite happy that i chose these years for a 3 years rtw travel . 
  hope things will be less fucked up when i go back home in a year or two . 
  i 'm not in europe at the moment , so maybe i 'm missing something , but i 've seen very little responses about this from other countries/the eu . 
  why the silence ? 
  are we still pretending erdogan is n't a fuckwit , hoping he 'll keep some of the refugees out ? 
  why is n't everyone flipping the fuck out over this , sanctioning turkey , and so on ? 
  except all of dem waterfowl , use your fucking wings !, 
  are n't chechen people orthodox christians ? 
  edit : seriously people , downvote someone for asking a question ? 
  that was n't my post , lol , but [ here you go ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gklwzjbu2iq ) . 
  currently driving around vietnam . 
  paris seems pretty good right now ... 
  woa i assumed he was just a random guy that participated last elections . 
  this guy has been in the game for years !, 
  or is there another guy beneath the mask ? 
  edit for an fyi : lord buckethead ran in 1986 , 1992 and now again in 2017, 
  10-12 packs of stroopwafels !, 
  6 grams of weed for 20 euros ? 
  please take me to your coffeeshop . 
  i have n't seen pot for under 6 euros a gram in years ( den bosch area ), 
  seriously , you cant go a day on reddit without finding a cinque terre pic somewhere on / r/travel , earthporn , pics , whatever . 
  why are people so obsessed with these villages ? 
  i 've been there and i thought it was pretty cool , but i do n't get the hype ... 
  hey , at least i admit it . 
  fact is , most people are not economic majors , and even amongst professionals opinions differ a lot . 
  besides , layman 's opinion are a huge factor in democracy . 
  it sucks , but it 's pretty much how the system works . 
  you are going to have to accept that . 
  my opinion does not stem from economic knowledge , but from the belief in the independence of countries . 
  i love europe for it 's diversity , many cultures and rich history . 
  i see the european union and the euro as an undemocratic/nontransparent threat to that diversity , so you can pretty much extract my opinion on greece dropping out from that . 
  sure , there is a big difference between ideology and reality ; but i do n't always care about that . 
  i think that would be a good move . 
  but then again , i have no working knowledge of economy whatsoever . 
  in the netherlands we use cancer as an adjective . 
  try explaining that abroad . 
  do you feel like you have any influence in corruption in your own government ? 
  some people may be clueless , but not corrupt . 
  as a dutch person , i do not at all see southern countries as lazy . 
  i think you are just screwed over by big banks/corrupt government . 
  edit : the rest of the article gives a pretty good description on our situation though . 
  if i knew that i 'd have a phd in something i guess ... and a job . 
  because creditors benefit from interest rates . 
  cancelling out these loans will cost them money . 
  why would they want to do that ... banks have us by the balls . 
  dit this just happen ? 
  i was there this summer , and they told me it was n't official yet . 
  edit : wikipedia says it happened in june . 
  guess i was there just before that ... 
  these things can happen everywhere . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't trust serbians . 
  what i actually meant to point out was : are n't there still a lot of unresolved issues between serbia and other former yugoslavian countries ? 
  for example , the accession of croatia is hardly making any progress because of border issues with slovenia . 
  are n't relations between serbia , bosnia and croatia even worse ? 
  when i was visiting , a lot of wounds still seemed pretty fresh . 
  i know i am a dick for saying this , but does n't it seem strange to anyone that a country which caused several wars/committed genocide less than 15 years ago can now be considered to join the eu ? 
  just a few years ago serbian authorities still made it pretty difficult to get the last of milosevic 's warlords out to trial . 
  maybe it 's just me though . 
  i grew up during the homeland war of yugoslavia , and all i know of it is bad shit about serbians on the news . 
  shit like tying teddybears to landmines . 
  this kind of impressed me , as a kid , i guess . 
  edit : i do not imply that wars will occur again , i am just wondering if there are n't too many unresolved issues left for yugoslavian countries to work together again . 
  not as much fear as dissatisfaction , i think , in the netherlands . 
  the lower-class just seems to be pissed at everything that `` the man '' tries to stick to them . 
  i always thought a donut was a just berliner without jelly ... 
  i think there 's a big difference between universities . 
  my ( technical ) university has a pretty insane workload . 
  being a nominal student screws over your social life pretty bad , and at my faculty we have to deal with burnouts and stress related suicides on a regular basis .
