  for those of you who care about flinging an 100 kg projectile over 300 meters using a counterweight . 
  augustiner bier . 
  and for good reasons though . 
  we are used to get ourselfs drunk on vast amounts of beer - prefering that of our home region unsually . 
  but 0,5 liters should just not cost more than 1 $ - and if you are in a camper van storage is no problem , so -- we load up . 
  really ? 
  a german folklore show ? 
  why are slovenians interested in that ? 
  then again , once in a supermarket on a danish island they sold soley dvds of marianne and michael . 
  maybe our neighbors north like south enjoy german folklore . 
  one half of the country got a divorce after the war but then came back and in overjoy the other half agreed to remarry without prenup . 
  now it just sits at home on the couch , drinks beer and hates the neighbors . 
  has cost us hundrets of billions sice . 
   edit : apparently , it seems everyone in eu hates selfie sticks . 
  love the edit . 
  at least we can agree on one thing . 
  from greece to france , from italy to sweden - everyone hates selfie sticks . 
  from what i hear you ca n't buy pot in sweden . 
  come to berlin . 
  i live in vienna and last year was so hot i actually bought a mobile ac unit . 
  taiwan numba one !, 
  taiwan numba one !, 
  what a japanese thing to say . 
  off topic . 
  your username reminds me of a band i heard once . 
  moff potter or something . 
  has that anything to do with that ? 
  also , vehicle might get stolen ... muhahaha, 
   keep calm and carry on . 
  rarely is that phrase used in the correct way . 
  this time it is . 
  hi , i do n't get why this get 's downvoted so much . 
  yes , come over . 
  many americans here . 
  if you find your country and your crowd you 'll live a good live . 
  do n't expect your chances to `` make it '' to be higher than in the us and also keep in mind that the cultural differences between your home and your future home could be huge because the eu is very diverse even within the countrys . 
  good luck with your passport and your plans . 
  that makes me very happy to hear that . 
  you got a really good look of an currently very important part of europe and i have a feeling that you brought the right memorys back home . 
  next time check out vienna . 
  all the best . 
  so , how was your trip ? 
  germany : not really legal . 
  do n't let em catch you . 
  better use a official campsite . 
  sweden : perfectly legal as long as you 're not in anyones view and behave . 
  seconded . 
  do this and do it soon , the weather is great right now . 
  speaking as a sender or as a receiver ? 
  germany : definetly yes . 
  i 've send more than a hundred and ( for the company ) looked at thousands . 
  nearly always a picture . 
  we even had a wall , where we would post funny ones ( e.g. 
  in short pants in your parents livingroom or flexing muscles at the beach ) . 
  but we would never invite or not invite based on the picture . 
  skills all that matters . 
  or , as president of germany ( ad ) , johannes rau said :  '' a patriot is someone who loves his fatherland , a nationalist is someone who despises someone elses fatherland . '', 
  3 months `` ask about how trip went '', 
  and the fact that israel , a direct neighbour of lebanon , is in eurovision . 
  like / u/quetzie says : too much in too little time . 
  i 'm from munich ( go to a beer-garden . 
  it 's hot . 
  we 're all there or at the river isar ( flaucher and reichenbachbr\u00fccke are your google searchwords ) . 
  i 've heard in stockholm the harbor is very popular in summer . 
  i was in rural sweden many times . 
  the beauty is the quietness and relaxedness . 
  takes more than three nights to enjoy . 
  in eastern europe , be a bit more carefull in publice areas and when choosing your hotel and istanbul is a wonderfull place , but beeing 19f means being even more culturally sensetive then usual . 
  all in all , have fun , and do n't be afraid to thow your plans overboard and hang with people in stockholm or muncih the whole trip . 
  well . 
  the guy is just a tool but the book he talks about might be dangerous . 
  as a trained book seller , i do can judge a book by it 's cover ( mostly the backside ) . 
  it seems to be one that mixes real concerns with bigot hatred , but tries to hide it a little . 
  with easy to impress minds , like the `` viking '' in the video , it can lead to bad behavior towards refugees and people they might find icky . 
  i 'd stay away from both the vlogger and the author . 
  as someone from the mainland ( of course it 's deutschland ) : those brits may stay on their island forever . 
  we only care about / r/topgear , / r/montypython and / r/drwho anyways . 
  somewhat related . 
  in berlin a couple of years ago we had this canadian friend . 
  she 's been a little homesick for a while so we threw her a canada party on canada day complete with beer with a moose on the logo , handpainted canadian flags and even putin . 
  i guess : tell your friends in geneva that you 'd like to celebrate canada day and have a ball . 
  http://www.quoka.de/ is an alternative . 
  long history in classified ad only newspapers . 
  but ebay is more common nowadays . 
  beg to [ differ ] ( http://lv.vaterland.li/var/upload/newsticker/image/24324_640.jpg ), 
  it 's this general austrian attitude not this particular hypothetic battle . 
  you do n't have to mention your `` little toy army '' ... no country besides us stands a chance anyway . 
  it 's just that you austrians are not getting tired of mentioning that you live in a small country ( now ) ... get over it . 
  so very much austrian of you . 
  you guys need to get over your inferiority complex . 
  give them the gdr back and hope they leave the rest of us alone . 
  on second thought we do n't need them that much anyway . 
  th\u00e4ts why i wrot jk , doofi !, 
  to be absolutely fair , when i speak of `` america '' i 'm always refering to the usa . 
  bad stuff . 
  read the interview noel gallagher gave on the topic of helene fischer . 
  germany is on a slippery slope of terrible music , at least pop-star wise . 
  no language barrier . 
  `` wie ein holl\u00e4nder spielen '' - * to play * [ soccer ] * like a dutchman * . 
  to really suck at * soccer/football * .
