  just because a country has nukes , it does n't mean they are a superpower . 
  because they 're crazy people . 
  they think bush brought democracy and stability to iraq ( that might be true for the kurdish area ) and that obama messed it up, 
  china is not a superpower yet . 
  in 10-15 years they might be . 
  was the us a `` superpower '' before ww1 just because of our economic power ? 
  ... no , you need a strong military, 
  but the annual gdp is starting to grow more than 2 % for once . 
  the next qrt should make up for the losses, 
  i 'm well aware of that, 
  there 's only 1 superpower . 
  the unemployment rate has fallen from 10 % to 5.4 % in 4 years . 
  he came into office in the middle of the recession . 
  and good luck closing gitmo with the republican congress, 
  the uk aslo helped by shipping lots of our supplies to russia as well . 
  the west does n't fear russia . 
  quite the opposite actually , the only reason russia invaded ukraine is because they fear the west . 
  are you sure ? 
  even with no western front or allied supplies to the ussr, 
  and russia wonders why nato `` expanded '' to their border ... 
  no it was n't . 
  the economy recovered 5 years before we entered, 
  well , canada joined an alliance and we were attacked by people who were in afghanistan . 
  it was not just us . 
  it was a joint nato intervention, 
  we force our allies to do anything we want . 
  that 's why we made canada and france to invade iraq with us ... oh wait . 
  no one forces canada to do anything . 
  russia 's gdp is nearly the size of canada 's , but it still has some influence militarily and politically across parts of the globe, 
  well , i disagree with you, 
  germany has a big economy , but no power projection at all militarily . 
  britain is probably tied with france and russia, 
  yes . 
  it got nukes right after the ussr did, 
  the uk is very influential , especially culturally . 
  it has a large economy and one of the best armed forces in the world . 
  well , the uk is the most powerful country in europe, 
  actually , france and britain have many overseas bases ... also , france has the only nuclear powered carrier outside of the us . 
  the uk will get 2 rather large carriers in the next 4 years or so as well ... 
  no it 's not ... nato has 2 other unsc members ... britain and france are still world powers , with strong militaries , they still have the ability to project power on a global stage . . 
  it 's time for permanent nato bases in the baltic states and poland . 
  that would piss off russia so much . 
  that 's why i do not think she should use the word `` no fly zone '' ... she has never advocated for enforcing it militarily , she has said she wanted russia to focus on isis ... the truce has slowed syrian and russian airstrikes , and that 's what i think she was advocating for ... because i specificity heard her say she wants a nfz in agreement with russia/assad , never once heard her say she would shoot down any syrian/russian or even iranian jets . 
  no , she specifically said she wanted the assad regime and russia to agree to a nfz , and to focus on bombing only isis ... she wanted an agreement that limited the bombing , not a militarily enforced nfz , she never argued for that ... she wanted to do what kerry did , a truce that limits the bombing on the rebels and focuses on isis ... yes , she should have worded it better . 
  but no , she never argued for russian planes to stop flying in syria , only that they need to focus on isis , not the rebels ... i have no idea why she would even use the word `` no fly zone '' , maybe she means a `` safe zone '', 
  yeah , half of what he says is something he does n't actually believe . . 
  except japan pays about 2.3 % , so his point is flawed, 
  wow , she did not advocate for bombing russian planes ... stop making shit up ... she wanted nfz in agreement with russia , something like kerry just negotiated, 
  uh , russia violated turkish airspace more than once ... in fact it was so common , a couple day before the shoot down , turkey told them to stop skirting into their airspace . 
  ~ ~ us ~ ~ russia has rights to arm weird bearded guys in ~ ~ syria ~ ~ ukraine who fight against legitimate government . . russia has also invaded ukraine without un permission ... in the end , russia does the same things that they accuse the us of doing . 
   support and finance colour revolutions no proof of this , i assume you are referring to ukraine . 
  are you saying the us forced poland or the uk to invade iraq ? 
  what makes europe russia 's `` backyard '' ? 
  lol ... maybe russia is the one creeping into poland 's `` backyard '' or maybe russia is the one creeping into nato 's `` backyard '' ... russia has no automatic right to a `` sphere of influence '' in europe . 
  european countries can make their own alliances with whatever country they please , maybe if russia did n't enslave eastern europe for half a century , they would n't have ran to nato 's protection . 
  it would not start a world war ... russia would not start a war over a jet getting shot down ... 
  i more concerned of how dangerous it is to fly and turn at hundreds of miles per hours very low , only 30 ft from a ship ... 
  i understand they buzz our ships . 
  we do it to them , but it 's usually not high speed turns at 20-30ft near the ship , usually they buzz at much safer heights . 
  not arms , but nuclear missiles ... after that , russia still had cuba as an ally and still armed them ... the missiles in cuba put the us mainland at risk for the first time , so yes there was a reaction to that . 
  im not arguing for shooting it down . . im not sure what a nation should do in this situation , honestly ... but , a country flying dangerously close to a ship like this , seems very unprofessional , it creates unnecessary tension and danger . . 
  russia can ( and does ... they also fly bombers 40 miles off the californian coast ) sail anywhere in international waters ... and im sure the us would not fly 20 ft above their ships multiple times ... it 's dangerous and unprofessional ... 
  accidents can happen when flying that low and that fast ... what if a pilot makes a wrong turn , and suddenly the jet goes into a destroyer of ours ? 
  that 's my point ... but , if they keep endangering the ship ( like flying 20-30ft above or away from it ) , then what other option would you have ? . . 
  so , hypothetically , we could n't shoot down a jet until after they sink or crash into our ship ... ok , then . 
  or we ( nato ) could close a couple of bases in germany , then put them in eastern europe ... no new expenses would be needed . 
  yes , i am aware of that ... but , russia has broken their agreement to never infringe on ukraine 's sovereignty ... . key words : `` current and foreseeable security environment '' , i would say that russia has completely changed the security `` environment '' ... 
  nato bases ... every member would have to pay something ... the us is not the only country in nato, 
  permanent nato bases in the baltics and eastern europe are needed . 
  and people still question nato 's relevance ... 
  there is a major historic reason why the british and us have bases in germany and not vice-versa, 
  first of all , many nato countries do training missions in the us , but there is no need for european countries to have bases in the us since there is no threat to the us or the alliance . 
  europe on the otherhand borders russia ... secondly nato has two other unsc members ( britain and france ) both of those countries are major world powers with overseas bases themselves , they are more than capable of defending themselves and launching their own operations . 
  of course smaller countries rely on the us , uk and france to protect them , after all , they joined nato for protection ... 
  nato countries are not vassal states to the us ... 
  well . 
  in a couple years , you will have the 2 largest carriers in the world , outside of the usn, 
  the uk still has a world class navy , the best in europe along with france . 
  more is not always better . 
  wait , is france going to conduct strikes in libya ? 
  * `` they could n't let go of crimea without losing their naval base '' * ... uh , what ? 
  russia never had crimea , it was not theirs to `` let go '' ... and btw , i think russia still had decades left on the lease , and could 've worked out a deal with the new government . 
  the us/uk actually opened up an italian front in 1943 and drove out the nazis in north africa as well ... while also fighting the japanese in the pacific and delivering crucial aid to the soviets ... 
  no , the us actually bombed a couple of al-qaeda linked groups in 2014 , not much since , though . 
  india is not a global power ... global powers include uk , france , russia , germany , japan , china , us ... china and the us are of course in a league of their own ... russia is a global power , not a superpower ( only the us is ) . 
  i would say russia is only as powerful as the uk or france ... regional powers would be canada , brazil , india , south korea , etc. 
  i know the us has done air-drops in kobane ... of course we have n't armed them with tanks , but i assume the air-drops consisted of mortars , grenades , ammunition and other light weapons ... in the end , the most important weapons are the airstrikes . 
  the us has already armed the kurds ( in syria ) or the sdf , despite turkey 's objections ... i do not think the ypg/sdf would be willing to lose us air power and shift their focus from isis , to turkey . 
  ha , i love when things upset russia ... 
  finally ... now put some permanent bases in poland and estonia . 
  developing nations will grow faster than the already developed economies of the west ... 
  they could n't , a blockade would be a declaration of war on nato , the french , british and us navies would easily destroy the russian naval blockade . 
  what russia defines as terrorists , perhaps does not match up with turkey 's definition ... russia has had no problem with helping hezbollah ( which many see as a terrorist group ), 
  what ? 
  of course i want nato to defend turkey . 
  turkey is an extremely important member and will be protected if attacked . 
  i just do not think sending f-22s to turkey would actually solve anything . . 
  that would probably just make things more tense . 
  unnecessary . 
  ha , why have a navy at all then ?
