  as far as i know , isis has no navy . 
  because stealth is becoming a standard for all fighters, 
  but should n't someone alert the us military and tell them that / u/sturle said the stealth does n't work ? 
  wow , and you know all of this , how exactly ? 
  russia is not going to invade any nato member ... 
  good , either way is fine ... it 's not like nato forced the baltic states to join . 
  this is why nato `` expanded '' eastward ... 
  yeah , but ppp also has huge problems ... ppp doubles and even triples the gdp of indonesia ( no way indonesia has a larger economy than france ) , india ( goes from 2t to 7t , overtakes japan ) , china , etc and other undeveloped nations ... 
  no , ppp seriously inflates countries with poor currencies , it 's a domestic measure and does not follow the exchange rate ... nominal gdp is much better for comparing global economies to each other , especially since the usd is the reserve currency, 
  does putin really think russia is a leading economic power ? ... the eu alone has 5 separate members with larger economies . 
  in raw economic output , yes they will . 
  since they have more people . 
  not in military or overall power , though . 
  um , they have 1.3 billion people , they will surpass us ... just a bit later than we thought . 
  you 're right , china may now not surpass the us economy until the mid 2030s ( atleast in nominal terms ) now . 
  but still , in the 21 century , economic might is more important than military power . 
  but china is already more of an economic power than the ussr ever was ... the ussr never came close to the us economy , in 15 years ( think about it , china is the first country to challenge american econmic power in more than 100 years . 
  ) , china will surpass the american economy ... i think you 're underestimating china 's power , just because they do n't use their hard power , does n't mean they do n't have it . 
  china and russia are not superpowers , china will be soon . 
  russia has a small economy and china still has a relativity weak military . 
  the us navy is larger than the next 10 countries combined , and the us economy is still the largest in the world ... if you call russia a superpower , then so is japan , uk , france and germany ( countries with much larger economies and blue water navies ) ... 
  the real important commodities in the world are not tomatoes and follow the exchange rate . 
  countries with strong currencies get punished by ppp and countries with poor currencies have their gdp wildly inflated . 
  maybe there 's a reason why that `` tomato '' is cheaper , it 's because your currency and economy as a whole is weak and unstable . 
  im going by nominal gdp , which is better to use when * comparing * other global economies to each other . 
  ppp is better for domestic measure . 
  okay , well spain , a country of nearly ~ ~ 30 ~ ~ 50 million has a larger economy . 
  russia is in danger of their gdp falling below the 1 trillion mark . 
  there are now 5 separate countries in the eu with larger economies than russia . 
  mexico has a larger economy now, 
  yes , everyone on the unsc is ... 
  jordan , just for how small of a country it is , it has done the most . 
  turkey has also done alot for the refugees , but is a much bigger and more powerful country, 
  thankfully the us and others in the british government shot that down , truly crazy idea, 
  nope , i always thought hdi inequality adjusted was a bad measure . 
  i mean , there is no way hungary is more developed than the us , turkey , greece and russia ... imo . 
  but either way , by ( unadjusted ) hdi , the us ranks in the top 5, 
  i was looking at the 2012 report , but still , inequality hdi does not seem like it is a good measure , it has russia behind belarus and sri lanka in front of chile ... 
  yes , because the british government is way better ... 
  it 's a highly developed country ... by both hdi and hdi inequality adjusted , the us ranks in the top 15 , with mostly small european countries doing better . 
  a third world country ... ... ( there are literally no people in the western world , let alone the us that are in severe poverty ) ... ... the rest of your comment makes you sound like an incoherent conspiracy theorist, 
  uk and france are major nuclear powers with strong militaries ... they have enough nuclear weapons to destroy every russian city, 
  yes ... that 's the point of the alliance , and if nato as a whole wo n't act , the great powers us/uk/france will, 
  estonia is in nato, 
  completely different situation ... 
  iran does not have a superior navy ... saudi arabia , at least on paper is much more stronger militarily, 
  thanks for the discussion . 
  you called it propaganda ... how is cnn propaganda ? 
  by your definition every news source is propaganda ... ? 
  how exactly is cnn propaganda ? 
  it 's a very bland no opinion news station ... 
  cnn is state owned ? ... til, 
  she was trying to imply ( repeatedly ) that us troops are in iraq without iraqi approval , that is simply not true ... 
  russia is a threat to the baltic states , therefore nato , and if russia is a threat to nato , then russia is a threat to britain ... 
  assad can not govern after what he did , it 's impossible . 
  they 'll have to negotiate with the opposition , ( and the kurds ) . 
  find a reasonable solution and end this civil war . 
  the same syrian government with a new face, 
  i think op is agreeing with you, 
  1 . the us did not arm the taliban , in fact we armed their enemies . 
  2 . the us invaded afghanistan because we were attacked by a terrorist group that the government of afghanistan protected , it was not an offensive war . 
  libya was pushed by european powers , and was un approved . 
  syria 's civil war was started by assad , not america, 
  russia can still keep it 's naval base in crimea ... 
  russia , a country with 150 million people and an abundance of natural resources , has a smaller economy than italy . 
  corruption is a major problem for russia ... and secondly , constitutional monarchies are democracies with parliaments , kings and queens have no real power , i honestly do n't know where you are going with that ... . . 
  he 's a dictator ... if you have n't noticed , corruption is rampant in russia and their economy is shrinking ... the western democracies are much much better governed, 
  it 's not true , it makes no sense for the turkish government to be buying oil from isis, 
  assad ... pretty much everyone in syria . 
  yeah , but russia wo n't ( and logistically ca n't ) do that . 
  isis tankers traveled through syrian ypg territory and were let through the turkish border . 
  i 'm going call bullshit on that one . 
  yeah , that is weird ... i highly doubt the kurds would allow isis tankers through their territory, 
  it was the first jet , but i do n't know if it was escorted out or if it was just told to leave via radio warnings ... 
  there were 2 jets that flew through the area where the jet was shot down . 
  jet # 1 was told to leave and it did . 
  it was jet # 2 that was shot down after it ignored warnings and entered turkish airspace ... 
  i do n't think the us would allow a russian bomber to take a shortcut through our airspace on its way to bomb a us ally . 
  and vice versa, 
  the us planes may graze russian airspace , but they never enter ( what 's worse ? 
  shooting down an unarmed spy plane or a bomber ? ) . 
  and in turkey 's case , russian planes were bombing their allies in syria and that was n't the first plane that day that violated turkish airspace .2 months ago , turkey told russia to stop using turkish airspace , apparently russia did n't listen . 
  * `` the us does the same to russia & china '' * - no we do n't , the last time the us flew over russia , they shot down our plane . 
  the escorts your talking about happen in international airspace ... do you seriously believe russia would allow a us bomber to take a shortcut through their airspace on it 's way to bomb russia 's allies ? 
  there 's not 1 nato base in the former eastern bloc ... plus it would be more of a show of support for our eastern european allies than anything . 
  poland is closer to kaliningrad and the baltics , so it would be strategically important, 
  when did i say that russia would invade ? 
  they would n't , they 'll do what they did in ukraine and georgia . 
  they 'll conduct a ` silent invasion ' using `` rebels '' , then you 'll have `` donetsk republics '' that would not be officially controlled by russia , but would be essentially russian puppet states . 
  even if turkey supports isis , they still have every right to defend their airspace . 
  just because russia invaded ukraine , that does n't mean that kazakhstan can annex parts of russia . 
  * are we at potential for an all out war with russia ? 
  * - no , but the moment nato shows weakness , `` little green men '' could start showing up in eastern europe. , what then ? 
  do you start a nuclear war over `` oppressed russian rebels '' declaring independence from a nato member ? 
  do you risk western european cities for estonia ? 
  moving a couple bases from germany to poland would actually keep the peace . 
  a us/uk base would be a much stronger deterrent than a piece of paper would, 
  i do n't know what you 're trying to argue, 
  what ? 
  who cares ?
