i was saying that eastern europe was occupied by the ussr , the west was not forced into the us 's sphere . 
  therefore not comparable to the way eastern europe was occupied, 
  which was better than the east in every way possible, 
  there are some delusional people who actually think that, 
  good point, 
  it does n't matter , the title is correct , if they have ukrainian citizenship , then they 're ukrainian, 
  i 'm not arguing that ... you can be ethnically russian , get citizenship in america and then you 'll be american . 
  there are many different races in america , but everyone is regarded as american because they have us citizenship . 
  if you 're a citizen , then yes . 
  i think you missed my point . 
  it 's that simple , they polled people who live in ukraine , therefore they 're ukrainian , just like anyone ( who is a citizen ) in germany is german or anyone in america is american, 
  if ukraine wants to join nato / ~ ~ eu ~ ~ they would have to give up all claims currently occupied by russia and its proxies . 
  they would also have to clean up their crippling corruption . 
  you ca n't be this stupid , ukraine is a country , people who live in ukraine are called ukrainians . 
  that 's only if china can solve its domestic issues , which i doubt . . 
  they 're so insecure, 
  hopefully both finland and sweden join . 
  germany has a huge economy ( 2x bigger than russia 's ) so they might not be able to help militarily , they would help economically, 
  how many air strikes has britain done ? 
  i thought they were contributing at least 10-15 % of the strikes . . ? 
  in a couple years the rn will be the 2nd/3rd most powerful navy , simply because of the new carriers . 
  there are counter measures, 
  yes mostly everyone in the eu is already in nato . 
  seems pointless, 
  russia is pushing more countries into nato with these threats . 
  really ? 
  is n't ireland 's gdp still below 2009 levels ? 
  yep , the us invaded iraq because of oil . 
  something , something , haliburton, 
  give up all claims and join nato/eu . 
  probably the best option, 
  no , the uk , us , and the ussr defeated nazi germany together . 
  do n't forget , the us armed the soviets . 
  britain also delivered supplies . 
  then after the war the soviets held eastern europe captive for 40 years . 
  good luck replacing the world 's most stable currency , with the ruble . 
  haha, 
  yeah ppp , not nominal gdp ( which is better for comparing economies ), 
  russia has a gdp on par with spain even though they have 8x as many people and much more resources . 
  yes . 
  inadvertently . 
  i think every country had some involvement , some more than the us ( saudi arabia , turkey ), 
  assad created isis , not the us . 
  umm no , there are many large news outlets with opposing views , non are owned by the government . 
  russia on the other hand ... 
  it 's funny because european states like france have been advocating for syrian intervention and pushed for the libyan nfz, 
  defense spending is not a good measure when comparing militaries . 
  and yes you could argue that france or britain are stronger than russia . 
  he 's right , russia is on the same level as france , britain or germany . 
  definitely a world power , but not a superpower, 
  nato and the us could care less about a russian naval base . 
  the russian navy is not a threat it never was and never will be, 
  sweden is in the eu , which is kinda like being in nato . 
  well lately they have . 
  when we have a fighting force on the ground like the kurds and iraqi forces , they push isis back, 
  you 're the only one that sounds brainwashed , to be honest, 
  yes , everything is america 's fault . 
  i get it . 
  i did n't tell anyone what to do , i just said that killing the migrants is n't exactly a good idea . 
  that 's the most inhumane way of solving this crisis . 
  it 's the 21st century, 
  yeah , the b2 is unreal . . 
  yes it is, 
  stalin and hitler practically split up poland and eastern europe between each other . 
  yes , europe has not created any mess in the middle east * cough * libya . 
  how is the f-35 useless ? 
  you know what will be useless in the future ? 
  4th generation jets . 
  nato is too strained and extended as it is . 
  no way georgia joins . 
  thanks , fixed it, 
  perhaps . 
  they 're a powerful country , no doubt . 
  but they have no influence outside of their region . 
  russia is no longer the ussr, 
  no it 's not . 
  they do n't have the power or the money to do it to us, 
  with the united states . 
  yes i agree, 
  well , that 's completely unrealistic and you know that . 
  and the baltics, 
  nato has adapted over time . 
  and surely russia is still somewhat of a threat to eastern europe, 
  are you suggesting russia would nuke the us and europe over bases ? 
  you 're crazy . 
  what would russia realistically do ? 
  nothing, 
  we do n't have any permanent bases in eastern europe , iirc because of some agreement with russia in the 90s . 
  china is no where near us power ( maybe in 20 + years ) . 
  china is a success story , it 's a good thing that millions are being lifted out of poverty every year . 
  there is this alliance called nato and it includes the united states . 
  close some down in germany , move them to the baltic sates . 
  piss of russia . 
  it would be a win-win situation, 
  put one in latvia , estonia , and lithuania . 
  oh the russian outrage would be hilarious . 
  we should build a base in poland, 
  good , we need to support our eastern european allies . 
  first of all romania does not border russia . 
  secondly , you 're a kremlin troll if you think the us supporting an ally is provocative .
