  yes i 've heard that . 
  how exactly does that prove anything ? 
  of course the us wants a pro western government in ukraine . 
  but to say the cia orchestrated the entire movement including all protests , is crazy, 
  lol , okay . 
  nato would not invade russia , it would just push them back . 
  so no nuclear weapons would be used . 
  2 . there is no proof that the us was involved in the `` coup '' . 
  after all most of ukraine ( especially in the west ) wanted closer ties with the eu, 
  well , russia knows if it touches any nato member it would be annihilated . 
  it does n't do it out of respect for `` sphere 's of influence '' . 
  russia lost ukraine and is trying to create a frozen conflict . 
  why does ukraine have to be in any `` sphere '' . 
  it 's russian troops invading ukraine , not american . 
  and what the us does to help ukraine is between ukraine and the us . 
  nobody else, 
  and after ww1 . 
  you 're exaggerating us influence . . 
  we do n't have a responsibility to defend every nation on earth . 
  just our nato and pacific allies . 
  many eastern european states have no way of defending themselves, 
  you think the baltic states trust the french , british or germans to defend them ? ... 
  if we liberated estonia we would stop at russia 's border . 
  russia would n't go nuclear as long as we stopped at russia border . 
  who says it would go nuclear ? 
  where 's the devastation ? 
  i 'd argue that the west has brought more good to the world than harm . 
  i guess mao/stalin 's genocide of their own people was n't terror . 
  and soviet domination over eastern europe was ` minuscule ' . 
  but it 's okay to be an authoritarian regime ? 
  why does china or russia get a pass ? . 
  they installed dictatorships , while being dictatorships !, 
  yes . 
  please do . 
  and while you 're at it , list the soviet and chinese backed dictatorships during the cold war as well . 
  in what way ? 
  you 're delusional, 
  we did n't invade afghanistan until the terrorist group they were harboring attacked us . 
  we do not need a huge nuclear armed state falling apart . 
  make no distinction between terrorists and the nations that harbor them, 
  what treaty was this so called `` agreement '' apart of ? ... 
  there was no such agreement . 
  even gorbachev denied this . 
  and even if there was , who cares . 
  the fall of the eastern bloc was a good thing . 
  i think we should put bases in poland and estonia . 
  the agreement is useless now . 
  do n't we have an agreement with russia saying we wo n't put bases in the former eastern bloc ? 
  it 's always been the dominant power . 
  that 's why russia went bankrupt , trying to compete with nato, 
  wow, 
  for most of the population , especially the kurds , the toppling of saddam was a good thing . 
  shocker, 
  but would n't bombing isis at all be `` helping the kurds '', 
  nato is too fragile and overextended as it is . 
  what was ignorant about it ? 
  did i say something wrong ? 
  why the down votes . 
  lol, 
  the iraq war was won very easily . 
  the occupation is a different story, 
  any nuclear power can decide to `` nuke the shit out of a country '' but they would get attacked as well . 
  if russia invaded a nato member everyone would die because of nuclear weapons . 
  they did n't exist back then . 
  it 's a pretty good deterrent, 
  greece will be worse off outside the eurozone . 
  i also would n't call greece a failed state . . 
  they are no letting it go . 
  they want greece in the euro zone . 
  ( well most do ) . 
  well for one they are economically connected to the rest of the eu . 
  you are delusional to think that other eu members would do nothing while another member is attacked . 
  i never said it was . 
  i said finland is in the eu and is connected to the west , ukraine was not . 
  therefore we would most likely defend finland . 
  no need for name calling . 
  the eu is not a military alliance, 
  ukraine was allied with russia until very recent . 
  finland on the other hand is in the eu . 
  if finland announced they 're joining nato . 
  russia would do nothing . 
  if russia invaded finland now even without nato membership , no doubt the west would directly intervene . 
  headline is very misleading . 
  if finland joined nato , russia would do nothing about it . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i thought they only left the integrated military command , not the alliance it 's self . 
  france never left nato . 
  yes , but europe is just an american colony / s, 
  `` retaliate '' , with what ? 
  do you think japan would win in a naval conflict against china ? 
  i do n't, 
  yeah , the country with the largest economy and 2nd or 3rd largest navy was n't that influential / s, 
  they they do n't have a navy or military comparable to ours . 
  until then they wont even be the dominate naval power in asia, 
  the us established the open door policy in asia and by the turn of the century was the number 1 producer of steel . 
  how can you say the us was disconnected economically ? 
  we did n't trade with ourselves, 
  the us had the largest economy by 1900 . the united states was never isolated economically we just wanted to stay out of your wars, 
  im sure the largest economy on earth ( the us ) has the most economic influence . 
  explain ? 
  i think our navy is 4 times larger and our economy is almost twice the size of theirs,
