  good , let them waste their resources, 
  what ? 
  the jet was in turkish airspace , not syrian, 
  no , as it would be russia that would have to fire the first shot . 
  if you think russia will start a nuclear war over a ship , you 're crazy . 
  unless russia wants ww3 they will leave the us jets in syria alone, 
  the us has ships as well . 
  if you think russia can kick the us out of syria , you 're very mistaken, 
  so nato would be allowed to fly it 's planes over russia for 20 seconds ? 
  ? , yeah right ... 
  the us would easily clear out the russian airforce in syria if they shot down our planes . 
  you think the us will get bossed around , lol, 
  looks like the jet circled into turkey 's airspace at least 2 times . 
  awesome, 
  what is russia 's reason for flying in turkish airspace ? 
  is n't that in it 's self an escalation ... i guarantee you if russia shot down a us jet flying over their border , it would be the us being blamed , not russia, 
  different issue , russian jets probably are n't using sweden 's airspace to bomb an area over their border, 
  * `` needlessly escalating a conflict '' * who ? , russia ? 
  yeah they needlessly violated turkey 's airspace, 
  no , turkey has an airspace to defend , good for them for standing up to russia, 
  it was in turkish airspace when they shot at it . 
  the greek-turkish conflicts has nothing to do with this ... that 's a separate issue ... 
  that were in turkish airspace . 
  russia retaliating for what ? 
  violating someones airspace ? 
  how exactly is russia the victim in this ? ... i guess the us should start flying missions through russia since we pose no threat, 
  the plane was probably armed , so turkey had every right to think of it as a threat . 
  the us is helping the kurds , not russia ( they 're too busy propping up a tyrant ) . 
  at the end of the day , turkey has every right to shoot down any jet that violates their sovereignty . 
  heck , russia shot down our spy plane ( unarmed ) during the cold war, 
  this is not the first time russia has violated turkish airspace ... do n't want your jets shot down ? 
  then do n't fly in turkey 's airspace , problem solved, 
  that 3km wide area is turkey 's airspace , turkey does n't want armed jets going through their airspace ... 
  the more idiotic move would be handing over your airspace to russia . 
  a russian jet in turkish airspace ... it 's about time someone stood up to putin, 
  russia will not shoot down coalition planes ... 
  that does n't matter ... literally has nothing to do with why russia is invading turkish sovereignty . 
  turkey is not ukraine, 
  turkey has every right to defend their airspace . 
  why should sovereign countries have to give up their land each time russia threatens them ? 
  they also lost bigger cities . 
  kobane , tel abiad , and al-hasakah ... they lost almost all of northern syria , in just under a year . 
  also in iraq they are surrounded in ramadi , and have been pushed out of tikrit and areas around baghdad, 
  * `` now is is growing stronger every day '' * ... no they 're not , just in the last week they have lost sinjar and many villages in syria, 
  not every country can be as powerful as america , that does n't mean they 're not world powers, 
  nato includes 2 other unsc members with nuclear arsenals and blue water navies ... 
  russia today , probably, 
  i did n't know germany and italy bordered russia ... til, 
  repeat after me : * `` there are no nato bases in the former eastern bloc '' *, 
  it was their choice to accept us money ( the us did not make them puppet states , lol . 
  france left nato 15 years later . 
  in fact it was europe that pushed for nato , not america ) . 
  russia has continued to be hostile to the baltic states ( abducting an estonian `` spy '' in estonia ), 
  there are no permanent bases in the former eastern bloc ... nato has never threatened russia . 
  it 's none of russia 's business where nato puts its bases , as russia does not control eastern europe ... sovereign countries have every right to choose what alliance they want to join . 
  but please continue to spread rt propaganda, 
  countries that were either former soviet republics or satellite states do n't necessarily trust the west to protect them , they do n't want to be russian puppets again , so of course they 're worried . 
  not really , we even stopped the `` missile shield '' ... nato has never invaded and forced a country to join the alliance, 
  can you blame them ? 
  nato should n't just ignore russia 's aggressive actions in europe, 
  turkey has shelled the ypg in syria, 
  first of all , iraq was not justified because of 9/11 , it was wmds ... secondly , im sure the us ( if they wanted ) could invade iraq and justify it , without destroying the financial capital of the world ... 
  why would the us government * want * the 2 largest structures in the world to collapse ... makes zero sense, 
  what ? ... 
  saddam was gassing the kurds ( would n't call that `` okay '' ) ... syria unraveled before any western involvement and libya was mainly a european intervention ( and again , it was in a civil war before any nato intervention ) , pushed by france and britain , not the us . 
  isis lost tons of ground to the kurds and iraqi government . 
  airstrikes were a very important factor in many battles, 
  oh okay , you go back to listening to rt & noam chomsky ... * `` america evil , cia plot , something petrodollar , nato expansion '' * ( am i doing it right ? ), 
  maybe you should take off your tin-foil hat . 
  assad 's government can still make concessions to the kurds , the sdf and other rebels and maybe the two sides can come to an agreement , who knows, 
  the ypg kurds and the moderate rebels that are willing to work with the kurds ( the kurds will not work with al-qadea ), 
  the us did play apart in the instability in region ( never denied that ) . 
  but , isis gained power from the instability in syria , not iraq . 
  that instability was caused by assad for the most part, 
  no not really , have a brutal dictator in power long enough and eventually the entire country unravels, 
  assad 's brutality created the `` other options '', 
  before the war in afghanistan , al-qadea and the taliban protecting them had a safe haven to plan and carry out attacks , today they are fractured and pretty much irrelevant . 
  the us did not create isis ... isis rose from the instability in syria , which was mostly created by assad, 
  * `` but gaining more members as a result of the us airstrikes '' * ... so what ? 
  their battle hardened and experienced troops are being killed by the ypg , who cares if some inexperienced and dumb fighters join isis, 
  except , isis is losing significant ground because of us airstrikes ... 
  afghanistan was justified because of 9/11 ( what else should we have done ? 
  ) , iraq was not, 
  if if if . 
  if assad made reforms instead of killing peaceful protesters , there would be no civil war, 
  sorry the facts do n't fit your narrative , but it 's undeniable that assad 's brutality led to most the instability in syria . 
  ( i am not saying that america has not contributed to some destabilization as well , but it 's not solely america 's fault ), 
  isis exists because of assad 's civil war . 
  al-qadea is largely fractured and iraq seems to be gaining ground every day vs isis , so it 's not a total failure, 
  would you rather isis take over baghdad and kurdistan ? 
  the air campaign has been a success , so far . 
  yes, 
  why are you trying to diminish this ? 
  he said oldest ally , i remember, 
  ppp is a good measure for the domestic economy , not necessarily for comparing countries to each other, 
  well , final gdp figures do n't come out until the end of the year , right ? 
  all you can do is estimate, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_russia . 
  i never said gdp meant power ... it is an important factor though, 
  * the economy of russia * wikipedia page,
