  not if they 're in syria ( no way of `` bringing them to due process '' ) and in a terrorist group . 
  good for france, 
  but , they 're terrorists ... if they 're in isis , then why would n't you bomb them ? 
  what if they try to come back ? 
  spending half of your gdp on military spending for 4 decades , probably did n't help, 
  it 's confusing ... the peshmerga is the military of iraqi kurdistan https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraqi_kurdistan#military, 
  the us is arming the ypg , but not the pkk . 
  the ypg has taken back the most land from isis ( the us airstrikes have helped alot ) and are our only allies in syria that we can fully trust . 
  the ypg are moderate , even russia said the ypg has done the most to fight isis, 
  found the communist ... 
  that 's because of nato not the eu, 
  the us tried to diplomatically avoid a war , and when they knew argentina was the aggressor ( and did n't seek any compromise ) , they publicly supported the uk and even offered them an aircraft carrier in case theirs got damaged . 
  those mean nothing ... the ukrainian people were protesting corruption , the cia did not have thousands of fake protesters start a revolution in ukraine ... 
  ukraine was and still is a hybrid regime , never really a full democracy because of corruption , state controlled media , etc. 
  the cia did not organize a revolution , the ukrainian people did . 
  russia can not annex and occupy another country , just because they disagree with who their president is ... the ethic russians were not attacked , there is little proof of that . 
  without nato , i believe eastern europe would be under russia 's influnce , and it 's highly likely that what 's going on in ukriane would be happening in estonia , latvia , or lithuania ... 
  so , just like the cold war , then ? 
  make russia relevant again ... he knows he ca n't do that with a faltering economy ( now smaller than australia 's ) , so he is doing it by showing off russia 's military , just like the cold war, 
  they are completely different situations ... i 'm sure russia would n't want foreign planes in their airspace, 
  i said ** military ** technology , so you must have mis-read my post ... even if you 're talking just missiles , the us is well ahead of russia in that regard as well , especially when it comes to the navy . 
  the tomahawk missile is still the best cruise missile out there . 
  explain ... why do n't they have more than 1 aircraft carrier , why do n't they have a stealth fighter ? . 
  the us is well ahead of any country , especially when it comes to the military, 
  they are not ahead of the us ( or the rest of nato ) , there 's a big gap , currently only the us has any type of stealth jet/bomber . 
  their missiles may be bigger and faster , but they 're not as accurate . 
  they are second only behind the west , in military technology , albeit a huge gap, 
  i think a cruise missile landing way off target , is different than a plane crash ... anyway , i understand that russia `` modernizing '' their forces , maybe they were just having a few problems , who knows . 
  if this is confirmed , that 's embarrassing, 
  they supported the ukrainian people opposing corruption and dictatorship ... 
  nato did not overthrow the ukrainian government ... 
  ukraine was n't in nato ... 
  exactly , that guarantees british commitment, 
  the pkk does not = kurds . 
  as long as turkey does n't bomb the ypg in syria , nato does n't care, 
  it 's a show of support , of course 100 soldiers would n't do anything to russia . 
  it shows that britain is serious about it 's nato commitment to the baltic states . 
  britain has a capable military . 
  the strongest in the eu, 
  france , britain and russia are world powers along with china ( probably the strongest out of those 3 ) . 
  the us is a superpower . 
  the uk and france have a seat at the unsc . 
  advanced navies ( blue water navies ) large economies ( 2x larger than russia ) . 
  they 're not in the same league as the us or china , but certainly world powers . 
  what did i say wrong ? ... genuinely curious, 
  why ? 
  they should complain about it . 
  would you rather them shoot down the planes ( which they have every right to ), 
  yes they can . 
  this is a completely separate issue . 
  im saying they used to be a regional power ( in the 90s following the collapse ) , now they 're a world power , like france or britain . 
  russia has violated turkey 's airspace 5 times . 
  does n't seem like it 's an accident . 
  hopefully turkey does n't tolerate this . 
  russia shot down a us plane during the cold war ... i think turkey has the right to defend its sovereignty, 
  russia is not a regional power anymore . 
  it 's 2015 not 1995 . 
  hypothetically ... i was making a point , that nuclear weapons would n't be necessarily used in a nato vs russia conflict, 
  except , that russia would n't use nukes ... nato could push them out of the baltics ( just an example ) using convention forces . 
  then if russia thinks estonia or latvia is worth nuclear war , we 'd be screwed, 
  the us would defend nato , so would france and britain , basicallly the great powers in nato would defend any ally in the alliance . 
  that 's how it works, 
  not really . 
  cant use those without destroying yourself, 
  uk , france , germany and the us , combined are 20 times more powerful than russia ... 
  2 superpowers ? 
  berlin wall came down in 1989 . 
  turkey is in nato . 
  nato is an alliance led firmly by america . 
  do you know your talking about ? 
  do you think the us would stand on the sidelines while a nato ally ( not just some random country ) is attacked ? 
  are you that naive ? 
  i meant actual conflict , not war games . 
  russia would n't invade turkey , they might mess with turkey , but they would n't dare attack a nato member . 
  the us in 4 weeks captured baghdad ( iraq at the time had the 4th largest army ) . 
  the occupation that followed is different ... russia on is powerful , but the us is much more powerful . 
  do you really think russia would pick a fight with the most powerful nation , ... because their jet got shot down ... 
  and russia would n't do a damned thing against a nato ally . 
  1 . nato . 
  2 . ussr was controlled by russia , the un recognizes russia as the legal successor state . 
  they even agreed that all nuclear weapons in the the former su was property of russia . 
  any form `` destruction '' of turkey would lead to a response by the united states and hopefully our allies ( blockade , sanctions , potentially full out war ), 
  yes , turkey is an ally , russia would n't touch nato and vice versa . 
  you think russia would risk war with the united states over some jet being shot down ? 
  it 's scary that you seem to think russia `` setting istanbul on fire '' is a proper response to turkey defending its self, 
  russia would n't defeat turkey , either ... and your second point . 
  to your logic , i guess the british empire of the past and the united kingdom today are separate entities, 
  you said if turkey defended it 's airspace that ** `` russia would set half of istanbul on fire . 
  '' ** what else does that imply ? 
  it 's true . 
  but since russia is scared of nato , they would n't do anything to turkey . 
  turkey has every right to defend it 's airspace, 
  no , if russia nuked istanbul , they would be the aggressors and the us would respond . 
  the whole world would condemn russia . 
  but thankfully russia would never touch turkey ( because nato ), 
  russia is the legal successor state of the ussr . 
  what ? 
  if russia nuked istanbul , the whole world would condemn russia and the west would retaliate ... this is all hypothetical and completely unrealistic to think russia would ever attack turkey, 
  exactly my point . . 
  uhh , yeah they would turkey is in nato ...
