  me too, 
  of course we can . 
  the average spaniard watches so many hours of tv it 's astounding . 
  it 's pretty safe to asume that most people only have one snack between breakfast and lunch . 
  uk is becoming the us . 
  things like this ca n't help the educational system and i pity the poor soul that thinks it does . 
  yeah , a woman slapping a man is so much acceptable than otherwise . 
  it might be more humiliating , but being the stronger one means that ultimately , you are safer if it comes to fight for your life . 
  is public transportation that bad ? 
  oh i see now . 
  not to forget `` pickpockets are always on the lookout for any distraction , so they can steal your belongings . 
  please look after your belongings . '', 
  queue japanese version . 
  * bro do you even metro ? 
  you can blast music in the subway with your shitty phone and not get punched in the face . 
  i will look bad at you , however . 
  trust me they do , they do alright . 
  niggermany ? 
  why so angry ? 
  we are in a very bad spot . 
  germany or ireland . 
  loved both for different reasons . 
  well i did n't vote for them . 
  1kw ca n't even run a hairdryer . 
  but they use that average because people spend way less than 24 hours using electricity . 
  in fact , assuming 8h work + 8h sleep , it 's a measly 8h . 
  thing is most people have the same schedule so the peak power use for 6000 households would be way more than 6mw, 
  the thing with egypt was the 2-round system . 
  it 's very different . 
  because it 's hard to get a number of people to agree , secially if you use assamblea . 
  trust me i am a volunteer in an organization that does this and sometimes it 's impossible to decide stuff . 
  voting is not pointless . 
  it is if you vote bipartidism . 
  also if you care so muh you can start a party . 
  this is all true except your last point . 
  pp is governing on so small number of votes because people do n't go vote . 
  that seems rather complicated . 
  definitely true . 
  please catalans do n't leave . 
  me cago en tu puta madre - i shit on your whore mother arrimando cebolleta - approaching the onion ( haha ), 
  something that does n't ? 
  yep , caritas is flooded , there is n't enough food . 
  because spain is pretty bad in a lot of things . 
  meanwhile in spain , 2500 $ a year because fuck you . 
  and other post ob students do n't pay ... 
  uk is getting real bad . 
  are you somehow implying that all north koreans are okay with the situation they live in ? 
  that 's a nice ad hominem you got there . 
  how many potatos does it take to kill an irishman ? 
  none . 
  depends on the country . 
  the ones in barcelona have sofas an all that . 
  in catalunya it 's marc for boys . 
  personally i enjoy voll damm . 
  i 'm into wheat beer but there is n't much of that here . 
  too light . 
  oh yeah that wine is spanish cheap `` sangria '' . 
  drunk teenage girls drink sangr\u00eda don sim\u00f3n . 
  it 's awful . 
  and if you vomit that , it 's pink and smells like a dead dog . 
  are you 12 ? 
  this is a very immature comment . 
  yeah , it is rather small though . 
  you might not fit in . 
  honestly i do n't care much about what happens to my corpse but i can understand people that do . 
  i guess that would be doable . 
  that 's disgusting . 
  you do n't even get to decide how to die ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i learnt from playing videogames pretty much . 
  but i still think it 's pretty simple compared to most languages . 
  but fearmongers thrive when times are harsh . 
  see post 9/11 us . 
  i guess most languages are hard compared to english . 
  rampant ignorance . 
  spanish police is the worse . 
  yeah like you know something about this . 
  that guy is catalan . 
  he used to wear a catalan flair . 
  yet of course pp speaks about the silent minority . 
  as you wish it shall be done , merkel sedai . 
  yeah you are right , bilbo sounds a bit weird . 
  the worst thing is people are like `` oh the gov is raising the pensions '' . 
  i find it amusing that you put san sebasti\u00e1n as donosti but did n't call bilbao `` bilbo '' . 
  you ca n't expect people to vote for the best . 
  a big example is reddit 's default subs . 
  i was too . 
  and i prefer it like this so much . 
  i think people make this to be a bigger issue than it is . 
  also obviously no sane 18 yo would get circumsiced . 
  i can testify it is the most extreme pain i have ever felt . 
  some people do . 
  love me some mustang . 
  hate waking up when it 's full dark . 
  i feel dirty . 
  conservative people . 
  and racism . 
  a lot of them actually . 
  implying it 's not mostly true ? 
  some people will look the other way when presented the uncomfortable truth .
