unless you are enough people to support a state infrastructure i doubt that 's viable, 
  and they did gather more than 50 % of people that voted yes or no . 
  i hope it 's not romeva . 
  the whole point of that is paying lots of taxes to madrid and getting a fuck you in return . 
  but you can keep pretending catalans are greedy and stupid . 
  well they do have a point . 
  not letting people vote is ... 
  please fill in the gap . 
  exactly . 
  hence undecided . 
  eh we want to do it properly but you will not let us even vote . 
  so yeah . 
  my way or the highway . 
  48 % yes , 39 % no , rest undecided . 
  podem is not pro union . 
  the salt is real . 
  but muh 48 % !, 
  id it goes both ways ... start opening your wallet sir . 
  we are also enslaved to the votes in soria that count 5 times as much as in bcn and madrid . 
  podemos is unionist ? 
  please . 
  that would be delicious . 
  this is good for separatism . 
  i 'm not gon na complain . 
  let them vote their rajoy again . 
  i might not vote in the general elections because honestly , have your pp . 
  48 39 last time i checked though . 
  csqep is neutral . 
  internal polls show they are around 50/50 . 
  exactly . 
  with podemos in power some people would regain faith in a proper communication . 
  me myself do n't think podemos will win this december so it 's all sand castles . 
  well we do n't either . 
  it 's 40 worked hours . 
  i do n't get paid for lunch time . 
  yes that 's correct . 
  worrying that a foreigner has to tell a spaniard how to correctly interpretate the results . 
  but that 's strictly true . 
  they have not positioned either way . 
  they are pro dret a decidir . 
  which is neither yes or no . 
  drowning in downvotes . 
  speaking about dishonest leaders and not mentioning romeva ... ai aleix . 
  that 's political suicide , any use of force is . 
  lol, 
  it 's even better not having an army . 
  what are the tanks going to do ? 
  seize the president ? 
  haha, 
  plus cup, 
  set up a referendum in santaco and see for yourself . 
  if you get the votes i do n't see why not . 
  you 'll see , santa coloma is not big enough to have adequate state infrastructure so i do n't think it will ever happen . 
  well pp should have changed the law when it no longer benefitted them . 
  lol, 
  this `` news '' is 9 days old . 
  i got to agree that romeva is a clown . 
   vote is secret my friend, 
  lol, 
  we all do prefer a referendum . 
  there 's lots of people like you in podem . 
  not if you believe in the right to self determination . 
  we tried to get some privileges like them . 
  then constitucional happens everytime . 
  why should we respect spain 's choice ? 
  did the colonies ? 
  was it wrong , in your opinion ? 
  we did n't get even the estatut . 
  what are you on about ? 
  general elections should n't decide for us . 
  catalan elections should . 
  i did n't vote for mas . 
  anyways a party is much more than a president , and this is all we got to vote on independence . 
  definitely an imperfect solution , but the only one . 
  what happens when you believe the law is wrong but you ca n't change it . 
  ca n't even negotiate . 
  drop bears and killer spiders too . 
  i 'd love to have time for siesta every day !, 
  that 's one way to look at productivity . 
  but there are others . 
  good ole renfe, 
  ah i love some fresh paternalism . 
  you know sooo much better than us !, 
  i 'm sorry senpai , i should stop trying to eat mas ' bullshit eh ? 
  8 to 4 and half hour for lunch is n't even 40 hours a week . 
  i do have catering at my company , but the building is huge , there 's a queue because there are thousands of workers , and only 3 or so staff in the lunch room , you 'd have to hurry to eat in 30 min . 
  my previous company was small and i used to bring a tupperware , so eating took 20 min . 
  yep , rajoy is n't even in the election !, 
  just coincidence , move along folks nothing to see here . 
  i got ta say i 'm kind of nervous , tonight is going to be exciting !, 
  you never know with the silent majority , heh . 
  30 is inhumane dude, 
  vw has hybrids and evs too . 
  the market is n't there yet and they know it . 
  yep, 
  i voted today , 
  of course . 
  it would be dumb to do otherwise . 
  but we are thinking mid term . 
   their politicians are the most corrupt in spain citation needed .
