  the lighting usually gives it away . 
  stop trying to make / r/irishnews happen . 
  i 'm not the guy who wrote that comment . 
  i know very little about newspapers in spain . 
  i do n't read newspapers or care about them at all . 
  haha good one man . 
   the leader of the catalan socialist party , pere navarro , has resigned . 
  about time . 
  his campaign for the europeans was terrible . 
  no message at all , just sad . 
  that flying free bit was awesome . 
  keyword being maintain . 
  getting to that weight though ... 
  while that 's not true , keep in mind that these people are among the most important people in the whole eu . 
  still incorrect , i am not sure how it works there , but not all taxes are multiplicative . 
  some are additive . 
  you do n't need to . 
  this is taught when you are 12 in high school here . 
  5 upvotes ? 
  5 people do n't understand how percentages work , lol . 
  why do very high earners pay less tax ? 
  you mean a troll ? 
  vat does n't add , it multiplies . 
  maybe he 's self employed . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i like doing something useful every once in a while . 
  unlike right now :p, 
  trying to start a circlejerk huh . 
  and yet they did n't cut their profit margins . 
  i do n't see how competition is affecting apple at all , really . 
  also they did n't have competition at first because smartphones were n't a thing . 
  not because there was n't money to be made . 
  corruption is like cancer . 
  it spreads . 
  but apple already has competitors . 
  it 's just that their marketing is too good . 
  the consumer is n't well informed , so the basic laws of competition do n't work here . 
  if they did , apple would n't be selling 600 $ iphones like candy . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i mean that apple is paying almost no taxes , yet their most sold product has a 50 % profit margin . 
  cheap products ? 
  apple makes nearly $ 300 per iphone sold . 
  cheap . 
  they pay a lot of taxes and do n't get pension . 
  if half are dead by 67 , that cuts pension costs by at least a half . 
  everybody worth mentioning haha . 
  it is widely known that we are stupid and lazy . 
  oooor maybe it 's about time to fiscalize drugs and maybe even sex . 
  everybody wins , literally . 
  i agree . 
  furthermore , one of the big problems with rape is that most people fear being randomly attacked and raped while on the street at night . 
  that 's very unlikely . 
  however being assaulted by an angry ex-boyfriend , not so unlikely . 
  hey guys you should stop it with the personal attacks . 
  it 's not funny and i hope the mods step up . 
  that 's not true . 
  i know in spain , or at least in catalonia , the cities that are more xenofobic are the ones more packed with immigrants . 
  show me some numbers man , i 'm not buying it for a second . 
  i do n't feel appreciated in my own country so there 's that . 
  because sexism . 
  they feel that they can control a woman . 
  i can confirm the second part of the post . 
  actually there 's a lot of effort in school . 
  it 's just that people do n't give a fuck . 
  we learn english starting at 8 year olds . 
  that 's just like , your opinion . 
  when i listen to portuguese people talking , i do n't understand shit , but i 'm sure that you do n't understand spanish people either . 
  not necessarily population . 
  just active population . 
  and banks are constrained by their reserves too . 
  i 'm not too big on finance , but i am certain there 's a ratio to be met between actual money and money lent . 
  it ca n't go down any further . 
  but it 's growing very slowly . 
  we are n't creating jobs , it 's just that active population is decreasing faster than jobs . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  i do n't think france is a good ally . 
  because population is very politically active , and if an unpopular decision is made by the government , people will fuck everything up . 
   we 're a hegemony that 's just not true . 
  there are other strong geopolitical forces in the world . 
  the triangle abc is intersecting ... please god not this, 
  average vs median, 
  they look so fucking cool . 
  i am not sure that fossil fuels are subsidized . 
  i mean , as a means of energy production yes . 
  but not in cars and such . 
  costs are bound to come down if technology advances . 
  i am fairly sure that solar panels are well into mass production already . 
  why does it bother you at all ? 
   headline : spanish court makes first conviction of bankers since start of crisis . 
  actually , they were managers of a regional saving bank . 
  and they wo n't go to prison ; their prison terms are one or two years ; they skip prison because they returned the $ 28.6 million in retirement plans that they granted themselves illegally before leaving the company actual headline : if you steal money and then give it back , it 's ok . 
  i think this is obvious . 
  yet i keep seeing this kind of post and comment . 
  what do you mean ? 
  like shooting them ? 
  mexican people is great , gringo . 
  cool , it 's 1936 all over again :p, 
  that 's all good and dandy . 
  but ceuta and melilla ca n't take 100 immigrants a week . 
  it 's crazy .
