   denser than air  sustainable flight pick one, 
  some spanish people . 
  can you read ? 
  it 's kinda working . 
  i mean we are n't stopping the ukraine thing . 
  i disagree . 
  for example , i feel like i 'm a bit opressed by the central government and some spanish people . 
  so in order to show my identity , i own a small estelada and i bring it to demostrations when i go to one . 
  i mean people carrying the flags have a bad connotation for me . 
  thus i 'd never do it . 
  not because i do n't feel spanish . 
  i do . 
  i think t was a great thing . 
  it feeds the flames . 
  eh it 's kinda like the spanish fiag . 
  sure , i do feel spanish . 
  but the kind of person that goes around with one is not one i 'd like to be associated with . 
  damn spaniards ruined spain . 
  define vary wildly . 
  i 'd like to see some sources . 
  i mean , can it double or get halved ? 
  plebiscitary ( sp ? ), 
  elections most likely . 
  i had an early nokia smartphone and it suuuuucked a lot . 
  eh , calories out  calories in . 
  it 's basic thermodynamics . 
  eh our minister of health knows nothing about medicine . 
  she studied sociology and politics . 
  fun fact : she once said that kids in andalucia ( spanish region ) are practically illiterate . 
  so i 'll take your minister if you do n't want her . 
  it 's very easy to eat an hypocaloric diet . 
  i mean , unless you are addicted to food , which i can understand . 
  but there 's no blaming childhood . 
  it plays a role , and probably her parents sucked for that . 
  but you can fix it if you want . 
  i know . 
  but that means changing the habits of people , which they would have to do voluntarily . 
  you ca n't force them . 
  but nuclears require no effort . 
  what do you mean use wind ? 
  also , going nuclear does n't compromise our eating habits . 
  it 's not the money . 
  it 's all the co2 avoided . 
  which also means more money , more deaths and climate change . 
  but let 's keep burning coal . 
  it 's terrible, 
  i 'd say it 's a tie-in between castilla la mancha and castilla le\u00f3n . 
  i even felt a bit awkward when i visited valladolid . 
  i saw some bullfighting and heard some truly ugly stuff . 
  but the food was great !, 
  ouch that 's a good one, 
  i do . 
  we are celebrating genocide , it 's terribly wrong . 
  eh you can come to catalunya and have some churros . 
  tapas are n't that good or that cheap here , got ta admit . 
  they are very diferent . 
  for example the eu does n't forbid avortion . 
  portugal and spain will have a fusion when rajoy publicly supports catalan independence . 
  i bet failing is n't a new thing to you . 
  cherish , my compatriots . 
  for today we celebrate genocide !, 
  hooray !, 
  they downvoted because it is literally wrong . 
  there 's no reason to upvote something like this . 
  it 's not because they disagree . 
  which they do alright . 
  i upvoted so more people can see how ridiculous the anticatalanism is in the rest of spain . 
  have you been to a middle school in vietnam ? 
  i swear they eat the pinky toe of everyone with blue eyes !, 
  especially in rural parts . 
  it was n't me . 
  do you read usernames before acussing people ? 
  also , think about all the poor indians that got ruined because the colonias separated . 
  horrendous stuff , they should make a movie . 
  i guess you could call it interesting . 
   the airport of barcelona is physically super big , one of the 50th biggest in the world when barcelona is not by far in top 50 cities by population , specially after the construction of the t1 terminal . 
  the reason behind madrid taking all the transatlantic flights is mainly logistical , not some sort of petty revenge . 
  maybe because it has a big volume of passengers ? 
  the population matters little . 
  how stupid , lol . 
  and the problem with the constitution is not that we do n't want to follow procedure . 
  it is that , that way it is n't going to get changed , because the rest of spain has a majority that is anti-separation . - but we ( or at least i do ) believe that it is immoral that the rest of spain has a say on wether we have to stay or not . 
  what do you mean with the relations ? 
  trains ? 
  there 's families in diferent nations ( oh the horror ) ? 
   it did happen , in the 2nd republic , in 1934 , the catalan republic was proclaimed by the president of the generalitat . 
  it was a personal more a personal move by him that an institutionalized act that the majority of the catalans wanted . 
  this is simply not true , you just have to see what happened in the civil war to understand . 
  you are also trying to make someone believe that there 's an elite here controlling things . 
  this is not russia . 
  polls have shown what we want . 
  in fact , the elite ( think pujol ) do n't really want independence , because they have a lot of money to lose . 
  what do you mean ? 
  you are not proving the brainwashing , because it 's simply not there . 
  you might consider bringing little kids to demonstrations brainwashing , and i quite agree , but everybody and their mother does this . 
  it means nothing about the nature of the independentist movement . 
  it 's not that i 'm happy or not . 
  it is that you are giving factually wrong arguments . 
  a lot of them . 
  add in it some logical phallacies and you have this completely shit post masked as an historical explanation of how we got here .
