  madrid 36 congressmen , spain 200 congressmen . 
  wait what, 
  rajoy is too soft with them . 
  they just want money . 
  that is rather machiavellic . 
  i do n't think the catalans deserve to vote , legally or not . 
  mas should rot in jail , law breaker and corrupt . 
  the no people are also denied their vote . 
  because they do n't get a referendum either . 
  which is good because they do n't deserve any . 
  it is only 48 % of the population , not even a majority . 
  i try to live up to my country . 
  yes and i voted for juan carlos i rey de espa\u00f1a . 
  yep catalans are so greedy . 
  well it is known catalans like to skip the law . 
  god bless the tribunal constitucional !, 
  source : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c4in5dkpexy, 
  i am spanish , says in my dni :d i can fully legally use my flag as a flair . 
  unlike the catalans that like to skip the law so much . 
  fully agree . 
  so how much ? 
  i changed my mind after the yes lost so blatantly . 
  ah there 's never a thread without separatist talk ... 
  90 % is too little . 
  i think 99.9 % , high risk of deadlock . 
  yeah , they want to have their cake and eat it . 
  it 's almost like they think that spain should care about a small part of their citizens . 
  they never think about the rest . 
  selfless and greedy . 
  and mas is corrupt . 
  exactly . 
  unless you can get 90 % of votes , what 's the point ? 
  they would reconsider if they left real quick . 
  yes . 
  law must be upheld above all . 
  i changed my mind , like mas did . 
  only he did it for corruption , i did it because i saw the light . 
  why would we trust the catalans to do that and not take their 3 % ? 
   60 year old army veteran with a spanish flag gets attacked by 3 pro-independace guys . 
  they get their ass kicked : the dude rightfully attacked the smelly perroflautas . 
  yep , sadly , pp francoism died with fraga . 
  https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/manuel_fraga a sad day for spaniards with values . 
  republicans ( which were just as bad as franco ) they were way worse , they tried to separate society in two halves . 
  they even wanted votes to matter . 
  oh it can . 
  i remember zapatero almost approved the estatut . 
  it was n't an election . 
  it was an illegal referendum . 
  so it had to be stopped , else the catalans think able to decide for themselves . 
  should just call it illegal , we know it is . 
  you ca n't just skip laws because you want people to forget that you are corrupt . 
  also catalans are greedy . 
  it 's not historical opression i care about . 
  it is the opression we get by not being allowed to vote . 
  give me a referendum and i will shut up . 
  consultation is the word you are looking for . 
  you know what he means, 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about corona d'arag\u00f3 , 1714 or much at all . 
  the future is what matters . 
  so what ? 
  around 2 million people voted in 9n . 
  obviously people want to vote . 
  but it is denied by the central government . 
  law is no excuse for lack of democracy, 
  no , i do not think so . 
  maybe podemos . 
  but most likely wo n't get enough results . 
  my opinion is that nobody will fix the situation , because that would make them lose lots of votes . 
  not him , all of us . 
  even the ones that vote no have their rights taken away , but are such bloody fools to not care . 
  ca n't you see how ridiculous it is to consider organizing a vote a crime ? 
  being charged for organizing a vote is not a scandal . 
  makes you a martyr , rather . 
  god forbid someone reforms the constituci\u00f3n . 
  it would have benefitted separatism to charge him before elections . 
  we want the judiciary not to manipulate results . 
  hence not hide something until almost a year after . 
  how the fuck is it not judiciary ? 
  damn this pisses me right off . 
  an influence they would have tried to avoid . 
  this would have sunk the pp and psc even further . 
  cmon dude . 
  first result on google . 
  almost one year . 
  and then do it two days after elections . 
  i ca n't even . 
  yes , do you ? 
  two days after elections . 
  that adds up to 100.36 % lol, 
  you think spanish banks will close ? 
  discussing unfinished text is not very productive . 
  it would be a massive clusterfuck . 
  48  39 you mean surely, 
  he is heading a list for a party but he would n't be president . 
  pegues *, 
  hurrr durrrrr my language is opressed, 
  ppsoe wo n't and podemos will not get enough votes . 
  nobody knows what will happen but without cup support the process is dead in the water . 
  i would shit about all of you if i knew enough to justify it !, 
  never .
