  i have a close family member that spent some years in there . 
  a diferent person when he got out . 
  except that there is literally no reason to be scared of lgbt people . 
  you can dislike them for whatever twisted reason , the law does n't prohibit that . 
  you just have to respect their rights . 
  and that includes voicing your dislike , for obvious reasons . 
  it did . 
  check the law here if you know catalan . 
  http://www.parlament.cat/activitat/bopc/10b083.pdf#page=25 not true . 
  http://www.parlament.cat/activitat/bopc/10b083.pdf#page=25 you can check the law here . 
  obviously in catalan . 
  does n't seem like it says anything about proving innocence ... edit : read the whole thing , does n't say anything about that . 
  but it mentions positive discrimination and that 's a bit concerning to me . 
  in the north of catalunya there 's a shitload of french people . 
  seriously , go to figueres , l'escala or something like that and it 's basically france . 
  so hard to decide !, 
  dunno about scammers but taxi drivers are the absolute worst drivers . 
  at least in barcelona . 
  there 's a limited amount of licenses and they can be resold . 
  watcha mean ? 
  i know some of those words . 
  too soon :(, 
  44\u00ban reporting in . 
  binge drink ocasionally . 
  sorry man . 
  yo , that 's sexist . 
  the constitutional is a complete joke . 
  those judges should be ashamed . 
  it is what it is . 
  currently , all pro unionist parties are right wing . 
  there is no denying it . 
  well , there is psc but they do n't even know how to tie their shoelaces because they are so insecure . 
  hiw are we going to push for a constitutional amendment . 
  it is clear that we do n't have a majority in the whole country . 
  but that does n't matter to us , because in my opinion , the pp should follow uk . 
  run a better together campaign , but allow us to vote . 
  but they wo n't , because they know the outcome . 
  it is an excuse because they are n't changing it to mantain the status quo . 
  as in , it 's not that the law forbids it , it is that the government does n't want it to happen . 
  a d you say that it is understandable that the government wants to mantain the status quo ? 
  maybe understandable , but certainly not acceptable . 
  the point of any government is to provide for its citizens in a democratic manner . 
  our government is doing both wrong . 
  but you live here . 
  you know how things are . 
  honestly i 'm okay with people that have an opinion on wether the vote should take place or not . 
  but arguing on yes or no ... 
  they might have valid points but it is impossible that they see the bigger picture . 
  not even the rest of spain ca n't vote because arguably it 's not their decision to take . 
  imagine the say the rest of europe has . 
  they are n't changing the constitution because they do n't want to . 
  it 's just an excuse . 
  no , you misinderstood . 
  i 'm saying those cities have been traditionally right wing , so they are more likely to vote no . 
   public opinion is one thing , but given that 45 % voted yes in my native scotland it just shows how dangerous direct public opinion is , and how it should never be used to influence key decisions on which the electorate are completely ingnorant about . 
  i. . . what ? 
  this is literally how democracy works . 
  issues that you could assume the public ignores would be things like infrastructure developing . 
  not this , this is the very basis of democracy . 
  honestly i see all these people commenting about this . 
  but what do you actually know about our independence movement ? 
  serious question . 
  pixapins, 
  not much . 
  mostly young people . 
  because we have traditionally been very good at democracy and inner diplomacy . 
  we make out around half of the spanish people . 
  why is that , we are like , 15 % of the total population ... 
  i can agree with this sentiment . 
  i 'm not wearing a spanish flag . 
  it 's not wrong though . 
  there 's some cities in catalunya that have a more right wing approach to politics . 
  sometimes downright racist and backwards . 
  for example terrassa is quite famous for getting quite a few votes for a certain racist party . 
  no it is not . 
  there are several reasons . 
  for example not having a central government that wants to meddle into our language and education systems . 
  or having a government that actually represents the ( very different ) political will of catalunya . 
  instead of the ( totally backwards imo ) of the rest of spain . 
  see election results . 
  pp is the third or fourth force in here . 
  it won general elections in spain several times . 
  it is a clearly anticalanist party . 
  says it all , really . 
  the referendum got the support of ~ 920 out of 940 municipalities . 
  quite impressive me thinks . 
  this is the very reason we do n't want the rest of spain to vote on this . 
  you have this strange view that we are money hungry . 
  we tried to go the estatut way . 
  the central government laughed at us and now it 's probably too late for that . 
  we have been dialoguing and asking for more competences for decades . 
  the central government is the number 1 responsible for this . 
  they fed this movement until we are now majority . 
  not even people in the tourist office would use english , and then the same happened in hotels and restaurants . 
  i visited paris for a few days and literally everybody refused to speak english and be polite . 
  i can extrapolate from the 20 i met . 
  i 'm the politest motherfucker in the bloc . 
  that 's spending more in gas than the fruit is worth, 
  the second one is strange , there are no fruit trees in barcelona . 
  the french are really good at technology and science in general , i think .
