  add taxes social security etc. 
  dude if you believe making an international call costs the operator 50cent per minute , you need a new fermi estimationer . 
  implying we have 4g reception . 
  hint : it 's not everywhere . 
  energy can be bought . 
  i 'm not sure about water but i guess something could be done . 
  most countries are n't energetically independent . 
  they produce their own energy by burning gas , fuel or coal which they buy from other countries . 
  it 's the same in spain . 
  same as greece , not as romania . 
  vienna is very cold in the winter . 
  i would n't touch a bike . 
  actually that sounds likely . 
  however i have no proof of this . 
  and exercise would probably help them get happier , but you know , depressed people do n't want to take efforts . 
  i 'm fairly sure that major costs in road maintenance are trucks . 
  and highways . 
  cars in spain are only subsidized sometimes , and have n't traditionally been so , even though they are now . 
  i doubt it 's sold at a loss anyways ( i 'm betting tax is higher than the subsidy , it 's just a hidden tax cut ) . 
  roads will always be built , because long or medium ( think 6km + , most people are n't willing to bike that everyday round trip ) distance travel wo n't be ever done in bycicle . 
  and health benefits ... who knows , maybe like smoke , it 's actually profitable that they die earlier so they do n't have to spend so much in pensionists and other benefits . 
  that 's likely . 
  however , it would incur a big cut on state revenue . 
  gas is taxed like hell . 
  i commute with my bike everyday , but your first source does n't mean jackshit . 
  correlation does n't imply causation . 
  i know this phrase is tired around reddit but really . 
   we 'll just sell southern italy to spain we do n't have money and we do n't want southern italy . 
  i actually do n't mind a bit uphill . 
  i do that everyday on my bike . 
  but damn some lanes are just packed with parked cars ( or trucks , lol ) and if i have to do a significant ride on the road , i 'll think about it . 
  nothing . 
  what do our governments have to gain in this ? 
  appeasement , in an instance like this , just leads to more appeasement . 
  this is not russia getting back something of theirs or a one time play . 
  one might argue that this is just an excuse , and they might very well find another one to invade more countries . 
  should n't surprise anybody . 
  some people are still paying 2007 market price for their house , that is now worth 50 % of what it once was . 
   and we need to wipe away any knowledge involved with manufacturing of nuclear weaponry not only i find this to be wrong , i believe it so hilariously impossible as erasing a picture of the internet . 
  it 's just impossible . 
  even moreso , with the way international politics is playing out now , nobody will give up their nukes . 
  sounds a bit like spanish fascism . 
  add them all up and divide by gwh , that would be fair . 
  for now . 
  how do you propose we fight for it ? 
  well the catalan independence movement is a whole other beast . 
  but i 'm unsure what you mean by your coment . 
  well it 's not a rule but it 's definitely considered . 
  hence one of the big reasons we do n't want turkey in . 
  they are next to the hot zone . 
  big understatement while not being spectacularly wrong . 
  that 's amazing . 
  i 'm fairly sure the reasons for the switch are economical . 
  i mean , nuclear power has some flaws , but there should be a way bigger push for fusion reactors . 
  and i am afraid there is n't , partly , because people are scared of nuclear . 
  however , even with disasters like that one , compare the deaths produced by other forms of energy production , and their polutions and waste . 
  i would like to see some sources on your claims . 
  i mean the market failure and the costs . 
  that day might come . 
  not will . 
  come on , let 's not be sensationalistic here . 
  well i actually think the nato is close to disolving any time now . 
  or at least us leaving , which might as well be a disolve . 
  dude , kids are the best . 
  unless you have them 24h , then pain in the ass . 
  i do n't think it is selfish . 
  i understand the word selfish as an opposite of generous , and i do n't think having children is being generous to anyone . 
  it 's just a choice . 
  ok , you like stereotypes , i 'll let you keep that one . 
  not in barcelona , that i know of . 
  i got ta say it 's a wonderful thing , but honestly i doubt less than 10 % of workers can do it everyday . 
  i know i do it during summer . 
  of course . 
  it only makes sense . 
  this only showed that if you give your nukes up , you lose . 
  no dude it 's ok , he lived in sevilla for a while , he knows more than us . 
  supermarkets do n't . 
  stores close 2-5 but that 's more spread in the south . 
  yeah i guess ma\u00f1ana works . 
  to be fair they are about the only ones besides the us meeting the otan quota , so there 's that . 
  dunno man , i 've read spierdalaj and kurwa more times that i care to admit . 
  pl , br and russian are probably the worst . 
  i do n't understand . 
  ai n't nobody got time for that !, 
   several proposals have already been made but avelino luis de francisco martinez , the mayor of cortegada , the municipality that oversees a barca , said he would prefer a tourism project . 
  spain , spain never changes . 
  turismo y ladrillo , the magic formula for prosperity !, 
  well it would certainly help . 
  there are already organizations that provide food and other necessities to the homeless . 
  housing is hard to provide because space in cities is so expensive . 
  so he could not freeze all assets of eu and usa in his country without pretty much starving half his citizens . 
  [ classic guardia civil ] ( http://www.guardia-civil.net/img/avatar/big/homer-guardia-civil.jpg ), 
  you 'd think the spanish government gives a fuck about what the citizens think . 
  but no they do n't . 
  you 'd also think voters might react somehow . 
  but no they wo n't . 
  but winter freezes the sea and that 's bad . 
   putin already announced he could be completely independent of the us$ economy please tell me more jokes from this putin guy . 
  and why would someone be the third party ? 
  nothing to win here .
