  let us vote already !, 
  that 's not what i said . 
  the central government would rather just absorb catalonia . 
  however they ca n't quite do that . 
  respected here and fought nail and tooth to make it so . 
  because it is the official language . 
  barcelona is a very multicultural city with lots of spanish inmigrants . 
  in fact my mother is one . 
  that does not mean that we will give up our culture for that reason . 
  random politician ? 
  nope . 
  you joke but you could actually find some people who think that . 
  ca n't wait for the guardia civil to say it was 200.000 people . 
  lots . 
  but the quickest answer is to look at the oolitical spectrum in spain and the political spectrum in here . 
  ministerio de fomento is throwing money at us to keep it down , lol . 
  most i have met do n't give a crap . 
  i think that will never happen . 
  at least not with the pp, 
  it was not a failure . 
  vote was held , central government was pretty legitimate , compared to spain 's . 
  keep in mind this has happened for a couple years every 9/11, 
  how so ? 
  not only that . 
  there 's a miriad of reasons but i 'm sure that 's the one that lets you sleep at night . 
  have you ever noticed how diferent the political spectrum looks in catalunya ? 
  people from the rest of catalunya came through the busload . 
  but by amount it is more than barcelona 's population . 
  around a third of total population if the 2m figure is correct . 
  this is not diferent from tax . 
  on that logic , taxes are a violation of your rights ? 
  or you can push the speculating banks a bit . 
  that 's not how society works . 
  when you are a country , the social contract entitles the government to take away some of your rights for the overall welfare of its people . 
  of course sometimes that does n't quite go right , but that 's the idea . 
  central gov wo n't negotiate so that is not a possibility . 
  if your president was rajoy you 'd think differently . 
  so a majority of seats is enough for the pp to fuck me over but it is not enough to break away . 
  very sensible . 
  clearly yes if you follow spanish politics , spain tries to force their culture into ours . 
  legally he 's wrong . 
  in the eyes of some he is right . 
  it is hard to tell , i am not completely sure on votes vs seats . 
  can you provide some examples ? 
  i have heard that swedes are too politically correct sometimes . 
  macho culture countries still exist ? 
  the current election will not be a plebiscitary election . 
  i do n't even know if that is a possibility under spanish law , but it is clearly something the spanish central government wo n't allow . 
  unionist want normal elections but want to count votes instead of seats when it suits them . 
  counting seats helps the separatist movement because traditionally barcelona has more spanish immigrants ( me myself being son to one of them ) , and our electoral system gives a small bump to rural votes . 
  take a quota of growth . 
  finally a post the guy can read . 
  i heard there 's jobs in denmark . 
  i will give it a try , 
  it is coherent for them . 
  that 's not true . 
  at my university most classes are in spanish . 
  i have had dozens of professors teaching in spanish . 
  yes i am at bellvitge right now seeing bcn ska jazz orquestra . 
  then we go on without a backwards government, 
  but i did n't say that . 
  i probably did n't explain myself correctly . 
  my point is that spain as a whole is lots closer to what the nationalist side was back then . 
  and catalonia is closer to the republicans . 
  we are decent at danish when compared to your ability to speak spanish , 
  open anused . 
  what i mean is that so long as the pp and the monarchy is still a thing , we are n't over what franco built . 
  it 's not fucked up . 
  you no longer have any stakes in their future . 
  oh none at all . 
  keep pretending nothing happens and we 'll see where we get . 
  it 's obvious that an article that only mentions money in and nothing about money out and has a headline about that is propaganda . 
  ridiculous . 
  i did n't say solidarity was bad . 
  i 'm just saying that you are spewing propaganda straight from central government . 
  `` everybody knows someone who 's been evicted , '' he claims . 
  yes . 
  i would consider catalonia to be the political heir to the republic and spain the successor to franco 's state considering pp has won its fair share of elections . 
  there 's millions of reasons why voting the pp is wrong but here 's one of my favourites : https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/manuel_fraga, 
  nowhere in these articles reflects the money in vs money out . 
  you are just reading what you want to read . 
  everything can be resolved . 
  sadly there 's no political will to solve our problems within spain , as pp feeds from anticatalanism and backwards thinking . 
  aleix , calm down , i mean , it 's almost bedtime for you . 
  it 's not only about money . 
  rather , giving money and having the government try to erase your identity , pretend franco never happened , and a long list of shit shoved up our ass . 
  enough . 
  the movement has pretty much existed for a long time but was minoritary . 
  it got fueled by economic hardship and the disastrous ability of the central government at negotiating . 
  we did get some help during civil war . 
  just a small trickle of billions gone into the central government never to be seen again . 
  how is it making it `` off of the rest of spain '' ? 
  you think we are brainless idiots , that the average catalan is dumber than the average spaniard ? 
  you do n't even see us as people ? 
  fuck , i want out of this crap . 
  hmm where does the deficit come from i wonder ... 
  not the ban , rather prison terms for public workers . 
  we have fgc , all aboard fgc !!!, 
  choochoo, 
  tiny enough as to have figures that are n't really representative of `` normal '' states .
