  stop pretending . 
  29 is nothing !, 
  someone is a bit angry , lol . 
  take a fresh breath dude . 
  i find the thread funny because some people have radically oposed opinions on a subject that is n't really up to debate . 
  it is funny seeing the reactions of some people . 
   do n't talk louder than the people around you , aka shout , when it 's not neccessary . 
  ( looking at you italians , americans and brazilians ) ha i bet you have n't met spaniards . 
  we have a very lovely expression in spain that goes : `` ponme un quinto que me voy '' ( quinto is a 200ml bottle of beer ) `` give me a quinto , i 'm leaving '' but of course there 's another quinto before leaving . 
  i mean policy , of course, 
  the thin is that a country with a load of hydro does n't mean it is greener . 
  it just means it has more rivers . 
  hydro is the cheapest source of energy , no country ever would waste that . 
  hydro is very situational , not a very good comparison on green policies . 
  four year olds are very expeditious . 
  i fully believe it 's possible that it is self inflicted . 
  i cut the cord of a running lamp . 
  i burnt the scissors but miraculously did n't get hurt . 
  are you implying that such car can be accessed wirelessly ? 
  if i want to get wasted , either mojito or http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agua_de_valencia otherwise beer or whisky on the rocks with a clint eastwood movie . 
  i think this every spaniard can agree on . 
  noooooooo !!, 
  i hate when people it eat with mayo !, 
  i make mine with egg . 
  sue me . 
  so does my grandma !, 
  we do n't . 
  our infrastructure is old as hell . 
  i live fairly close to downtown barcelona and my building can only get up to 3 mbps . 
  which is tremendously slow . 
  doing mighty fine ? 
  lol . 
  of course you never use hospitals , roads or public transportation . 
  in fact you surely never used public education , that 's the only reason i can think of to understand this comment . 
  free delivery is stupid . 
  the customer will always be paying for it anyways . 
  it 's just wording and advertising . 
  that said , i 'm all for efficient business . 
  there need n't be a monopoly . 
  there are other online stores that sell books . 
  they just happen to not be as big as amazon . 
  but if amazon were to start abusing their costumers , their popularity would drop . 
  it 's pretty much the same with videogames and steam . 
  not to mention that the shape looks like it produces lift . 
  wtf is that for . 
  not even spain is close to a federation , let alone portugal . 
  not voting is either not caring or being wrong . 
  your vote always matters . 
  i do n't think this has a solution . 
  just downvote and move on . 
  deleting comments does n't fix anything and just fuels their hatred . 
  it 's at +4, 
  6 % of a country is nobody ? 
  yes , that 's exactly what he said . 
  it 's not scientific , data or evidence , but it presents itself as such . 
  why ca n't you just enjoy the data without going all defensive here !, 
  homicide ( latin : homicidium , latin : homo human being + latin : caedere to cut , kill ) is an act of a human killing another human . 
  keyword being another . 
  cheaper , in fact . 
  you can get the cheapest vodka at 4 $ 0 ' 75l, 
  yep , we are very lazy . 
  / s in fact , i 'm gon na have a siesta . 
  that 's the joke i hope . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  chemistry is not engineering . 
  which is the case for a lot of countries anyways . 
  preference . 
  i am an engineering student in spain and there are n't many females . 
  i 'd wager 10 % or so . 
  and it 's not because sexism . 
  it 's just because they do n't want to . 
  our book is from 1321 !, 
  nobody knows . 
  but raising the vat sure as hell wo n't . 
  what does undereducated mean ? 
  did n't finish mandatory schooling ? 
  our billions . 
  i always thought imperial billions are weird . 
  the requirements are there so nobody puts himself in harms way . 
  or steals the waste . 
  but the waste is pretty harmless , and can be stored cheaply . 
  it does take some space , and it creates some heat . 
  but so do our garbage dumps . 
  and we create metric tons of that by the day . 
  i do n't see the relation between this post and the parent post . 
  not technically . 
  it 's literally under construction . 
  so is petroleum . 
  what is the problem future generations have to deal with ? 
  they just need to monitor the waste . 
  unlike polluting the atmosphere with co2 which literally has no feasible solution as of now . 
  but ehrmgergerd nuclear waste !!! 11 !, 
  but it is . 
  do you even know anything about it ? 
  used nuclear waste is literally harmless in a pool with a depth of 5 meters . 
  think about that . 
  and then change that water into concrete , steel or lead . 
  yeah . 
  this shit infuriates me a lot . 
  what 's a kosovo ?
