  i am giving strong arguments explaining why i do n't think that poll is valid and i 'm just getting downvoted . 
  well count me in as one that thinks otherwise . 
  it looks badass . 
  but andaluc\u00eda is like totally cool . 
  man , i think you are being a bit unfair here . 
  i know quite a bit of catalanist extremists who think they should burn the banks with the bankers inside , will jump at a chance to throw rocks to the police or raid and destroy a macdonalds because fuck capitalism . 
  retards are in both sides . 
  i do n't know , catalan nationalism has been going on for some centuries . 
  that 's all well and dandy but for what i can understand , catalunya would improve its economy by seceding . 
  would it be enough to pay the debt ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but i guess things ca n't keep going worse forever . 
  nationalism is bad when it implies violence , superiorism or harms others in any way . 
  for me , i like my language , some of our traditions , and would like my government ( one that is voted by us ) to be able to manage issues like health care , social policy , politics , etc. 
  and let 's not speak of the fiscal deficit . 
  what most people do n't know is that navarre and euskadi have it good on that front , but i personally feel a bit stiffed by our government . 
  i mean we have to negotiate about what we do with our money . 
  it 's crazy . 
  how do you even `` use '' a bible ? 
  very reasonable , i find myself agreeing with mas here , surprisingly . 
  complains about us flairs being downvoted posts stupid coments, 
  one part of the testing is catalan , i. 
  fact the whole exams are in catalan , i think . 
  btw it hella is . 
  written is not so hard , but if you by chance happen to watch 324 during the aranese part ... and yes , it is official but you try and go to speak to some funcionario in aranese . 
  or ask for an exam in it . 
  haha that poll is a joke . 
  just look at the intention of vote . 
  all those votes for erc ? 
  hahaha yeah some day . 
  and of course only 6 % say they wo n't vote when we know it is rather closer to 40 % . 
  so i doubt it represents us homogeneously . 
  edit : or look at the last question . 
  just wow . 
  note : almost nobody speaks or understands aran\u00e8s in most of catalunya . 
  just spain showing off . 
  yeah it 's been years of bad pr . 
  awesome !, 
  fascist catalans , how dare we want a nation of our own . 
  catalonia or catalunya , please . 
  you and me , man . 
  yes , but part of our problems we ca n't do anything about , which seems rather unfair to me . 
  also to add to your point , is n't it more unfair to 52 % that are pro independence that the 48 that are n't ? 
  it is honestly quite a black or white situation , since the central government wo n't negotiate . 
  that was an online poll . 
  just propaganda by the media . 
  taken from : https://twitter.com/kikecastello/status/377108995892191232/photo/1, 
  i like it , bring in the stereotypes and propaganda !, 
  there are some , at least in barcelona . 
  no of course not . 
  it is plain that you do n't share the views of those that prosecuted him and you are well right to love his art !, 
  til `` tercentenary '', 
  `` madrid '' as in central governments . 
  madrile\u00f1os , as mrs botella knows , are lovely people . 
  til , i guess i was too drunk that time i visited navarra . 
  relevant : https://soundcloud.com/fourthcore/a-relaxing-cup-of-caf-con, 
  i 'm totally failing calculus 3 this semester :(, 
  i have literally never seen someone refusing to speak spanish in barcelona . 
  making stuff up like this is just propaganda that spreads in the rest of spain . 
  the fire seems a bit fishy . 
  it adds up around 4.5 million $, 
  tiny towns do n't have to draw attention . 
  if there 's only one bar , for example ... 
  i 'll send her one from barcelona in catalan !, 
  i think everybody has right to self determination . 
  i am sure they appreciate it much like catalans appreciate you not calling sant cugat `` san cucufato '', 
  was joke . 
  it was a joke :p, 
  [ linky ] ( http://etimologias.dechile.net/?paella ) also according to the iec , paella as cookware was used at least since 1373 . 
  and allegedly ( and that is very fucking hard to deny ) , it comes from latin , where it describes cookware too . 
  so you are wrong . 
  economy was great only because spain was catching up to western europe standard of living . 
  you are not wrong ... 
  you have not seen winter until you live a winter in lleida . 
  oh , were you around monte perdido ? 
  best sights i have ever seen . 
  well , it 's not sangria but [ navegao ] ( http://comidachile.blogspot.com.es/2013/07/vino-navegao.html ) is pretty cool , even though it 's chileno . 
  do they ? 
  what 's its name ? 
   they can build roads , ** airports ** , and we all know how well that turned out . 
   and catalonia ca n't get the same status and that piss off catalonia a lot . 
  that is my number one reason for independence . 
  i do n't understand . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  well , technically it is rice with things . 
  enjoy a delicious cup of caf\u00e9 con leche with the madrile\u00f1os . 
  because yellow was already taken , duh . 
  nationalism itself may be . 
  even though some people feel themselves as nation and do n't have their rights fulfilled . 
  but the connotations of the spanish flag are undeniable . 
  do n't forget to visit / r/barcelona and its wiki . 
  hell yeah sugus for life . 
  specially pineapple . 
  you are only sorry of not having visited , or you would surely mention something , 
  people is pretty cool , specially in the south . 
  relevant username . 
  au contraire !, 
  it is really good , we finally got ridden of this stupid heat . 
  i do n't see why you care so much . 
  and you changed your argument .
