  me and my cat will be waiting right here . 
  for some reason i have the feeling that spain cares about theirs too . 
  do eet, 
  portugal is awesome , you shut your whore mouth . 
  each week rather . 
  it gets old really fast . 
  at least i did n't see it in our tv this time , so that 's a plus . 
  protectionism is my favourite kind of thing after luddism . 
  pls no send bombs , will give pork in exchange for no icbm freedom . 
  can someone eli5 ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  those pesky russians funding andalusian separatist rebels . 
  that is mostly people bringing their own stuff . 
  there are rentable beach accessories in big beaches too . 
  it 's necessary . 
  terrorists , rebeld and rogue states like north korea will always have weapons . 
  and it is beautiful from an engineering standpoint . 
  but fear mongering is already here eh ? 
  spain was in shambles , not much to contribute even if they wanted to . 
  more like fascists versus everyone else . 
  not everyone was communist in the republican side , that 's ridiculous . 
  cost of living is radically different . 
  spain , 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  sounds exactly like a monday morning . 
  yeah taxes are terrible . 
  especially wide territory ones , ca n't take away my fiscal havens . 
  too many tourists in the damn metro . 
  also 1h commuting with said tourists . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , and as shown in previous general elections , this country is pretty backwards ideologically . 
  i would rather not be part of spain due to this . 
  hopefully next elections will look better ( 27 september ), 
  i live in barcelona and spend around 300 $ a month . 
  in retrospect that was a bit silly . 
  unless relativistic effects come into account , speed does n't affect acceleration . 
  unlike economic growth . 
  bad analogy . 
  yeah , i 'm interning in an engineering company , was looking for another for september and there were lots of offers . 
  yeah , industry seems to be going strong lately . 
  percent of speed as acceleration ? 
  that 's not even the same unit . 
  in other words , you wot m8 ? 
  that does n't mean anything . 
  i 'm sure looking for `` la gran muralla china '' turns up a lot of results but that 's not its name . 
  we are still not over the civil war here . 
  aznar was right all along . 
  there 's people that still say san cucufato del vall\u00e9s . 
  that 's not the name though . 
  nor teruel is terol . 
  i never heard ensanche . 
  literally . 
  it is always . 
  and spain is sorting itself out , next general elections the pp will go down the shitter . 
  if it was n't for a central gov feeding the flames , the independentist movement would n't be half as strong . 
  no , i have been in all of spain 's communities and know them a bit . 
  in the context of the comment , barcelona is n't in space . 
  we are all , but that 's irrelevant . 
  surprising amount of spaniards without a flair . 
  always speaking crap . 
  that 's not true . 
  hell , even legally navarra and euskadi have more independence than us . 
  every catalan knows this . 
  good thing we are n't in space . 
  where 's your flair buddy ? 
  polygon with 8 sides = square . 
  ok guess i should go back to school . 
  ehhh . 
  lol that 's stupid . 
  how would you feel if your neighbouring country had absorbed you 300 years ago ? 
  well i do n't see why do you bring this up . 
  pls give jobs, 
  wages are n't 300 $ tho . 
  how can you work for 300 $ no benefits ? 
  how is that even legal and what do you do ? 
  duh , barcelona is amazing . 
  there would be need for more production if there were buyers . 
  that 's weird . 
  in spain interns make more than minimum wage . 
  azorubine is n't proven dangerous according to the article you linked , right ? 
  that 's amazing . 
  sounds like whiplash , which makes it even better . 
  i have peed against the wall of the police barracks in my city . 
  relevant username eh !, 
  hey that 's really easy to say when it is n't your friends and family thay got killed . 
  if my life was on stake , free speech be damned . 
  doctors make 500 $ in romania ? 
  holy fuck . 
  fix it again tony ? 
  everybody having a 2 story house and a lawn is dense ? 
  i mean , nyc is dense , but here cities do n't have suburbs like that . 
  it is , but pp would ban it back if they could . 
  high density allows for efficient and cheap infrastructure . 
  see public transportation in american cities ? 
  yeah . 
  yeah you must be almost in university by now . 
  they grow so fast ... 
  we already do that . 
  you think pp has a significant amount of voters here ? 
  lol . 
  for me , i 'm just sick of all the dumbasses that keep voting pp .
