  yes with a rifle on your head . 
  you think everyone just vanished after franco died ? 
  people were scared . 
  how can you be so sure ? 
  i am not , either way . 
  yeah sure . 
  even if what you claim is true , they would n't do that . 
  that would be political suicide . 
  yes , not all of csqep think that way . 
  or jxsi makes romeva or junqueras president . 
  i can see cup supporting junqueras . 
  you will never get a 90 % on either side . 
  what ? 
  i did n't say that we paid most taxes or that we are getting robbed . 
  i say that we get a very bad deal out of representation . 
  exactly, 
  we are that but we are n't famous for that . 
  thankfully !, 
  scripted by your pm at the very least . 
  legality is not morality . 
  never hide in laws to express your opinion . 
  but then the small time content creators get hurt :, 
  dafuq is the edict of nantes ? 
  btw i 'm just showing my ignorance to prove op he 's wrong . 
  if i actually wanted to know i 'd google it . 
  i bet there 's some crazy little town with a massive party . 
  at the peak of the housing bubble , prices were crazy if you thought of the pesetas price . 
  like what the fuck , 80m for an appartment ? 
  it also costs money to the government , which means it costs everyone of us . 
  repeating , of course, 
  entire world , actually, 
  more like soft korea amirite ? 
  barcelona : sadly , pickpockets and tourism . 
  and the sagrada familia i guess . 
  that would be our brainwashing school system . 
  do n't know about the pse , but psc is a headless chicken pretty much . 
  seems strange that they are doing so well in euskadi . 
  more power usage , assuming similar efficiency , really does mean better cleaning . 
  polish girls are very hard to beat , sadly . 
  it 's actually not hard to find out about somewhat close friends . 
  religion is a subject i speak sometimes with my friends . 
  not largely but sometimes . 
  automatic atm machine . 
  you are twisting his words . 
  it is undeniable that in humanity 's history , religion has done more bad than good . 
  now it is another story , but seeing the kind of people that associate with religion ( pedofiles , ultra right wing , corrupt politicians ) i feel a strong desire to end religion already . 
  not violently or anything . 
  just let it slowly die , like it is . 
  i agree completely with giving all of my money to madrid . 
  not . 
  according to wikipedia , first language catalan soeakers are 47 % of catalans . 
  actually there 's a metric truckload of people in catalunya that have catalan as a second language and spanish as a first . 
  i know . 
  well this post does n't fit in a sub about europe and european news and discussion , strictly speaking . 
  the ones in barcelona are quite rude . 
  they will push you in the metro like a bulldozer . 
  we ca n't make african countries have a one child policy . 
  even if you wanted to . 
  but guy srsly murica is more diverser than europe !, 
  25 % school dropout might be just a bit related to the massive youth unemployment rate, 
  well , you ca n't have people freezing to death . 
  trust me that eastern europe governments are working into being not dependent of russian gas . 
  it just wo n't happen overnight . 
  i agree with him . 
  muslim is n't a race . 
  it 's culture . 
  i 've had the opposite experience with first generation turks in germany . 
  it 's because of the low wages here . 
  and better climate for tomatoes . 
  which is totally the same if the government is getting it . 
  the fact that they are waiting for the f16s to show up and the frequency of the incidents shows it 's not an accident . 
  wonder how long you have to stay uninvited until your plane gets shot down . 
  yes , 3,5 to 4,5 $ in barcelona . 
  biggest boobs in the world too . 
  this just in : all of spain gets annexionated to russia except catalunya . 
  is joke, 
  that 's the lack of food . 
  only for the first 2 minutes . 
  that 's a bullshit excuse if i ever saw one . 
  being in developement is a clear reason to polute more . 
  a lot of people stayed at home but look how manypeople show up for 12o . 
  voters will be asked for id . 
  honestly we do n't need more legitimacy , it is clear independence has massive support , considerig the via and the v. 
  haha . 
  no but i mean 9n . 
  unless the national police , nobody expects the spanish police . 
  but then we 'll get to throw tomatos at them which is cool in my book . 
  easy , one engine per wheel . 
  the shops do n't close at 5 . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  we have a taco bell in barcelona , it 's great !, 
  we will vote anyways . 
  actually no , we had a civil war 80 years ago and relying on gramps tale , it was n't cool . 
  because the money uk was underpaying has been footed by other countries . 
  so the uk owes money to other countries , jus like iceland . 
  and men , 
  spain ca n't even rely on spain , though . 
  spain can food . 
  that ethnical diversity is n't the same as cultural diversity or that pur culture is 20x american ? 
  20 times as many languages , food , music , you name it .
