  i know nothing about that :p, 
  i do n't know about sweden , but in spain the most prestigious universities are public . 
  so we ( or me at least ) do n't give a damn about their level of education . 
  they are pretty much filled with people that did n't score enough in the tests to enter to a public one . 
  the same as private school teachers and some private hospital workers . 
  sounds fishy . 
  the sad part is that state employes that were designated by other people ( * a dedo ) * are still in their jobs . 
  while the ones that passed tests and requirements are out and taking cuts . 
  yay spain . 
  too many *, 
  we need to amputate . 
  even worse , wo n't let him in , so america gets him and our governments wash their filthy bloody hands . 
  you have been diagnosed with americanitis . 
  this is the excuse spain used . 
  i am fairly sure it could be arranged if the gov wanted . 
  and spain does n't enforce those laws . 
  which is just a fucking excuse . 
  spain would deny asylum even if snowden came here . 
  makes sense . 
  but it is also a deterrent to intervene in situations where human rights are violated en masse . 
  so nukes are good ? 
  i do n't think nk can honestly bomb back us . 
  minor stuff in greece , germany and other countries . 
  what mordeth said holds true for most of europe afaik . 
  whatever you think , they ca n't take the money that is given with conditions and then do n't deliver . 
  i wish someone knew what was happening in here . 
  or our politicians said something about this . 
  shit . 
  you got me . 
  but g_morgan is not german ... 
  government * , 
  the thing is that there is not much content for a sub about europe that is n't related about eu or tourism . 
  i do n't give a shit about the past of mr. barosso . 
  politicians come and go , we are talking about the concept of eu . 
  i think it is nice and helpful . 
  fascist communist ? 
  does not compute . 
  also this smells heavily of / r/conspiratard, 
  so it 's better than having a government because you actually choose it ? 
  oh wait , you too choose governments , via voting . 
  it 's a bit diferent . 
  as you see original parent comment is sarcastic and i find it a bit annoying . 
  someone expressing their wish = / = someone implying that we are stupid . 
  and of course , if you hate the eu , why come to this sub in the first place . 
  obey an organism of which you are part and you help function . 
  sounds like any organization ever . 
  that 's like saying that being citizen of a democratic state makes you less free because you have to obey someone else 's laws . 
  because it 's not a fact . 
  it 's arguable , just opinion . 
  and he is not giving any arguments . 
  because having new and more laws to obey does n't take away from your independence . 
  are you 15 by any chance ? 
  you sound like a rebellious teen . 
  this is not entirely true . 
  but you are supposed to bring arguments instead of making pointless statements , 
  this opinion is n't very popular here . 
  until they ca n't buy bread and pay for cable . 
  yeah . 
  damn :(, 
  you funneh . 
  in spain the excuse was eta . 
  now i do n't know why is it still here . 
  not that it bothers me to be fair . 
  oh , we both forgot about wert . 
  i dare say most of those people went for the concert . 
  11s is another thing , but i do n't think this is a `` huge manifest of nationalism '' . 
  also freedom and security . 
  you get that us flair up already . 
  spain : we got b\u00e1rcenas with 60m in a swiss bank . 
  he will do as a scapegoat i guess ... 
  i think it is just slightly less bad . 
  still stupid . 
  who will regret it ? 
  i think us citizens might get too upset some of these days . 
  i also wonder where do they come from . 
  i know , us would never invade anyone without economic interest behind . 
  stealing is bad . 
  stealing while working in a public position as a politician is just plain wrong . 
  should be way more heavily punished than it is . 
  of course they can afford the best lawyers , so ... and we are still voting for the two main parties ( and ciu in catalunya ) . 
  also , can someone explain why is switzerland allowed to do this thing ? 
  should n't all banking data be disclosed if it pertains to a non-swiss citizen ? 
  i feel like they are stealing from all the other countries . 
  it 's despicable . 
  indeed . 
  it 's not like anybody is forcing the news in their ass anyways . 
  just imagine what would happen if the situation was inverted . 
  i 'd already be building an underground bunker . 
  so because everybody does it , it is okay . 
  right . 
  illuminati !!, 
  / r/conspiratard, 
  some dubs are really great though . 
  for some reason i ca n't take a movie in catalan seriously : /, 
  no shit . 
  all the times i 've been to paris , i 've gotten nasty looks for not speaking french . 
  native language and very rarely subtitled . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i need to improve my english . 
  but i 'm pretty close .
