  bro do you even bubble pop ? 
  i know 2 of those , and can name songs for a grand total of 0 . 
  the best answer is : nobody knows . 
  ofc the uk is benefitting of having you , oh great sambri . 
  i 'm kidding , 
  socialism is the same as communism and it 's bad !, 
  i think we need automoderator to remove all the submissions with roma in the title . 
  i 'm tired of this . 
  yup . 
  well if you are really interested my father is an archeologist so i can ask him some books , but those would be in spanish . 
  i reckon the wiki will be a fine place to start . 
  there 's no risk . 
  he 's discovered and what happens ? 
  nothing . 
  do some research and judge by yourself . 
  i do n't hold absolute truth . 
  how so ? 
  i think the change was due to obligation , not due to personal choice . 
  he 's as corrupt as it gets , so there 's that going for him too . 
  a person that is corruptible i find unlikely to be a shining beacon of human rights and democracy , sorry . 
  he 's a shining beacon of hipocresy . 
  i speak catalan with my friends and family , i meant as a secondary global language , like english is , or french was . 
  however it was a joke , english is way better for it than spanish and catalan . 
  elaborate on that . 
  ofc you know that he was raised by franco pretty much right ? 
  and franco wanted him to be his successor . 
  to be fair , he does have a point . 
  the king is suposed to help bring neutrality to politics and the country , but if he 's corrupt , he 's counterproductive . 
  imo a corrupt king is worse than a corrupt politician . 
  10/10 would fap again, 
  why is it ridiculous ? 
  then again having hereditary titles is ridiculous enough by itself . 
  english is hard . 
  i think we should all switch to spanish . 
  you mean he had a choice ? 
  you think he wanted to ? 
  hell , there 's thousands of people in this country that are democratic just because they have to . 
  case in point : manuel fraga . 
  which is dead but there 's other people like him . 
  i 'm not into that type of music but i like it . 
  its relevant to your comment , 
  not if you are a king . 
  he got in more trouble for killing an elephant than for killing his own brother . 
  well , hearing catalan from rural areas is always amusing . 
  `` you cant ' say your ( some of you ) claims were being ignored , when the 2006 statue was approved by the spanish parliament and the spanish senate , that 's the spanish people . '', 
  and then ultimately rejected , so what happened earlier means close to nothing . 
  `` as timelines go , mr mas , frustrated by loosing two times the government , felt he had no time to build a complex negotiation that in spain , the reality is must include pp , sadly changed his opinion , in the weakest moment of spain , believing he could blackmail all spain . '', 
  i somewhat agree with this . 
  however , i think there is more to it than that . 
  for example , a moment ofweakness for spain , means a moment for catalonia to be able to excercise our rights . 
  there is no blackmail , that would mean the point of threatening independence would only be to get more competencies , but we know it 's not . 
  i wo n't further expand on this as i think it 's quite obvious . 
  `` what nationalists do n't seem to recognize is the energy of the spanish people , many believe that they can bring spain to its knees , and that is not true . '', 
  now you are just antagonizing use . 
  i do n't give no shits about spain . 
  i want to be an independent country , using the right to self-determination . 
  that 's hardly trying to humilliate spain or its citizens ( both of which i love , do n't get me wrong ) . 
  `` now i find myself witnessing the ridicule of the catalan society , building castles in the air , aiming for a sort of independent state that would seek an all in alliance with what 's left of the spanish state on day one , that 's lecturing european governments about how the eu must behave for them , that 's writing letters to spanish allies asking for help in destroying the spanish state , and rising the menace of how europe will suffer if they do n't side with that ideas . '', 
  now this i agree completely . 
  as we would say in catalan , the movement is full of `` somiatruites '' , which means there is a lot of idealism and people is n't realistic at all . 
  `` catalonia , that was the lighthouse of spain while i was growing up , has become a sort of last century society , that still speaks of the `` media of madrid '' in the information age , that distorts the reality of the complex spanish society , reducing it to simpleton assessments , that speaks of catalans vs spanish , which is not only a semantic inaccuracy , but a historical absurdity . 
  it 's sad to see barcelona , a great universal city , kidnapped by the red-neck `` palleses '' . '', 
  this is borderline racist and very much a matter of opinion . 
  i want to add that many catalans would find this very offensive . 
  it 's not blackmail . 
  the request has been done several times as is . 
  then , after decades of being ignored , catalonia is threatening to leave . 
  rightfully so , in my opinion . 
  it has much potential , but we have been asking for more competences for decades . 
  in my opinion , the central government has fed the separatist movement . 
  if they had been smarter , this would n't have blown out of proportion . 
  great post . 
  i would like to add that for me , the biggest reason for independence is that pp is holding us back socially . 
  we have all this backwards laws , and their backwards views . 
  and we just did n't vote for them . 
  at least not the majority of us . 
  this in my opinion is pretty important . 
  how is it unclear ? 
  there are a lot of different opinions inside the movement , just like any other . 
  a hell we wo n't share with you , hopefully . 
  is n't self determination the right to decide ? 
  i 'm not sure if having an artificial scarcity on doctors is a good thing . 
  afterall we all pay their high salaries with our taxes . 
  i had a phone with symbian and i hated it with all my life . 
  well , when a project gets overrun costs as big as that , usually there is someone to blame . 
  but in no case i can imagine , that someone would be the president of a country . 
  that 's what happens when the person signing the contract has no idea on engineering projects . 
  not to speak about the corruption of spanish construction companies , which were and are donating millions of years every year to the main political parties . 
  in black money of course . 
  depends on the field imo . 
  not that it matters , because it 's harder to get funding without a specific goal . 
  i will represent everybody except the spanish , because a representative has to be adequately ignorant . 
  i challenge you to a duel , sir . 
  well , it 's a simple democracy . 
  except that most people lurk and do n't even vote or comment but yeah . 
  downvoting for disagreeing is only bad if you put a comment in the negatives imo . 
  that said , i rarely downvote any comment . 
  cctv is fine . 
  what 's the problem with it ? 
  it can be abused , but so can cars , guns , alcohol , you name it .
