  at what cost , does one wonder , though . 
  i thought muricans were the most charitable people in the world . 
  weird . 
  i 'm actually suprised at spain . 
  it 's better than i thought . 
  yeah , the colors in this map are garbage . 
  i 'd be interested on seeing one of those in catalonia , with spanish and catalan names . 
  that 'd be interesting for sure . 
  is this one of the americans that think europe is a country ? 
  meanwhile unemployment at an all time high . 
  / r/riotpls, 
  they are not , in the same sense as helena and elena are rather similar and i would count them together . 
  basically , a wounded guy slipped his bloody fingers across a shield . 
  that 's the legend . 
  as for reality , i do n't know . 
  should have read the username . 
  to be fair , the internet is beyond the comprehension of 99 % of their users , me included . 
  one day ... 
  too late buddy . 
  first , we should get estelada as a flair in this sub . 
  it 's a cultural thing . 
  for example , in spain , people that would never steal a purse , feel badass for evading taxes . 
  well of course, 
  that 's not fair , there 's plenty of nice cities in europe that are not capitals !, 
  barcelona is not capital though . 
  ` murica !, 
  maybe there was one first year and three six years after . 
  stats like this are meaningless . 
  pretty shitty pictures . 
  i 'm not really into generalizations so that 's why i say most tourists are pretty unrespectful . 
  i have actually found that the nicest and more polite are usually americans . 
  we are kind of spanish in a way too . 
  paid *, 
  mmm yay ? 
  haha, 
   stare at me stupidly ftfy, 
  talk about your cat . 
  mine can ace a geometry test thank you very much . 
  indeed , i too found a lot of our own in your hostels and bars !, 
  that 's the new diversion rajoy is going to try , i 'm sure . 
  i drank 3 in a go and had tachycardia, 
  they make money too on that . 
  you say it like french tourists are better . 
  spoiler : they are n't . 
  source : barcelona, 
  this is true . 
  people that downvoted you have n't been to france or are french themselves . 
  to be fair i have been treated like shit in most of france the couple of times i have been there . 
  2/10 only reason to come back was onion soup . 
  plugging / r/barcelona for all of you !, 
  yup , and we keep building hostels . 
  there were n't many in here for some reason . 
  to be fair almost everybody i know has gone . 
  i highly recommend dublin , specially if you love beer like i do . 
  so many touristssss, 
  why do you care so much , gosh . 
  i just do n't give a crap about the topic to be fair . 
  check the thousand earlier posts about gibraltar in this sub , plenty of info there , 
  butthurt detected . 
  it 's a joke because there are so many posts about this . 
  my vote goes on renaming / r/europe as / r/gibraltar . 
  oh wait that sub already exists . 
   costs ~ 7 times more than it should someone should get his license revoked for this . 
  seriously . 
  it will escalate until fines start flying . 
  at which point the citizens of spain will start paying attention to the issue and tell rajoy to return to his mom 's basement . 
  it 's a violation of an international treaty . 
  over territory , although small . 
  i think building over land not included in the treaty is a dick move . 
  dissecating their sea , well , it 's their sea after all . 
  well i 'd say that the treaty is overriden by international law . 
   awesome comment of the day !, 
  no , it literally ca n't happen . 
  english master race represent !, 
  everybody knows the spanish are lazy and stupid . 
  all hail the almighty siesta !, 
  i am an engineering student in spain and i do n't think we are that stupid . 
  i guess they are just hiring friends or family . 
   ( doubling the height of the building means twice as many people use the elevator , but they also go twice as far ) . 
  i had never thought of that . 
  so big big skycrappers have a ginormous amount of elevators ? 
  and big ones at that ? 
  also you ca n't take a project and expand it without an architect giving its signature , and the `` college of architects '' too ( sorry , do n't know the proper name , here it is called `` colegio de arquitectos '' ) . 
  so , someone ( or rather , someone and the arquitect college ) made a pretty fucking big mistake , or they built it without the proper permissions , which i doubt . 
  bro mercadona brings it to your floor . 
  that 's pretty unlikely , i think they could face legal consequences if such a thing happened . 
  i think they left after being asked to `` double up '' the project . 
  which is pretty ridiculous and a lot of work depending on the state of the project . 
  also i have done some mock projects in my engineering classes and it 's just stupid how they could overlook this . 
  i do n't understand the sheer amount of people that was supposed to make sure shit like this did n't happen , and failed . 
  i guess someone asked the architects to make a bigger building in a rush and they just said `` fuck this shit , i 'm not putting my signature on this project '' . 
  does it matter at all ? 
  alright then , make it binding and i am sold . 
  it 's not ours or yours or mine or whatever . 
  it 's theirs . 
  they should be able to decide to which country they want to belong , or if they want to be one on its own right . 
  21st century imperialism , i say . 
  do the people there want to belong to morocco ? 
  do n't forget about `` very stupid '' . 
  obvious troll is obvious .
