  religious schooling wo n't change its values . 
  time will tell . 
  but i think he would lose millions of votes . 
  it was n't spanish , that 's what i meant . 
  it was not catalonia . 
  however it was much more catalan ( in fact , corona d'arag\u00f3 ) than spanish . 
  random generalization ahoy !, 
  he 's not only disagreeable , but a lot lf things he has said are plainly wrong , and thus do n't add to the discussion . 
  i did n't downvote though . 
  i am 99 % sure we could still learn spanish in school . 
  who has mislead you like that !, 
  implying there are n't hundreds in the rest of spain . 
  maybe you could provide a per-capita source ? 
  this is probably the average spanish opinion . 
  sad . 
   then they will sit to negotiate ahahahahahah . 
  sadly , no . 
  which helps the separatist cause . 
  opinion of the spanish government must be at an all time low in catalunya . 
  we are n't getting independence even if there 's 90 % yes . 
  of course it has . 
  honesty is always welcome . 
  well , i do n't feel very well to go out tonight , as there 's a festival in my neighborhood , but i 've gone the last 6 days so i 'm tired . 
  so i stayed at home , played some rift and decided to go to bed early . 
  the screaming drunks under my window are having none of that , so i will read my ebook ( the wheel of time ) until the police kicks them out . 
  according to my experience that should be at around 4 am . 
  so hello reddit . 
  that 's spain for you . 
  yeah nuclear is dangerous . 
  also evil . 
  do n't forget about the danger of creating a small ( 46km wide ) black hole . 
  mercadona , baby . 
  i 'll trade . 
  they implemented new flairs recently so it 's my way of saying thanks . 
  nothing at all . 
  holidays for the win . 
  well actually it does . 
  less crowded beach . 
  yeah i do n't know anyone that lost his virginity before 15 ... 
  i , for one , would love to see santander taking a big hit . 
  friendly reminder : this is obviously not condoned by the authorities , or most of the population , for that matter . 
  gibraltar is building an artificial arrecife and spanish fishermen complain about it . 
  spain says that gibraltar is n't supposed to own the adjacent waters . 
  which it is obviously wrong according to international law . 
  so spain decides to make harsher border control along gibraltar 's border . 
  some talk about placing a 50 $ tax for crossing ** for non-workers ** this is supposed to stop smuggling . 
  some say this is just petty revenge , some say it is a diversion created by our government so you do n't think about * sobres and findelacita * . 
  i think the age of consent is 13 . 
  does n't it also apply to marriage ? 
  i love me some thousands in debt for breaking a leg indeed . 
  do they sell paella now ? 
  to be fair their samosa is surprisingly good , but of course it 's a risk . 
  do n't forget to put ketchup on your paella ( yeah i have seen that ) . 
  yeah it is pretty hot in here . 
  you should learn spanish and portuguese too , or else you wo n't understand . 
  also if you are thinking about coming to barcelona / r/barcelona has a pretty good community . 
  if they want to ... 
  which they do n't, 
  we are always angry . 
  no way can something be worse than the daily mail . 
  i did n't say i agree with it , calm down . 
  the point of the fee is to stop smugglers . 
  so does obama . 
  well we got two of them ... 
  not the best translation around . 
  i do n't understand the question . 
  it seems so , do n't think a baby can have doubts on its gender . 
  source ? 
  i think italy is somehow even worse . 
  i think english is simpler than spanish for example . 
  and the legion has a pet goat . 
  yeah i read that but i ca n't imagine how without breaking some human 's rights . 
  that looks good . 
   spain has had 13 education reforms in the last 30 years . 
  probably one of the reasons that makes our educational system suck so much, 
  i think the same and i speak three languages . 
  i want to try this . 
  i have been inside a couple of spanish prisons visiting a close relative . 
  i can say that is nowhere close near a fucking luxury hotel . 
  the fact that you think so is outrageous . 
  most guards are jerks that treat everybody like shit . 
  trust me , it 's hell . 
  linking to / r/conspiratard just in case, 
  well , to a degree it is being overrun by spanish , because immigrants see it as more useful ( which it is ) , but it still runs strong . 
  i would n't see a problem if we all spoke only english . 
  all those free hours of class to spend on something else . 
  to be fair , if your spanish is n't pretty good , you will have a hard time understanding american spanish . 
  also i think english would be a much better idea because it is simpler . 
  i 'm half kidding . 
  that 's why we can change our constitutions . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  and then people complain that american flairs get downvoted . 
  oh yeah must be pretty bad when your government does n't let you have a bindimg referendum . 
  also none in spanish one . 
  oh a lot of people does . 
  i am judging you solely on not having a flair . 
  my conclusion : you do n't feel part of a country because you travel so much , you are scared of what people would think if you showed or you just want to `` tocar els collons '' . 
  edited grammar . 
  it shows on mine . 
  i guess there were a lot of redundant/overlapping jobs and now we are more productive .
