  i would love to study in a french university . 
  but i hate parisians and do n't know anything about other cities . 
  and know no french ( i guess that one should be easy to fix though ) . 
  last one does n't even sound dumb . 
  just wise to shut up though . 
  they do n't close doors after leaving . 
  they like tapas and ca\u00f1as . 
  not a bad one !, 
  also because black market . 
  having it on your gmail account is having them on the cloud as well . 
  oh you did n't !, 
  if podemos wins an election , i would be thinking of leaving the country because my compatriots are very naive and fairly gullible . 
  not if some other countries intervene . 
  we would be fat like motherfuckers . 
  he 's talking about numbers and he 's not wrong . 
  but we are the superior spanish !, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_energy_consumption#european_union doubling the amount used for food barely puts a dent on oil consumption . 
  latino is to spanish what british english is to american english . 
  we are using way more oil than necessary in the food market . 
  when you buy produce in europe , it comes from all over the world . 
  this can be fixed . 
  use of oil for food production is n't that big if we cut on transportation , we could probably double it without an issue . 
  and i would like to see some sources on your claims . 
  two earths at current rates of production ? 
  or based on a co2 footprint ? 
  anyways , everything can be fixed by technology , if there 's enough money and the tech exists . 
  actually this is a big fallacy going around . 
  there is . 
  thanks to technological , scientific and social progress , we can produce more goods and services per capita than we used to . 
  assuming no inflation , we are richer than we used to be . 
  assuming inflation , we can outgrow inflation . 
  this does n't necessarily mean that we are consuming an ever growing amount of natural resources . 
  most likely it does , but it does n't have to . 
  and there is also the big fallacy that the earth ca n't sustent many more humans . 
  it can . 
  just in the right places and with smart infrastructure . 
  there is no water in africa , but sure as hell there is more than enough in canada . 
  if there is more demand , more food can be grown . 
  of course it is not infinite , but we are very far from a `` hard '' limit . 
  that only creates division . 
  and this is not really a matter of opinion . 
  one is just way more simple and efficient . 
  it 's not like eliminating every language in the world and replacing it with english . 
  it appeals to their nationalistic pride or whatever . 
  because when i buy some shampoo made in america i get `` 16oz '' what the hell does that even mean , i do n't even know if that 's volume or mass . 
  i think , like many unefficient things we have , it just happened piece by piece , and in the end it did n't make sense at all but it was used by everyone . 
  or i end up not being able to visualize it correctly . 
  or at least only one of them . 
  they seem to duplicate . 
  no and no . 
  but to the second question , riot police . 
  and they are already here . 
  i posted it on / r/barcelona but could n't find it in english . 
  but basically there 's 150ish riot police from madrid sent in by the truckload . 
  expect more to come . 
  apparently we do , since we voted for him . 
  people against independence have as much reason to go vote as people for independence . 
  but anyhow , this is not a referendum . 
  this is a consulta . 
  it 's non binding . 
  you are right , sorry . 
  i 'm tired of all the misinformation . 
  we did n't . 
  but did n't have a chance since he 's already elected and shit . 
  but yeah i can see where you are coming from . 
  we voted for him . 
  but i guess even his voters did n't believe he 'd risk going to prison for this . 
  this shows your ignorance . 
  educate yourself before voicing your opinion , please . 
  money money money and mas . 
  there is much more to this than that . 
  anyhow , unless something spectacular happens , mas is going down the shitter next elections because he lost his credibility . 
  but really , the iternational coverage of this issue is a joke , so i seriously doubt any foreigner to be well informed . 
  my point is that unless you lived here for an extended amount if time , your opinion means jackshit to me . 
  they ca n't cost nothing . 
  it 's impossible , and thus obvious that i 'm not referring to that . 
  national police by the truckload . 
  or should i say pigmoad ? 
  because their trucks look like farm animal carrying tractors . 
  thefuck does an australian know , really . 
  nothing is ever free if we go by your definition . 
  holy shit you can produce 1800w out of a sqm !, 
  i have no problem with a `` better together campaign '' . 
  i have a problem when the government does n't let you vote . 
  it bothers me because it is obvious . 
  i hate nitpickers . 
  green propaganda is a powerful thing . 
  and an absolutely stupid one too . 
   but after the war was over it was clear that the serbian military capacity was still much stronger than nato though you should change it for thought , else it means something entirely diferent . 
  requiring a certain gpa is very very unfair though . 
  it 's not the same for every university or even program . 
  a 5 in aerospace engineering would be a 7 in my program , which would be around a 10 and a half in psychology . 
  holy fucking shit i hate all the fcasdjfoiansd ` foinasd ` fouanfubanefubaefuabef people that say that there is no such thing as `` free '' just stop it . 
  actually getting a degree here now , if paying full * price would be 10k $ . 
  full as in passing everything . 
  passing certain economic thresholds gets you a reduction of up to 100 % . 
  i get a 50 % and i live way better than the shit i see on reddit `` we survive on ramen , broke college students yaayy '' . 
  actually around 2500 per year . 
  passing clean , that is . 
  if you fail some subjects ... god help you .
