  his opinion is not that scotland should be colonised or destroyed though , the past happened and we are now in a time where people are thinking much differently about things . 
  it 's not imperialist if a british person wants the whole of uk , as it currently is , to stay united . 
  they helped a bit but it was n't a proxy war . 
  they might do it all the same . 
  giving us the estatut would have slowed down the separatist movement , but that would have been too smart for a spanish government . 
  actually , the spanish military tards are . 
  they might be able to stop this , but certainly not by force . 
  catalonia was invaded by spain and it stayed like that . 
  there are certain things steeming from that . 
  hello , 
  what 's the point ? 
  the thing is that the political will of spain is very different that the one we have . 
  but they won the elections , fair and square . 
  the central ov still decides on issues and we do n't get a say . 
  infrastructure , education , social rights , avortion , you name it . 
  nice change of subject . 
  the fiscality internal to catalunya is like it is because we decided so . 
  what happens in spain is completely outside of our control . 
  if you lived here you 'd know . 
  we just got more vocal as we aregetting more fed up . 
  with the estatut and all the shit the pp has been throwing at us . 
  seeing that you ca n't google . 
   yet each year since 1986 , an average of 9 % of catalonia 's gdp in net terms has left the region to be redistributed or spent by madrid . 
  if you do n't know about expolio fiscal you should go back to school . 
  or maybe the spanish media has manipulated you . 
  hahahahahaha, 
  we ca n't win , we have no army . 
  football is the cancer of this country . 
  maybe if our money did n't get stolen by madrid . 
  and you have the balls to say we are in more debt than madrid . 
  thanks captain obvious . 
  yes of course it 's all about the money . 
  that 's not true . 
  the current status of our infrastructure should tell you as much . 
  but aeropuerto in castellon and ave in extremadura alright . 
  the other way around . 
  whatever . 
  nice nitpicking . 
  they won the elections by a wife margin . 
  the majority voted for it . 
  period : that does n't happen in catalunya . 
  i do n't feel spanish because i did n't vote to have a fucking repressive gov that forbids basic human rights to women . 
  for fucks sake how can you be so thick . 
  correlation and causation , honestly . 
  the political will of spain vs catalunya has changed a lot . 
  for example avortion or gay marriage . 
  yeah sure . 
  tell me more . 
  i keep hearing this stupid nonsense here . 
  aragon is a name in use by another region . 
  they do n't have the same independence movement as ours . 
  and where will the energy come from ? 
  he did n't say that . 
  a bit too defensive huh ? 
  i think it was mostly `` i think this is a joke and an unfunny one at that . '', 
  happens to russian aircraft as well . 
  military ones , at that . 
  ooops , big mistake . 
  several dozens of times per year . 
  then we would n't know the truth . 
  yes but then again they are racist . 
  sane people do n't say those things because they are objectively wrong by definition . 
  people do ? 
  they are probably racist . 
  by definition , a moderate muslim would stand up against an extremist , because a moderate person in any religion would stand up against racism . 
  so i call bullshit . 
  well , people being anti terrorism does n't surprise anybody . 
  it 's a waste of news space . 
  funny to see how the uk has around 2/3rds of our foreigners , yet their government seems to complain a lot . 
  and i see a lot of people here saying that we are going to be overrun . 
  if spain is n't , then you are n't . 
  you suggest the media stops reporting on it ? 
  showing support for a terrorist group is not subjective . 
  in my opinion this is about as crystal clear as it gets . 
  we have a similar thing here . 
  apology of terrorism is not ok . and i 100 % agree with it . 
  it 's hard to draw the line and the law has been used for bullshit reasons in the past , though . 
  domestic beer ( 0.5 liter bottle ) 0.82 $ haha, 
  just look at the list . 
  1 $ for a loaf of bread ? 
  1.60 $ for a kg of tomato ? 
  wtf, 
  the scottish independence vote did that for catalunya ? 
  those are not sources . 
  if we were brainwashing our children , you 'd think the central gov or the eu would step in . 
  right ? 
  it 's just opinions and exaggeration . 
  actually , / u/sillymachinery linked to this comment . 
  but you can think i give a fuck about you . 
  i have browsed some of your links and all of them were bullshit and gigantic exaggerations . 
  what ? 
  catalan *, 
  doing nothing is doing something . 
  we will get the national police on our asses on 9/11 . 
  the vote will not happen . 
  the mistery is what will our politicians do . 
  but muh bitcoins !, 
  we are not relying on nothing . 
  the only threat to the eu would be russia and china combined and then us would intervene anyways to conservate global hegemony, 
  we do n't need the us in an hypothetical war against russia .
