  pff do you even mercadona bro ? 
  lidl ai n't got nothing on em, 
  i would n't count microstates , really . 
  i personally think their idea of a social safety net , their views on natuonal security , gun ownership and taxes are really really wrong . 
  ah man your post makes me feel so sad for spain . 
  yeah i was kind of confused . 
  dude even if they get the best absolute conditions they will form comunities . 
  hell i know i would find other westerners if i had to live in syria . 
  civil war and transici\u00f3n . 
  not rob you . 
  only pickpocket . 
  if you have two neurones and are thus capable of synapsing , you wo n't get pickpocketed . 
  my arsenal knows no limits . 
  sugusino is literally hitler . 
  also my flair got censored by the mods so i got a new one . 
  well as an individual no . 
  as an expedition and the repercussions it brought , yes . 
  it is the point . 
  i do n't complain about columbus . 
  i mean he sucked , but so long as nobody celebrates it i wo n't remind you that he did . 
  on that we agree but still nothing to do with 12 of october , 
  do you celebrate genghis khan ? 
  you accept it happened, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_of_indigenous_peoples#spanish_colonization_of_the_americas genocide is the systematic elimination of all or a significant part of a racial , ethnic , religious , cultural or national group the were quite eliminated i would think . 
  i agree . 
  fallas do n't seem very fun to me . 
  ai n't no party like fiestas del pilar !, 
  you compare separating from an opressive empire to colonizing a separate continent ? 
  what ? 
  in spain it was known as d\u00eda de la raza as well . 
  en negrita, 
  so what is australia does something bad we should do that too . 
  soon he will say that america invented america . 
  well then they are not self critics . 
  shame on them . 
  does n't mean i do n't find celebrating 12 de octubre abhorrent . 
  ouch, 
  i do n't think yanks have anything to do with this , lol . 
  i know some valencians that would stab you for saying that . 
  est\u00e1 also his syntax was correct too , no need to swap it around, 
  american ? 
  i think the indigenous people would have a right to be slightly butthurt about columbus eh ? 
  there 's never enough garbanzos , silly, 
  love me some genocide celebration . 
  in other countreis this day is also known as ... that 's some nice bullshit sir . 
  well , i 'm all for a spanish traditional day . 
  i partly feel spanish as well , love the language and the food . 
  but celebrating genocide is just no . 
  my honduran family is super thrilled with this party . 
  super . 
  eh not everybody is a greedy scumbag . 
  companies going to court against states actually happens already . 
  and you know , sometimes that is ok . company a builds a nuclear facility , 5 years later government closes all nuclears . 
  company a clearly deserves all lost investment . 
  suck it dclauzel, 
  that does n't address my post at all . 
  who decides when it is right to leave ? 
  pro tip : the citizens of a region . 
  that dinosaur is dead already though . 
  yeah we get it , we are all plebs except for you . 
  in reality , wars are complex and intercultural relations hard to manage . 
  that 's a huge if . 
  decades in the future . 
  lol battery storage for a whole country . 
  do you even know what you are talking about ? 
  well she 's not a princess . 
  at least not a princesa according to spanish law . 
  whoops i meant ephebophilia !, 
  the creepy ephebophobia questions again !, 
  giving up nuclear only to replace it by fuel . 
  environment my ass . 
  because elections in 3 months . 
  sad , i know . 
  if portugal and spain are n't south i do n't know what is . 
  also students studying for finals . 
  students do n't vote pp . 
  ah so rajoy has an expiration date already . 
  good . 
  yeah i do n't think i could manage with that much on my own . 
  not really . 
  food is cheap and we are four people . 
  130 $ in rent , 30 on utilities , 6 on internet , 50 on food . 
  i know a lot of interns , including myself and none makes less than 8 $ / h. 
  some make a bit more , up to 10 $ / h, 
  12k a year is more than enough for an intern . 
  for reference i spend 200 $ on rent , food and utilities per month . 
  you do n't need to be smart . 
  you need to work your fucking ass out . 
  but is part of what put is into the hole in the first place . 
  not the 30 % smartest . 
  but the most hardworking . 
  minimum wage for uni interns is higher than minimum wage . 
  some engineering interns make 10 $ / h which is n't bad at all . 
  first two years are boring . 
  math , physics , chemistry , etc then when the fun times begin , they already sucked your soul and you just want it to end . 
  well then it would sound boring to men as well . 
  well for example women are worse at most sports . 
  so they are different . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  they do n't sign up because they do n't want to .
