  i have n't been to either of those but i 've been in ireland , italy , germany , and more european countries and i have found french people in general to be very rude . 
  even people working in airports and train stations , who honestly should speak better english and be less rude . 
  i 'm never going back if i can help it . 
  i do n't know but when i was in paris ( only a day ) everybody i interacted with was extremely rude . 
  well , nuclear waste is n't as bad as people think . 
  you can in fact swim in the pools where they are temporarily stored . 
  gas needs to be imported too . 
  and so does gasoline ... also the environmental costs of transporting uranium are low , it has very high energetic density . 
  i do n't know why people think nuclear is worse than gas or fuel . 
  i mean , really , it kills many thousands of people a year . 
  always happens in times of bad economy , sadly . 
  according to that wikipedia article , based on my bmi , i get a 11 % fat . 
  i know it 's an estimate , but damn . 
  `` and if you do n't have it you are not coming back to that bar . '', 
  the worst thing about barcelona is no free tapas . 
  when i was in belgium i ate frituur twice a day . 
  no regrets . 
  or boiled , then add butter , 
  i thought it was boss kidnapers . 
  i guess if they give you candy for donating blood , there must be something for those too . 
  i guess not starving . 
  serves him right then . 
  i had never heard of him , til . 
  and yet our energy bill rose . 
  i 'd visit shit spain does . 
  i am . 
  and i use both languages and identify myself culturally with both . 
  i do n't like toros , but i do n't like castellers or sardanes either . 
  on the other hand , i love siesta , and i love cal\u00e7ots . 
  all is good . 
  you know , it 's extremely amusing that you tell me what my culture and my languages are . 
  thanks !, 
  oh thanks . 
  sorry for whoever is downvoting you . 
  to me , it is as much my language as catalan . 
  nobody has forced it to me , even though history has indeed some effect to the current state of languages in catalunya . 
  i do n't understand why people need to disregard spanish culture in order to feel catalan . 
  do n't be closed , take the good from everything . 
  spanish culture has awesome things too !, 
  can you explain ? 
  esl : /, 
  there are some die hard nationalist spanish people running around here , 
  it 's both . 
  i 'm bilingual . 
  as are all catalan people that were born here . 
  if you say spanish is n't your language , you are lying . 
  you know it perfectly well , it 's useful and beautiful . 
  but you can keep lying to yourself . 
  not at all . 
  i cringe when people shout `` visca terra lliure !, 
  '' , which was a terrorist group . 
  granted , most young people do n't know that . 
  when they are killing innocent people and policemen , i think it is very unreasonable to defend them . 
  i do n't support killing people for a political cause . 
  i do n't really have a strong opinion about this to be fair , but i find it strange that people would demonstrate for them , and even more , link this scum with the basque independence movement . 
  this hurts their image a lot . 
  even though eta is practically dead , i think the risk is there . 
  i also think terrorists should be marginalized ( sp ? ), 
  from society . 
  i really do n't understand how people can defend this people and keep a straight face . 
  they should be ashamed . 
  which is to say , both things are unrelated . 
  and yes , i am not pro or against any separatist movement , i am pro self-determination , a right we have been denied for so long . 
  terrorists can die alone for all i care . 
  100 montaditos recently changed their policy , at least in bcn . 
  however once a week everything is on 50cts . 
  except the salad . 
  worst is spanish king in every coin . 
  well alves is a diver , that 's undeniable . 
  well it 's a broad generalization . 
  not all newspapers are like this . 
  oh you should see the manipulation of spanish tv channels , it 's glorious . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4sv-epcicck ( it 's in spanish , satirical video with some clips from right wing media ), 
  you got ta be kidding me . 
  look at both her facial expressions . 
  it 's a programming language . 
  you can build a basic website without using anything else . 
  writing code for websites built in html ? 
  they are filing for bankruptcy already . 
  tragedy !, 
  they can take us instead, 
  has it even been thick tho . 
  i learned some html coding at high school . 
  however after the butchery that has been going on to our education plans , i do n't know anymore . 
  i still feel more spanish than european . 
  i mean we share a lot of stuff . 
  no germany , you ai n't taking anything again !, 
  unlike spain , that retroactively changes subsidies and laws and fucks you over . 
  taking her brain cells too . 
  this is true ... for some job markets . 
  for example agriculture has been taken over by immigrants in spain . 
  not that i have anything against that , but they accept wages i would n't . 
  well if catalunya leaves maybe they 'll change the flag . 
  fair enough . 
  my speculation is that since this process will probably take a long time , if it happens at all , things will be much more clear by then . 
  no way we 'll leave spain cold turkey just like that . 
  we stand much to lose in tourism for example . 
  we pay that fee but downloading is still illegal . 
  yay spain i guess . 
  spain will change so much culturally in the next decades ...
