  they can learn religion outside , if they want to . 
  yep , this map is yet another reason for the list ... 
  eh , i do n't know . 
  hitler would have been pretty important on his own . 
  i feel proud , for some reason . 
  in eastern europe , $ 1 will get you way farther than in norway . 
  or than in us , for that matter . 
  probably half and half with the basque country . 
  arag\u00f3n does n't have a lot of big roads with france . 
  sure , you can cross , but i do n't think a lot of stuff is sent through . 
  it 's hard to know though . 
  and that 's exactly my point . 
  he defends catalonia keeping in spain because of economic reasons like those are the only ones . 
  and they are not . 
  so yeah , roughly half . 
  sauce : http://westmos.eu/dl/d5-spain.pdf, 
  but if the north still used slavery they could have competed and made a lot of money trading with the rest of the world . 
  yeah man , stopping slavery also went against your country 's economic interests . 
  that means jackshit to me . 
  well technically catalonia is an oppressed nation since it can not exercise its basic rights . 
  i guess we have some leverage to make spain sign . 
  we could tax imports coming through the pyrenees . 
  that oughta do it . 
   as long as any secession movement does not infringe on basic human and civil rights , the central government has no reason to oppose secession purely on the ground of it being illegal . 
  it 's the government 's job ( well , that of the legislative branch ) to create , amend , and replace laws , so that the democratic will of the people is heard . 
  well , that 's a bit idealistic . 
  it should be like that , but ... 
  as far as i 'm aware , persons is correct but it implies another meaning to the word that this graph does n't have . 
  this ca n't be more misleading . 
  the axis starts way up and the difference between start and top is n't very high . 
  also it says `` persons '' . 
  0/10 would n't trust . 
  inb4 russia annexionates nk and everybody is happy . 
  the main reason against solar panels is that they are n't very profitable and they are actually not very `` green '' . 
  so yeah . 
   especially in spain it 's a total no-brainer to go for renewables . 
  you 've got empty , dry stretches of land that are n't being used otherwise . 
  just pick up that free energy , who cares if the production per m \u00b2 is a bit lower ? 
  by the times the good spots are taken it 's time to replace the first infrastructure and by then it has come down in price because of the mass production and research which is incentivized by mass production . 
  except solar is only profitable when heavily subsidized . 
  that 's not a `` no-brainer '' . 
  thermosolar is cool , but it has limited use . 
  it 's baffling how people that do n't know shit about energy production spew bullshit and think they can fix the world so easily . 
  that the world is terrible because `` higher-ups '' are incompetent . 
  the sad truth is another . 
  i do n't mean an actual desert . 
  even though we have some of those . 
  but there are industrial and rural areas very sparsely populated that would do . 
  hell , even transporting the water would n't be such a big deal . 
  we do that all the time for industrial and urban uses . 
   you ca n't put them in the densely populated areas where they would be the most useful , because even a minor accident that just requires the permanent evacuation of the surrounding area would dislocate millions of people and be a major economic blow yeah it 's not like there are n't deserts in spain or something . 
  wait a second ... 
  jam\u00f3n is technically not a dish , 
  it 's also very much in the interests of the us to keep projection power all over the world , and that includes europe . 
  also keeping russia in bay is a strong motive for this as well . 
  a lot of people without a job . 
  you do n't actually believe this , do you ? 
  maybe . 
  but then it would be cold war ii, 
  duuude 16c is not ok for swimming . 
  crazy people here !, 
  it would also kill their economy in 2 weeks . 
  meh , 1.5 it 's not that high , could be cultural diferences . 
  and i usually have it at 10pm . 
  usage notes the word is mentioned in some early dictionaries , but there is little or no evidence of actual usage until it was picked up by various `` interesting word '' websites around the turn of the twenty-first century . 
  / r/conspiracy this way please, 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and say that 99 % of stupid answers are a joke . 
  but the gps will still track you where you are at home . 
  not that i disagree with having gps tracking that could only be accessed via judicial order , but i can respect your opinion in disagreeing with me . 
  that 's stupid . 
  it violates your privacy rights . 
  this , however , does n't . 
  since you are in public space , you are n't granted right to privacy in that regard . 
  also you kinda get tracked in some cities such as london via the street cameras . 
  which is a fucking great idea . 
  so many criminals caught because of those . 
  here a lot of the time there 's footage of banks or other shops that face the street , but then , might as well have municipal cameras . 
  you could launch a ddos attack from there and leave no trace , for example . 
  it wo n't . 
  13 year olds drink because it is kinda socially accepted . 
  he only missed a coma and used a wrong word , but you should be able to understand . 
  specially since this is likely your only language . 
  makes sense . 
  otherwise you can do illegal stuff there . 
   for raising the legal drinking age from 18 to 21 ( ?? ), 
  how 's that even supposed to work in their minds !, 
  i had never heard about it other than in historical novels . 
  then again i do n't grow oranges , 
  there are many more arguments to be told besides economical . 
  never said otherwise and i 'm not discussing independence . 
  just pointing out plain false comments . 
   yeah i do n't know the full economic details so i ca n't be more specific then i 'm sorry but you should n't speak about the subject . 
  you do n't see me discussing rocket science for a reason . 
  but you did n't read my post at all . 
  it is unfair thatcertain ccaa have a special treatment that we do n't . 
  i understand your point . 
  obviously we will be susbsizing the electrical grid and roads in the phrenees if we secede , that 's besides the point . 
  other regions like the basque county have a decent tax system , where they ( gasp ) get back what they pay in taxes . 
  we just subsidize other regions . 
  what i mean is that having the bureaucracy to support it all would be a nightmare .
