  i 'll live under el pont de vallcarca, 
  wait i just looked it up , it 's less than 1 %, 
  mmm sweet 2 % irpf, 
  thankfully it does n't put the kids in schools in danger , 
  yea my company screwed me over and i only got 5 days off . 
  joke 's on them though because i 'm leaving for greener pastures in 3 weeks . 
  i work all of august . 
  around 350 $ for part time . 
  your national identity clouds your rationality , shame on you . 
  aleix please stop redditing and get ready to get drunk like a motherfuck in festes de gr\u00e0cia, 
  it has been absorbed by the great espa\u00f1a . 
  directe de p\u00e9ls del nas , motherfucker, 
  hahahaha maybe once we are independent madrid will want to join instead of being stuck with those pesky galicians, 
  boooo, 
  does not compute . 
  maybe so . 
  i do n't know shit about finnish cuisine for example . 
  so i 'd assume fins know shit about ours . 
  or whatever other country . 
  empedrat . 
  so many !, 
  madrid more than barcelona in my experience !, 
  depends . 
  eat tapas ? 
  beach ? 
  friendly people ? 
  each one has their good parts !, 
  well nice places have tourism . 
  some are overrated and some underrated . 
  if you like the mountain , aragonese pyrenees are stunning . 
  monte perdido and such . 
  also sierra nevada ( mulhac\u00e9n ) . 
  of course it needs to be a legal entity in spanish law . 
  it is though . 
  we know . 
  it is different indeed . 
  but it 's still like when someone crashes into a tree while drunk and speeding . 
  hard to feel sorry for them . 
  oh seat is part of vw group . 
  thought i 'd share . 
  i better not tell you how much interns at seat make . 
  decent wages my ass . 
  how is that possible ? 
  how much is the minimum wage in germany ? 
  sorry i did n't check the link myself . 
  i 'll remove it . 
  here 's relevant song in spanish : ( removed ), 
  if ony spain would let us evolve instead of forcing a devolution . 
  we have plenty of those retards round this parts for some reason . 
  the 16-20 demographic is packed with them . 
  my allergy is pretty mild so i have tasted it . 
  it 's nice . 
  but i really love sepia and calamar :(, 
  hehe i can have paella valenciana but i 'm allergic to seafood so most of the others are out of the question for me . 
  my other half is . 
  had it some months ago made by a canadian , which was fun . 
  i 'm always in for a sopa do dia . 
  yes . 
  judging countries by their past would mean we are all a bunch of backwards , greedy , bloodlusted bastards . 
  the phrase `` ethnic right to ireland '' is pretty damn dumb . 
  if that 's a valid reason to get nationality , do you have room for 7 million people ? 
  run them over . 
  i have collided with more than one tourist in the bike lane . 
  after some point i just stopped giving a shit . 
  i never said otherwise . 
  the city hall is helping old shops in the centre but at some point you ca n't compete against piles of money . 
  also same goes for rent in sole neighborhoods is massively high because tourists with higher purchasing power will happily pay five times my rent in a quiet hood to stay in eixample or gr\u00e0cia for three weeks . 
  ridiculous . 
  we should n't and wo n't take ever increasingly amounts of shit in the name of money . 
  tourism is getting pretty annoying around these parts . 
  some neighborhoods are as good as gone . 
  the metro is terrifying at certain stations . 
  better burn something to celebrate no recession . 
  luckily in my university pay for interns is regulated . 
  even though the max is a bit low , companies sometimes offer more : /, 
  that 's so sad . 
  i 'm an intern but i would n't do it if i was n't getting paid . 
  that 's not too bad . 
  i mean 40 hours would n't be too bad either . 
  how many hours do they work now ? 
  aaah , you try having a fight with the real academia de la lengua espa\u00f1ola . 
  good luck with that . 
  exactly what my answer is about . 
  making plastic with oil is widely done , but would be much easier to give up that than giving up fossil fuels for transportation or energy . 
  as far as i know bioplastics are much more economically viable than biofuels . 
  which are highly contaminant anyways . 
  neither ecology is the paradigm of everything humans do . 
  that 's simpleminded . 
  money makes the world go around , there 's no way around it . 
  how do you define `` better '' ? 
  you know more than the world economy ? 
  of course we can . 
  but we have others too !, 
  it may sound that way but it 's pretty stupid , considering it is the correct pronunciation . 
  spain . 
  now seriously , there 's lots of people to whom latino is the proper spanish and actual spanish sounds weird to them . 
  they say we have a lisp or something ? 
  just hire toyota and they 'll fix it somehow . 
  that would be a damn shame . 
  not all nationalities survived , look at those poor galicians .
