  unless you are from madrid , it could work !, 
  it 's just flavor of the month . 
  forgot about that . 
  it 's not even finished !, 
  also i do n't think that 's a real gift to the world . 
  i find it ugly . 
  diabeetus . 
  no phone . 
  only sad . 
  and cold . 
  northern navarra feels much more basque , some people speak euskara there . 
  i guess there 's plenty i could find with a quick google , but nothing comes out off the top of my head . 
  except we do n't care at all about gibraltar and the falkland islands . 
  i really doubt it is a distraction maneuver . 
  it 's just petty politicians . 
  spain is trying its hardest . 
  i think a mouse could starve on the diference . 
  of course . 
  no idea . 
  does n't mean much . 
  spanish people eat a lot of bread too and our bread is remarkably bad compared to yours or german . 
  yes , but i think it would be hard to justify giving an autonomous region ( such as catalunya or euskadi ) the right to self-determination and deny it to balears . 
  in my opinion balears would be the region that would do better on its own . 
  tourism is big . 
  next time , speak about things you know about . 
  catalunya has every thing you listed . 
  we have police ( mossos d'esquadra and policia local ) , we have our own parliament , budget ... 
  i think our destiny is woven together . 
  if we are allowed to have a binding referendum , it will be for both . 
  imo german bread is just superior in every way . 
  also more varied . 
  i love them . 
  i have some family i would n't give a crumb of bread to . 
  i do , i 'm a boy scout , been monitoring for 3 years now . 
  have also participated in food banks . 
  oh , i know that . 
  but i do n't think in a number 's game , pro-independence wins overall . 
  you talk like one of those thousands of stupid 15 year olds that have a very idealistic and simple view of politics . 
  no offense intended . 
  you are right , most people in navarra do n't really want to be independent as far as i know . 
   do you consider yourself basque ? 
  i do n't think that means all those people support independence . 
  downvotes are n't a disagree button . 
  what he is saying is relevant to the conversation no matter how unagreeable it is . 
  but it is . 
  all the other sides are greener than spain . 
  french people in my experience do n't want to even speak english . 
  they probably know it , but i have had a hard time finding someone willing to cooperate . 
  aahahahah 10 % unemployment ... what we would give it to have it that low ... 
  but our individual goverments are just as bad . 
  surveillance , wars , wars on drugs etc. 
  yeah but if the system is corrupt europe ca n't just force them to put the politicians in jail . 
  why is it ? 
  it would be only a bit bigger than us federal government . 
  and probably would n't have as much power . 
  what jail ? 
  you ca n't just take a bulgarian politician and put it in `` european jail '' . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  a lot of people are technically religious but they really are n't fighting about it and it does n't stop them from doing most things . 
   the attackers were not initially taken into custody . 
  few weeks later the again attacked someone else and were put in prison . 
  what the fuck . 
  they are also hated in southern europe . 
  can confirm . 
  the word you are thinking about is `` extremist '' . 
  not all muslism are extremists . 
  two wrongs do n't make one right . 
  yep , it ai n't going to happen . 
  congrats , let 's see if we can do the same someday . 
  ca n't wait to get my degree and gtfo . 
  judging by the comments i read on reddit , your grammar is pretty poor . 
  wo n't be enough for all of you , sadly . 
  please , i 'll make you spanish omelette ... please ? 
  uk pls . 
  fair enough . 
   extremist and terrorist related content wonder what they consider extremist . 
  this could be bad news . 
  it has more results if you search `` mireia belmonte '' . 
  maybe that gives you some perspective . 
  oh so you are the kind of guy that reads abc and la razon . 
  i understand everything now . 
  terrorist detected, 
  they try but nobody cares here . 
  it 's not even in the news barely . 
  i recommend doing a bit of research . 
  but it 's obviously unrelated . 
  if i break the law , i can still report you if you trespass my property , for example . 
  does n't matter that i just robbed a bank the day before . 
  spain may break the laws , does n't mean they ca n't worry about their interests . 
  yet this has nothing to do with the above comment ... 
  it might seem like that but things like this wo n't get really big in our news . 
  people do n't care much . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's a very different question . 
  how many people adhere to that movement ? 
  i 've never heard of it seriously . 
  just people joking about the civil war and shit . 
  we are not special . 
  but this is the first time i hear about separatism in most the countries you listed . 
  do they really have a strong movement ? 
  not all those countries have a strong separatist movement .
