   as it stands though , catalonians are equal citizens to everyone else in spain . 
  i think you should learn a bit about what you talk before talking shit . 
  but rich neighbourhoods are n't big enough to be self sufficient . 
  double nationality for all . 
  but spain will never just shrug 25 % of pib . 
  that ai n't gon na happen . 
  they do n't ? 
  i do n't think this is being pedantic . 
  there 's quite the conceptual difference . 
  if you have leftover energy , you can just ground it , should n't be a problem . 
  there 's loss on distances . 
  also it is n't storing energy at all . 
  and we already sell/buy leftover energy . 
  well , should have studied harder . 
  the best gets the place , it 's how it works . 
  i do n't think it is unfair . 
  i 'm fairly sure 20.000 pounds is about the cost ( or even less ) of top university education . 
  in fact i would be surprised if it was that cheap . 
  so no , nobody is bringing in money . 
  i do n't really see the point of this when we do n't produce enough energy to feed ourselves . 
  at least not on our own . 
  maybe more bargaining power ? 
  what does my flair look like ? 
  mmm edit : ahhh was hoping for spain . 
  it probably was terrible , lol . 
  i can think of some ways to spend that energy . 
  surely the industrial sector would love some cheap energy at night . 
  why did he have to apologize if he truly thought it was disgusting ? 
  i 'm pretty sure a potato canon is better than both of those . 
  do n't know french , did n't read ? 
  it 's also impossible to do something better than a guesstimate . 
  read it again . 
  looks like half of us are from catalunya . 
  weird . 
  just imagine what kind of person wants to be a riot policeman . 
  and that 's what you got . 
  well i eat a lot of pasta . 
  i guess i might live to 100 years old perhaps . 
  as a perfectly color seeing person , this graphic is extremely difficult to interpret . 
  if you go to a bar , 90 % people is drinking beer . 
  well , most renewables are good because they make your country less dependent on others . 
  and those others are usually in conflicted areas like the middle-east , russia , or africa . 
  also you can store nuclear fuel for 2 or 3 years , but storing fuel or coal for that amount of time would be pretty fucking crazy . 
  dude you are going to spawn all the comments about how nuclear is expensive and the waste is terrible . 
  the author probably has a phd . 
  that 's the point of the article . 
  i too , felt vaguely offended . 
  tomato europe only europe, 
  nothing that i know about . 
  cue 100 child comments with a wikipedia article about all belgian delicatesen . 
  around the same as other 0,001 % ers . 
  i did n't do that . 
  but it is something that if you do n't have , some text in the sidebar is n't going to infuse into you . 
  my point is that just as `` be respectful '' subs should bring it up regardless of it being a guideline or not . 
  it does n't hurt though , so if you guys want it there , i do n't have nothing against it . 
  for some reason , i 'm a bit anal about doing pointless stuff , i argue with people very often about this !, 
  it definitely happens , but stupid people either do n't read the sidebar or do n't care about it . 
  i mean , we could have `` please be respectful '' in the sidebar , however it is unlikely that would change anything . 
  i think this is common sense and very obvious . 
  so if the project succeeds , they get to keep the profits . 
  if it does n't , they get bailout . 
  where do i sign up for this amazing investing oportunity ? 
  upvoted the thread for popcorn . 
  so you believe that it would be better to let the kids get sick because of their parent 's negligence ? 
  your house wires are able to withstand way more current than you have contracted with your provider , so it is literally impossible for you to burn them . 
  i 'm not sure how to explain this in a easier way . 
  i think insurance cost are established . 
  it does n't cover the whole mess , so i 'm not sure if extra costs are counted in . 
  heating with something else is usually expensive . 
  and it 's very efficient as electrical generator if you use the extra heat to heat stuff . 
  we do this in spain already . 
  however one wonders how clean is burning random shit . 
  same as the whole of western/south europe . 
  that 's literally impossible since there 's magnetotermics and other protections in place to prevent that . 
  you must be living in a very very old house ( and that would still be illegal , since those protections are mandatory ) for that to happen . 
  yeah that 's definitely true but it 's still done with electricity . 
  i am not sure if a heat pump would be any good in the swedisb winter , i have limited knowledge about them . 
  this is the pdf by comisi\u00f3n nacional de energ\u00eda , http://www.cne.es/cne/doc/publicaciones/cne82_08.pdf you can find the table in page 9 , should be easy to understand for non native speakers . 
  well it is as trivial as purchasing a radiator , honestly . 
  nuclear is the cheapest form of energy bar hydroelectric . 
  or at least the spanish government says so . 
  i would post the source with all the data but it 's in spanish . 
  i keep seeing this . 
  but houses can be heated with electricity , via joule effect . 
   fucking educate your self you hate mongering shit http://i.imgur.com/phrl12s.gif, 
  what many people fail to understand , is that nuclear is to fuel what aviation is to car travel . 
  yeah sure , aviation accidents are big and nasty , but they kill way less people on average . 
  check deaths by nuclear accidents compared to regular fossil fuels . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  but not for the last drop . 
  wars for cheaper resources have happened since the dawn of time , but i think the parent comment was referring to a last stand scenario , which simply , wo n't happen . 
   but they will have the last laugh when it come to fighting for that last barrel of oil , kilo of phosphorus or drop of clean water . 
  thankfully this will never happen , for obvious reasons . 
  if you come to the point of fighting for the last drop of water , population drops , then boom , water for everyone . 
  earth is self regulating , even if it might wipe us out in the process . 
  same goes for petrol ( except no more petrol , but no more demand ) , nuclear winter , etc. 
  france has a very strong industry , which is definitely helpful in case of war . 
  according to reddit 's vote system , at least 87 people . 
  well given the age pyramid , i do n't find this result very far-fetched , if you think people older than 60 have n't used it . 
  yeah siemens makes pretty much anything .
