  of course everything that is owned by uk , is partly funded by scottish citizens , so i think it is fair that they keep their own resources and infrastructure . 
  i do n't think you should be suspicious . 
  i 'd accept if you had experienced both cultures . 
  if you have n't , i do n't think your opinion is valid . 
  sorry , not trying to be rude or anything , just do n't like people speaking about things they do n't know about . 
  totally correct . 
  the image is because of eta , pretty much . 
  catalans are the ones that have been very repressed and at war with spain . 
  yeah , my bad . 
  later on . 
  and the older kids ( 16 or more ) play at night ( 20h or later ) . 
  it 's important to note that we have dinner at 21h or later . 
  i honestly do n't know much about valencia but i 'd say it is pretty mixed . 
  that strawman . 
  what ? 
  17 or so . 
  hs ends at 17:30 ... 
  we have . 
  there have been some terrorist groups in the past . 
  most citizens disagree , they would n't get as much support as eta did/does imo, 
  oh it is like this in winter here . 
  that 's just your opinion . 
  i think you might be better represented by an english politic system , might be true individually . 
  but it ca n't be for ireland as a country . 
  and that 's one of the reasons why i 'd like to be independent . 
  catalunya as a state would have a saying in things like that . 
  i do n't know about scotland , but i guess catalan independence would ignite the anti-catalan people in spain . 
  i wish ... 
  does n't any group of people that wants to be independent have a right to self-determination ? 
  17:20 is late sun ? 
  damn . 
  do n't forget that we might want that only our votes have a saying in our politics . 
  you know , most people that think like this actually have their own state . 
  if you think about it , being in a country that literally forces ( or tries to ) their own culture into yours , including language , economic model and some others . 
  for example , i do n't think it 's fair that a guy elected by the votes in madrid has a saying in the educational system in catalunya . 
  not because he 's inferior or stupid or anything . 
  he simply has not experienced bilinguism and might be very misguided about the system strengths and flaws . 
  nationalism is silly . 
  but not all the reasons for independence are idealistic . 
  there 's a big cultural difference in spain vs catalonia , for example . 
  spanish law is not contemplative of our culture ( see bullfighting for example ) . 
  there are also economic reasons . 
  look it from the other perspective . 
  your argument implies that if we all got to be an unified state , we would be stronger and more unified . 
  if the states in eu have the right to be independent , why not regions where the majority of citizens want to ? 
  and have good reasons to . 
  sadly i think spain wo n't let go easily . 
  catalonia is a great asset to spain for several reasons . 
  of course officially we get a lot of shit from spain too . 
  and some people seem to hate on catalan people for no reason . 
  as long as the majority of the citizens are in , i 'm all for it . 
  every year in barcelona , the closing time for concerts keeps getting earlier and earlier . 
  that ca n't possibly be . 
  you are already paying the artist . 
  or he 's performing freely because he wants . 
  i wish ... 
  not much . 
  i think spanish culture is very different than your average europan country . 
  for the most part i wish it merges up a bit . 
  hard to be proud to live in a country that we did n't create and probably did n't contribute much with , 
   a democratically elected head of state from another continent it 's funny because diverting planes . 
  keep the classic stereotype of the ignorant american . 
  well done . 
  it 's all about having russia and china . 
  i am sure they would jump at the chance . 
  i thought it was funny :(, 
  well , he might be not kidding but then he 's stupid . 
  no one wants a war against the us . 
  not even with russia and china with you . 
  to be fair , it makes sense if you are already cutting aids for your own citizens . 
  he 's kidding . 
  with some bolognese hmmm, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 255 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  but we have extra ones . 
  it 's cultural , our education system is failing pretty bad on mandatory education . 
  it gets better after that . 
  most people do n't care , they figure they will never use english . 
  and no media in tv and stuff is in english , and you ca n't find pretty much anything you want in spanish . 
  to be honest i 'm into weiss . 
  more accurate words have never been written . 
  this is true , i can confirm . 
  yep , spain is living in the past for the most part . 
  i will get killed or something for saying this one day but ... 
  i prefer german beer over belgian . 
  can you explain ?
