  i do n't want to live in a country where gay marriage is forbidden . 
  clearly catalan people are more progressive than the average spaniard . 
  you feel old ? 
  give me a break aleix . 
  unlikely ? 
  based on what ? 
  consitution is an excuse . 
  it can be changed but pp just wo n't . 
  consitution is an excuse . 
  it can be changed but pp just wo n't . 
  what 's the point ? 
  the point is that the us has powerful allies that can multiplicate the spending if a time of need arises . 
  it 's true that in some cases that would be too slow . 
  also , it 's just a close safe place for the us when operating in conflicted areas like the middle west . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't have anything against germany but i feel like many spaniards do . 
  i would assume germany 's popularity to be very low here in spain atm . 
  germany is doing very well in part because of the rest of the eu . 
  while i am really grateful that they are helping us so much , they should n't forget that . 
  holy shit must be nice to get 6000 $ . 
  i got 1k this year . 
  why do you answer if you know nothing ? 
  andal\u00fa ( see risitas ), 
  they do n't completely . 
  but certainly there 's some manipulation . 
  valencia is the most corrupt part of spain . 
  everybody here knows . 
  money is n't everything , my friend . 
  he 's refering to quality of life . 
  did i dream this or did someone already cross it on a man powered aircraft ? 
  you do n't know if he could go berserker at some point . 
  race to the bottom is a useless argument . 
  following that we should cut tax to companies . 
  i care . 
  love some vw , that 's true . 
  hybrid golf looks so sexy . 
  not much , i think . 
  spain is bigger than greece . 
  thank pp for their laws about firing employees . 
  lovely . 
  yeah i was born and live in barcelona but i 'm not spanish either , 
  that 's fucking stupid . 
  the past does n't mean jack . 
  i hate to be that guy but if we thank the greek for giving us democracy , what do we say to germans ? 
  vaig a visitar can felip , aka `` i 'm going to the toilet '' yeah . 
  i go on the street with an ak47 and kill 200 people that 's a massacre . 
  if you ca n't keep afloat because of taxes , your business deserves to die instead of stealing from everyone . 
  you are actually stealing from us by using public services . 
  that 's stupid . 
  i do n't want to have to carry receiptd everytime under threat of a fine . 
  or have the police do their damned job . 
  huge fine to offenders . 
  jail time for second offense . 
  you do n't need to think that something is better than some other thing in order to be proud . 
  or are you never proud of yourself unless you are the best ? 
  i do n't think toyota is unreliable . 
  all cabbies in barcelona have one . 
  europe will pick up greece , but greece needs to get its shit together . 
  or else it is just dumping money . 
  our countries are n't doing so well either . 
  diferent definition of homicide and an effective policr force / s, 
  i do n't think the most popular paper in spain is a `` sun '' . 
  i mean it 's surely has its defects but it 's not 100 % bullcrap, 
  i do n't have much of a safety net so i take this seriously . 
  it definitely matters how much experience you have and how old you are to get a job . 
  maybe there are better options for me right now . 
  even then it 's just a matter of opinion , i do n't know how you can be so sure . 
  please enlighten me . 
  it 's not a race but i 'd like to get shit done before i turn 30 . 
  too hot to sleep right now at my place . 
  owed to greeks for many reasons ? 
  please . 
  not even podemos would pull a tsipras so i think spain is safe for now . 
  edit : lol butthurt podemos voters, 
  i would love to go abroad to study or work but here i can do many more things at the same time . 
  it 's just not efficient for me . 
  i 'm 22 . 
  i 'm doing an internship , studying at university , about to do y final project and in an fsae team . 
  i would say i know what is good for me . 
  but everybody would say the same , else they would do something else . 
  i digress . 
  i do n't enjoy people telling me what to do . 
  and even less so if it is to make friends and drink wine . 
  i mean , learning a foreign language would be useful but i have other priorities . 
  that problem is solved . 
  not favorably but it would be . 
  then you get a new problem though . 
  i heard they saved some thousands of lives in the pacific . 
  spain has actually improved lots of things . 
  like city councils not running at a deficit . 
  or unemployment going slowly down . 
  haha that 's very true . 
  i do engineering in barcelona and see the erasmus guys failling very often . 
  no , i do n't need to go anywhere i do n't want to go , thanks . 
  i see the fun in erasmus and how it is useful to bring europeans together , but there 's lots of other more useful things i can do and am doing here in my country . 
  that 's a problem in spain as well . 
  alone ? 
  english nationalism strikes again !, 
  why would it be a disaster ? 
  some regions i find hard to understand .
