  people that run that business will not be harmed . 
  and the rest of us will . 
  you are talking a big bunch of bullshit . 
  i 'm gon na boycott the us because they spy on us . 
  my own country as well becasue bullfighting . 
  oh china ? 
  terrible working conditions , so gon na boycott them as well . 
  oh wait i ca n't buy anything ever again then . 
  not all the spanish bullfighting shows harm the bull . 
  at least physically . 
  i have over 100 confirmed kills in ~ ~ bull ~ ~ gorilla warfare . 
  about fucking time . 
  yeah i 'm sure that it will really call the attention to whomever it may concern . 
  you shut your whore mouth about tricornios . 
  seriously they are ridiculous . 
  well , he sure gave us a downvote . 
  / r/irishnews is not going to happen , man . 
  did you see the last trip ? 
  that was the whole point of the video . 
  not exactly http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estelada, 
  well i was forced to learn english !, 
  can you believe it !, 
  french people come here to shop regularly . 
  too bad not even the most radical christians do that . 
  inc american flair telling us how racist we are . 
  they pay less than us in tuition ? 
  hnnnnnnnnnngggggggg, 
  monsieur *, 
  you would think the pilots give a shit about what you think . 
  but most likely they do n't . 
  which does n't mean they do n't care about your ( and his/her ) safety . 
  do n't know , does n't seem like too many . 
  the concept of `` pay if you use '' is good on paper , but honestly , if the prices are so high , nobody will use it so the money goes to waste . 
  [ you should watch this video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvdc7gluong ), 
  duh i ca n't read . 
  seems a pretty good description of exactly the same thing in spain . 
  do n't know about the rest of spain , but here , tolls are a ruin . 
  edit : i 'll let you this explicative [ video ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jvdc7gluong ), 
  guess the italics made it . 
  time to dust out mr. 
  guillotine . 
  ~ ~ my excel skills say that you would only need to marry 100 gay people to get 100 % rebate . ~ ~ duh, 
  you talkin ' to me mate ? 
  well , in what way are you subsidizing us that would n't be fixed by saving money and manpower from stupid wars ? 
  maybe . 
  but maybe our militaries could save * some * money not going to stupid wars and use that money to other things , and that would make us not need murican aid . 
  you know , you got me thinking . 
  the biggest problem to having an european joint military is that the spanish soldiers could n't speak english for the life of them . 
  i do think that is correct . 
   who is currently subsidizing your own defense yeah i 'm gon na go ahead and say that a very big part of what your military ( or any of them ) does is useless to me . 
  or even worse , it 's bad . 
  and for some reason , after spending an ungodly amount per capita to military spending , they are proud of it . 
  ` murica !, 
  do n't know which good news would `` cancel '' this one , for example . 
  that 's not hard to change , actually . 
  it would improve things a lot . 
  and they would n't be wrong . 
  that could be it . 
  oh shit no please we will be an obedient ca . 
  so if we become independent , will we get to be south korea ? 
  i honestly only want that they raise their taxes . 
  that is all . 
  we should make a post since people do n't seem to get this . 
  that 's a very big if you got there man . 
  but they feel british . 
  why kick them out ? 
  it 's just stupid . 
  it 's actually other countries in eu that will have a real housing problem soon . 
  that is n't even an action by the government . 
  just 4 dumbasses . 
  to be fair i have little regard for any religion . 
  have seen to much shit because of it in my country . 
  that 's weird . 
  when i was in germany , beer was extremely cheap at the supermarket . 
  homestly i never want to go to protests because all there is in the news is the 5 dumbasses that burned some trash cans . 
  / r/murica would be most displeased by hearing that . 
  i found the article funny until i read your comment . 
  now i 'm sad . 
  i did n't know you could make synthetic materials from gas . 
  but anyways , if it will be so rare and expensive , nobody will buy it . 
  integration as in `` put your kids to school and follow law or gtfo of my country '' . 
  how about that ? 
  oh but the scale is so much lower . 
  just a recolor . 
  i actually think our flag looks cool . 
  do n't tempt them . 
  yeah back in hs i had this as well . 
  well the smartest move is to sell every scrap that you are n't using . 
  there 's a big chance that in 300 years we wo n't be burning gas as an energy source . 
  spanish would obviously still be co-official language . 
  we have a large part of population that does n't speak catalan . 
  now i see what you were talking about was not what i was thinking about education . 
  as it is , currently in catalunya , all schools teach in catalan . 
  except the spanish class . 
  that 's on paper , of course , some teachers speak spanish . 
  and that 's totally ok . 
  it will continue being like this . 
  my previous post just pointed out that most spanish speaking schools happened to be religious , for obvious reasons . 
  that 's because there 's a lot of bullshit flying around too . 
  and there will be .
