  i agree , i 'm sure if we could pull it off so cheaply in spain you guys can too . 
  that 's why the government is considering asking for other prices , specially for japanese contractors , because they can probably match their desired prices . 
  however , local companies play with public opinion , because the public wants the business to stay in local enterprises . 
  https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/65713/6883-electricity-generation-costs.pdf check this report by the english gov. , it will be easier to read for you  if you check the part where it lists the costs for `` new nuclear '' ( start building today , start operating by 2018 ) , you will see that ** nuclear is the cheapest energy resource per mwh . 
  ** not bad at all , if you ask me . 
  i know you are kidding , i think you shall enjoy this xkcd . 
  i do n't know much about safety of nuclear reactors , do you ? 
  edit : here 's [ the source , on page 11 . 
  ] ( http://www.cne.es/cne/doc/publicaciones/cne82_08.pdf ) and that 's considering the price of the facilities , which are actually paid already , so that cost should cover enough to build newer , safer ones ( if the actual ones are n't , which i will take your word for ) , or a very big part of , considering conventional costs 3x times as much as nuclear , in variable costs . 
  eh i do n't know in your country but i checked the data released by the spanish government , lists price and total production cost per mwh . 
  i can give you the source but unfortunately it is in spanish . 
  edit : i do n't think the article you listed is a source , it 's just random numbers thrown in a paper . 
  try looking for the reports from your gov. , there 's probably the cost of energy breakdown . 
  may be . 
  however do you know how many human deaths are produced every year by co2 ? 
  i 'm all for new resources . 
  however shutting down nuclear reactors is stupid . 
  they are way better than other resources we are using right now . 
  oh yes , i 'm all for renewable resources . 
  at the current state of the art though , they are not enough to provide our needs . 
  then , the best energy source is nuclear , combined with others . 
  shutting down nuclear capacities wo n't help anybody . 
  also i see you do n't know much if you compare a kg of co2 to a kg of u. 
  a fuel central produces tons of co2 , compared to the little waste produced by a nuclear reactor . 
  also the co2 is way more dangerous . 
  you are one of those idealist guys . 
  the alternative to nuclear is conventional ( gas , coal and fuel ) , which is even more limited and also used to other things . 
  nuclear produces less deaths and is cheaper . 
  i do n't see a problem with it . 
  of course it also has its downsides , but nuclear waste is a thousand times better than carbon dioxide . 
  also cheaper than anything except hydroelectric , which is quite limited . 
  because stupid uninformed public . 
  i think this happens everywhere in the world . 
  would be nice if we could inspect places like that and stop this bullshit . 
  people is stupid . 
  if people were n't so dumb we could have more nuclear . 
  it 's specially bad in spain , people think nuclear is the devil . 
  because obesity . 
  very few people will get this . 
  just pointing out why the swastika is banned . 
  well i do know some people that would be offended if you were to walk around with a swastika in your shirt . 
  so much as making it illegal ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but if i see you in the street with a swastika , i 'm gon na get pissed . 
  and if we have to interact in some way , i 'm gon na ask you about that shit . 
  it 's totally not cool . 
  it represents ideals that have killed a lot of people . 
  seeing that banks hold a big proportion of the property ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  they complain property is a bad asset , and ca n't be liquidized easy . 
  well maybe if you sold cheaper ... 
  i think all european cuisine has its merits . 
  or do n't you love german bread ? 
  yup . 
  there 's also a small airport in seu d'urgell which can have international traffic . 
  it does n't but maybe at some point in the future . 
  nono , you are thinking of androgenous . 
  andorra is euskera for a woman that walks a lot . 
   and a paradise in the eyes of catalonian independentists . 
  why ? 
  i do n't agree with their political system . 
  or their tax system . 
  or pretty much nothing except language which i honestly do n't give a shit about . 
  also you do n't have to go undetected , there 's a certain amount of stuff you can carry without getting taxed . 
  i think for tobacco it is 2 big packs ( 400 cigs ) . 
  i might be wrong tho . 
  does it not have an airport or a small aerodrome ? 
  the 5zb refers to processing amount , not storage . 
  you are right . 
  i do n't know into the future but i know some stuff about science and engineering because i 'm an engineering student . 
  and as far as i know , even if storage keeps up with moore 's law ( it probably wo n't ) , things do n't increase 10000x in 3 years . 
  also their budget is limited , even if big . 
  so yeah , not happening . 
  the cern storage facilites have 1450 m2 . 
  the nsa storing facility ( the new center in utah ) has [ 9290 m2 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/utah_data_center ) so unless they know some magic , i doubt they can pull 100.000 x the data in 10x the space . 
  just saying . 
  edit : [ conversion with wa ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=100000+square+feet+to+square+meters ), 
  except going from 60 pb to 5zb is a jump of 100.000 factor . 
  except you ignored the second part of my comment . 
  and trust me , if someone bought half the world 's hdd production , you would notice . 
  oh yeah that too . 
  it 's amazing what people that have lived all their lifes between cottons will do to stay out of jail . 
  everyone and their mother goes there to buy electronics , cigarettes and such . 
  french citizens do as well . 
  the original source cited that 5zb was the info processed , not the info stored . 
  no , it really is , you 'd need to buy an impossible number of hdds . 
  furthermore , the original source cited a capacity to process 5 zb , not to store them , which would be useless . 
  this is pretty much true . 
  the only whistleblowing going around here is people trying to hurt the enemy party . 
  this country is going to shit really fast . 
  will we ever hit a bottom ? 
  that sounds like something the spanish government could do . 
  i live there . 
  what do you know about catalunya ? 
  thanks , you are a true bro . 
  4 hours and 37 points later and not a single translation :(, 
  that 's not the only gov that denied him asylum though . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  this is false and you should read up on some international law .
