  i want to learn german now but it is pretty hard and i 'm a bit lazy to use duolingo and stuff . 
  does n't play on my phone . 
  someone create an european replacement for all of this . 
  damn i 'm jealous of the people that got to try it . 
  also is it doing a barrell roll on one of the pictures ? 
  woah, 
  you write just fine , 
  or trilingual , 
  proficiency is a big deal here . 
  almost nobody has it . 
  to get a degree you are only required to pass first certificate . 
  consider yourself lucky of having tti , i just had good ol' regular english . 
  yes that 's how i learned spanish myself . 
  on the internet . 
  english in spanish schools is a joke . 
  luckily for me , i loved mmorpgs . 
  let 's do this . 
  fair point , 
  technically not , and i say that because we used to be and we might be again someday . 
  and because i feel like that . 
  yes . 
  maybe more . 
  there 's 11,5 m catalan speakers in the world , i do n't think it is that minor . 
  i do n't even know why vatican should be a country . 
  i 'm not proud of being catalan , i did n't do anything . 
  but i do want us to be independent , i think there are a lot of valid reasons to be . 
  i know , being that he was put there pretty much by franco . 
  it only makes sense . 
  no catalan :(, 
  that sounds right . 
  it is both . 
  that 's the reason we do n't have a referendum . 
  spain fears the outcome . 
  why do n't we take over spain ? 
  we 'll help , if only you let us be independent . 
  soon ... 
  why does your flair have a german flag but it is about an european confederation ? 
  you planning to take over again ? 
  damn . 
  edit : i vote for catalonia , even though it is not technically a country . 
  sorry , i 'm not big on scottish tax system . 
  maybe they are exempt from taxes , i apologize . 
  i guess he was referring that 16yo can work . 
  i guess you can make a pretty accurate assumption . 
  i guess you are kidding but it really is the only logical step . 
  we 've had that in spain for a while . 
  i think in the end it was rejected . 
  but is there an actual serious effort to be independent ? 
  i have not heard of that . 
  if you ask me , it is n't gon na happen any time soon . 
  we could use a list , there must be hundreds of things we do n't even know exist !, 
  catalan government is rather subdued to the spanish one , sadly . 
  specially when psc or pp governs , because their main party is on a national level . 
  i see you too want a catalan flair . 
  of course we have a fucking president . 
  66 % holy shit that 's terrible . 
  and welcome to the jam, 
  that 's an excuse . 
  otherwise bomb all dictators . 
  hello . 
  expensive dangerous and stupid . 
  great . 
  there 's plenty of them actually . 
  i see lots of people in / r/barcelona looking for work . 
  hey now , some of us are n't even a country , 
  before wartime . 
  while terrible , it is nowhere near the same . 
  one is straight up theft and the other is exploitation . 
  nice . 
  stone is expensive and concrete is cheap . 
  it was a joke about how `` gibraltar waters '' are here every week but yet they are actually spanish . 
  it is quite expensive living there , i hope he makes around that much . 
  what about gibraltar waters ? 
  why is portugal stupid ? 
  you are exaggerating . 
  portugal is n't in such bad shape . 
  well there are some redditors that are 3/5ths of a redditor . 
  relevant username, 
  it 's in my flair . 
  do you really have to attack people like this ? 
  are you 12 ? 
  be civil please . 
  because the petition is useless . 
  and because the text will be released before voting . 
  now shut up this ttip crap pisses me right off . 
  i spend 200 $ a month for four people and we lack nothing except fresh fish . 
  only eat frozen fish and canned tuna . 
  most muslims do n't , either . 
  there are both . 
  not all people crossing into europe are syrian . 
  not really . 
  there are good ethnically gipsy people but they abandoned their culture . 
  their culture is terrible . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck about anybody 's ethnicity . 
  so that ca n't be racist . 
  wild pigs are pretty mean and they cause car accidents sometimes . 
  also supposedly there 's wolves in the north but apparently they are shy and do n't mingle much with humans . 
  too bad you can only vote two parties . 
  so did you and i. 
  does n't justify cruelty .
