  i nominate myself as the representative of the world . 
  op , stop on euskadi and eat some pintxos with some zuritos on top . 
  our independence moviment is gaining steam . 
  til about this . 
  french electricity is probably cheaper because nuclear . 
  `` spain will start 2014 with the 3rd more expensive energy prices in the eu . '', 
  how is this even possible ? 
  we have cheap labor , some great renewable resources , and are pretty close to gas and fuel producers . 
  this is beyond belief . 
  i 'm no expert but that looks functional . 
  got ta love that cassio . 
  that 's anecdotic . 
  but it 's actually the other way around . 
  soanish people are leaving for germany and uk . 
  what if i 'm not poor enough to apply for government aid but i need something expensive done and my insurance does n't cover it ? 
  if i were american and making the money i am making nowadays , i could n't afford it . 
  also unless you have the best insurance ever , it does n't cover everything . 
  also you overpay for shit way too much . 
  you are just crunching and twisting numbers to manipulate reality . 
  what gives if it 's half , almost half or whatever . 
  the fact is that a lot of people voted for them and now we are stuck . 
  i also think that it 's a bit impolite using your own language in an international sub . 
  at least i can break a leg and do n't go bankrupt , 
  that 's painfully wrong . 
  corruption in most of sa is way worse than spain . 
  any latino immigrant will tell you as much . 
  that 's why they came here . 
  i consider 44 % to be `` almost half '' i do n't know about you . 
  saying that you have to consider non-voters would be the same as recurring to the old `` mayor\u00eda silenciosa '' argument . 
  which i hate with a passion . 
  well almost half the population did n't vote for them so we may very well have the right to complain . 
  i 'm gon na go out a limb and say that most pp voters are n't in the age region to get pregnant or would n't abort if it was available . 
  crime , duh . 
  obvious . 
  it 's a deterrent . 
  you are now officially the least inclusive mod . 
  but seriously mods pls . 
  technically i 'm spanish but i only feel spanish when i 'm abroad . 
  it 's weird but it happens to a lot of catalan people that i know . 
  not according to the law in spain unless i 'm very wrong . 
  in which case i do n't really care because i stay away from minors but age of consent is 13 here . 
  sorry , lazy , i check this sub very rarely . 
  tall . 
  i do n't think you understand the situation . 
  catalonia has no army , so there 'd be little point to invade ... 
  perhaps . 
  definitely no war . 
  you are typing on an iphone right ? 
  i can tell by the spaces and points , happens to me too . 
  i think it 's pretty clear . 
  those are just flares to deflect popular opinion . 
  faulty flares . 
  after la via catalana , i saw shows on tv screaming foul , showing some cows with esteladas and claiming those were on the gaps of the chain . 
  however that clip was taken next to the chain . 
  media manipulation in spain is borderline criminal . 
  ca n't be a war since catalunya does n't have an army . 
  unless you count the mossos , the local police . 
  you are underestimating our stupidity . 
  for some people , democracy is good when the rest vote what they want . 
  otherwise the majority is dumb and uninformed compared to themselves . 
  loooove your username !, 
  well , it is pretty cringe worthy . 
  but a poor workers last 500 $ is much more valuable to them than random 's entrepeneur 100k . 
  in my experience italy is somehow even worse at english , but i do n't know that many italians or even that many spanish people outside of catalonia . 
  i somewhat agree . 
  you 'll pick up the pronunciation a bit . 
  i can confirm i have been treated like shit in paris . 
  worst city i 've been by far . 
  i wo n't be back if i can help it . 
  honestly it was a bit offensive in more than one sense . 
  i have n't found a drop of truth in your post . 
  come the fuck on . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  that ai n't true . 
  mm thanks ? 
  he said grand . 
  not really . 
  there are a couple laguages and a couple dialects , but central spanish is very much alive . 
  well at least the formating is nice and it does n't look like a wall of text . 
  but that 's a long-ass text . 
  imagine the long one . 
  you are right , in the last sentence he was speaking about smacking his lips together so this is n't actually for a sign , as i had imagined . 
  also i dislike using `` lo siento '' . 
  lo sentimos por las molestias just sounds much more professional . 
  oh i assumed it was a catedral because there was a museum . 
  but you are totally right . 
  oh i had never heard that rule before but i 'm 99 % sure nobody uses it . 
  yeah , less repetitive . 
  spanish yeah . 
  catalan ? 
  not at all . 
  you know . 
  the anti gypsy movement in this sub is just as strong as the anti-racist movement . 
  this sub is just so weird . 
  i do n't know how it is in cyprus , but in here , you wo n't starve . 
  you can be homeless of course , but you will not starve . 
  and if you ca n't take care of your children , the government will take care of them . 
  still do n't see a reason to sell them . 
  i think the gov is more trustable than a random baby buyer . 
  but i thought we all had a polish inside ?
