  and triple that if we really wanted to and ditched most other things . 
  as if refugees were flooding our borders ... 
  would be nice . 
  lots of unemployment here though . 
  i thought it was the other way around ? 
  your first and second sentence put together are a massive exercise in mental gymnastics . 
  good for them i guess . 
  as far as i know ,  50 % of votes is reason enough . 
  lol, 
  my point is that there 's no way in hell val daran will vote to leave if barcelona is n't in . 
  if you ignore aerodynamics that is . 
  no , because the most pro union region is barcelona . 
  so that would be pointless and borderline suicidal . 
  yeah , nice try / u/fullmetalbitch, 
  do n't you ever dare call that alioli again, 
  i hate macarons . 
  however spain has absorbed baguettes and they are part of our everyday life . 
  i do n't think the north of catalonia is very similar to france at all . 
  can confirm had siesta today . 
  no ( not even a cop ) . 
  and no . 
  skin color is irrelevant . 
  if there was n't a cultural and economic clash it would also be pretty unimportant for refugees to come here . 
  that 's actually what plants do . 
  kind of . 
  severance pay depends on worked time . 
  you do n't need a small fortune if you fail first year . 
  i mean that the filthy rich benefit from the system . 
  not that they are only ones that can live with it a normal life . 
  fuck the 10 % right ? 
  fuck all the people that go bankrupt . 
  i mean , you got yours , so that ` ss enough for everybody . 
  bias of the catalan government ? 
  it is the government we elected . 
  it can be pro-catalan . 
  the spanish government should n't be anti-catalan because we are part of their citizens . 
  wert was n't kicked out btw . 
  he has the full support of the central government . 
  i can keep pulling articles about the stupidity of pp regarding catalan : http://www.europapress.es/nacional/noticia-pp-rechaza-catalan-sea-imprescindible-ser-juez-cataluna-20150512181949.html best part  as\u00ed , la representante del pp ha reclamado que se le deje escoger en libertad la lengua en la que se educa su hijo de cuatro a\u00f1os y ha recordado que aquellos que no pueden pagar un centro privado -- como la familia del presidente de la generalitat , artur mas -- parecen estar condenados al monoling\u00fcismo . 
  it 's amazing to see people defend the american model . 
  unless you are filthy rich , it is so fucking stupid to be proud of it . 
  that is the whole point actually . 
  maybe , we are not allowed to do what we are doing . 
  so we want out . 
  only because the soanish government does n't like it much . 
  nobody is trying to take french away from the french . 
  as far as visitors are concerned , not much , i 'd wager . 
  as of today , it is . 
  sitges is really cool :d, 
  yes . 
  most internal inmigration is in barcelona so that 's pretty set in stone . 
  independence . 
  who cares lol, 
  it 's gon na be very close according to the polls . 
  couple hundred . 
  i brought my dog to see if we could reach the thousand mark . 
  we had a small gathering in barcelona . 
  no pls, 
  based on what ? 
  the state is the embodiment of its citizens to provide services for them . 
  denying the rights of a few does n't seem very statelike . 
  the central government , silly, 
  that 's not true . 
  education minister saying that catalan children must be spaniardized : http://www.elmundo.es/elmundo/2012/10/10/espana/1349858437.html, 
  your idiot is the embodiment of the central government . 
  still ca n't see the difference ? 
  that guy is stupid but he does n't mean it . 
  there 's a world of diference . 
  and he 's not ministro de educaci\u00f3n either . 
  is it though ? 
  the underlaying technology has existed for decades , even though sometimes you only require a bright person to put 2 and 2 together ( in the case of 3d printing , for example ) . 
  i think we achieve much more mind blowing stuff . 
  like the way cpus are manufactured . 
  as far as i am concerned , that is magic . 
  it is not seamless . 
  i know many many families that do n't speak catalan due to castilian parents . 
  technically they do speak catalan due to the school system but their catalan is really not up to native level and have a terrible castilian accent . 
  we do n't feel like the government is treating us fairly in regards with education , culture , budget , and other reasons . 
  reasons are a dime a dozen , but most importantly , the whole point of a state is to serve its citizens , and we want out . 
  it works out as cheaper for everyone as well . 
  same here . 
  you will notice there are n't many spaniards here . 
  what corrupt leaders ? 
  corruption is a separate problem . 
  it will be if we stay or leave . 
  it makes no matter . 
  born there . 
  a galician will always see himself as a galician . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  it does n't take generations . 
  my mother speaks more catalan than spanish . 
  she does n't want to go back . 
  my mother is galician and i am catalan . 
  i do n't speak any galician . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  what kings ? 
  but what happens when a region strongly disagrees with the central government and there is no comunication ? 
  honestly i get really annoyed at all the uninformed comenters . 
  our skill in spanish is higher than spain 's average in standardized test . 
  i 'm fed up with it .
