  relevant username . 
  it 's true , but i ca n't tell if they are dumb or smart . 
  dumb because of the reasons you listed . 
  smart because any party in the central gov that allows referendum would bomb very hard on next elections . 
  meaning that bipartidism would turn into unipartidism , which is not cool . 
  spain has done this to themselves . 
  honestly . 
  i reckon if spain had given us the rights that navarra and euskadi have , this probably would n't be happening . 
  nobody expects anything positive from the central government , so we are n't . 
  the problem with boosting the economy by funding universities and research is that a lot of people , at least in spain , graduate and leave the country . 
  that , in the eyes of the gov , is just throwing money away . 
  yep , universities are going through tough times . 
  mine is 100m $ in debt , no kidding . 
  i got ta say that the local government owes it something like 30 % or more of that debt though . 
  mmm i reckon a better way to do it would be ending the last interval at 0.74 and round up or down so nothing is in the 0.74-0 .75 range . 
  less confusing . 
  we just do n't see the point in having a military budget that is so big . 
   the magistrates approved the de facto removal of so-called `` proceedings wages , '' a system whereby a worker was entitled to the wages he would have received during the period between his sacking and a judge ruling that the worker in question had been unfairly sacked . 
  what the fuck ? 
   the court also said that regulating workers rights with royal decrees ( executive orders ) is constitutional . 
  of course , getting your rights altered instantly just because is very fair ... 
  i swear half of bitcoin users are this stupid . 
   once you provide the paperwork , the money is released or the actual taxes payed . 
  so i need to prove that i 'm receiving a gift ? 
  iunderstoodthatreference.gif and the answer is no, 
  it 's terrible . 
  slightly less terrible but still very bad . 
  honestly we do n't give a crap, 
  yeah i went to dublin when i was 16 . 
  i reckon we might have been a little stupid . 
  haha , come to spain and you will see how easy it is to communicate with the average spaniard . 
  pensioners are n't bad . 
  drunk british tourists ... fuck that shit . 
  i 'd say darwin is picking some of them while they jump from their hotel balconies . 
  in my experience though , the most loud and disrespectful tourists i 've seen are americans and australians . 
  it 's both . 
  our expenses are probably paid off by the fact that they spend their money here , and thus are effectively taxed . 
  at least vat and some others , so that 's quite a bit . 
  it 's probably around 25 % or higher effective tax retention . 
  the problem with british people is that most have never had a serious need to learn another language . 
  sure , you might have taken spanish , french or german in hs , but that 's horseshit . 
  such a fucking hypocrite , woah . 
  actually it has a more direct relation than that . 
  housing bubble is the reason spain took such a big and lasting hit . 
  which is directly related to bribery and illegal buildings . 
  his first comment was so stupid it looked sarcasm . 
  i love your username . 
  i mean , it sucks to be in a society that has to rely on bounty-hunters for justice to be delivered , but if it changes things , so be it . 
  arguably the whole budget does n't go to corrupt purposes , unike the sum proposed by the article . 
  well i do n't mean literally starving but having a family and going homeless is certainly undesirable . 
  there 's at least some since i know some of them . 
  sadly some people have to do this or starve . 
  true that . 
  yep . 
  people here identify thenselves more with it . 
  not to speak about all the work the catalan gov has done to keep catalan alive . 
  probably both . 
  i 'm beyond words . 
  you are manipulating and twisting my coments , selectively reading some parts only and generally being stupid . 
  you also mention unrelated stuff like it 's your business . 
  for example citing a dictionary , an unrelated newspaper . 
  you are also assuming a lot about me like my tolerance about immigrants . 
  you have got to be kidding me , really . 
  that 's the dumbest thing i 've read all day . 
  context is key . 
  for immigrants of a same nationality , 5 % is packed . 
  for people for or against a referendum , i would n't call 5 % packed . 
  maybe a number that is closer to 50 % . 
  in that case , i still believe that catalonia is indeed packed with people against independence . 
  just they might not be the majority , but we 'll know . 
  imagine if i told you 5 % of citizens have commited serious crimes like murder or rape . 
  would you say that city is packed with criminals ? 
  because i sure as hell would . 
  5 % is pretty big for a single nationality . 
  especially considering that 'd be for all age groups , which immigrants do n't represent . 
  yep , we do n't have many turkish immigrants , unlike germany which is packed with them . 
  that 's a fine-ass fireball . 
  except dnd . 
  wizards man , fucking wizards . 
  but those have live music 99 % of the time !, 
  no love for druids ? 
  cmon !, 
  ca n't you guys watch twitch.tv ? 
  surveyor mk-i would have been so badass . 
  it really is diferent than a sauna . 
  i guess people living in africa get used to it , but if you are n't , you are gon na have a bad time . 
  i was in vienna last february and it was so cold my feet hurt , and i had nice boots . 
  damn cold . 
  +45 c means you ca n't go out in the sun because any mild exercise like walking will make you dizzy in 30 minutes . 
  dunno i know some english , spanish and catalan and really have no clue about your question . 
   is this rigged ? 
  what would be the point ? 
  / r/conspiracy --  that way, 
  i suspect it is , but that does n't make it right . 
  two wrongs do n't make one right . 
  it might be right for all i know , my english is far from perfect . 
  he ca n't possibly believe this . 
  surely he 's just fishing for conservative votes right ? 
  i was confused until i figured out assembly = parlament . 
  though it would be translated to another word .
