  i know some politicians . 
  regional ones , but they seem pretty cool . 
  i do n't know about norway , but spanish immigrants are the ones that keep the population growing . 
  they reproduce like bunnies . 
  not like that is a bad thing . 
  everybody do as they wish and can . 
  in a couple hours ? 
  i thought that was almost instantaneous . 
  sex, 
  will nobody think of the poor german tourists ? 
  as the saying goes ... la pela es la pela !, 
  not all the government is corrupt , thank god . 
  i still think energy should be produced by the government . 
  it 's not like it would n't be cheaper . 
  why does it seem wrong ? 
  it 's easier than saying your name and have the policeman looking through a database to see if the picture fits . 
  yeah but what about something that you carry around at all times ? 
  what if you are n't driving ? 
  passports are big , a hassle to carry . 
  how do you prove your age at stores/bars or other places ? 
  how do you identify yourself if the police pulls you out ? 
  you are not . 
  i do n't see it any worse than using a driver 's license . 
  i do n't need a dl . 
  murican ? 
  seems so fucking pointless . 
  yup . 
  he only went down from 200kph to 190kph . 
  wonder if he even braked at all . 
  it 's still unacceptable . 
  sure the system is n't very secure , but you are working in a route that you have done 60 times , and not paying attention ( btw , according to the wiki , you have to press a button to acknowledge every speed sign , otherwise the train shuts down ) . 
  imagine if an air controller got distracted for a full minute . 
  the driver was doing 190kmh in a 80kmh zone . 
  he also had some older posts on facebook about speeding and stuff . 
  he had also done that same line at least ~ ~ 20 ~ ~ 60 times . 
  i too , can make up ghurtx . 
  ca n't be hotter than barcelona right now . 
  which sadly are n't available here :p, 
  not in that part of the track . 
  spain is just outdated like that . 
  actually i do n't give a crap about soccer . 
  is n't butter salted here too ? 
  it was banned but it was still a symbol of the resistance . 
  classic spanish people and soccer , 
  it is n't in spanish or catalan , though it can be a semivowel . 
  i am in no way thankful of this . 
  must have spent a lot of hours debugging pascal . 
  that irish flair . 
  being german does n't make you responsible for your government sorry . 
  i agree with / u/britzer . 
  it 's despicable . 
  tribunal constitucional is such a joke . 
  butt on twitter . 
  i thought that was obvious ? 
  what subject ? 
  well spanish of course . 
  we actually spend countless hours on that . 
  and in catalunya we also learn catalan . 
  and english all across spain too . 
  and you can take french as an elective . 
  yeah this is crazy i know . 
  oh i thought he was talking about an actual queue ... 
  mediana 33cl . 
  do n't know why . 
  quinto is 20cl or 1/5 ( a fifth = un quinto ) . 
  20cl 33cl or bust . 
  and we can upload it to youtube after that . 
  but it 's not the whole point of the church . 
  you disband a violent group if violence or any other crime is part of their reason to exist . 
  you do n't ban groups that have corrupts or criminals in them . 
  for some reason i had read it as if you meant that you did it 3 times a year . 
  if our president quits i 'll suck my foot , honestly . 
  russia will be russia . 
  queue, 
  what the fuck how can you drink 20 liters of beer ? 
  i would die at the 4th or so . 
  unless it does n't have much alcohol . 
  til spanish teenagers are filthy liars . 
  yup , figured those would be sold somewhere !, 
  that 's possible . 
  but not certain . 
  however , it is certain the only goal of mercedes is making money . 
  i 'll take some chance rather than no-chance any day of the week . 
  are you trying to imply that they deserve it ? 
  because i 'm fairly sure your average joe had no saying on the taxes and such . 
  so no . 
  i would rather trust the people that has our interests in mind that the ones that have profit as the only objective . 
  but hey that 's just like my opinion man . 
  i say send our education minister with her . 
  you 'll take my [ voll-damm ( 7.6 % ) ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/voll-damm_doble_malta ) from my cold , dead hands . 
  seriously though , is there any real beer lower than 2.8 % alv ? 
  well if i had to be represented by my ministers ... 
  i am fucked . 
  corrupted , unrealistic people that have lived all their lives in a situation not at all similar to the one of the average citizen . 
  how are they going to lead a country if they do n't know how much a coffee is worth ... 
  where are we supposed to emigrate now ? 
  this . 
  i have always wondered what would happen if the most far right party in spain gets enough votes to get a congressman in the congress . 
  i think people would open their eyes a bit . 
  you should put up a flair , i was a bit confused at first .
