  ethnically means jack . 
  especially in that context . 
  you are speaking about cultural diversity . 
  lol yes , america is more diverse than the eu . 
  well , the us did n't even sign kioto , did they ? 
  well , nudity is n't allowed in most cities . 
  i 'm sure if you visit german you 'd expect people trying to speak english with you . 
  not laughing at your face in german . 
  that 's not nice . 
  since you know spanish , you should n't be a jerk to foreigners : /, 
  the cold war put the man on the moon . 
  science be damned . 
  we are n't bitter about speaking spanish . 
  but that 's not genetical , that 's socioeconomical . 
  one color would n't provide good readability . 
  and i guess halfway on the range of the legend is a good cut off ? 
  just face it . 
  us is in the lower half and eu in the higher half . 
  the biggest killers are heart disease and cancer . 
  i have n't ever heard of black people having it worse with either , genetically . 
  well , those systems are n't trivial to build and mantain . 
  if they are not in place , it 's highly likely that it 's just cheaper to use more energy, 
  taking into account thermodynamical transformation loss , then friction , then transportation , also electrical generation . 
  i very highly doubt we can achieve 90 % overall efficiency . 
  clearly the person writing this does n't know jack about energy generation . 
  90 % efficiency ? 
  yes , seriously . 
  it was done just in case . 
  post op hurt like a bitch but the alternative was a risk i could n't take , even if it were 1 %, 
  it 's sarcasm . 
  anyways he ca n't always be wrong !, 
  it was working properly and i had used it successfully a couple of times . 
  it was just in case . 
  and i like it better now !, 
  basically eu decided a new way to clculate taxes . 
  all members agreed a d now it 's coming into effect.we had been paying based on the old amounts , so now we pay or receive the amount due . 
  it 's not bullshit . 
  your inability to read and understand titles is . 
  that 's qualitative not quantitative . 
  not in europe no . 
  what resource are we running low on ? 
  ok , maybe fossil fuels . 
  i disagree about circumcision . 
  i had it for medical reasons at 17 , so i have actually had both versions of my fun stick and this one is definitely better . 
  you do n't need to justify yourself dude !, 
  also stop shilling , your pockets ca n't take it anymore . 
  ph yes of course , otherwise you 'd be punishing financial success . 
  that 's implied with that line of thought . 
  either idiot or bad person , really . 
  so either you are from a rich family or you are an hypocrite . 
  haha that 's hilarious . 
  hilariously injust for poor people . 
  this is not hiw you achieve social equality . 
  how does that help cyprus , why are you glad and why do you disagree with the adjustment ? 
  are you talking high school or earlier ? 
  they knew they had to pay this amount . 
  maybe not exactly to the last penny , but this was agreed 4 years ago . 
  they are playing dumb . 
  and even worse , some people like you are buying it . 
  ah the meaning of the word trolling has truly been lost . 
  but you do n't know what happened to it before . 
  my penis is sad anout your assumptions . 
  oh i kinda did . 
  i ummm , used it . 
  engineering and technology are very much the same . 
  technology is developed by engineers . 
  it 's not strange . 
  it 's the exact same all over spain . 
  people leqrn basic stuff about energy generation , programing , electronics , etc. 
  we have a subject called technology that is pretty much engineering . 
  why are you surprised ? 
  physics yes . 
  and natural sciences , were biology grads usually . 
  mathemathics teacher were mathematicians , etc. 
  you have to pass an exam and prepare a class for a tribunal . 
  teaching degrees are only required for middle school and preschool . 
  knowing the material is maybe 10 % of the usefulness of schooling , especially ages 5-12 . 
  children are whoever acts in their best interest . 
  at least in spain they have degrees related to the subject . 
  all of mine have been physicists or engineers . 
  dude , up until 12 years old ( high school in spain ) , teachers have no special knowledge in any field . 
  they are people that studied to be teachers ( a degree that they basically give away without any effort required ) , with the obvious terrible results that come with it sometimes . 
  i know my fair share of incompetent middle school teachers . 
  i had both since i had mine removed at 17 for medical reasons . 
  this is sooooooooooo much better . 
  it hurt like a bitch for a month though . 
  construction ? 
  3d printing ? 
  what ? 
  dumb reasons . 
  but anyways , just like gibraltar , there 's a whole lot lf people that enjoy being spanish and living in melilla and ceuta so you ca n't just kick them and give the land to morocco or whatever . 
  then you get to uni and it 's way worse . 
  yo and me , man . 
  it was only 0.5 points about phonetics but catal\u00e0 was still my lowest grade . 
  dude but phonetics was in the sele . 
  damn i 'm getting flashbacks , and that was 5 years ago . 
  there is this left handed guy that smokes a lot of cigarettes and has a beard . 
  your keyboard does n't have an h either ? 
  there are other mistakes like pistoles , and the syntax is all over the place . 
  0/10 learn how to spell properly in spanish .
