  most learn the language but still will live in their small communities . 
  mostly the chinese . 
   we already have enough andalusians , thank you very much . 
  what is the meaning of this ? 
  for some reason , ca n't read `` freight train '' without thinking of breaking bad . 
  that 's what the press has done to you . 
  meh , i think we 're fine . 
  problem is people that wo n't blend with us . 
  but that 's not true of everyone of course . 
  so the actual numbers are a bit higher . 
  of course there the line is blurry . 
  i am for some reason under the impression that right wing extremists do n't vote in spain . 
  same goes for left wing extremists . 
  a large part of the population does n't give a rat 's ass about elections or voting . 
  a shame , really . 
   i wonder whether that 's because most of spain 's non eu foreigners are from the colonies and so their shared language and certain cultural aspects makes integrating into the spanish community really easy . 
  actually i might share more with you , culturally speaking , than with any south american guy . 
  and the adults are fine folk , but in schools they make groups and it 's quite problematic . 
  take it easy , it 's no big deal . 
  you can hire a freelance to do that for you for 5.000 $ tops . 
  i guess we are better prepared . 
  some buildings at least . 
  my room is a furnace . 
  i do not understand your comment at all . 
  they can try . 
  shitstorm would be epic . 
  although i guess they could fish some votes that way . 
  you see , being against separatism earns votes in spain . 
  edit : i would like to see the downvoters say something to support their claims . 
  as someone that learned 3 languages in school , it 's pretty great . 
  and our knowledge of the other 2 languages does n't seem to be suffering from it . 
  how the fuck do you spend 400.000 $ on a website . 
  i 'm guessing they either hired a friend , or some web designing studio is laughing their asses of right now . 
  stopping piracy in russia , hah . 
  it 's bad , but at least they are openly incompetent . 
  i guess people will vote them again in 8 years or so . 
  government is just cyclic here for some reason . 
  100 % sure no tanks will start up , do n't worry . 
  best thing was government telling ciu not to participate in the human chain because `` chains are bad '' and `` this day should representate every point of view '' . 
  too bad every party represents their own pov and not all of them . 
  bro do you even spain ? 
  joke is on you ghent is beautiful . 
  i guess it 's both and both are stupid . 
  well our winter is not so bad , but if you really want to have non-winter , consider visiting canarias islands . 
  because you seemed to be disagreeing i guess . 
  but i gave you my upvote , all is well , son . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  ave is pretty expensive , it is more convenient than flying but the low time alternative already existed . 
  i do n't think it made people travel more . 
  and even if it did , it 's to their benefit , that the state offers us things to improve our quality of life , which is its main goal . 
  nobody commutes with more than one person in the car . 
  traveling , maybe . 
  but almost never 5 ( or 7 ) passengers per car . 
  i do n't really see any point on it , to be fair . 
  if a train full with passengers is n't less polluting than a car , i 'll eat my damn shoe . 
  in my opinion , the arguments in this article are mostly bullshit , except the toledo cuenca line , which of course must have been planned by an idiot . 
  also the people that wrote this do n't know much about physics . 
  the power required to move a mass depends on the third power of speed , actually . 
  also a train offers a much lower surface compared to total volume and load , which is pretty great . 
  and i 'm gon na go out a limb and say that it 's much better aerodynamically than a car . 
  this sounds pretty similar to ludism to me . 
  lol, 
  we are not tight with money . 
  if you ca n't tell a gipsy by the looks , you are going to lose a wallet . 
  at least in my city . 
  the `` battle '' involved the massacre of thousands of atahualpa 's unarmed entourage of nobles and attendants , in the great plaza of cajamarca . 
  such a fucking hero, 
  what if they did n't ? 
  we 've got some other people to take revenge on first . 
  how do you get from that conclusion from my comment ? 
  \\ # 3 was a joke . 
  ca n't argue with the rest . 
  a war has winners and losers . 
  sometimes only losers . 
  racism is not a good thing . 
  and columbus killed bazillions of people and enslaved as many of them as he could . 
  dude was a scumbag . 
  not in some sweet venganza . 
  good for us , bad for them . 
  bad 3 . 
  bad . 
  bad, 
  we could use / r/vivaspa \u00f1a, 
  and the 5th r. religion . 
  i am definitely not in . 
  i do n't care at all . 
  it 's not arrogant . 
  i mean that he might have been born in macau for all i care . 
  but he got our ships and shit , so it 's kind of our fault . 
  ok , you can keep that piece of shit then . 
  but we enabled him . 
  we are united for good and for bad . 
  wether i like it or not . 
  but catalunya has its fair share of shameful moments too . 
  good ol' columbus . 
  i do n't think we will have a military comparable with the us one . 
  neither do i want it . 
  lies upon lies !, 
  oh yeah i 'm so used to see people mispelling queue from playing lol . 
  queue * and they do , even though other things can overcome that advantage .
