  sir you are commiting a thought crime . 
  your post is doublon . 
  hon hon hon, 
  * omelette du fromage * it got fucked in the arse by clauzel, 
  i 'm sure lots of people signed up to see what the website was actually about . 
  people that signed up while being single . 
  people in open relationships . 
  etc etc etc. 
  it does . 
  i use it for lots of stuff . 
  i study engineering but sometimes i need a quick refresh for something . 
  what the hell was a stirling engine and the basic functioning principle . 
  you do n't need a thermodynamics book for that . 
  which you have already studied anyways . 
  it 's visual clutter . 
  imagine all threads being twice as long because we all do that . 
  that would be ridiculous . 
  needs french translation before the english title eh ? 
  it 's just clutter to be honest . 
  second or first makes little matter . 
  actually you might be at the peak alcohol blood content after one hour . 
  hon hon hon ha ha ha, 
  and his dual language crap is super annoying . 
  we are n't all in that crap sub . 
  august is slow weeks month . 
  long live mmorpgs, 
  this is exactly a classic market . 
  new technology was deployed , so supply grows . 
  hence lower price . 
  probably someone saw him entering the tunnel . 
  last flight i took i did n't even show my id . 
  we were a ruin before it was cool !, 
  these people are n't trying to force anyone to speak catalan . 
  they are just protesting . 
  water is wet . 
  poor people leave school . 
  beats getting shot in school eh ? 
  i thought the normal thing was to not do or say anything because it is their balcony and does n't affect me at all ? 
  enough to buy 2l of vodka , 
  if you do n't understand their protest i have nothing else to ask of you than just let us leave , please . 
  engineering is challenging . 
  some people like challenge . 
  some of us find a lack of challenge boring . 
  i did n't say or imply that . 
  that was exactly my point . 
  nice username . 
  so did the spanish citizens . 
  for all the good it did us . 
  gib portugal back , 
  well there is that time when this general invaded all of spain ... 
  because stupid . 
  if you grow up somewhere , there 's no excuse to not learning the language other than stupid nationalistic pride . 
  french in a nutshell . 
  tax hell ? 
  why ? 
  except for freelance workers i do n't know about anything outrageous . 
  being late to work . 
  not looking forward to move a bit refrigerator this afternoon . 
  have n't had coffee yet . 
  my metro station is under maintenance and i had to walk 10 minutes . 
  tell that to carrero blanco :d, 
  in the commonly accepted use of country , you need independent exercise of legal jurisdiction . 
  catalunya is not a country . 
  you misread the question , dear v\u00edctor . 
  for americans : it 's like mexico but in europe . 
  apples to oranges . 
  germany was partly responsible for the situation in poland . 
  when other people form comunities and societies , it is only fair that you should play by the rules if you want to join them . 
  i think we should take immigrants , but there 's a limit after which the social safety net starts deteriorating . 
  hey now . 
  pxc is not much worse than the pp . 
  maybe `` netegem badalona '' rings a bell ? 
  anyways they did n't really succeed , even though it is worrisome that they got votes at all . 
  ciu does n't stand far away from the pp in the political spectrum , corruption and all . 
  but they are much less oppressive . 
  some examples : education , abortion , gay rights , ley mordaza . 
  i did n't vote for them but i 'd rather have mas than rajoy any day . 
  that 's ridiculously untrue . 
  it 's irrelevant where people are born . 
  i 'm half galician . 
  but it is relevant that we did n't vote for this guy to be our ministro , 
  first of all that is your opinion , not the absolute truth . 
  second of all , lo cort\u00e9s no quita lo valiente . 
  what kind of question is that ? 
  if the burger was crispy , why did n't it rain yesterday ? 
  it 's pretty bad but it is that much better , yes . 
  it 's a country wide law . 
  the goddamn spaniards . 
  i want out . 
  we like to pretend it does n't exist . 
  adding lyrics would just mean i 'd have some fake ones to sing in protest . 
  you said transici\u00f3n , that 's my trigger . 
  my great grandparent is probably in a fosa com\u00fan somewhere because of that flag . 
  no thanks . 
  does that include spanish sovereign waters or only gibraltar ? 
  salazar slytherin or something ? 
  there is only one city where seat takes interns afaik . 
  they skip the rules by adding a mandatory transportation and lunch charge deducted from your salary , in order to pay less than the minimum ( 6 $ / h ), 
  fancy !, 
  just banking in that retirement at 70yo .
