  this is fucked up . 
  i see you do n't know much about catalan politics . 
  it is also very amusing that you justify the fueros because of historical reasons . 
  also it is as much the spanish ' people to decide as it was back in 1898 when cuba seceded . 
  the funny thing is that , our opinions are based on brainwashing and theirs are based on logic and common sense . 
  that either assumes we are stupider than them or our education system is more corrupted than theirs . 
  both are very offensive to me . 
  still no examples or sources . 
   this nationalistic sentiment is mainly based on sentimentalism and romanticism , it can not pass a serious exam . 
  the time for the forming of nations , at least in the western world , passed a century ago . 
  it 's too late . 
  top joke mate . 
  ps : http://www.laregion.es/media/laregion/images/2011/10/11/2014021100372594550.jpg oh my god the brainwashing, 
  also , spanish institutions are rotten . 
  they have taken or tried to take away our culture . 
  they have been giving us an unfair share of central government expenditure . 
  we have been hearing mayors from the centralgovernment party say very hateful anticatalanist things , but nothing happens to them . 
  we have very incompetent people like our health minister . 
  and it is going backwards . 
  avortion law , etc. 
  exponential growth is a bitch . 
  well the last one is true . 
  but more like `` why bring them if we are too stupid to behave safely '', 
  who else is responsible ? 
  there are the standard mesures for such a type of track . 
  either the whole system was a danger or not , but the accident does n't relate to high speed trains at all . 
  tell me something positive that the spanish government is good at . 
  people from euskadi too . 
  i think he was more going to removing tax breaks , ensuring separation , encouraging atheism etc. 
  what !?? 
  you get over 30 % tax on minimum wage ? 
  holy fuck . 
  guys this is / r/europe, 
  that 's not true , at least not when i visited 3 years ago . 
  shitty beer is 0.20 per can, 
  but germans also have local brewed beers . 
  my whole point is that the supermarket beer is superior in here . 
  at least there , i love weiss . 
  then you are getting ripped off . 
  a local brewery ca n't have the same margins as a macro brewery . 
  on the other hand , us is fucking massive so i guess the transportation costs for something so cheap in a $ / kg scale could really add up . 
  the most consumed beer in catalunya goes for around 55 cents a can . 
  that 's not the price here . 
  franciskaners go for 0,40 $ in germany . 
  and it 's a damn good beer if you ask me . 
  how much is one of those ? 
  we also have those . 
  but our supermanet beer kicks your supermarket beer in the ass . 
  actually i had an interview with ferrovial for an internship not a month ago haha, 
  the it field is a relatively green thing in spain . 
  but there 's literally thousands of engineers churned out of university every year . 
  me myself will be one in year and a half !, 
  well , that 's not counting books , transportation , food and housing , et, 
  i did n't say that . 
  i said that we have a higher chance . 
  but this generation has more uneducated people than previous ones , so youth unemployment is higher than it should be . 
  if this were n't the case , youth unemployment and general unemployment would be closer . 
  what do you mean ? 
  that we have higher education rates than the average of europe ? 
  that people with higher education have lower employment rates ? 
  that 's not my point , that is obvious . 
  my point is that the stats are partly skewed because inmigrants are less likely to pursue hugher education and we lost a whole generation that started being construction workers at 18 , but when the bubble exploded they went jobless . 
  amazong shitstorm created on spanish social media . 
  very amusing . 
  there 's a shitload of people that did n't even finish mandatory schooling or at the very least have nothing further than that . 
  in my old highschool , the rate of people going beyond mandatory was in the order of 20 % . 
  people like me who actually know some useful shit , have decent english and some certificates and skills on the side do n't have it that bad to find a job . 
  not true . 
  check the statistics . 
  it is pretty much the same as xenophobia laws . 
  for example , denying someone service because they are lgbt is now a crime . 
  before this , it was n't . 
  read the law please . 
  why awkward ? 
  still , that 's not what i understand for a national day . 
  explain like i 'm american . 
  elia, 
  if you read the law , that 's based on a certain income and it is up to one year and a day . 
  but that 's for big infringements . 
  that 's dumb tho , andorra is cheaper !, 
  it 's just that you made a random holiday up . 
  i 'm not offended but rather amazed . 
  hello !, 
  nope . 
  bonna = buena , but soira ? 
  i know what it means but it does n't make any sense in spanish . 
  of course they did , those are languages too . 
  quinto , bitch . 
  same here , and our language is n't a global one so ... on the other hand i expect the number for catalonia to be more than 2 because a lot of people already speak spanish and catalan . 
  and then mandatory english ... 
  did you read the law ? 
  then what are you talking about . 
  third hand information . 
  and wrong one at that ... 
  oh sorry , it was the first link i found since it was posted in / r/barcelona . 
  i 'd edit my posts but i 'm too lazy to find the document again . 
  half of it is legal bullshit . 
  the law itself is at most 10 pages long . 
  because this is the law project . 
  prisons actually work .
