  amazon is your friend . 
  actually just gift it to me . 
  i 'll make good use of it . 
  imagine how cool it would be to start a new life in madagascar . 
  can confirm there are no gypsies in my engineering class . 
  they are not . 
  from what i know , at least in here , most are second generation or more . 
  yeah that name sounded catalan . 
  i do n't understand this guy 's logic , roma should integrate in the country they are , not go back to their original country . 
  if there is one . 
  somehow i managed to get a sunny week in bilbo some years ago . 
  yes i have . 
  the nicest were germans and turkish people . 
  french were a bit shy and italians were plain rude . 
  of course we spaniards were the party . 
  if it ai n't broken , do n't fix it . 
  \\  implying someone takes siestas also what a shitty picture , honestly . 
  nope . 
  because people are smart enough to know that all the parties in the opposition would do 100 % the same . 
  you are delusional if you think otherwise . 
  moritz is horrible . 
  it 's too sweet . 
  if users went to jail , half of our politicians and cops would be there , i 'm sure . 
  well , except the law system is corrupt but they should be there , anyways . 
  you 'd be surprised ... 
  yeah i 'm sure it wo n't be enforced against small time pirates . 
  maybe the guys hosting the content . 
  but did she ? 
  or you were waiting for the divorce ? 
  i keep hearing romanians say this on reddit , yet i never heard a single prejudice against them in my country . 
  turkish people are very nice , i love them . 
  yeah i was just kidding , i 'd do it . 
  or their treatment regarding our social agreements and general behavior ? 
  yeah it has happened in spain . 
  and get stabbed ? 
  flanders ( from the simpsons ) style . 
  i do n't see how the premises `` low unemployment '' and `` a british lobby says so '' translate into the conclusion . 
  i do n't see it as such a big problem . 
  provided the right tools , most of this people will blend in 1-2 generations . 
  public transportation as well . 
  honestly i do n't know much about turkey and why it should or should n't be . 
  someone enlighten me ? 
  nothing new under the sun . 
  more like minorfucker amirite . 
  there are one-country only interrail tickets , maybe op could use one of those . 
  have to be purchased from another country though , so germany will be fine . 
  and there are versions for less days/selected days . 
  honestly here we do a lot of all of those . 
  man , you can get a franciskaner for 50 cents in a german supermarket . 
  and that 's 500 ml of deliciousness . 
  it 's a bit of a social event . 
  the `` sobremesa '' or take a relaxing cup of caf\u00e9 con leche with the madrile\u00f1os . 
  i ca n't explain it better than mrs. botella . 
  evil . 
  would be cool if the gif ended in the spanish flag . 
  meh , i 'm actually more into weiss . 
  all the streets have a side that is required to use 1c and 2c coins and the other side does n't . 
  pretty obvious if you ask me . 
  nothing new . 
  but maybe we could negotiate something ? 
  why so butthurt ? 
  just state in your post that you have knowledge of what you are speaking of . 
  or demonstrate it with fact . 
  you have got to be kidding me . 
  lleida is as catalan as it gets . 
  whoever owned it 1000 years ago is irrelevant . 
  oh yeah the infamous tanks . 
  spanish and catalan are more like 50 % , especially in the province of barcelona . 
  you should actually do some research about catalan separatism . 
  it 's not just some corrupt politicians . 
  it 's a whole nation that wants its rights . 
  generalitat wo n't do it , we already tried this and other things in the past . 
  i agree but people care little about the government , trust me on this one . 
  the chances of us becoming a sovereign nation are slim , i agree . 
  but the chances of a bloody civil war are nil . 
  some violent actions may happen but this is not syria and it will never be . 
  no , for a textbook example of populism , some sout and central american governments will help you understand the true meaning of populism . 
  how does norway produce its energy ? 
  most countries have an important share on coal , gas and petroleum . 
  he-who-must-be-not-named ? 
  some that might not be known outside : estopa little known funky disco band from barcelona : fundaci\u00f3n tony manero . 
  dem fighting words !, 
  :( come visit !, 
  i was only half serious . 
  spain is awesome . 
  nice people , very nice beaches/islands/mountains . 
  it has a bit of everything . 
  spain , spain . 
  that 's what i thought . 
  some money might be lost at first as initial investment for a lot of things we would have to start , but 15 % of our gdp is a lot . 
  we do n't buy that much food from spain . 
  a lot of it is made here or exported . 
  we have a big food industry . 
  and why would it be more expensive anyways ? 
  hum i did n't know . 
  why did that happen ? 
  that wo n't happen . 
  we already tried and it did n't end well . 
  catalunya does n't have the privileges euskadi has so i do n't think it would be the same as other cases . 
  did you read what i said ?
