  of course they are capable and of course there 's no discrimination . 
  but they still glaringly do n't . 
  1 out of 60 is less than 2 % . 
  you do have a point . 
  even in western societies , where women have the same legal rights , and there are affirmative action laws , you see stuff like 1 woman out of 60 students in an engineering class . 
  law can be quick but culture is a slow moving boulder . 
  and food and housing ? 
  being part of a su does n't look good on a cv . 
  you could be doing something more productive . 
  if they were silly they would n't be commercially successful . 
  farmers are n't idiots . 
  but it still costs money . 
  and you could be having an internship and getting paid in your country instead . 
  i ca n't afford it . 
  and i 'm making money instead of spending it . 
  and i am getting many more ects credits than would be possible abroad . 
  he is speaking about javascript . 
  that 's clearly satire . 
  even if bad . 
  i do n't know in the uk , but at my uni , people in the union are the 25 year olds that are still in the second year of their bachelors . 
  i did that for a while . 
  but when they meet i 'm at work . 
  plus it makes me angry to sit and listen to a buttload of crap . 
  then he buried fossilized dinosaurs on the ground . 
  and oil . 
  they are quite violent . 
  that 's what makes me angry . 
  student unions are stupid like that . 
  i would like to punch the face of every single person of my university that is part of it . 
  sadly that would get me into trouble . 
  ah i forgot english rained down from the sky . 
  esperanto mostly so . 
  ridiculous . 
  to me going on erasmus is not a good option . 
  so why should someone force me to ? 
  yes and that 's good . 
  maybe we would n't have ruined their ancient cultures . 
  exactly . 
  well what a waste of money then . 
  good . 
  now feed me downvotes or i 'll fetch for another master . 
  thanks , i try my best . 
  i will go ahead and say that i did n't actually read the constitution . 
  burn, 
  government spending ? 
  maybe ? 
  how do you measure that ? 
  poor people are miserable , especially without healthcare or affordable education . 
  but rich people can be happier somewhere else even while making less money . 
  being violent does n't mean they are wrong . 
  and in the body bags . 
  and the ambulances . 
  would be pretty fun actually . 
  why is ttip so bad ? 
  1.2 personal attacks that do not add any substance to a conversation will be de-listed [ removed ] . 
  if this continues a ban may be placed . 
  eh it 's more than zero . 
  we should print ours in catalan , see if they finally read it . 
  yep we are the best country in the world . 
  a paragon of democracy . 
  i think 90 % would be more appropiate . 
  that 's too respectful . 
  why not `` retard\u00e9ndum '' ? 
  yeah he spent a lot of money on this useless crap . 
  they tried to negotiate for a reform and estatuto . 
  which is unconstitutional and should n't be allowed . 
  thus say i , by the grace of god . 
  yep , pp has been years trying to negotiate with then how to reform the constitution but you only hear from them : i-inda-indapandansia, 
  yep , pp has been years trying to negotiate with then how to reform the constitution but you only hear from them : i-inda-indapandansia, 
  you calling me a shit , perroflauta ? 
  watch your tongue , kid . 
  it is not your flag , but go ahead , i do n't care . 
  it 's my flag by mandate of the central government . 
  it 's even in my id , lest i forget i 'm part of glorious espa\u00f1a . 
  it is my flag . 
  says in the holy constituci\u00f3n . 
  i made the number up . 
  i won . 
  pp and cs got 52 % of the votes . 
  one extra large of rajoy please . 
  i do n't go to that shit website . 
  full of catalan propaganda . 
  you agree with referendums now ? 
  you failed me . 
  i need strong willed young men to uphold the law !, 
  it is shitty to not take them . 
  but it is just as shitty to force people into taking them . 
  i am sorry but if the hosts are unwilling , nothing good will come of it anyways . 
  voting is bad mkay ? 
  hey at least we are consistent with voting = bad . 
  except when we vote pp to forbid votes , i guess ? 
  then again catalan secesionism is dumb and divides society . 
  i too hate voting . 
  well trolling would be making a new username . 
  this is . . 
  i do n't know . 
  an enlightment of the people . 
  nah i 'm just messing around . 
  but now seriously , i do n't think there should be anything different than 50 % for the sole reason that the two sides are worth the same . 
  and the tricky question of who decides the % s.
