  i do n't know how they do it . 
  it probably involves magnets . 
  yeah fresh produce is cheaper than fast food . 
  frying them . 
  i never done it but i 've eaten them . 
  so damn good . 
  i do n't think spanish people drink significantly less than some other europeans . 
  fuck it , indeed . 
  i heard french technological universities are great . 
  poorer people eat better ? 
  i wish we did though . 
  french fries in butter are the best . 
  very respectable argument . 
  i 'll think about it next elections . 
  not to mention that one of the alternatives used to widespread nuclear production is russian gas . 
  we are supporting putin because of stupid antinuclear propaganda . 
  honestly , i 'm always a bit at a loss when trying to figure out who to vote . 
  if you are pro independence and leftist , there 's not much to vote . 
  cup are too extremist for me , and i disagree with els verds in a lot of things so ... 
  who in their right mind can believe even half of those promises ... 
  but we still get to have an actual pp of catalunya . 
  double fun !, 
  eh , i wonder what would happen if we had a falangist holding a seat . 
  holy fucking shit that 's disgusting . 
  honestly the actual limit is lower because all the energy on earth would n't get you that much speed , 
  that was the most stupid thing the government did that year . 
  probably marbella or somewhere nearby . 
  well euskadi is the best part of spain , after catalunya , of course . 
  damn tourists walking in the bike lane at passeig maritim . 
  urge to kill rising ... 
  andorra pls . 
  ooooooh dem fighting words son, 
  ya ver\u00e1s que numeritos te salen . 
  spoiler : no van a ser bonitos . 
  nah , honestly i do n't care about the tree at all . 
  being close to russia means political unrest and insecurity . 
  that does n't make people happy . 
  but it does n't mean you are happier if you are n't close to russia . 
  basic logic ? 
  come on . 
  greece , iraq ? 
  if you still think iraq war was about oil , you have been brainwashed . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  apparently , according to the gov , reducing the active population = creating jobs . 
  awesome how this is n't even spinning statistics , it 's a whole new level of deception . 
  that 's not true . 
  that 's just excusing from reality . 
  submerged economy is n't any bigger than back in 2008 . 
  in fact it is way smaller since construction went down , which was the biggest source for it . 
   `` all greeks are corrupt '' it 's so funny hearing this from a fellow compatriota . 
  that 's true . 
  at least you can see my bias right away when speaking about spain , 
  i do n't know about that man . 
  people that think this are usually angsty teenagers that think : `` oh , but who would vote this party , surely there was cheating involve '' . 
  i do n't know about spain , but the party that won last elections in catalunya surely has a lot of supporters . 
  i do n't think burning a spanish flag is on the same level of disrespect as what happened here . 
  but i do n't advocate for either . 
  honestly , it 's hard to believe some kids without a political agenda did this . 
  it 's possible but not likely . 
  it 's not racist . 
  it 's plain true . 
  being close to russia puts you in danger of becoming the next ukraine . 
  which would put a stop on your happiness i suppose . 
  yeah what the hell savannajeff ? 
  oh same here . 
  they closed uni for 2 days . 
  would n't let any students in . 
  well but i guess 2000 $ gets you a decent lifestyle in cr . 
  i do n't know about other countries . 
  but my professors ( spain ) publish in english . 
  hey , in catalonia we do n't have as many public universities . 
  in fact , pretty much the only problem would be ub and uab being pretty similar , but i think the population numbers grant having two big universities . 
  and then there 's upc , pretty much the only university to study technical stuff . 
  and yet we are n't making the charts , so i do n't think it is fund dilution . 
  but yeah , funding is terrible . 
  if you saw our labs ... 
  it 's sad , even . 
  our thermo lab has pentium iv computers . 
  what 's going on with student protests ? 
  i 'm out of the loop here . 
   a nobel prize winning lecturer does n't equal a brilliant teacher , or a good teaching system . 
  i really want to stress this . 
  one of the best professors i 've had has a second job teaching in high school . 
  he is very humble and he 's probably not brilliant , but damn did n't i learn a lot . 
  ours are almost free compared to a lot of countries and will never make that list . 
  even though i wonder what is the criteria for making this list , as i 'm dubious someone attended my small uni ( 2k students more or less ) . 
  i 'm sure if they did , it would n't make the list anyways , but i 'm curious . 
  well it 's pretty shitty to go to a shop that does n't accept legal tender so i understand why the gov would force it on them . 
  classic american thoughts . 
  do n't want to start a flame war or anything . 
  but saying that food from london is good is like saying that the us is a very diverse country . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with this but it 's a classic on reddit . 
  well the us does n't want russia gaining more power . 
  so that 's one for starters . 
  they would have helped if they could . 
  but they could n't because russia , uk and the rest . 
  they have some credit . 
  every little battle helped , because germany could n't hold all fronts . 
  ah the ol' `` this is good for bitcoin !, 
  because sometimes people have no choice but go to a religious school or they feel it is the best option even thought they are n't religious .
