  well it 's the point of this sub . 
  shoulda checked post history . 
  do n't get me wrong i actually agree with this . 
  our governments are chickening out . 
  scandinavia is * okay *, 
  or to start punching . 
  either works . 
  you are probably kidding but you are onto something . 
  ah , the world famous `` bofetada '', 
  better prepare to welcome your new russian overlords then . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know about this . 
  it kind of makes sense from a political point of view . 
  if a spanish politician were to say it would be increasing the defense budget significantly , it would start massive protests and big sways of vote intention . 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  * for certain definitions of best *, 
  i would n't know , i do n't watch tv . 
  but i gather losing apm would n't be so big in the grand scheme of things . 
  well this is n't the reason . 
  you do n't need to take care of the waste . 
  you bury it deep . 
  http://www.cne.es/cne/doc/publicaciones/cne82_08.pdf and there 's this pdf from the gov ( in spanish , obviously ) that states the price for diferent energy sources , counting insurance and decomissioning . 
  however , more people die from other energy sources . 
  in fact it is orders of magnitude higher . 
  and let 's not speak about the environmental costs . 
  no , i do n't care either way . 
  i just have a strong aversion for skewed statistical studies because they hurt the truth a lot . 
  especially politicians love to play with numbers like that . 
  what do you do to prepare for next winter though . 
  also i highly doubt that 1/5th can get you through winter , considering that winter is the month where more gas is consumed . 
  also winter is 1/4th of a year . 
  something something tax evasion something something they speak english something, 
  hahahahaha, 
  it 's not still valid . 
  it 's a clear attempt to skew the numbers for their own agenda . 
  fuck this shit , honestly . 
  several weeks is not a long term safety net . 
  i am afraid that ship has sailed , sadly . 
  pretty much . 
  i mean it has issues , but it 's better than most alternatives , so there 's that . 
  except nuclear is n't expensive . 
  technology has existed for half a century . 
  and i 'm not sure what you mean by maintenance . 
  according to the spanish gov , nuclear is one of the least expensive , even taking into account the massive insurance and decomissioning . 
  only cheapest was hydroelectric ( no wonder , duh ) . 
  i like the environment but i think we can safely say that people that label themselves `` environmentalists '' or `` green '' know very little about energy generation and polution . 
  i 'm afraid the russians are prepared for that kind of eventuality . 
  they already took ukranian aaa , i think . 
  and night ops helicopters are n't inmune to radar . 
  also that would pretty much start a war . 
  who do you think would do this ? 
  nato ? 
  i do n't think any of those wants to join a conflict with russia . 
  as drastic as invading a sovereign nation ? 
  and how would you deploy such forces ? 
  magic ? 
  well you ca n't think both are lying . 
  one statement is true . 
  which one , i do not know , but one of them is at least halfway true . 
  so russia can invade more stuff ? 
  so would we . 
  it 's not that the eu does n't have the power to do it . 
  it 's that it lacks the resolve . 
  and rightfully so , imo . 
  well , compared to russia , ukraine is peanuts . 
  russia has a pretty strong military . 
  it 's not us but it 's big . 
  sounds like they have it coming . 
  that makes sense . 
  but it almost doubled since then ? 
  damn . 
  1 in 3 spanish children is overweight ? 
  that 's weird , it 's not what i have experienced . 
  and i see lots of children in a regular basis . 
  we always lose !, 
  that 's true , but why was n't that an option before ? 
  it 's weird . 
  but would n't that be the case since the begining ? 
  transportation has n't become cheaper . 
  it 's actually the other way around . 
  i do n't understand why coca cola is closing their factories . 
  i ca n't believe the consumption has gone down so much . 
  they have . 
  madrid is totally an artificial city . 
  of course that does n't matter much now . 
  seems like i have n't done my job of informing myself . 
  i thought asturies was doing quite well ... 
  the transition was a strange moment ... 
  well , there 's definitely some millions of people that are against it . 
  true that !, 
   the spanish government have given no indication whatsoever that they will allow catalonians , basques or anyone else even the peaceful means of secession . 
  it has . 
  it has given indication that they will do everything in their means to stop it . 
  on twitch stream . 
  if the military stepped in ukraine , it would be very very crazy . 
  be careful what you wish , you just might get it . 
  that 's true , but that 'd be effectively negotiating with terrorists . 
  i 've heard that titushkas are supposedly under the government payroll . 
  how does that work ? 
  has it been confirmed ?
