  we are a net contributor to the eu . 
  you can pay cash in most cases . 
  it 's just some banter . 
  i know galicians do n't want to separate because they are voting for the pp . 
  yep , my mom is galician . 
  i asked her today if she was going to vote bng :d, 
  some people believe that the whole point of a state is to provide for its citizens in the way they want , when possible . 
  sadly that is not the case for spain . 
  because maybe 50 % of catalans want it . 
  we 'll see tomorrow . 
  here have a laugh with this video http://www.naciodigital.cat/noticia/95219/pp/intenta/parlar/catala/evitar/independencia/jo/estimo/catalunya/estimo/catalans, 
  they will pretend that never happened . 
  the central government will not negotiate . 
  i do n't think psoe or podemos would , either . 
  so yeah ... 
  did you even click ? 
  it has a linked source . 
  i guess you listen as much as the pp when someone is arguing with you , 
  it 's not nationalism . 
  it is a breach of status quo caused by failed communications and attacks from the central government . 
   because spain has the right to territorial integrity that 's so 16th century . 
  here : http://www.vilaweb.cat/noticia/4184237/20140410/catalunya-immigrants-espanyols.html now add all of their kids . 
  yes that makes millions . 
  i 'd know , as most of my friends have at least 1 spanish grandparent , usually more . 
  since the law dictates class must be done in catalan except for c spanish class , it is in fact illegal , yes . 
  spanish government insists in burying their heads under the sand . 
  there 's lots of teachers that do classes in spanish , even if it is technically illegal . 
  i had lots . 
  there 's millions of people like him . 
  none of my grandparents was born in catalunya . 
  well you see , that 's not true because catalan kids score beter than average for spanish in the pisa tests . 
  of course i would . 
  but they would most likely vote no . 
  fucking cuba should have stayed eh ? 
  it was agredd by all !!, 
  we have winter . 
  unless you go to canarian isles . 
  then it 's perpetual summer . 
  time to have more babies . 
  do n't care about emissions ? 
  holy shit people saying stupid stuff and being proud of it makes me so angry . 
  see you at the unemployment queue !, 
  we are n't receiving many refugees . 
  subsaharian migrants on boats though ... 
  lol teachers do n't give a flying about what you wear here . 
  come to spain to live the spanish dream !, 
  yes , nitrates also pollute lakes and cause algae overgrowth . 
  they are going to take a big hit , it seems . 
  sad , my company works a lot with vw group . 
  nooo , the little trams are wonderful !!!, 
  you ca n't see it or its effects and humans are shortsighted like that . 
  pollution ( especially diesel ) has impact on the public . 
  it 's not only money , though it is an issue . 
  i do n't think the quotas are honest , as the final number is gon na be bigger . 
  it is shortsighted and dishonest . 
  yes we got it in the first post , you are smarter than average . 
  a bit . 
  not much . 
  for white foreigners . 
  why not ? 
  yeah just like the us left britain to not pay taxes . 
  which ones ? 
  too bad wv sells worldwide and most certainly cheated in all other tests . 
  guess what happens when all the cars pollute 30x the limit . 
  read up on the effects of nox . 
  in intent ? 
  that many and more , over long periods . 
  if we let that fly , all manufacturers would pull that shit . 
  there are lots of estimations about deaths caused by pollution . 
  ecological crap ? 
  lol . 
  nox is way more harmful than co2, 
  quality means lots of things . 
  but one of them is having the product perform to spec . 
  other would be being as clean as possible . 
  it is neither . 
  well , technically it is one or the other but not both ? 
  nox is serious business . 
  you should n't joke about it . 
  it 's not the same . 
  spending more money than allowed is cheating . 
  having either lower fuel efficiency ( with the regular ecu plan ) or polluting 30x ( with the unofficial plan ) is shit . 
  they sold you a product that was n't up to specs . 
  if that is n't low quality i do n't know what is . 
  on purpose , might i add . 
  that 's nice . 
  buy a seat car . 
  indirectly it could cause thousands of deaths . 
  it 's impossible to measure, 
  shh just bring all the jobs to spain , am hungry engineer !, 
  that 's so fucking ignorant . 
  please read a bit on latin america 's ethnicities, 
  we ca n't because we do n't want to . 
  it is possible , we do n't need to invent anything new to do it either . 
  refugees . 
  sure ? 
  the other in a few decades with the proper investment ? 
  that too . 
  but the latter would be very shortsighted as we would kill ourselves rather fast . 
  of course we can .
