  dude it 's fuet !, 
  you are not wrong , we had a lot of mixing together when the reconquista happened . 
  well yes , but the same number of murders is more worrying if there are less habitants , duh . 
  because that lets him justify himself and the gun he keeps under his pillow . 
  also games are coming up to be 50gb now . 
  so that would be 30 more bucks . 
  he did n't do any math . 
  he made an estimation . 
  with his eyemeter , as i like to say . 
  a common enemy makes for very strong ties . 
  we have a common goal . 
  more than one actually , i highly doubt the eu will fall apart . 
  most i could see happening is uk leaving , but i do n't think even that is going to happen . 
  our th is not c !, 
  i do n't understand . 
  i do n't even know where that is . 
  it 's not really covered by our media and i do n't give a shit either . 
  ah , good old / r/shitsugusinosays that should be a thing . 
  i literally do n't give a shit about ceuta and melilla other than what its citizens want . 
  imagine if you need to do a cfd simulation . 
  a 3d drawing . 
  bljeprints for a building . 
  not all the software used by all government ever is the office suite . 
  for example there 's a ton of research that simply would be too expensive to make if you had to develop the software yourself . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a case of racism against argentinians . 
  maybe against the darker skinned countries in south america . 
  but i got ta say argentino spanish reeeeaaally grinds my gears . 
   one example is that i went to pickup my nie to `` extranjeria '' and they argued with me that i was not italian even though i have all my documents that say so . 
  they even said that i was there to `` steal public healthcare '' . 
  i 'm gon na go ahead and call bullshit . 
  people that work in extranjeria see this hundreds of times per day . 
  do assholes deserve to die though ? 
  spain stronk !, 
  not true . 
  in fact most plane accidents are n't the kind you see in the news . 
  yes but can you imagine the hours spent in training and the man hours spent to develop necessary software ? 
  helvetica is the new comic sans . 
  dude you must be rolling in money . 
  that 's not true . 
  not all crashes are at 120kmh . 
  and even then a helmet could save your life . 
  why are canarias in there and not ceuta and melilla ? 
  but eu immigration is better because people integrate better and are usually more educated . 
  inb4 source . 
  the law is there , but cops do n't give a fuck . 
  i received death threats on facebook and the cops basically said `` tough luck '', 
  killing people is not `` going against popular opinion . '', 
  killing people is not `` going against popular opinion . '', 
  except for all the infrastructure . 
  are yoy for real ? 
  but people never optimize things using polynomials . 
  or will never use advanced math . 
  of course i do use it and need to know it . 
  but people that will not use math beyond high school level should n't need to learn all that imo . 
  so that 's exactly my point . 
  i think people need to learn the math they need . 
  statistics , for example . 
  not calculus . 
  they are experimenting with diferent paths in spain , i think it 's pretty cool . 
  but it 's not necessary or even helpful for a lot of people . 
  when does someone use that ? 
  and rates of change , that would be derivatives . 
  that 's not high school curriculum . 
  the point is that 99 % of people do n't understand basic trigonometry after finishing school . 
  so it 's pointless . 
  not necessarily bad . 
  perhaps the math curriculum is n't the best it possibly can . 
  for example trigonometry and second degree equations are a waste of time for the average person . 
  instead they could learn normal distribution or something useful . 
  numerical methods ? 
  or even another subject . 
  math is very important for logic , yes . 
  but when the average person finishes highschool they can add substract multiply and divide , and not much else . 
  math is overrated . 
  and i say this as an engineering student . 
  they make the kids learn math that is n't helpful or necessary that could be spent learning statistics or strenghtening other basic concepts . 
  carrying nuclear weapons ! = nuclear sub, 
  but healthcare , military spending , religiousness ... 
  is that wrong though ? 
  and pedophilia . 
  there are other risks . 
  just that they are not arbitrarily decided by someone . 
  i like burgundy ? 
  i believe his point is that we should work in standardization . 
  but first , let 's get the damn yankees to use metric . 
  i have a serious question . 
  does english have a regulatory body that decides what is right and what is wrong ? 
  battle royale much ? 
  that 's because there is a big chance that someone like me could go to euskadi and need to understand legal papers . 
  and you have the right to use your own language too . 
  but it 's not very functional . 
  that 's true for all legalese and bureaucracy . 
  that 's amazing though . 
  should n't have approved it in the first place . 
  it 's no the company 's fault . 
  this is unrealistic . 
  yes , growth has been expontential in africa so far . 
  but so it was in europe back in the day . 
  it ought to slow down sometime before 2050 . 
  simply not enough resources to feed that many people , unless something crazy happens in the next 35 years .
