  are you complaining about the text , the flag or what ? 
  i think you need to relax . 
  why not take a relaxing cup of cafe con leche ? 
  we love you too guys . 
  it 's pretty expensive . 
  yes , unlike catalan nationalism , in my opinion . 
  for a thousand reasons , much like german nationalism and say , icelandic nationalism . 
  madrid dosmilnunca !, 
  this . 
  spanish nationalism kind of has bad connotations . 
  so did i. 
  thanks again , mods . 
  it kind of is both for a lot of people . 
  in fact most catalans have ancestors from the rest of spain . 
  usually 2nd-4th generation . 
  you are right . 
  but both are my languages . 
  and this guy is our minister . 
  it 's not a term of art . 
  sometimes the line is blurry but honest to god my lab teachers would laugh at me if i pulled this shit in an assignment . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  so you are saying we could be a tax haven ? 
  hmmm, 
  the first and second statements are probably true . 
  the spending in infrastructure has to be massive . 
  us is big . 
  on a slightly unrelated note , have you tried 4g ? 
  i got 25mb/s on my phone , woah . 
  i 'm speaking about the treatment of the data , not the data itself . 
  like yeah , i can draw that line with excel , does n't mean it 's statistically relevant . 
  i thought it as a literal translation for our term `` gitano '' . 
  then again esl so ... 
  that graph is pretty stupid . 
  you ca n't just draw a tendency line . 
  the points are rather disperse . 
  to me roma is a culture or a lifestyle , not a race or an ethnicity . 
  you probably do n't `` qualify '' as my idea of roma . 
  i do n't understand the reference but i guess the picture is funny . 
  are you roma or are you from romania ? 
  from what i know , roma do n't speak english ( except the ones that live in the uk , i guess ) and probably do n't even know what reddit is . 
  * spanish for i shit in your whore mother * ves a pastar fang . 
  * catalan for ... uh i do n't really know how to translate this * beautiful languages for cursing . 
  [ my reaction if madrid wins . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=zz5lpwo-an4 ), 
  i claim a small greek island . 
   catalonia has a million of muslims living on welfare . 
  alright , we found the one guy that votes pxc, 
  sounds about right . 
  i do n't think our government is behaving like a hooligan . 
  or most of the population for that matter . 
  except for all the people that do n't know much about catalunya and do n't want it to be independent for some reason i ca n't fathom . 
  if it 's a minority , it is rather vocal . 
   they have said that they send the police against the regional government before allowing that . 
  i do n't think we will ever get to this . 
  hopefully . 
  i mean if it comes to that , i 'm fairly sure local policemen will stand for their people . 
  but i guess you never know with cops , they do n't represent the population homogeneously . 
  i 'm no lawyer but i think unless the eu steps in we are pretty much just a kid throwing a tantrum . 
  edit : i ca n't english no good, 
  do n't bomb all of it . 
  moncloa will do , for starters . 
  technically not allowed by our constitution . 
  and we ca n't change it because as a region we do n't have majority . 
  of course that 's an oversimplification but it will do . 
  i agree but there 's even more reasons . 
   for luxuries like computers or furniture holy shit where have we come . 
  also if you want to live on 800 $ in barcelona , you 'll have to rent a room , no way you can pay for an apartment . 
  seems kind of stupid that minimum wage ca n't afford to rent an apartment , specially with so many empty houses . 
  i lost my hope about our decision of vote long ago . 
  if the majority of people is middle or lower class , how in earth and why do they vote a `` right '' wing party ? 
  one would argue that we could cut elsewhere less important . 
  read : ave to some little town that gets 20 passengers a day . 
  hell , even culture , at least it wo n't increase mortality . 
  our government is just selling lives for money . 
  i know at least in spain there 's a pretty big tobacco industry . 
  it 's not `` common '' but it happens in spain too . 
  it 's basic math . 
  less doctors and less or = longer waiting lists = increased mortality . 
  good riddance . 
  i had an expressmusic and it was the shittiest electronic device i have ever owned . 
  gives a whole new meaning to `` siempre nos quedar\u00e1 par\u00eds '' . 
  well not gon na say i did n't notice an increase of police presence in barcelona . 
  we are pretty nice . 
  did n't know we had that many cops . 
  the first one is terrible . 
  it 's terrifying that someone can even think that . 
  i agree with the second part but not with the first . 
  i think you have never spoken to a mallorqu\u00ed . 
  they speak gibberish to me . 
  i feel the other way . 
  i think american english is so much easier to understand . 
  wow , could n't even finish reading the article . 
  so much rage . 
  i got no hard feelings against spanish people . 
  they ( we ) are nice . 
  literally north korea . 
  but most people do n't go/don ' t care . 
  that 's like my view of your country being affected by a neo-nazi group . 
  it 's not the fault of those towns . 
  except it is .
