   looks like turkish assholes made his life a fucking hell since he was a child yeah blame turks as always all incidents.nice brain . . 
  average kurds are more ignorant and rude than average turks.stop bullshit fucking racist . 
  absolutely , like dog coller . 
  its never gon na happen.never , ever , even in 2100 . no need to spend force . 
   about one in five people in cyprus is a turkish cypriot . 
  that 's right.also its like belgium.one island 2 public . 
  ( like flanders , wallonia ), 
  why are you so sad ? 
  is it harm anyone ? 
  do you see turks as ` minority ' ?? 
  even this ` wreck ' army is suffice to shiver . 
  all the world reilized this in 1974\u00a01967-1973 occur ... 
  % 50 turk % 40 kurds % 10 others ( not official ), 
   definitely more people have died of terrorism in turkey . 
  thanks to pyd supporters . . 
  nice call, 
   they only care about self interest . 
  i agree with you other points too.all countries protect self interest.but i can not see  certainly nato is more useful to turkey part . 
  what is the benefits ? 
  still i can not benefits.about russian plane ; they violated border and we shot plane rightly . 
   usually a dutch flag i think it must be like that.if you live in a country you should accommodate.no need other flags . 
  exclusions cause this.i think both sides need embrace each other.noone can despise netherland . 
   turks put the turkish flag out for no reason whatsoever and get really offended maybe its snide question . 
  do you vote for trump this selection ? 
   a kurdish family recently celebrated their daughter 's graduation by putting up a kurdish flag is it common to put a flag in graduation celebrating in netherlands ? 
  some kurds believe that all yezidi and assyrian are kurd . 
  it might be good for linguistic unity !! 11 !, 
  but erdogan will do this again !, 
  thank you for your precious belief . 
  the war is finished.we lost boysss.they are majority.they have all powers ( army , police , public prosecutor , judge , government , president , governor , district governor , banks , press , societies etc. . ) . now death penalty is on way how can we fight?for what we fight ? 
  is it worth ? 
  i agree with you.after 57 years poeple let it go . 
  there is much to be written.but you 're not worth for it . 
  you wrote that ` im turk ' , later you wrote that ` did we gice money to turks already ?? 
  liar https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4tjsnd/gunther_oettinger_no_visa_waiver_for_turkey_this/d5hw6l6, 
  no shit really ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4tjsnd/gunther_oettinger_no_visa_waiver_for_turkey_this/d5hw6l6 bu gibi adamlar\u0131n oyununa gelmekten yorulmad\u0131n\u0131z m\u0131 ? 
  valuable information.firstly dont get me wrong my point is never insulting.turkeys east is weight for turks.turkeys west adds value and share with east.it shows half wealth for west.for example they dont pay tax ; eletric , water and other bills but always take child benefits , unemployment benefits , infrastructure investment etc. . http://i.imgur.com/zy4i4ri.png, 
  valuable information.firstly dont get me wrong my point is never insulting.turkeys east is weight for turks.turkeys west adds value and share with east.it shows half wealth for west.for example they dont pay tax ; eletric , water and other bills but always take child benefits , unemployment benefits , infrastructure investment etc. . http://i.imgur.com/zy4i4ri.png, 
  dont worry . 
  membership never happen even in 2200 . its just unnecessary show for both sides . 
   hanged prime ministers russia , italy , spain did same  extension of previous regimes in turkey . 
  no have no idea about turkish political history.dont behave like expert . 
  is it sarcazm ? 
  what have you done for turks ? 
  dont help pkk it suffice for us . 
   certainly nato is more useful to turkey what is nato benefits for turks ? 
  we just saw threatenings , scoldings , orders . 
  do we ?? 
  threatens with war ? 
   most of those people coming were also from the poorest regions of turkey with low education profound observation.in 70s educated or average turks didnt want to work as ` worker ' in germany.therefore turkish govermant have sent hobbles ( villagers ) to germany for decreasing unemployment in turkey . 
  unfortunately they have never seen civilization before migration.they had no idea europian cultures , ethics , rules.it make an impact bad image on turks in europe.we have got still ignorant peoples ( akp voters ) as you can see . 
   no nato countries were compelled by treaty in those conflicts . 
  yes that is right.still i can not see defensive organization . 
  it is attached to north cyprus claims.they want guarantee for themselves.for example life safety . . do you know bloody christmas ? 
   article 5 only covers when a nato state is attacked yeah nato is really defensive organization.we saw this at iraq , pakistan , afghanistan , syria , libya , somali etc. . 
  baseless statements.all the world even aliens know that majority of eu peoples and politicians do not support turkey membership . 
  maybe turks do not try to fulfill criteria for this impossible mission . 
  oh you are right , changing number.ty, 
   wo n't constantly have to listen to conditions or be worried about sanctions i sign under this statement . 
   nobody really wants turkey to join the eu anyway . 
  not even the turkish people . 
  profound statement.both sides dont care each other . 
   but leaving the echr would harm turkey . 
  unfortunately noone care this in here too . 
  so what is the reason before erdogan term ? 
  you can not imagine :d . but 14 years is so long for you . 
  any reason ? 
  so deport them.these negatives do not justify to insult a nationality . 
  is cyprus greek island ? 
  what think cypriots about this ? 
  profound analysis !, 
  hahahahaha . 
  look at top 5 donors countries in the world.we gove 1-usa 2-uk 3-turkey 4-japan 5-germany . 
  57 years :d, 
   this is properly also an opportunity to stop turkish accession process and then blame erodgan on it . 
  all turk know that we are never be membership even witout erdogan , fulfilling required , in 2200 . cause eu leaders already said that turkey never be membership.noone blame erdogan . 
  no way.like other 26 countries :d, 
   negotiating tool this is the problem.threatening dont affect most of turks.threatening increse hatred against eu.erdogan uses this hatred . 
   if you fulfill the criteria , you can join a lot of eu leaders said that turkey never be membership even fullfilling criteria.let be honest , eu people thinks like that too . 
   turks here are a bigger problem do they make soap in germany ? 
  or eat human meat ? 
   a mass migration of 7-15 million any document for this numbers ? 
  or just from your ass ? 
  even we fulfill required to join the eu.eu leaders said it never be happen.and its true.we struggled 57 years and people just tired . 
  annoying point is that turkey always have seen ` buffer zone ' ` outpost ' geographical ` point ' . . never be alliance , friend . . 
  what a ignorant . 
  we never trust nato for our moves ( 1974,1996 etc ) . besides nato members said that turkey is alone in possible war in russia.http : / / www.spiegel.de/international/world/nato-worried-about-possible-turkey-russia-hostilities-a-1078349.html, 
  you are right.both sides should end negotiation.its just waste of time.my point , eu said that its never be happen but they still talk about ` membership ' . 
   politicians are just making sure that this carrot on a stick is visible to turks . 
  it does not mean that they 'll be allowed to eat it any time soon . 
  its degrading to be a fool.most of turks know that its just a carrot and they dont believe . 
   the problem is that politicians are willing to lower the requirements for turkey lolololol.read sarkozy , camaron , merkel and other leaders statement about membership.yeah they are really willing haha . 
  you always saw ` bargaining tool ' , ' a carrot ' etc. . then you said that why turks released negotiation . . 
  what a asshole , go on dreaming, 
   then you should n't join the eu or even try . 
  its happen now.people let it go , even seculars . 
   it has to be mutually beneficial . 
  absolutely i think same.but turks dont see the benefits since 1959 . even we have not free visa in 57 years . . how can it be mutually benefical ? 
  ( 1 ) all europian leaders ( merkel too ) said that turkey never be member .
