  ( 2 ) if you are not wanted for membership , why you struggle for negotiation ? 
  ( 3 ) dont blame only turks . 
  edit : i dont understand these negative points ... ( 1 ) merkel , sarkozy , cameron , poland , austria and a lot of pms said that . 
  ( 2 ) its obvious disappointing statements , willing killer . 
  ( 3 ) so eu politicans behaved mistake too . 
  have i wrong idea ? 
  amazing obvervation.as a turk i agree with you.people tired for accsessing eu.now erdogan says lets go new way ( into arabs ) . 
   also turkey has finally been accepted as an eu member we all knows this will never happen to en of the world . 
   hungary has reelected the reanimated body of orban for the 27th time.i like that . 
   blame turkey and greece . 
  why blame us ? 
  we give food and place and they choose there.we do not push to migrate.btw we have 3 millons and you ? 
  you still wait to us more taking migrates, 
  i thought same.after said dont struggle anymore . 
  we dont know that why he is insulted.probably he have reasons by itself.yeah maybe its excessive.but its calls criticism with exaggeration.do you think that this penalty is severe ? 
  for example b\u00f6hmermann and erdo\u011fan.https : / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=drcwb2e0zbk do you justify erdogan ? 
  its just criticism with fun . 
  he wrote his ideas.i can not decide true or wrong.if he is even wrong for his ideas , result is jail and probation ?? 
  thinks do not damage physically.its like inquisition . 
  another point is ` insulting king ' . lets think that if he cursed to ` normal people ' , is he get jail and probation ? 
  equality ? 
  impartiality ? 
  justice ? 
  austria had proximate 4 per million suddenly in 2008 . interesting any idea ? 
  freedom of expression ? 
   since you 'll never be part of europe really , you should make a middle-east map according to the turks thank you for advice . 
   you cleary can understand that we ca n't trust you double faced turks . 
  besides it 's not like france ever promised anything to turkey . 
  all the earth even aliens know that we never in eu.we never said 2 you promised us ' even germany and uk.it was negotiation.dont worry , negotiation will finish soon . 
   `` terrorists '' . 
  nice definition.thank you stupid cow, 
  calm down cowboy, 
  ` you ' means europian big brothters ( gb , gr , fr ) we all know greece didnt bomb anyone . 
  i means europe and usa not greece . 
  we can not take all imigrants . . we have 3 million ... but all europe crying like a child for 1 millions.you bombed there so take responsibility for this . 
  edit1 : after -10 point all immigrants come bace from grecee gogogo guys . 
  i think we are okey , i dont see a war in the future.besides how can we fight ? 
  we are nato member.if greeks will insest for war turks gon na be fit . 
  greeks are paranoiac for war with turkey.i have no idea why they are think like this in 2016 . 
  who cares deal ? 
  all the world know that we never are member eu nor get free visa.deal is gone . 
   you guys asked for missile noy us erdogans arbitrary wish.its unnecessery wish.we have nerver used . 
   you also asked nato for help to police the turkish coast along the aegean we are good in aegean.maybe greeks want do this . 
   turkey wants nato to do more to fight terror attacks you deny it and you supports terrorist organization agaist turkey ( pkk-ypg )  you would not have pulled off shooting a russian . 
  read nato leaders descriptions about plane down.especially luxemburg and france . 
  ` we can not support turkey in possible war with russia ' . oh dont forget german mps attitude . 
   do n't mistake nato foreign policy with western foreign policy that may differ with turkey 's foreign policy . 
  tahnk you for advise , but its conditions and all countries should care own interest.we cant see benefits from nato, 
   your `` turkey stronk !, 
  no need nato '' rhetoric is getting ridiculous . 
  we never say ` we are strongest , amazing , powerful etc. . 
  country . 
  ` we just saying we never profit by nato.we are in nato but nato supports terrorist against turkey ( ypg-pkk ) . us sells guns , use our lands and soldiers.our ( not our erdogans ) only wish is fucking useless missiles.we never used missiles over 4 years . 
  send back ? 
  all europe have 1 or 2 milllion migrants.we have already 3 millions . . 
  really ? 
   putin and erdogan ca n't stand each other but they currently need each other . 
  i agree indeedi very good observation . 
   i find the prospect of war between turkey and russia for what?i dont agree with you in this commend . 
   i wish they 'd finally cut ties with turkey for ` turkey refusing to admit immigrants ' for bulgaria , country like village ? 
  best part  we need this stability quite desperately . 
  say bulgarian ? 
  bulgaria ? 
  nice dream.even aliens believe this lie it will change nothing.we are sure our history . 
  it began to be boring.i was wrong.im so sorry.have a good night . 
  he cant deny it cause its true.yeah wrote `` germans are racists '' but i generalized . 
  ` most of ' is more accurate definition . 
   potential future with turkey all the world know this possiblity is 0 . 
  even in 2100 . 
   we leave cold turkey , what does it mean ? 
   germans are racist what not all ??? 
  its some generalization . 
   as far as i know , erdogan never denied the accusations . 
  so you know wrong.https : / / www.youtube.com/watch?v=ehxnj7gkjhc . pls watch ty . 
  not all germans and erdogan deserves more curses . 
   if turkey joins the eu all the world know this possiblity is 0 , even in 2100 . i think austrian medias want interesting discussion . 
  no , our ` fact ' is germans are racist.all the world peoples saw that ` fact ' and turks in gemany and turkey still fall with this ` fact ' . 
  other countries kenya now bois too . 
  god , man of course i investigated datas.my point is that we have less economic power unlike army.just all . 
  we call in turkey racizm . 
  why just top 10 ? . 
  btw 4 . is not bad for today.i believe we will have more medals in futures . 
   ( little bit smaller than the netherlands ) for economi.i have not bad aim just datas to compare bro . 
  poor quality sarcasm but nice try . 
  if you mean the tention between turkey and russia.nato ( for example luxembourg pm ) told ` turkey is alone in possible war with russia ' . yeah fucking erdogan got reckless actions but he dont care you . 
  its actual datas to compare, 
  told the german, 
  this possibility increase day by day.nato do not helps our problem.for example ypg . 
  it 's no big deal.if you want you can leave.i never understood why erdogan call help to germans . 
  edit : after -15 points german mps can visit troops . 
  edit2 : congratz guys !, 
  you did it !, 
  dont forget to book . . 
  weight for turkey no more, 
   lol http://www.mapsofworld.com/world-top-ten/world-top-ten-countries-with-largest-armies-map.html , http://www.businessinsider.com/11-most-powerful-militaries-in-the-world-2014-4, 
  eventually its a choice and all sides are responsible for choices . 
  i have never said ` mongols are our ancestor ' . how can you sense in mypost?all countries regard nagorno-karabakh is azerbaijan land.just look at maps.sleazy ignorant, 
   reactions to the recognition of the armenian genocide you thorow away gas on fire then say  unpredicatability and potential danger, 
   i 'd rather have a million russian nukes in turkey . 
  thank you for your best wishes.best regard asshole .
