well clearly putting any % of africa on european welfare is not a solution , right ? 
  wow , i had no idea . 
  quota system is a no go in latvia , i agree . 
  you are so right . 
  countries like hungary and the czech republic would swing so hard to the far-right ; the politicians there are protecting their own votes and refusing to accept any quota system . 
  there is room in romania , there are many abandoned villages and arable land but as a romanian i do n't want them to settle there because that would mean they would never integrate . 
  ever . 
  we have completely failed to integrate roma / gypsies as well . 
  the way i see it , most of the other eu states are hiding behind a technicality while italy and greece have to deal with this shit . 
  disgusting for states who share schengen . 
  there really is only one solution and that is to close the borders and provide whatever relief we can in camps set up on the other side of the sea . 
  while i agree with you , in principle , you just ignore the amount of illegals we will get in the long run if we take these in . 
  it will ruin the eu . 
  also what jobs are you going to give the millions of unskilled people who will illegally immigrate to europe over the coming years ? 
  you only realize how real / serious the issue is when you see a video such as this . 
  so how do we tell our leaders that this shit needs to stop , without voting for the far right and hurting the eu ? 
  i would agree except that rapes committed by immigrants are shockingly common place in norway and sweden . 
  the thing is , people who listen to marduk are atheists and atheists have a much better comprehension of the distinction between the real world and the fantasy world . 
  with religious people the boundary between those two is murky at best . 
  i am honestly disgusted by nationalism but to hate on the country and the people who took you in and gave you shelter is inexcusable . 
  i hate to say it but one where immigrants assimilate ? 
  and no offence to anyone but the piece of shit in that video should be grateful to swedes and to the swedish government for being allowed into the country to begin with . 
  sweden did n't bring him in as a slave , they rescued him and his family so he should assimilate ; he should shut the fuck up or move back to africa . 
  it 's not the same thing and you know it . 
  to be fair , any immigration policy where the immigrants form clusters of closed groups is a failure . 
  it 's not just this video . 
  so it 's ok because others do it too ? 
  i bet you ca n't ... housing in the uk is probably the worst in the whole of the eu . 
  so what you 'd consider old and crappy is standard over there . 
  now look at what you get for 450 eur / month in cluj-napoca , romania . 
  1400 pounds per ** week ** for http://www.gumtree.com/p/2-bedrooms-rent/-2bedroom-flat-garden-shepherds-bush-/1113561262 2 bedroom , kitchen , bathroom and a tiny bit of lawn they call a `` garden '' edit : *** crap furniture and shitty kitchen included, 
  look , http://www.gumtree.com/p/2-bedrooms-rent/flat-top-floor-for-professional-non-smoking-couple.-lovely-clean-quiet-spacious.-/1117287428 1650 pounds per month for a kitchen , bathroom , bedroom and very small bedroom on the top floor . 
  this is the very minimum you need to have a family and just 1 child . 
  bills not included . 
  add to this transportation ( not even a car with car insurance which is another 4000 pounds per year , parking ) , food , schooling , clothing , phone ... etc. 
  i have looked at moving from romania to london as a programmer and came to the conclusion that i 'm better off here , at least for now . 
  i seriously encourage you to go on a site and look at rent prices in london . 
  you 'll first find them `` acceptable '' until you realize they list rent prices `` per week '' . 
  have you looked at rent in the uk and what you get for 1000 $ / month ? 
  you 're right , i exaggerated . 
  i will bet my money on the german army defending the eurozone if needed . 
  you 're the `` child left behind '' . 
  if given the choice russia would annex and rule germany in its entirety . 
  other than economic , military and industrial capabilities there is no difference between hitler and putin . 
  considering germany barely has a functional army would the same germans want other countries to defend germany based on article 5 ? 
  if we were at war and nato and europe were to crumble there is absolutely no reason for someone like putin to stop just short of invading germany . 
  hitler did n't want to stop short of anything and the only difference between hitler and putin is that putin has some constrains put on him , that 's it . 
  economic , industrial , nuclear , etc. 
  have you * seen * juncker in public at all ? 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about whatsoever . 
  this is right in the better areas of bucharest . 
  i 'm the one who posted the worst google streetviews because it made me mad that any romanian would claim that french cities are more dirty than romanian cities . 
  romanians are in denial about a great many things . 
  yes , the buildings , cables , rust , etc are a problem . 
  that 's probably the worst place in europe ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  but pretending like it does n't exist is n't going to solve anything . 
  of course , romanians here get angry when i point things such as this out but , shaming people is sometimes a way to make them change . 
  it just ticked me off that a romanian would claim french cities are more dirty than romanian cities . 
  as long as we have something like that anywhere in the country we should shut the fuck up . 
  but romanians are stupid because they think to themselves , `` if it 's a gypsy area it does n't count as romania '' ... right , how idiotic is that . 
  i did n't have the stomach to click around ... the problem is with the people . 
  obviously its incomprehensible how they can live there and not clean the place , at least 30 minutes a day . 
  it would get better . 
  small steps , you know ... 
  nono , we get a lot of snow here . 
  you do n't get anywhere near as much snow in belgium . 
  people here * should * by winter tires because we * know * there will be snow on the roads for at least 2 if not 3 months . 
  yes , that is worse than african or indian slums , look at it . 
  the fact that you know this place exists and you can still hold a straight face when you attack me for pointing it out is exactly what 's wrong with romania . 
  while i wo n't argue with you , do n't post a video from 2010 , especially when it 's obvious that the whole place is under construction . 
  hmm , i do n't necessarily mean more smelly but the streets in the cities are filled with sand and dust because in winter they throw sand and salt . 
  they 're supposed to wash and sweep it away after winter has passed but more often than not , they do n't or the workers do a lousy job . 
  when you drive in romania with the window down there is a definite sense that the air is making your skin more dirty , as opposed to driving in austria for example . 
  romanians have an obsession with the government clearing away the snow in winter as if it had never snowed ( if possible ) , although it 's the car owners who do n't buy winter tires . 
  so , countless funds are wasted every winter moving snow from one spot to the other and throwing sand and salt everywhere . 
  the salt gets on everything and damages paint , concrete and asphalt . 
  this is the most accurate explanation i can think of . 
  seriously ?!, 
  you live on that street ? 
  are you sure ? 
  the odds that i would pick at random a city and then a street , in france and that someone out of the few thousand people who use r/europe from france ... that 's a wtf moment !, 
  are there more dogs on the streets there than in romania / bucharest ? 
  well i guess that 's difficult to quantify . 
  nevermind . 
  to be fair , the touristy bits of budapest are really sights to pause and take in , but yea , quite run down . 
  http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanian-premier-ponta-under-investigation-315172 we 're on it . 
  that 's no excuse ... 
  if you own property in the historical center of any city you better be able to maintain it properly , or sell and get the fuck out . 
  it 's the same situation as in much of romania . 
  you 're just angry because i am upfront and truthful about the worst bits of romania and romanians . 
  you feel insulted because you think we should be more proud of ourselves and not let others talk shit about us because we do so many great things . 
  which we do . 
  look at our internet speed and our fight against corruption . 
  but the way to do that is to better ourselves to the point where they have no reason to talk shit about us any more , not to get angry when they do , with good reason . 
  simply hiding behind political correctness is n't going to improve our image in europe . 
  all nordic cities are . 
  i live in romania and tap water * in my region * is excellent . 
  i would pick it over bottled , every time . 
  norwegian girls are beautiful but it 's surprising how many are single mothers .
