  and since these two countries will be under less pressure to give people jobs they will be the very first to switch to a robot economy . 
  in short , exactly the opposite will happen . 
  the only thing romania has going for itself is that most people are home-owners so the incredibly low wages do n't bite so hard . 
  other than that , it 's not a good place to be . 
  when gypsies are n't your biggest problem anymore . 
  you need to account for different income levels between east and west and also that not everyone drives around that much ... 
  how about a single , eu-wide , yearly tax for every car based on the number of km driven that year ... 
  did we shake our fist at them ? 
  for sure he had a glass of something before and might not have realized what effect it would have . 
  ( on orban ), 
  in all honesty , i ca n't say i am disappointed or angry with him behaving like this , i just ca n't believe it . 
  and , actually , that comment to / about orban ... priceless . 
  edit : i think orban got the hardest slap . 
  seriously ? 
  my god . 
  let me watch this again . 
  is this real or edited somehow ? 
  absolutely . 
  * doctors *, 
  this means the situation in ukraine is about to get worse . 
  `` peace-time '', 
  wow , norway is surprisingly low . 
  in other words this is the average net worth of people in these countries ? 
  i do n't know enough about these metrics to know what i 'm looking at . 
  no , those things i talk about stand at the very foundation of the eu just as your country has joined it . 
  free movement of people , goods and capital . 
  there already is a single economy on the continent . 
  and people such as yourself who support `` just a union '' have prevented further integration and a single fiscal union and the result of that is easy to see . 
  being pro-eu means you do n't care where your money ends up inside the eu , because , you know , we 're all europeans ? 
  just like i do n't care if my boss is italian or german or british and he is exploiting my work at a low wage . 
  just like i do n't care whether eastern europe becomes nothing but un-industrialized , agricultural land , scarcely inhabited after all the qualified work-force whom the government here invest billions into educating , has moved to a western country . 
  i really , do n't care . 
  what i do care about is being treated fairly no matter where in the eu i choose to live , regardless of my national identity . 
  you mean in the same way that a skilled worker leaving an eastern european country producing added value and spending his income in your country after , oh , 18 or 20 years of education in his home country , hurts the poorer country ? 
  you are simply not capable of seeing both sides and you only really care about your own country . 
  hence you may claim to be pro-eu but really you 're not . 
  no decent eastern european is expecting that anyone from here should go to the uk and leech off your social welfare . 
  do n't pretend like that 's what the majority of eastern europeans want , because it 's insulting . 
  i was explicitly talking about employed people . 
  and you can cut all benefits to people who do n't want to work . 
  but i suspect the majority of those are in fact britons ( as in , have citizenship ) and your elected officials do n't want to lose votes . 
  the children you are referring to often go for years having to see their parents in skype-calls . 
  relocating a family thousands of miles does n't happen over night , even if my long-term plan would be to move to the uk . 
  both parents need jobs , the children need to learn the new language sufficiently so they do n't fall behind in school . 
  if my benefits are cut and `` adjusted '' because my children live in a poorer place , then my taxes should be relaxed too . 
  otherwise i am contributing more than my fair share and receiving less . 
  immigrant workers already contribute heavily to the prosperity of your country ; they come to your country not having friends , not knowing anyone , leaving their families behind and not having any property there . 
  they pay the same high rents that the locals do even if they 've just spent their savings moving to a new country and they are easily abused by employers who pay them less than locals . 
  which again , is the inability of your government to enforce a minimum-wage . 
  you mean like all the pakistani child-rapists your country does n't do shit to stop ? 
  but if i 'm a worker in the uk , i pay my taxes . 
  i do n't see how it 's an abuse of the system . 
  see exactly the double standard i was talking about . 
  you do n't care if those money leave britain to go to germany , but you care because they go to a country , as you put it , with a `` much lower cost of living '' ... let me give you an example . 
  child benefits in romania have just been doubled , recently . 
  from something like 10 euros to 20 euros / month . 
  i am sure you comprehend how ridiculously low that sum of money is , even for romania . 
  if i contribute to the social welfare system there , you 're damn right i expect to get something back . 
  and yes , the money goes to eastern europe . 
  where it happens to be needed because we live in a union with incredible discrepancies in wages and your commitment to expand eastwards does n't only mean you get to brain-drain the shit out of poor countries and leave them in ruin . 
  millions of people ? 
  seriously ? 
  and what 's wrong with being able to claim child benefits if i work in london and my children go to school in eastern europe ? 
  you hold an east - west double standard because you would n't see that as a problem if a german would do the same . 
  as long as i ca n't get benefits in two countries , then what is the problem ? 
  as an immigrant worker , i contribute through my taxes right ? 
  so i can contribute for british children but not my own ? 
  yes , you 're right . 
  no friend , you 're really having a referendum because your massive banks ( along with a few other industries ) do not want eu regulations . 
  people who control your banks and your media have pushed forward notions of social-welfare tourism , pickpockets and thieves from eastern europe . 
  which , i will grant you , are not lies and perhaps they are not even blown out of proportion but , come on ... 
  it 's the inability of your government to deal with them that 's the problem . 
  whether you like it or not , as filthy , uneducated and thieving as some of those people may actually be , they are eu citizens just like yourself . 
  if you 're in , you 're in , if you 're out you 're out . 
  but in all aspects ; you do n't get to pick and choose . 
  i say if the referendum is an all-or-nothing then everything should be all or nothing . 
  let cameron deal with the fatality of his strategy and not attribute any special status for the uk . 
  that 's probably a more dangerous precedent than a eu without the uk . 
  maybe , but those who actively want a change will have a higher turnout . 
  while the yes group will have a lower turnout because the uk is already a member . 
  this is really dangerous and seriously cameron is an idiot poker player , for sure . 
  with this kind of all or nothing referendum you put the decision in the hands of people who have n't the foresight to really make that decision to begin with . 
  eu expansion eastwards came with a baggage of underdeveloped , less educated people . 
  nobody is denying that but for the uk to say that they want : 1 . 
  free-trade with the eu . 
  rights for uk citizens to move , work and live anywhere in the eu but have control over others who want to move to the uk ... 3 . 
  access to east-european markets for their banks and produce . 
  free movement of highly skilled workers from eastern countries as well as cheap work-force . 
  everything , without contributing directly to the development of the regions those people come from , is unreasonable . 
  you ca n't share in the good , fun times , and not contribute in the development of the eu as a block . 
  if i 'm merkel or junker , i will do my best to keep the uk in the eu , but never agree to give the uk most of the benefits of being a eu member and none of the burdens . 
  this map will be everywhere when russian tanks roll in . 
  i 'm creating this post because i think that a side-conversation i have been having with a few britons merits more attention , and i would like to show them , and everyone else that they have no argument against paying child benefits to migrant workers regardless of where in the eu their children reside . 
  the matter is very simple . 
  should eu citizens working in another country be able to claim benefits for children living in another eu country ? 
  and here 's why the answer can only be yes . 
  if we take for example a migrant worker , single parent , from eastern europe . 
  lets say she gets a job as an it worker somewhere in a western country after her home country has invested into her education for 20 years , and her 2 children of 9 and 12 years of age do n't yet speak the local language well enough to be able to relocate within the school system . 
  moreover , she can not yet afford an apartment where she can raise them . 
  she pays her taxes in the country where she works , yet that part of her taxes go to local children .
