  oh , when i met polish workers in norway it was astonishing how much they used the word kurwa . 
  what 's wrong with you people . 
  because people in germany are n't scared that the mafia might get them ? 
  well , berlin is what it is ... : d, 
  oh , i did n't mean just gypsies . 
  i mea n't romanians in general . 
  ever since i returned to the country i have been trying to maintain some proper lawns both at my place and my parents ' and i have had so many arguments with my own father who keeps throwing cigarette buds everywhere . 
  including in the grass and on the pavement . 
  things like these really push me to move out again . 
  i 'm considering austria now . 
  there were burning cars and shops in london too not so long ago , lest you forget . 
  i 'm sure he was making a joke and considering the amount of uneducated , filthy immigrants they receive from romania , bulgaria and africa i do n't entirely blame them if they are fed up . 
  all i would like is for everyone to admit that it 's a eu-wide problem and work together to better our societies instead of leaning towards the far-right . 
  google streetview seems to corroborate your claim . 
  i can pick at random all i want and it will be difficult to find a place in romania which has n't some piece of trash thrown on the sidewalk , or overgrown grass , or rust or dust , mud or dirt . 
  do the same in france and you 'll see the difference . 
  i 'm sure he was just making a joke ... :-d, 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@44.389502,26.077485,3a,75y,234.93h,84.08t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1snzkjauouhlahjqmywdjtjq!2e0?hl=ro take a look at yourself before you attack him for a simple joke he made . 
  the above is literally , worse than african or indian slums and the fact that the majority of the people living there are gypsies is not an excuse . 
  they are romanian citizens and we are filthy . 
  french cities are not dirtier than romanian cities . 
  and cities there have proper landscaping and regularly cut and maintained grass . 
  you 'll hear many romanians talking the way he does . 
  it stems from a desire not to admit to oneself how bad some things here are compared to the west and , also , a general inferiority complex . 
  only in your imagination . 
  edit : picked entirely at random . 
  https://www.google.com/maps/@48.008977,0.205597,3a,75y,225.12h,70.56t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1smvuflovzg4gx8dhilvytag!2e0?hl=ro https://www.google.com/maps/@45.75043,21.242469,3a,75y,119.91h,79.51t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sqxnbid14z6earc7azvmfra!2e0?hl=ro, 
  have you been to romania ? 
  romanian is the least visited country in the whole of the eu . 
  it gets the smallest amount of money from tourism as a % of gdp . 
  and that is , entirely because of how dirty and trashy romanians make and keep the country ( as well as utter lack of infrastructure ) . 
  nature , is beautiful , even breathtaking where untouched . 
  although not as beautiful as some places in austria , switzerland , croatia or norway , but still . 
  i 'm in complete agreement . 
  driving from romania into hungary for the first time i was shocked at how much cleaner it was and how dirty , dusty , rusty and full of street garbage romania is compared to other countries . 
  romanians throw trash everywhere . 
  on city streets , parks , forests , anywhere . 
  and the air in romania , for some reason , is just a lot more smelly . 
  you can immediately notice this when you drive with your window down in the summer . 
  edit : also : - the amount of homeless people on the streets of budapest . 
  - how much nicer life is in austria , compared to romania . 
  - hearing romanians curse and use disgusting words in romanian on the streets of oslo . 
  - the amount of romanian and bulgarian beggars in oslo and even much further up north in norway . 
  - a norwegian woman buying and handing a sandwich to a romanian street musician , with a smile on her face , for absolutely no reason other than being nice . 
  - how much norwegians drink . 
  and how crazy they are for drinking their own homemade , illegal moonshine . 
  - how much norwegians want to fight with you when they are drunk . 
  - how boring sundays are in norway when everything is closed . 
  there is literally nothing to do . 
  - coming from a country without muslim immigrants it was shocking how poorly integrated they were in austrian as well as norwegian societies . 
  they are very loud and distinct in both countries and live in closed groups . 
  very similar to roma people . 
  they are not norwegian , austrian or remotely european at all . 
  - how bad the housing situation is in norway . 
  oslo provides tiny apartments at insane prices and i could not get used to living in a building made on a wooden structure . 
  - also in norway i saw people doing drugs at a party for the first time . 
  i think it was cocaine . 
  - norwegians did not hold prejudice against me for being romanian and i could make friends almost immediately and feel very welcomed . 
  this is one way to bring romania even closer on your side and secure an ally for eu integration later ; along with bulgaria since you have a bulgarian minority , poland and slovakia , the baltic states , czech republic ? 
  and maybe even hungary ( but they might want some land back ? ) . 
  moscow has never predicted that anything like this would ever happen with regard to transnistria . 
  yes , literally . 
  your own army officers . 
  how about because russia shot down a civilian airplane and killed the passengers . 
  or have you forgotten ? 
  no , russia because of putin and what he is doing to ukraine . 
  let 's not pretend that these things are not political as well . 
  that 's because romanians were suppressed and forced to live outside the cities in poverty under hungarian rule . 
  i live in cluj you jerk . 
  hungarians are under 15 % and i could n't care less if they were 98 % or 1 % . 
  grow up . 
  i do n't own anything and neither do you . 
  the fact that you identify yourself with your country is the same as people identifying with a sports team ... a construct . 
  `` we won , we . 
  won we beat the guys from city x , our city is better , we showed them , haha '' it 's nothing but childish tribalism and a moronic waste of time while other people make money off you . 
  so what if hungarians or romanians become a minority anywhere ? 
  who cares ? 
  the only people who do care are corrupt hungarian or romanian politicians who suddenly lose their source of money and power . 
  it is those politicians who are pushing you towards nationalism and making you `` root for your sports team '' because that 's their tit of corruption which they would like to continue to suck on . 
  they continue to make money while you swallow the nationalism pill and think of borders . 
  no minority should be oppressed , everyone should be free to study or work in whatever the fuck language they want ( which , by the way , hungarians here are able to ) and who cares if it 's romanian politicians or hungarian politicians who win elections and administer the community ? 
  as long as anti-corruption prosecutors are making sure that they know their place and task , none of us should really care . 
  look , i actually do n't care whether i 'm romanian or hungarian ; i do n't care what language i speak other than english at this point . 
  most people in your country are far too nationalistic and that annoys me to no end . 
  i do n't like living in romania , and i do n't like living in hungary either . 
  i will very likely move to austria or norway where i will continue not to be austrian or norwegian or romanian because it all means nothing to me . 
  i just want the freedom of movement the eu gives me so i can relocate to a place which is cleaner and where the people are nicer and where i fit in , if i want to . 
  i might decide to live 5 years in a place and another 5 in another , and another and another . 
  this is what is truly valuable to me . 
  it 's not even about how much money i make in one country or the other . 
  for all these reasons , i really do n't want to talk about borders . 
  [ hungarians were almost a minority in greater hungary . 
  give everyone a break and admit it . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/magyarorszag_1920.png ) the whole fucking point of the eu is that borders do n't matter anymore and we all have rights which you denounce by continuously crying over your old borders and `` remembering the great injustice that was done to poor hungary '' . 
  yaaay , celebrations are in order !, 
  that will certainly help the homeless get homes ; almost immediately i should expect . 
  better now ? 
  : d lol, 
  on the contrary , germany and japan are heavily industrialized . 
  the industry is not going anywhere instead people will be replaced by robots .
