  in fact , why is this even news ? 
  it 's just fishing for comments about the divided opinion on the islam . 
  where i live , a local piece of farmland at the edge of residential area was kept despite the plans of the development plans of the municipality for building a golf course . 
  the people pledged their votes , it was discussed at a board meeting and the plan was cancelled . 
  it 's as simple as that , but that never got in the news now got it ? 
  why is this a thing ? 
  it makes me angry to see how media blows this stuff up . 
  but i 'm even more angry that people like you post this to a public domain , because apparently this is so `` shocking '' or `` obvious '' . 
  easy there champ . 
  what 's good for the economy is the * flow * of money . 
  * schoten gevuurd * shots fired, 
  you 're right , but it goes both ways in my opinion . 
  `` findland '' i lolled, 
  ahhh , being an important part of the banana sure feels good, 
  you must be british, 
  i ca n't be arsed, 
  holy roman empire stronk, 
  every time i see this , i 'm kind of envious ... 
  i mean , it 's not like i think this entire plan is a bit over the top and might be hardly realizable . 
  it 's just that : we ca n't . 
  we literally have no place for big ideas . 
  we 're full . 
  time to dry up some more land i suppose . 
  grow some balls you kn\u00e4ckebrod, 
  the netherlands , as a main export country , relies heavily on the economic state of the rest of europe . 
  we were doing so bad for a long time . 
  glad to see europe is recovering so wel and as such , so do we . 
   fairly standard neonazi stuff i think darn  and they want to unite the netherlands and flanders . 
  cool 50/50 on how i perceive them :p, 
  whenever i try to speak german , i 'll just literally translate dutch words and go with what i think is the correct pronunciation . 
  never was there any german that did n't understand what i meant , but they did sometimes laugh about some words , maybe angeben was one of them ... edit : some words are logical , but are n't correct . 
  the word '' \u00dcbersetzten '' for instance , is in dutch : `` overzetten '' . 
  which translated to english means : `` transferring '' . 
  however , '' \u00dcbersetzen '' actually means : `` translate '' . 
  you can easily see how transferring and translating might be relatable words and given the wrong context , might even be correct !, 
  however , this is of course not the case , which makes up for funny sentence translations . 
  i 'm suspecting you mean foreign language ? 
  in the netherlands , thats german . 
  even though the dutch learn french too , german is at least the language i might encounter from time to time . 
  apology accepted . 
  if you are referencing to our `` foot '' , then yes , it 's the province of limburg . 
  maaskantje , the village of new kids , is located in north-brabanth . 
  we do leave you money though , whenever we go to the bathroom and have to pay ... 
  that brazilwood camp though, 
  i 'd like to elaborate on this by pointing out how successful the muslim empire was in science during the [ islamic golden age ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_golden_age ) . 
  it 's not a coincidence it was during this time , europe had a [ dark age ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dark_ages_ ( historiography ) ) . 
  basically , europe had a standstill in development because we stood still in our progress in trying to understand the world . 
  science was shunned upon . 
  this all whilst the muslim empire was progressing fast with their scientific method . 
  nowadays , it 's basically the reverse . 
  it 's like we westerners now have a golden age , and the middle-east a dark one . 
  the fact that it 's cheaper to get petrol across the border has seen many problems with dutch industries in bordertowns . 
  a lot of them went bankrupt as a lot of people just fill up their tank in germany or belgium . 
  doubt it will do anything , but it 's funny to see how this will turn out . 
  not earthworms , but rather a buttload of slugs . 
  ai n't nobody as direct and blunt as us homeboy . 
  but to be honest . 
  why ? 
  to me it feels backwards ... 
  a friend of mine went to usa once and one day , he and his family decided to go to the local mac donalds . 
  `` it was the worst meal i ever had '' ; he said . 
  `` i absolutely can not fathom why everything tastes like someone dropped an entire can of sugar on the food . 
  '' ; he added . 
  `` the cheese is all rubbery and i seriously doubt if this can even be called cheese and the bread is filled with corn syrup . '', 
  in my opinion , do n't expect much anyway if you go to a fastfood chain , but i thought it was hilarious how the reputation of dutch mac donalds ( go in , eat like savages , go out ) can not even withstand the taste differences europeans and americans have . 
  it would be obvious to see that my language : dutch , is closely related to german , english and frisian . 
  but sometimes , missing links between languages exist . 
  i hear a lot about danish people completely understanding us dutch and vice versa . 
  lets see how this pans out . 
  i do n't really think 10 million compares to 17 million , but i 'll take it with a grain of salt, 
  itt : people saying nice things about the netherlands , but dutch people contradicting every nice word . 
  you better post it, 
  i was n't even subscribed : o, 
  excuse me , what ? 
  it 's a good thing we dutch were such nice colonisers ... 
  wait ... 
  d'awww . 
  i love you too , you filthy immigrant < 3, 
  meh , i 'm myself quiet astonished by our lack of math/computing students . 
  wow , such bad reasoning . 
  do n't . 
  when we get you again , we want you to keep talking dutch in the northern part ... 
  muh culture, 
  having the largest gas field in europe , i think the dutch dont give 2 shits about russian gas . 
  when are we getting those back ... we need our bikes mate, 
  looking at your post history and how much downvotes you managed to create , i 'd say you 're probably doing us a favor by hating us and not living here anymore , you racist twat . 
  frequenting and posting there every day ; a circlejerk towards a more leftist approach to things . 
  pvv-voters are `` tokkies '' and such . 
  i do have to say this is diminishing though in the last couple of months . 
  after britain , the dutch are apparently the next most eurosceptics, 
  the university , the most prestigious of them all, 
  as a dutchman , would n't you say you love this response ? 
  not giving a single fuck and continue on with your life ? 
  i 'd rather much have this instead of fanaticism . 
  ` ietsism ' ( something-ism ) is very widespread amongst the dutch as you can see . 
  it basically means that people do n't believe in the words of the bible , quran or other holy word , but rather feel that their might have been something that controlled it all . 
  i fully accept this type of religion because it shows that these people are n't naive and think for themselfs . 
  in fact , i know many ` religious ' people whom are actually an ` ietsism ' believer , but stay with the church for obvious reasons . 
  i do n't know if i get flak for this , but i 'd rather have an entire country full of people with ` ietsism ' than some areas where religion is strongly enforced . 
  ` nutherlands fuck yeah,
