scandinavia , here we come !, 
  from a dutch point of view ; stereotypes are pretty spot on . 
  east : poor uk : childish mediterranean : aggressive nordic : cool heck , somehow the scandinavian countries seem cool and nice here , you never hear bad stuff from there :p, 
  i 'm not even mad . 
  that 's impressive, 
  i 'm confused now what i should be hating more ... 
  the english vs. 
  the french ... 
  i know you 're partly joking , but it 's predicted by several studies that our society will fall within the next 100 years . 
  afaik ; breaking in a house ; while that is technically breaking the law and if caught should get you arrested . 
  it should not have any consequences for your record if no charges are pressed since the property is legally owned by it 's houseowner . 
  if that houseowner decides to not press charges , it 's should technically be the same as having a friend over whom breaks your windows ( by accident ) . 
  but i do n't know , i 'm not english . 
  as far as i know , the couple did n't want to press charges ; so i 'm thinking he should n't be prosecuted . 
  yeah , but it 's only when charges are being pressed against said person or when someone admits it . 
  sad though , the couple did n't seem to want him arrested, 
  i really like an explanation on the : `` other type of partnership '', 
  the dutch have a very famous one : the flying dutchman . 
  the story had a true heritage , but it being a ghost-ship is due to the englishmen . 
  in the seventeenth and eighteenth century , the english were the dutch biggest competitors . 
  the dutch basically beat the english and the portuguese with their ships and sailed even on religious days : easter . 
  the english saw this as unjust and unholy and spewed hatred over the dutch . 
  heck , we are yet another civilization the english hated somewhere in history . 
  if only pim fortuyn was n't assassinated ... 
  yes . 
  we are definitely close enough in language family to understand german without having to study it . 
  germans have to speak slowly though . 
  speak ? 
  not at all . 
  extremely broken and wrong . 
  * vuistbump doet * frisian is definitely a recognised , different language . 
  wow , no idea the irish language was that different from english . 
  had to look up the history ... 
  fucking excises man ... 
  nordic countries are doing great nowadays in every aspect . 
  i would n't bother moving there if i had the chance . 
  oh there was ( still is ? ), 
  a crises concerning gas prices in the netherlands where they raised excises so that it was cheaper for border-citizens to fill their tanks in neighbouring countries ( germany and belgium ) . 
  was a pretty big thing a while ago causing a lot of gas stations at the border in the netherlands to go bankrupt . 
  oh world , are you even trying tho ? 
  talking about gas , do you still got some for us ? 
  a risky game my friend . 
  i remember going to italy on holiday for years when i was younger . 
  i spoke english fluently and i could also keep basic conversations in german and french . 
  nobody their could communicate with me . 
  very very very basic english was spoken to us . 
  the camping owner learned german in order to communicate with the tourists . 
  yet all the tourists were dutch ... 
  it was funny , yet sad . 
  i do n't think they did ... you mad bro ? 
  hey !, 
  that 's an incorrect map . 
  here , i fixed it . 
  i disagree . 
  everyone complained about the megathreads, 
  our flag is way older than yours frenchie . 
  technically , you 're a vertical dutchman . 
  hon hon hon, 
  you ca n't and should n't increase train security . 
  there is a certain limit where privacy and discomfort gets in the way of security . 
  trains should ultimately be a fast and efficient form of travel . 
  please do not turn so many people their morning commute into a dog pound, 
  jesus christ mate . 
  i live in eastern netherlands and we freak out over one or two ticks : o, 
  well , we want to polder [ doggerland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doggerland#/media/file:doggerland3er.png ) , but i 'm pretty sure you 'll try to war against us for that . 
  also , we want to build a [ mountain ] ( http://www.diebergkomter.nl/ ) just for shits and giggles . 
  also , world domination at one point . 
  i have a hard time reconsiling your seriousness , but i chuckled nonetheless, 
  if everyone puts their toe between the door , their is bound to be some feet . 
  soon ... 
  there is a gigantic difference between those two maps when looking at the dutch waters . 
  one includes doggerland , the other does n't . 
  doggerland is rightfully ours for ... reasons ... 
  yeah right , totally neglect loads of data on this and just blame city size ? 
  moscow and kiev are such small cities compared to lisbon ? 
  surely , you ca n't be serious . 
  that joke is nog about you though ... 
  coming from overijssel myself , i 'll never back down on some good ` ol hollander bashing too , 
  never knew the frisians would back us up on some jolly belgian bashing, 
  agree, 
  the entire article just spams the word netherlands but somehow manages to slip in two hollands . 
  like what ... 
  the ottomans just correctly predicted our anschluss of doggerland, 
  the last one would include us . 
  you want us gone too ? 
  bless you, 
  so ... you can use the memefication of the word stop : `` stahp '' . 
  but i ca n't do the polandball variant of anschluss ? 
  these are the countries that need anschlu\u00df, 
  big netherlands thats a word combination i would never suspect to see . 
  what ? 
  i mean , it 's just some stupid stereotype , but are n't the french usually seen as overly arrogant ? 
  i dare not live in a country where lidl is considered top-notch and high-end . 
  * triggered, 
  whaha , pointing the finger where it hurts . 
  i love it . 
  i 'm thinking he meant : let rutter particate in the slovenian elections ? 
  do n't do stuff the people do n't want ? 
  if the local residents do not want it , it should n't be built . 
  just because it 's a mosque and `` muh freedom of religion and xenophobia '' is apparently a thing , does n't mean it should happen just to make a statement .
