  these people are completely out of their minds . 
  swedish liberals can behave as social justice warriors of the world but they ca n't even prevent muslim refugees ' gang rapes of children in sweden . 
  lol . 
  yes . 
  ok . youre right . 
  ok . everytink z fine . 
  yeah . 
  lol i can share mehmed the conqueror and his ridiculous tiara : http://i.imgur.com/r7dwefx.jpg, 
  you , my friend , it seems you never saw suleiman the magnificent 's tiara : http://i.imgur.com/1o5vicn.jpg - http://imgur.com/1o5vicn latin words : svliman otoman rex tvrc x which mean '' 10th turkish king suliman of osman 's dynasty '' it 's even represented in the famous tv series magnificent century : https://youtu.be/h4lij-v9l8i, 
  i was thinking about that too . 
  i suggest renaming july ( temmuz ) after erdo\u011fan . 
  he was commander-in-chief of glorious resistance against 15th of july putch after all . 
  erdo\u011faniye would fit in turkish . 
  it means erdo\u011fan 's month . 
  we can make sacrifices for him on the 15th 's eve . 
  now i got why there is this famous saying '' i would rather see the turkish tiara in hagia sofia than a cardinal 's hat . '', 
  of lucas notaras , a byzantine grand duke , in 1452 . 
  after this sack he appearently did n't want to see a catholic-orthodox unity . 
  temmuz comes from the sumerian god dumuzi . 
  turkish name for pig , domuz , also comes from this deity . 
  old habits die hard . 
  we still name months after gods . 
  turkey should have done that years before by her own decision . 
  it 's masquerade . 
  we disgrace ourselves since the reign of mahmud ii whose reforms launched westernisation efforts in the beginning of 19th century . 
  even though we have a european lifestyle in general , we are not a western nation . 
  we carry a mixture of charasteristics of western and eastern cultures . 
  we are a mixture of west and east . 
  i can understand that it 's not easy for the turks to get trapped between east and west but it 's now crystal clear more than ever that the westerners do not want us in their club . 
  they want to develop a special relationship with us on the basis of economy , culture , education etc. 
  which is , imho , the most healty relationship between the eu and turkey . 
  european union deceives us . 
  even if we get rid of erdo\u011fan and have a business class democracy they wo n't accept us anyways . 
  and we deceive europeans . 
  we suffer hard consequences of inferiority complex that has been imposed by west for centuries . 
  we can not get rid of it anytime soon and when we have a veto power in eu council we will have a chance to use it against the europeans . 
  and there are more technical issues . 
  we wo n't give up cyprus for instance . 
  we could easily disrupt desicion making process in the eu with our 2nd largest mp quantity after germans . 
  it may be hard for europeans to imagine but we do n't think 1915 events in the ottoman empire can be designated as genocide . 
  we want a conjoint history commision of the armenian and the turkish historians to investigate ottoman official documents . 
  we are ready for a pecuniary for the crimes that are commited by state officers . 
  we are ready to give some armenian assets back . 
  but this genocide issue has already become a political argument years before and the europeans use armenians ' sorrow for their own purposes like winning an election . 
  instead they should have encouraged development of economic relations between armenia and turkey . 
  there are so many other problems between us . 
  this accession process wo n't end up with membership . 
  then it should stop immediately . 
  i said turkish vassals , not turkey 's . 
  and turkey is not younger than romania . 
  it 's the republic of turkey that was established in 1923 , not turkey herself . 
  one of the official names of the ottoman empire was turkey by the way . 
  turkish empire was also used . 
  erdel beyli\u011fi ( transylvania ) is well known in turkey because it 's related to suleiman the magnificent . 
  and as you may guess , my friend , life of s\u00fcleyman is very popular nowadays . 
  eflak ( wallachia ) , bogdan ( moldova and a part of romania ) and erdel ( transylvania ) were turkish vassals for centuries . 
  they are well known in turkey . 
  it 's like centuries old borders between the austrian empire and the ottoman empire : transilvania , wallachia and a part of bogdan . 
  i saw a similar map of polish elections where you can see prussian-russian border . 
   greek genocide said enough, 
  thanks . 
  i did n't know that but i should 've known from the name of newspaper : la croix ... 
  i thought that western media choose not to see all the turmoil in turkey and they focus on a relatively small community in turkey . 
  they are much more atheists in turkey than christians for sure . 
  they have more serious problems and free world should focus on this issue and make pressure on erdo\u011fan about it . 
  i 'm not ignorant . 
  i think you did n't get the idea . 
  religions are bullshit . 
  christians are like crying babies all over the world . 
  for example they think that they can cope with science and evolution . 
  or muslims are the reason of evil and christians did nothing wrong in history . 
  it 's sickening the way they victimize themselves . 
  they are against gay marriage like it has anything to do with them . 
  they give lectures on morality but they fuck ( yes , fuck ) -10 years old males in religion schools . 
  recently an australian cardinal is charged with child abuse . 
  and he is the same person with the cardinal that tries to teach religion and science to richard fuckin dawkins on a tv debate : https://youtu.be/g4omfy7q-uo religion makes people think that they are the most important , most eminent creatures . 
  yet it corrupts people . 
  makes them immoral . 
  it goes the same with a mormon or a member of daesh . . 
  it 's 21st century . 
  people should stop believing some middle eastern fairytales.they should get that the world does not orbit around them . 
  and this topic , a christian , a muslim or an atheist ; a kurd , an armenian or even a turk , just every fucking one of our society loves to victimize himself . 
  i am just angry with this . 
  if erdo\u011fan makes pressure on christians , it 's not about christianity . 
  it 's because he does the same to all opponents . 
  i just tried to say that . 
  nothing more . 
  but a mate told that this gazette is like a christian newspaper and that 's why they raised this topic . 
  i just thought that biased media do n't care about us , erdogan opponents and they focus on christians . 
  obviously french far-right has a problem with les pr\u00e9sidents de la r\u00e9publique ... first de gaulle , then chirac and now macron . 
  why is there a european flag outside of the georgian parliament building ? 
  thats ... kinda ... weird ... 
  i hope gay marriage will be legal in turkey too ... within the next 3 centuries . 
  i ca n't understand the logic behind that . 
  like seriously . 
  erdo\u011fan and european leaders engage in a dog fight and voila , erdogan wins the referendum . 
  european leaders and polish pm fight , and polish people vote for this wannabe virgin mary . 
  so do the magyars ... what 's wrong with these people 's reasonable judgements ... 
  i do n't understand the reason why politico.eu is such an anti-macron website . 
  take their dutch citizenships away .
