  or can he switch with merkel and become 3rd ? 
  for the record , hollande came 23rd last year . 
  i did n't understand the context . 
  were serbian gay refugees beaten by other refugees and german officials did nothing to prevent it ? 
  not only in russia . 
  sadly . 
  we are considered as mentally diseased in turkey too . 
  fun fact is homosexuality used to be accepted in the ottoman era more than modern times . 
  and lesbians were accepted even more than male homosexuality . 
  homoeroticism was common too . 
  i do n't know what the fuck happened to us in the 19th century and we turned into homophobic assholes . 
  no i mean any chance that keeps cdu away from power and makes schulz bundeskanzler . 
  is there any possibility for spd to form a government ? 
  i did both when i heard it . 
  when i was in high school the teacher of literature wanted me to write book suggestions for the high school magazine . 
  i wrote couple of scientific books alongside bilgiyle sohbet of celal \u015eeng\u00f6r . 
  when magazine was finally published all of my book suggestions were there except bilgiyle sohbet . 
  i was so pissed off that i went to speak with school principal . 
  he said that he * had to * exclude that book because he got an order from ankara provincial directorate of national education . 
  they forced him to exclude that book because celal \u015eeng\u00f6r is a ** communist . 
  ** i was like '' hassikktiiiiiiiirrrrr '', 
  i am a turk . 
  i can smell corruption . 
  your government deceives you so badly . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6nikz8/turkey_totally_unknown_local_journalist_yeliz/dkalkk7/ ) is an article from reuters . 
  here are the details from reuters :  turkish authorities detained the editor of a regional newspaper over a column she wrote criticising the government for exaggerating the importance of last year 's coup attempt , the newspaper said . 
   yeliz koray , editor of the kocaeli koz newspaper in the northwestern province of izmit , was detained at her home late on saturday , the newspaper said . 
   ** `` certain groups were bothered by the piece and made koray a target . 
  they wanted to lynch koray for her writing , which is part of the right of freedom of expression , '' ** the newspaper said on its website on sunday . 
   in a column entitled `` i 'll eat your epic '' , koray criticised the government for what she said was an overemphasis on the events of july 15 last year , saying it paled in significance next to world war i and major battles in turkish history . 
   she said the government had not done enough to expose what happened on the night , when rogue soldiers commandeered tanks and planes in an attempt to topple erdogan . 
  some 250 people were killed , many of them unarmed civilians . 
   no one was immediately available for comment at the paper or at the local prosecutor 's office . 
   hundreds of thousands of turks rallied to mark the anniversary of last year 's failed coup in an outpouring of mass support for president tayyip erdogan that lay bare the divisions of a society riven by widespread purges . 
   in the aftermath of the putsch , some 150,000 people have been sacked or suspended from jobs in the civil service and private sector and more than 50,000 were detained for alleged links to the putsch , including local members of rights groups such as amnesty international . 
   the purge , which has led to the detention of many journalists and caused the closure of some 130 media outlets , has alarmed turkey 's western allies and rights groups , who say erdogan is using the coup as a pretext to muzzle dissent . 
   the new york-based committee to protect journalists calls turkey the world 's biggest jailer of journalists , with some 160 detained . 
   the government says the measures are necessary due to the gravity of the threats it faces . 
  omfg you push the boundaries of logic . 
  that 's the most illogical thing i 've ever heard . 
  greek cypriots are european but turkish cypriots are n't . 
  huh . 
  so the eu members are included by default but the eu candidates are not ... ok . 
  then title must be '' eurozone flags '' or '' european union flags '' . 
  nice designs but kinda dissappointed not to see turkish flag there . 
  if it 's about 100 % geography then why cyprus is there ? 
  if it 's about politics why do n't we have turkey and caucasian countries ? 
  i mean they have nice flags . 
  but if you say '' it 's not about geography or politics , dude . 
  i designed whatever i want . 
  leavemealone '' then im ok with it dude . 
  edit : for turkish flag something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l30jxty.png ) would be good . 
  it 's not a big deal . 
  people will always be fucking stupid . 
  the thing is keeping them away from power . 
  what is worse than stupid people is the stupid people in power . 
  majority of stupid people is very dangerous and you can easily see the consequences of it by observing the miserable situation of the turkish secular minority that i also am a part of . 
  do n't be a minority and invade the streets as long as you can . 
  we did n't give up during gezi park protests in 2013 and even today it 's traumatic for akp . 
  do n't let it happen . 
  you still have a chance . . and a eu membership . 
  use it . 
  do n't end up as * turkey that is a member of eu * . 
  what she wrote is a treason in your point of view . 
  but it reflects what is in mind of millions of erdo\u011fan opponents and it 's an honor to defend her against erdo\u011fanists . 
  i 'm not gon na argue the subject of her article with you . 
  no one except erdo\u011fanists believe his fake coup . 
  real coup occured when he declared ~ ~ etat d'urgence ~ ~ state of emergency . 
  here 's the son of mayor and his tweet that he shows journalist as a target : https://twitter.com/ikaraosmanoglu/status/886112590363078657, 
  well keep burying your head in the sand . 
  watch this video of an akp mp 's son that makes all the polices get in line before himself . 
  akp members act like roman gods . 
  one must be either blind to reject this corruption or be a part of this corruption . 
  it 's not false at all . 
  here 's the son of mayor and his tweet : https://twitter.com/ikaraosmanoglu/status/886112590363078657 i do n't know if you 're a turk or not , but this is how things go on in turkey . 
  son of mayor gives the order . 
  prosecutors make them happen . 
  cnn t\u00dcrk :  local journalist of a local newspaper detained in ankara . 
  she was shown as a target after she wrote a critisizing article on her local newspaper about the anniversary of failed putsch of 15th july . 
  this shows the level of paranoia of akp . 
  sad . 
  in fact same shite goes for turkey too . 
  i want the eu cut ties with erdo\u011fan but this can give erdo\u011fan a chance for devestating remaining of his pro-democracy opponents . 
  you are right but this ca n't go on . 
  i am worried about polish people . 
  i do n't want them to live what we have been through for years . 
  turkish president directly gives orders to judges . 
  i ca n't imagine of ugly face jaroslaw kaczynski giving orders to polish judges behind the screen . 
  if polish people keep choosing these ultra religious immoral politicians they must suffer the consequences . 
  i just want to see a successful lehistan . 
  conservatives screw up everything they touch . 
  is it hard to suspend their eu membership for economic reasons ? 
  polish government 's shitpost has gone too far . 
  his daughter is hot af . 
  extremely european mercron jet, 
  is this guy ethnically german ? 
  you know what i mean . 
  like , from siebenb\u00fcrgen ? 
  everyone made fun of him but it turns out that his thoughts are really complex for media . 
  or his thoughts are not complex , just media are so fucking ignorant or hypocrite and social justice warriors are waiting somebody to make a '' scandalous '' comment and they attack no matter what .
