  but , currently , european elections are at the other extreme ... people do n't participate because they do n't feel it affects them in any way . 
  that 's how it works currently , but in a true european federation , would n't elections be less segregated ? 
  in bucharest it 's just rain . 
  i guess the carpathians , which usually keep the snow from reaching transylvania , not the other way around , actually prevented us from having to shovel this time . 
   since when do romanian politicians care about romanians ? 
  it 's not that our politicians care about us necessarily , it 's that those in western europe are even farther away from our concerns . 
  there 's also the fact that 500 million people is one heck of an electorate and it 's hard to address all of their concerns in the election campaign . 
  thing is , as stupid as it may sound , i feel way less connected to a politician far away who does n't even speak my language than i do to a romanian politician . 
  ideologically , i guess i 'd vote for alde ( the european one , not the shitty romanian copy ) , but i do n't feel like i can ... relate ... to its leaders . 
  this is , in my opinion , the biggest issue with the idea of pan-european democracy . 
  why would a belgian give a shit about me , a random guy from bucharest ? 
  how would i be able to hold him accountable ? 
  there was a somewhat similar [ case ] ( http://static4.libertatea.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/6-ciomu-01-1024x768.jpg ) in romania 13 years ago . 
  this guy , naum ciomu , was a very respected surgeon and professor at the faculty of medicine of the university of bucharest , and somehow * managed * to chop a dude 's penis into pieces for no reason whatsoever , even though he 'd performed the exact same surgery a thousand times beforehand . 
  media ( and students ) speculated he took the blame to cover up for somebody else . 
  he went to prison and saw his professional reputation and everything he 'd accomplished to that point go down the drain . 
  now , this is even more horrible and i have to say it 's pretty fucked up . 
  edit : never mind , after reading the article , it 's the kid 's dad fault . 
  let 's not forget the role of the church in persecuting him for his discoveries . 
  christianity set europe back a few hundred years . 
  instead of trying to make the world a better place , we were too busy fighting each other and fighting muslims in the crusades . 
  i 've been a member of reddit for about a month . 
  i 've been a leftist for way , way longer than that . 
   as far as i know abortion is legal in hungary i was talking more about the general right-wing culture in your countries . 
  i 'm perhaps too familiar with hungarian rightists and i see a certain similarity between them and polish rightists . 
  ok . as far as i know , abortion is already illegal in poland . 
  no wonder you get along with the hungarians . 
  you support a party that semi-illegalized the morning after pill , my dude . 
  if you ask me ( and pretty much anyone sane ) , pis voters are the problem with poland , not po ones . 
  exactly the same lol . 
  i felt like a 13 year old . 
  1,70 m `` tall '' here , quite short for guys ( all my friends are taller than me , but not by , like , a whole lot ) , but i know lots of girls shorter than me , so it 's all good . 
  titanic and the first two home alone movies . 
  it 's a tradition to have them on tv around the holidays/new year 's eve . 
  handball , hands down , when it comes to team sports . 
  tennis is also up there , probably also gymnastics , but only once every 4 years . 
  he 's just german . 
  kinda . 
  i watched some games this past season ( they 're on tv on a sports channel i regularly watch ) . 
  change the name and we 're good , since our football will always reign supreme here . 
  yes , but only the coasts exist for us . 
  religion - absolutely not , i 'm as atheist as they come ( but i was baptized in an orthodox church because my family do care about this shit , i 'm the outlier ) food - kinda , but i try to eat healthy and exercise , and romanian food is not ... that healthy fashion - not at all , i buy shit from the mall ( zara , bershka , polo etc ) gestures - eeeh , yeah , here is why i fall in line , mostly i 'm not sure if i can call myself culturally romanian at this point , to be honest . 
  i 'm a socially liberal atheist who pretty much always votes against the current . 
   oh yeah , this is the version where the states still exist . 
  even if you were to divide europe up in some different way , people would still think `` oh , that region is * romanian * '' . 
  jack sparrow . 
  people would probably vote in their own state 's interest , like voting for someone just because he 's romanian/slovakian/portuguese and so on , i suppose things like international football , separate participation at the olympics , eurovision would still occur , which would keep `` regional '' identities alive etc. 
  in a federation , a healthy dose of * civic * nationalism is exactly what is needed in order to forge a common identity and , thus , ensure unity . 
  i 'm not sure it would be beneficial in the case of europe , though . 
  so many nations with so much great history . 
  i find it very hard to believe nationalism would just dissipate if we were to federalize . 
  i think people would still behave like the old borders were intact for at least a generation after federalization , in many ways . 
  a very orthodox vampire gypsy working abroad . 
  g y p s i e s, 
  nobody watches state tv here , and private stations are indeed cancerous , but they 're pretty much split between pro-psd channels , like antena 3 or romania tv ( which is * by far * the worst one , at least a3 has a couple quality , non political shows ) and pro-pnl/usr channels , like realitatea or digi 24 . 
  psd has n't ever pressured realitatea or digi like orban does with the press there . 
  having said that , i agree that with a 2/3 majority , they 'd probably act out a lot more . 
  that would allow them to modify the constitution by themselves , ffs . 
  i loved your eurovision entry this year , very underrated . 
  i even voted for it once in the final . 
  and you have n't managed to stop them from doing what they 're doing . 
  i 'm not saying fidesz is n't legitimately supported by ~ 50 % of the hungarian public , it is , and it wins elections fairly , but * in power * , it has the tendency to enact authoritarian measures which the people who vote for them actually support , because if they do n't , in their minds they 're playing the games of soros/brussels/globalists what have you . 
  psd are populistic ( but they 're leftist , at least economically ; they enacted a lot of socialist economic policies in these few months ) and they do have their personal crusade against kovesi ( who 's actually romanian , her surname is lascu , she just married a hungarian ) specifically and the dna in general , but apart from that , they do n't buy out tv stations through affiliated oligarchs , they do n't change electoral laws to put themselves at an advantage , they do n't close universities at random and so on . 
  also , they do n't antagonze brussels like orban does . 
  psd are pretty bad , but they 're nowhere near as undemocratic as orban . 
  on top of that , when they did try to pull shit , we protested in the hundreds of thousands and managed to stop them . 
  our country is rated 84 in the freedom house report , yours is rated 76 . 
  we are not the ones singled out for authoritarian drifts , on the contrary , we 're being praised for our anti-corruption efforts . 
  stop the whataboutism . 
  maybe if you do n't want us being `` concerned '' about your democracy , stop acting like fucking russia lite and stop electing populist demagogues and closing universities at random . 
  jobbik has already caused enough problems in ardeal , if i 'm not mistaken , a few of their members are even prohibited from ever entering romanian territory again . 
  check my flair , mate . 
  trump is not a pro-russian puppet . 
  he 's an isolationist at heart . 
  he initially wanted to fix things up with russia , in order for him to be able to focus on internal things without external ones popping up from time to time . 
  he quickly realized things are more complicated than that , so he `` changed his mind '' about nato and now is more distant towards russia . 
  i 'm willing to admit obama 's handling of the issue was n't the most inspired , but healthcare reform is needed in the us and trumpcare is ... not that good . 
  i miss obama , as an outside observer . 
  with trump you feel like you do n't know what to expect . 
  as in , what , him being a `` centre-left soc-dem '' ? 
  xd i 'm a centre-left dude myself , i see nothing wrong with that . 
  no , but i think you 'll go down a few positions . 
  the index is fine , i can confirm it 's pretty accurate for my country , too , though i imagine we 'll overtake hungary in this year 's index . 
  trump has clear authoritarian tendencies , though . 
  i have n't seen that from a us president up until now . 
  unfortunately the hungarian left is absolutely wonderful , except for the fact that it 's entirely missing , to quote a famous romanian satirist , 
  jobbik is way more dangerous than orban . 
  orban 's basically all talk . 
  jobbik is n't . 
  well , the hungarians had no sympathy for the romanians living in transylvania , whom they deemed as `` dirty peasants '' , not deserving of any rights . 
  this is a memory that still lingers on , and is one of the main causes of our unwillingness to give them anything more . 
  it 's basically payback , as petty as it sounds . 
  the average romanian hates hungary . 
  as / u/slacker25 said , romania is a nation-state that primarily cares about ethnic romanians . 
  we did what we thought was best for our nation , and we won transylvania by fighting for it . 
  now , the region is 80 % romanian , so it 's way too late for any of that . 
   why not just move the border to be accurate with the population ? 
  because romanians were about 60 % of the population , and hungarians about 30 % ... all good thus far , you 'd say , but there were romanian villages right next to hungarian villages right next to german villages all over transylvania , with no clear cut border . 
  a proper partition of transylvania would 've been impossible , but you also have to understand that transylvania had been at the center of our national agenda for about 50 years at that point , and we were n't gon na give it up . 
  we seized the opportunity , with hungary weakened , and we attacked full force .
