to quite / pol / ( which brings me no pleasure ) shut it down, 
  yes , but `` rus '' is also common in transylvania . 
  seems legit . 
  i 'd say it 's common everywhere , really . 
  i 'm from bucharest and i know people with that surname . 
  damn , someone 's mad . 
  he put da hand deeeepah, 
  we do n't know either . 
  no , because we hate you for a reason . 
  do n't you ever get tired of being the most universally hated nation among all eastern bloc countries ? 
  a sad day for europe and for all the balkans . 
  but remember , you ca n't sue for copyright , we formed after the byzantine empire fell !, 
  that 's ... dumb . 
  i 'm a leftist and i still find this shit interesting . 
  i 'm sorry , but why ? 
  i personally find them very interesting . 
  that makes a lot of sense , but it 's also so ironic . 
  so the turks are genetically european ? 
  ok , they are our burden . 
  is this better ? 
  it 's frankly all you 're gon na get ( you as in , westerners who think they know better than us when it comes to this issue ), 
  if they did n't steal shit abroad and did n't ruin our image , if they at least tried to integrate and they would stop commiting crimes here , as well , we would consider them romanians . 
  as things stand , they 're doing way , way more harm than good for our country . 
  well , they refuse to integrate and , on top of that , they ruin our reputation abroad . 
  forgive me for the lack of compassion . 
  why the hysterical laughter ? 
  what do you think slovaks are ? 
  see , this is a tricky question , cause us europeans tend to think nationality = ethnicity in most cases . 
  most of our countries are based on the dominant ethnic groups that inhabit them . 
  gypsies do n't quite `` fit in '' anywhere . 
  relevant thing is that they do n't present themselves as gypsies to the outside world in any meaningful way . 
  these things are hard to quantify ; all i know is that i 've had no gypsy classmates , i have no gypsy colleagues at uni , but i do have colleagues and friends who * could pass as gypsies but they identify as romanians and are exactly like us * . 
  you know , all romanians have that friend everyone calls `` tiganu '' when he actually is n't one , right ? 
  that 's my `` source '' . 
  those that left their traditional lifestyle entirely also assimilated to such an extent that their grandkids and so on do n't even know they 're gypsies . 
  those that are still `` gypsies '' to this day are the ones who kept their culture , at least to an extent . 
  real life , my dude . 
  yes . 
  most of those that are decent deny their origins and claim they are romanians . 
  that should make you think . 
   there is a share that have the same lifestyle like the common romanian citizen yes , and those tend to present themselves as romanians ... 
  so , they were still gypsies and raised as such , meaning they were not culturally european . 
  there 's nothing `` european '' about the way most gypsies live their lives . 
  it 's not all about genes . 
  what i meant was that , while gypsies and romanians did mix together , the kids who resulted from such relationships were n't raised as romanians , since that would mean social suicide for the father . 
  i would literally die laughing if the tories fucked this up . 
  it would be unbearably funny . 
  as did very many romanians of his generation , including countless artists , intellectuals and so on . 
  those were the times , we ca n't judge these people by today 's standards . 
  gypsies never mixed with romanians . 
  they lived on the outskirts or on monastery grounds . 
  the kids that were born from such relationships were trated as gypsies , not romanians . 
  culturally , even though most gypsies do have some romanian ancestry , they 're not european . 
  most romanians are a mix of slavic and balkanic genes . 
  migratory tribes , such as the avars or the cumans , played a relatively minor role in our ethnogenesis . 
  slovak is an ethnicity . 
  slovakia is a nation-state . 
  gypsies from slovakia are slovakian citizens , but not `` slovaks '' . 
  so you 're claiming gypsies are european , now ? 
  even though they 're a nomadic people who speak a language related to hindu and have many traditions that are linked with traditions of other groups of people from the indian subcontinent . 
  following the same line of thought , white people are indigenous to the americas , but i have a feeling you wo n't agree with that . 
  i mean , i think he knows . 
  he 's the most german looking motherfucker i 've ever seen . 
  all of cluj looks better than that , what are you on . 
  gypsies live like that anywhere they are , reagrdless of the host nation . 
  i agree pata rat is an awful place to live , but it 's an exception , most gypsies do n't live in conditions as bad as those . 
  you 're making it seem like all gypsy neighborhoods look like that . 
  we need to defend ourselves given our strategic position . 
  if we were to be friends with russia , as you suggest , we 'd become ex-communist autocracy no 45 . 
  u/anarchisto is presenting a gypsy neighborhood as `` our people '' , that tells you all you need to know . 
  that 's a gypsy neighborhood , by the way . 
  cluj looks way , way better than that . 
  you 're a mexican , dude . 
  that 's an insult in and of itself . 
  what separates the gallicians from the portuguese , in your opinion ? 
  i ask because one is a `` spanish culture '' and the other an independent nation . 
  i can actually understand around 70 % of written spanish . 
  our language is weird , which makes it hard for you to understand it , but we have absolutely no issues learning spanish or catalan or italian in , like , 6 months . 
  after 1 year , most romanians are almost native , which is why there are so many of us in spain lol . 
  i 'm sorry , but spain is such a special case . 
  it 's the balkans of western europe , in that there are so many subtle tensions and so many ethnicties and stuff . 
  catalan is classified as a separate language , while andalusians speak castillian natively , which is why i tend to group andalusians as castillians . 
  i was n't there , i 'm just a politics geek lol . 
  sanders undoubtebly had a passionate base , come on . 
  there 's a desire for change in american politics that materialized itself through trump . 
  i 'm not gon na lie , i would 've voted sanders , but that 's not why i make this claim . 
  new roman empire it is , then . 
  i actually like spain , but i find it hard not to sympathize with the catalans , especially since they 're peaceful in their demands and they want a referendum , so they want to make sure it 's what the people of their region actually want . 
  also , romanians have lived under the rule of different empires for most of our history . 
  generations of romanian intellectuals have fought for our right to self determination . 
  no you do n't , or else you would 've included them in your initial statement . 
  where do you even draw the line ? 
  i come from a romance speaking country myself , i demand spanish citizenship , cousin !, 
  i 'm 85 % certain he would have . 
  sanders had a passionate base comparable to trump 's . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but you and i both know castillians are viewed as the `` default '' spaniards , so i meant different from castillians . 
  if the catalans and the castillians are n't different , even though their languages are unintelligible , then i , as a person from another romance speaking country , am a long lost cousin of the castillians and i demand spanish citizenship . 
  voted in 1978 , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  yeah , i absolutely think they should have a referendum despite your constitution . 
  it 's absolutely absurd for spain to be an `` indivisible '' state , given its many ethnicties .
