  it was quite funny . 
  yes you do . 
  look on your id , what does it say ? 
  `` citizen of the world '' ? 
  in the eu , hopefully still retaining some of its sovreignty , growing ~ 3-4 % every year , hopefully with this growth we 'll manage to reduce emigration . 
  moldova is three times poorer than romania . 
  annexing moldova would generate enormous costs that would cripple the romanian economy , at a time when we 've overtaken croatia and are finally catching up to the baltics or hungary ( it 's a matter of time , probably 5 years ) . 
  on top of that , it would mean fighting a war against our brothers , many of whom are brainwashed by cold war-era russian propaganda . 
  i suspect most romanians would choose to attack hungary . 
  not saying it 's a good thing , i 'm saying it 's what would happen . 
  probably hungary , because they 're our natural enemy . 
  netflix . 
  could n't live without it , honestly . 
  i was thinking about subscribing to hbo for game of thrones , but naaah . 
  i 'll jack sparrow it for yet another season . 
  mildly . 
  for us it 's mainly `` is it football ? ... `` no '' ... 
  `` is it at least handball ? '' ... `` no '' ... 
  `` are we good at it ? '' ... `` no '' ... 
  `` then we do n't give a shit '' . 
  i 'd say f1 is one of the few exceptions to this , since i know two people who actually care and the two biggest sports channels broadcast every race , though it 's not incredibly popular or anything . 
  ok , so i was born in april 1996 , but i think most romanians older than me would agree the 90s were a shitty , unstable and full of corruption decade . 
  our entire industry was sold for scraps , our gdp shrunk by 30 % ( we were poorer than moldova , the country , at one point ) , extremely large scale protests and even quasi-coup attempts , like the [ mineriads ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mineriad ) ... but , despite all of that , it was also a decade of incredible optimism . 
  it was still heaps better than life under ceausescu . 
  people bought newspapers by the kilogram , old people who lived their entire lives under communism learned what the term `` opposition '' meant , private television channels were being established , at the 1992 legislative elections , there were almost 200 parties contesting the seats . 
  there was an incredible desire for freedom , which has since been lost . 
  since the year 2000 , we 've grown a lot , but we 've also become a lot more apathetic . 
  however , romania still has a pretty decent protest culture . 
  i 'd say 2/3 of urban youth has smoked at some point , but our parents ' generation still thinks it causes addiction . 
  shows the difference between those who lived their entire lives under democracy and those who were born and lived their childhoods under ceausescu . 
  and you would be correct . 
  no , but i have dated a girl who 's an ethnic hungarian from romania . 
  she 's a student in bucharest , so speaks romanian with almost no accent . 
  i 'm not sure if it counts . 
  i have bbc world news , if it counts . 
  i 'm subscribed to telekom 's satellite service . 
  yes and no . 
  yes because of recent history , and absolutely not because of history in general . 
  we were at eachother 's throats for our entire history , until ww2 came , we realized another pan-continental war would likely mean the end of the world as we know it and we decided no more . 
  so it 's not cooperation for the sake of cooperation , it 's cooperation in order to ensure our survival . 
  depends on the quality of the product you use , i guess . 
  not all people who use that stuff are `` orange '' , but trump is xd, 
  i honestly think artifical tans are way worse . 
  i mean , trump obviously uses this sort of stuff , and he 's orange . 
  for my generation ( i was born in april ' 96 ) , andrei is by far the most popular . 
  by far . 
  like 1/3 of the people my age i know are named andrei/andreea . 
  for kids born nowadays , the names are more unconventional and less traditionally romanian . 
  i know a kid named konrad , for instance . 
  this . 
  more accurate for me would be `` how passive aggressive turks become when i mention that subject '' . 
  i burned some of your towers in assassin 's creed , hope you do n't mind . 
  dude , i 'm pale as fuck . 
  i burn . 
  i stay away from that kinda shit . 
  i like to go to the beach , but i tend to stay as covered as possible , swim , and enjoy the ... view . 
  but the day after is never fun . 
  i found out i have a bit of saxon in me , which i did n't know about . 
  apart from that , pretty much run of the mill romanian here . 
  though a branch of my family is catholic and nobody really knows ... why . 
  le : oh , and my aromanian great-grandmother , though we tend to consider aromanians the same as `` regular '' romanians . 
  you think that 's `` bad '' ? 
  no , they were worse-off than most other western countries , but they were not `` poor '' . 
  you do n't know what being actually poor is like , believe me . 
  i think the us will become a true force in football as soon as the current generation of latino second-generation immigrants come of age . 
  the same here . 
  girls play handball , boys play football . 
  women either play handball , tennis or practice gymnastics here . 
  football is by far the most popular sport , but up until , like , 2 years ago , nobody even knew we had a women 's football team . 
  in 2014 , the fa elected a new president and he started marketing the women 's team , which even got close to qualifying to the european championships and filled 2/3 of cfr cluj 's stadium ( 25000 seats ) . 
  i am pro-eu , but reality is you ca n't do badly since you 're too fucking rich and you have way too much capital stored in your economy , mostly from the time when you were the biggest colonial empire in human history . 
  i 'd say italy and spain more than the other two . 
  when i visited italy , i felt right at home . 
  also helps i could get the gist of what they were saying with almost no problems . 
  you 're kinda right . 
  although , poland 's case is special in that you guys received a lot of our gypsies in the 90s and you thought those were the `` romanians '' . 
  well , i 'm not . 
  we already have nato and i * still * believe in self-determination of peoples . 
  you probably would n't have said that 15 years ago . 
  we 've grown a lot since then . 
  unfortunately , our reputation has n't grown with our economy . 
   gdp is pointless if it 's not wisely invested . 
  what you want is hdi which is climbing far slower . 
  i agree but , still , there 's a noticeable increase in living standards over here . 
  the average monthly wage is 2.5 times bigger now than it was in 2006 . 
  we 're soon gon na catch up to hungary , which was miles ahead of us in the 1990s . 
   `` hurrr , i love the eu as long as they give me free money , fuck democracy and socialism ! '', 
  i 'm not that much of a fan of socialism , but i am skeptical of some areas of the eu precisely because i love democracy . 
  many people want it to become one . 
  as i said , economically speaking , the eu has pretty much doubled my country 's gdp . 
  we went from 0.750 hdi in 2006 to 0.802 in 2017 . 
  i never disputed that , and i 'm very much pro-eu , * as long as there is n't talk of federalization * . 
  i mean , financial benefits are good , but the existence of my country is more important to me . 
  i 'm from romania . 
  my country has grown a whole lot since we 've entered into the eu , but we 're still seen as broke-ass gypsies by some western europeans and it has fed a local brand of euroscepticism ... `` we have no pride !, 
  we should exit the eu , rather than be called names '', 
   i agree that vienna is an awesome place , but it 's foundation is the exploitation and terror on a good part of other central and eastern europeans well , we would know a thing or two about that . 
  you know what those exploited romanians in austria-hungary were asking for ? 
  language rights , the right to a national identity . 
  i agree the eu has done a lot of good for my country , but it should not be at the sake of our sovreignty .
