  you do n't know shit about what it 's like to be a romanian abroad , mate . 
  yeah , i do have a `` chip on my shoulder '' . 
  i 'm willing to bet irish catholics distrusted american protestants also . 
  kinda ironic , considering your flair . 
  i 'm pro-eu for pragmatic reasons . 
  i do n't want a political union with those people , but our country does benefit from eu funds and the eu did play a huge role in our anti-corruption efforts . 
  which is why i chose to stay here for uni , and why i 'm probably gon na either remain here after graduating , or go to canada or someplace similar . 
  to be honest with you , i have a sort of antipathy for western europeans that 's probably not okay to have , but in my opinion , it 's justified . 
  i do n't need that crap . 
  yeah , city does have decent support . 
  i support the smaller club in my city as well ( i 'm from bucharest , steaua is the biggest club here , i support dinamo , though the disparity is not quite as big ) , so i somewhat understand them and their mentality . 
  i was merely talking about the clubs themselves , not the fans . 
  yep . 
  i had a friend who went to study in the netherlands and he told me this girl in one of his classes always put her bag away when he entered the classroom , since she probably thought he 'd steal it . 
  i 'm not the dude you replied to , but westerners generally do n't assume you 're from here if you 're white . 
  when you tell them , it 's like their brain pauses for a second and then they say `` well , but you do n't look ... '' ... that 's cause they confuse us with gypsies . 
  to be honest , i 'm bloody tired of it , which is why i barely interact with westerners anymore . 
  you know why , you just do n't want to say it out loud ; the netherlands are n't exactly a friend of our country , or of eastern europe , in general . 
  keep in mind i 'm talking about the government , not the people themselves , but the netherlands the country has always been one of our biggest opponents inside the eu . 
  city has been better on the pitch these past few years , yes , but united are a behemoth of a club with countless trophies , legendary players , probably the best manager in football history as their symbol ... city have a history of being a mid-table club , at best , with brief periods of glory , still not comparable to the 25 years united has pretty much dominated english football . 
  the only reason city are even in the equation today is cause of petro-dollars . 
  edit : heck , city are a way smaller club than liverpool , also . 
  that 's genuinely like saying rayo vallecano is the biggest club in madrid . 
  well , the dna kinda got its current powers by accident , or rather , by a series of accidents and ( un ) fortunate events . 
  if we were to rely solely on the will of the system to reform itself , we 'd be exactly in the position you 're in currently . 
  the_dahnald has an obsession with us , we would n't even notice them if they did n't keep brigading here . 
  keep it up bros !, 
  if you want , we can share kovesi with you . 
  you 're like my ex-girlfriend . 
  she 'd always go like `` that 's not pink , that 's fucsia '' or whatever color she came up with . 
  dude provoked this reaction from me . 
  i 'm actually an admirer of ataturk and felt sad when `` yes '' won , i really hoped `` no '' would win , but claiming romanians are n't genetically europeans really pushed my buttons , especially coming from a people who ... have about as much to do with being genetically european as the kurds . 
  so yeah . 
  i 'm not proud of my reaction , i apologize for calling him what i called him , but it really angered me . 
  exactly . 
  putinbots always like to point out there are opposition parties in the duma . 
  it 's like ... no , mate , those are splinter factions of united russia . 
  of course they know that , but they 're paid to play dumb on websites frequented by people from the west . 
  i dread to think what runet is like . 
  i 'm a hawks fan , right now is not the best time to be around there , i reckon xd, 
  `` the enemy of our enemy is our friend '' , my man , 
  imagine being a romanian who watches the nhl . 
  nobody around me even bloody knows a single player . 
  no , as religious as romania xd we 're quite religious here , though ... in a secular way . 
  we 're not about to establish a theocracy . 
  if it makes you feel better , we over here in romania consider the baltics a model of successful post-communist transition , plus you share our distaste for russia . 
  the us is a very cool country , as you can notice by me speaking their language almost natively , i 've consumed a great deal of american media ... it 's their politics i wholeheartedly disagree with . 
  we should n't legitimize trump by playing into his traps . 
  hey , they may not be close to catching up to you , but we are !, 
  that was inconcievable 25 years ago . 
  yay ? 
  ukrainians are bros  romania 's always here for you against the russians . 
  we know how it feels when russia grabs a piece of your country . 
  where the fuck have you seen romanians that `` look brown '' ? 
  [ compared ] ( https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/romania-trinidad-tobago-romanian-national-team-image-beginning-friendly-football-match-bucharest-th-june-31476516.jpg ) to [ you ] ( http://hdwallpaperbackgrounds.net/wp-content/uploads/2016/08/turkey-national-football-team-wallpapers-3.jpg ) , we 're bloody norwegians , mate . 
  yes , we have a significant proportion of italic and indigenous balkan genes , hence why most of us have hazel eyes , but we 're clearly more caucasian than you . 
  we 're 200 per capita dollars `` poorer '' than them and i just showed you why that does n't make any difference , but sure , thanks , dad . 
  i seriously , honestly think even our gypsies are more ethnically european than the turks , given that they have a significant drop of romanian blood in them . 
  ethnic romanians are a romance people who speak an indo-european language . 
  the only drop of blood that 's not `` european '' in us is turkic admixture , quelle surprise . 
  so yeah , it is what it is . 
  this does n't make us `` better '' , what makes us better is that we 're a secular christian nation with a functional democracy which scored 84/100 in the freedom in the world index , as opposed to turkey , which scored 38/100 before the referendum . 
  we have our problems but they 're nothing compared to yours . 
  yes , but given that we 're in the european single market and have visa-free access to all european countries , plus countries like canada , australia and so on , we 're better off . 
  also , we 're projected to overtake them in the next few years . 
  like , what , 3 % of it is in europe ? 
  the people themselves totally are n't . 
  ataturk is spinning in his grave . 
  poor visionary , preaching to a people who do n't understand him . 
  like it or not , we 're actually an ethnically european people who inhabit an area fully in europe , we 're a functional democracy , a member of the eu and richer than you per capita . 
  so no , i do n't really think so . 
  we actually borrowed the religion of the eastern part of the empire , while being the descendants of colonists from the western part who intermarried with autochtonous peoples . 
  do n't get me wrong , i love britain and its contribution to the eu is undeniable , but you 're never been fully in the union , have you ? 
  it 's better for us to part ways but still be civil . 
  aaand ... you 're a poster in the_drumpf . 
  color me shocked . 
  the us is a big-ass country . 
  it has areas that are about as religious as romania and areas that are about as religius as czechia ( e.g. 
  alabama and seattle ) . 
  it 's not as clear-cut as you presented it . 
  americans voted for trump ( well , they technically did ) . 
  for as long as he 's president , i 'm gon na associate them with him . 
  absolutely . 
  i really envy you czechs . 
  you 're the most western former eastern bloc country in terms of mentality . 
  am i wrong for not wanting to trade with this orange baboon ? 
  democratic ... erdogan ... pick one . 
  no , the eu simply has to close all its communication channels with turkey apart from the most basic ones . 
  it 's a country that has nothing whatsoever to do with europe and that absolutely produces more harm than good when it is included in things . 
  it belongs in the middle east . 
  also , it loses a constant pain in the ass , so i guess it evens out . 
  the brits have always been special snowflakes . 
  this exactly . 
  no more `` waahhh wahhh '' at every summit . 
  or at least not as much . 
  yes ... finally somebody understands hungary . 
  we 've had to deal with them for the past 100 years . 
  actually , natural conditions in the prahova valley are up there with the best , it 's just that the infrastructure is shit . 
  if i recall correctly , brasov considered placing a bid to host the winter olympics . 
  true .
