  you also have n't replied to my question about the basques . 
  they 're not romance speaking , they 're their own thing , and yet their legal status under your constitution is the same as that of the catalans . 
  do you consider that to be fair ? 
  hey , it 's democratically voted !, 
   galician , castillian , andalousian or extremaduran what about the basques ? 
  or the portuguese ? 
  it 's perfectly fine for you to think that , it 's your right , but it 's not your right to impose your will upon others . 
  let the catalans have their referendum , see who wins and that 'll be that . 
  i guess you and i view things differently , then . 
  trump 's victory was a statistical anomally . 
  the polls were actually right , nationwide , with clinton at ~ 48 % and trump at ~ 46.5 % . 
  it 's just that trump won a number of key states by , like , 1 % , due to the fact that his base was better mobilised . 
  throw in a better , more relateable and more clean candidate than hillary clinton , and that wo n't happen . 
  yeah , i think the gop will keep the rust belt for the forseeable future , but they wo n't keep pennsylvania . 
  cruise ? 
  even if you 're a supporter of his , he barely won in 2016 and he polls worse now . 
  let me get this straight , as an outsider : do you agree with the notion that catalans are a separate ethnicity , or not ? 
  if you do , how come they do n't get a right to self determination ? 
  are you actually saying catalans are n't a distinct ethnicity ? 
  valencians speak catalan , my friend . 
  spain is an artifical construction , a country of countries . 
  if one of those constituent countries expresses its desire to leave spain , it should be fucking allowed to , especially since spain is way too centralized for what it actually is . 
  i like spaniards , i actually do , but this arrogance you 're exhibiting only solidies my view that the catalans are in the right here . 
  they simply need to get a better candidate than hillary . 
  sanders would 've won against trump . 
  a proper charismatic moderate democrat and it 'll be a walk in the park . 
  they 're not , valencians are simply catalans that actually want to stay with spain , and that 's fine , it 's their right . 
  that that does not , in any way , discredit the desire of the catalans from catalonia to establish their own sovereign state . 
  if the polls at 39 % now ( for context , this is what w bush used to poll at in , like , 2007 , so in the final year of his second term , and we 're talking about bush ... lowest obama ever polled at was 49 % ) , he 'll probably poll around 25 % come 2020 , provided something significant does n't happen in the meantime . 
  we tend to know more about spain than the average european , since we have a pretty sizeable community there . 
  that 's a bit like an abusive husband trying to force his wife to stay by all means necessary , is it not ? 
  dude , he has 39 % approval ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/203198/presidential-approval-ratings-donald-trump.aspx ) and he 's in the * first year * of his first term , for crying out loud . 
  this is supposed to be his honey moon . 
  this man discredits everything you believe in . 
  the democrats will win in 2020 if he keeps this course . 
  it 's funny how this sub works , though : bring up anything about scotland , `` they deserve to be free !, 
  '' ... bring up anything about you guys , and you probably know a lot better than me what happens . 
  for what it 's worth , i always take your side in these debates , mainly because my nation has gone through similar things . 
  do n't confuse me for a hardcore neoliberal , but trump is like a pubescent boy trapped in an elderly man 's body . 
  he 's a disgrace to the office he occupies in so many ways , it 's not even funny . 
  how the fuck does that even work in their minds ? 
  is it due to franco era propaganda , or what ? 
  it 's probably due to their real life complexes . 
  they live vicariously through him . 
  damn , i fucking hate this argument . 
  the catalans are a nation in every sense of the word : language , culture , shared destiny ... they are separate from castillians . 
  how come castillians get to decide when it comes to the catalans ? 
  why do n't the hungarians get to decide whether romanians in transylvania will be given any rights , then ? 
  it 's the same thing , `` muh legality '' . 
  this guy is completely unlikeable . 
  remind me why he has so many loyal followers again ? 
  is that so , faysal ? 
  you can interact all you want , but you should probably tell your conservative friends to stop brigading every thread remotely related to immigrants ... `` muh swedistan '' etc. 
  this was at its peak during the french elections . 
  and , btw , they lost . 
  what are you even doing here ? 
  it 's our sub . 
  most of you are from the_drumpf , anyway . 
  westerners also tend to think romanians and bulgarians are the same , aka gypsies . 
  i just pray the same thing wo n't happen to west ham . 
  their fans are the best in london , in my honest opinion . 
  them and tottenham . 
  tottanham are on the verge of moving and west ham have already moved . 
  capitalism ruining football , man . 
  greeks are bros and , plus , they 've had interactions with us during our history and they have `` vlachs '' there , too . 
  it 's not the same . 
  spanish people are bros. . you 're latin , you 're not distant like the dutch , 
  i support the `` underdog club '' in my city . 
  i can relate to the city fans . 
  i just think united are a bigger club , and the facts prove it . 
  the have more trophies , more top 4 finishes , they 've been more consistent , the manchester derby record is clearly in their favor etc. 
  city do have the better fans , though , or at least they did , before they got bought . 
  not etihad feels just as plastic as old trafford does . 
  you should probably follow the example of the bundesliga , since it 's a damn shame . 
  english fans used to be so passionate . 
  it 's funny how we have n't exactly been the best of friends in our history , but entering the eu together has made us pals . 
  i explained in a comment a little more down the chain : city have a lot of fans , but the club itself is significantly smaller than the likes of man u , liverpool or arsenal . 
  it 's not there yet and , as a football purist , it probably wo n't ever be , in my eyes , since they bought their success . 
  to be completely honest , it 's gotten a bit better . 
  but we 're still being confused with gypsies left , right and center . 
  it 's why we tend to stick together and hang out with other easterners , especially bulgarians , when we 're abroad . 
  i mean , the gypsies who cause trouble should leave , but romanians who actually work for their money have all the right to be there and they do benefit your economy as well . 
  it 's just that we tend to stick together . 
  most romanians i know abroad hang out with other romanians , with greeks , with bulgarians . 
  we view westerners as distant and less cordial than us . 
  north america in general is a breath of fresh air since we tend to blend in and you do n't think less about our country since you barely know anything about it lol . 
  it 's not about cultural similarity , or at least it 's not when it comes to us romanians . 
  it 's fucking thinly veiled racism towards gypsies aimed at us since they think romania comes from roma . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  we could be the tech capital of the world and they 'd still dislike us . 
  it 's easy for you to say . 
  lots of young people from around here have the same attitude , `` we go there to earn a living , but we do n't actually like them '' . 
  depends on what you mean by `` better '' . 
  will we ever be positively viewed ? 
  it 's probably gon na take decades . 
  i meant western europeans . 
  if i ever leave romania for good , i 'll probably go to canada or the us . 
  canada is my top choice since i do n't need a visa and politics are less volatile . 
  i 've never been personally insulted for my nationality , but it 's always like , `` hey , you 're a nice guy from a shit place , you 're an outlier '' . 
  stop with the patronizing attitude .
