  no romanian will ever be sorry for this . 
  hungary has been our enemy for as long as we can remember . 
  yes . 
  like we had with bulgaria in dobrogea , or like greece had with turkey . 
  hungarians will never consider themselves romanians ( just like we wo n't consider them , for that matter ) , there 's a shit ton of bad blood between us , i 'd say comparable to serbia and croatia , and , like the other dude said , `` good fences make good neighbors '' . 
  the way things are these days , we still pretty much hate eachother and not only that , but we 're supposed to live together at the same time . 
  used to be quite common , then some of them got killed , and after that nearly all of them that survived left for israel . 
  now , out of several hundreds of thousands , there are only about 8000 left . 
  i do n't agree . 
  ethnic romanians were the majority there , and there already was a romanian nation state . 
  1/3 of ethnic romanians everywhere live in transylvania . 
  it simply should 've been partitioned , and then a population exchange should 've been organized . 
  dude , do you have any idea how much we 've been waiting for a new ice rink here in bucharest ? 
  :d for about a decade . 
  it was supposed to be built adjacent to the new national arena , which is our national football stadium , but it did n't receive funding . 
  if it was that , i 'd be very happy , cause that would probably mean a spike of interest in the sport and more kids trying to practice it , but alas , it 's not . 
  boys go to football pretty much exclusively , girls go to handball , tennis or gymnastics . 
  this is where our resources are allocated . 
  the municipality of bucharest spends millions of euros each year for the csm bucharest handball teams , especially female , which i approve , but did n't even manage to find funding for a decent skating rink . 
  i somewhat agree , it would 've been best for everyone in the long run . 
   there 's probably more ethnic hungarians in the romanian national team than in the actual hungarian national team yes . 
  in the two counties ( and a half ) that constitute szekelyland , hockey is by far the most popular sport . 
  in the rest of the country , it 's football and handball by a million miles , then everything else . 
  it 's how it is . 
   and speaking of your national team , i think i read that they won their division this year ? 
  yes :d but the tabloids chose to focus on the fact that some ethnic hungarian players filmed themselves while singing the szekely anthem . 
  this shit sells here . 
   finland are absolutely woeful this year !, 
  yep . 
  on the other hand , i did n't quite expect the us to beat russia . 
  not really . 
  it 's due to a lot of factors , but ceausescu certainly has n't helped . 
  i 'm ethnic romanian through and through from bucharest . 
  i just played the nhl games as a kid and got hooked , then started watching when they started airing nhl games on a sports channel that no longer exists ( sport 1 ) . 
  we now have two-three games weekly on another sports channel and i also regularly watch them . 
  the world championships are also on our national broadcaster as we speak . 
  well , canada vs finland is , i have the game running in the background , 
  hungarians . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  like 3/4 of them are also citizens of hungary . 
  nearly all of them know romanian , but some of them ( not the majority , mind you ) refuse to speak it . 
  i suppose most are chill people , minding their own business , not hating romanians , but they absolutely do n't consider themselves romanians . 
  and that 's ok , cause they are n't , but there 's a lot of historical bad blood so they 're unlikely to be given any concessions in the near to mid term future . 
  ca n't wait to see him at untold again , 
  i 'm a hockey fan so i read that as a reference . 
  i am an atheist and i believe this to be true . 
  and almost none of the people that share its values . 
  and the irish would know better than most how it is to be stigmatized , 
   do you really think you 'd be better off on your own ? 
  without the eu , we 'd be albania . 
  the question is whether the brain drain and other such things are worth it for the economic benefits . 
  agreed . 
  the east should stick together and form a common bloc . 
  our government thinks of brussels just as muslims think of mecca , let me put it that way . 
  `` the light '' used to come from the east , now it comes from our western overlords . 
  they would n't dare criticize the eu . 
  look , from my country 's perspective , our gdp has almost doubled . 
  that 's the good part . 
  economically speaking , we 're in the best position we 've ever been in , and we 're still growing ~ 4 % per year , so we have good reasons to be optimistic . 
  but , at the same time , young people are leaving the country . 
  romania in particular is used as a scapegoat by populists all across europe . 
  the question is whether all of this is worth it in the long run . 
  will we ever truly catch up to we ? 
  extremely doubtful , probably impossible . 
  we might catch up to hungary , for instance , we 've already overtaken croatia , but this is a different ballgame . 
  and i , personally , would rather romania tried to stand up for itself and its citizens , rather than accept that we 're second class citizens `` for now '' . 
  so you understand , then , why we might feel we 're colonies ? 
   you sound hostile towards us ( the west ) . 
  mate , do you have any idea how many funny looks i 've received abroad after i 've told people where i 'm from ? 
  yes , that creates antipathy . 
   vienna , brussels , strasbourg why not sofia ? 
  or ljubljiana ? 
  or bucharest ? 
  what did i tell you ? 
  our two countries are always the ones to blame , and yet people think we should be grateful for something . 
  damn , i wish we ( still ) had a fucking spine . 
   so much salt . 
  you 're damn right . 
  i 've had enough of the patronizing attitudes exhibited by brussels towards us . 
  most romanians are still extremely naive , and think the eu is helping us out of generosity . 
  our economy has grown a lot , but that 's about it . 
  and being humiliated , called names , being lumped together with turkey or russia in the `` country popularity index '' ... is it really worth it ? 
  no , most people in most we countries ( see , i do n't generalize ) confuse roma with romanians . 
  you obivously do n't , cause you know the difference , since you abusively ruled over 1/3 of our homeland for hundreds of years , but they do . 
  let me modify that . 
  * most of you * think we 're backwards gypsies anyway . 
  last time we used our veto , during the free trade negotiations with canada , you should 've read your own press . 
  we 're second class eu citizens . 
  we meet the schengen criteria , but we 're not accepted because ... the netherlands do n't want to . 
  for instance . 
  and we 're supposed to take this constant humiliation and be `` grateful '' . 
  nobody said anything about being hostile . 
  what i dislike is the holier than thou attitude exhibited by the west towards ee , when we were n't the ones to profit off of colonies and we * were * the ones that had to fight brutal wards for our independence and had to suffer under wave after wave of dictatorships during the 20th century . 
  the eu in its current form does have its benefits , though i maintain my view that we 're a simple colony . 
  nobody gives a shit what we think . 
  really ? 
  are we ? 
  cause it 's not like our politicians ever ask us anything on the matter . 
  what 's more ironic is that you 're an austrian , the bigger half of the empire that subjugated millions of romanians and prohibited them from speaking their language , but now we 're supposed to forget all that and be buddies-buddies just cause you give us money . 
  that 's what i meant by `` pride '' .
