  we should reject the money . 
  you all think we 're backwards gypsies anyway , taking your money would solidify that view , 
  my ancestors have died in the hundreds of thousands for our country ( romania ) to be independent , and now we 're supposed to willingly give our sovreignty away to brussels , to be ruled by arrogant westerners who probably see us as backwards and primitive ? 
  i know , in theory , anybody can reach the top of the political ladder , but do you truly believe the french or the germans would wan na vote for a romanian , or a pole , or a hungarian ? 
  you 're naive if you think that . 
  we 're nothing more than colonies and sources of cheap labour . 
  and as long as that continues to be our status , i 'm against all forms of federalization . 
  we , the east in general and romania in particular , have to have some pride . 
  well , you do claim an important part of their ancient history with no evidence to back your theory up whatsoever . 
  they should n't treat you * personally * like that , but the hatred of fyrom in greece does have a justification . 
  that was an exception . 
  in general , the ceausescu regime viewed women as being equal to men , and encouraged them to get into the workforce . 
  one of the very few good things they did . 
  as ashamed as i am to admit this , probably [ transylvanian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s51ycwhtgmm ) ( i 'm wallachian , from bucharest even , so it 's like admitting you like manchester as a liverpudlian ) . 
  for some reason , i think it 'd prefer this to what we have now . 
  we 're not * that * sexist ( a lot of our top politicians are women ) , but we 're overly religious , extremely homophobic and otherwise quite conservative . 
  the reason we 're not that sexist is cause the ceausescu regime promoted total equality between men and women . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , we have one of the highest rates of women in stem in the world . 
  yeah , that 's cause the entire ncaa thing is unique to the us . 
  my university has about 30000 students , i 'm a massive sports fan and i do n't even know when our `` soccer '' team plays . 
  i know we have one , but i do n't know anything more than that . 
  i imagine if i was a student in an american univeristy , it 'd be a whole different story . 
  mate , romania is as big as florida or new york . 
  we 'd be a major battleground if we were a us state . 
  it 'd be fun , though i 'd imagine we 'd be the most republican state possible . 
  thing is , we 're * much * more passionate about our teams than you are ( sorry ) . 
  we ca n't support more than one team . 
  we `` pick '' one team ( mostly it 's picked for us by our peers , our dads etc ) and that 's final . 
  `` soccer '' is a religion in most of europe , and in the few places where it 's not , hockey ( like in finland ) or basketball ( like in lithuania ) are its replacements and they 're treated exactly the same . 
  a lot of small-ish stadiums make sense because sports culture is different over here . 
  all kinds , but mostly young people and people in their 30s who have little kids they leave behind . 
  there are heartbreaking stories about those kids left with their grandparents etc all the time on the news here . 
  we 're basically the ireland of the 21st century . 
  everybody knows at least someone who works abroad . 
  oh , and we 're just as stigmatized as the irish were . 
  hopefully , with time , we 'll build up our reputation and slow down emigration , but for now ... we make due with what we have . 
  yep . 
  we do n't hate eachother and we 're aware the other exists , but that 's about it . 
  it 's something in this region . 
  though xd, 
   ordinary people will do `` operetta irredentism '' when among friends , i.e. 
  all talk , no action . 
  extremely similar here . 
  we do n't wan na go to war with hungary or anything , we just like to talk shit about them since we know it annoys them . 
  we still hate russians , tho . 
  turks are kinda cool . 
  romania only has two neighbors it 's never fought against : serbia and the black sea , 
  well , with all due respect , i do n't believe in the `` ancient macedonians '' theory either , and we have a similar thing going on with moldova . 
  identical , in fact . 
  so romanians tend to side with bulgaria here , 
  well , there are over 1 million romanians living in spain . 
  in , say , 25 years , we 'll become a proper minority . 
  there 'll be more ethnic romanians in spain than speakers of the basque language . 
  man ... we has it so chill . 
  we still hate eachothers ' guts over here . 
  i hope we never join the eurozone . 
  fuck that , i * pray * we never join it . 
  it would spell doom for us . 
  in an ideal world , moldova . 
  right now ... we 're good . 
  bucharest is a city of immigrants . 
  ceausescu took ethnic romanians from all the regions and brought them to bucharest . 
  i do n't really think this place has a specific `` culture '' to it . 
  i do n't `` love '' the eu , but i see its benefits . 
  big difference . 
  no worries , macron will win . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  cause if you interpret it using the word 's dictionary definition , an `` islamophobe '' would be an individual scared of either another individual who 's a muslim or of the islamic religion as a whole ... in which case , i reckon most people living in europe are `` islamophobes ''  and for good reason . 
  bosnia and iran before the islamic revolution are ( or , in the case of iran , were ) secular countries . 
  i 'm not sure oman is a good example , and central asian states such as uzbekistan are former soviet dictatorships in which religion does n't play a big role . 
  just like when there 's a terror attack , news outlets do n't initially name any religion or ethnic group , but we * know *, 
  i do n't think islam is compatible with western civilization . 
  i can understand italian and spanish ( i can somewhat understand them spoken , and more so written ) , i can understand written portuguese fairly well ( but not spoken ) . 
  as long as they continue to deny our rightful ownership of transylvania , i wo n't exactly consider them a friend . 
   ~ 3 % maybe in orban 's dreams lol, 
  no , it was mainly due to the fact that wallachia became the more important region in the new country . 
  yes . 
  in 1870 , bucharest had around 270000 people , while iasi had around 100000 , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  by 1900 , bucharest had close to 600000 while iasi had around 150000 . 
  by 1930 , bucharest had 1.1 million , while iasi finally reached 200000 . 
  now , bucharest has 1.9 million people in the city proper , while iasi has 300000 . 
  everything that moves in romania is controlled by bucharest , and lots of people are unhappy with this . 
  the reason for this centralization is that our constitution borrowed a lot of things from the french one , hence why we 're a `` unitary '' state and we ca n't give autonomy to the hungarians . 
  do n't get me wrong , most romanians do n't want to , but we also ca n't , legally speaking . 
  i 'm from bucharest , a city with 2.5 million people in its metropolitan area . 
  i 'm not sure how local autonomy would work for us , and plus , the city is 95 % romanian anyways . 
  mate , i never know with hungarian-romanian discussions xd, 
  that 's true . 
  i 'm reluctantly pro eu federalization , as long as individual entities keep internal autonomy at least at the level of us states . 
  but , for the time being , my country and my ethnicity are interchangeable . 
  they are for hungarians , too , hence why a lot of them choose to apply for hungarian citizenship , and that 's ok . 
  if those 2.5 counties were next to the border , they would be yours . 
  i somewhat disagree . 
  i 'd rather be romanian in a romanian nation-state than in austria-hungary ( ahem ), 
  we have a services based economy , and we 're growing at a rate of roughly 4 % per year , while you grow 0 . x % per year . 
  we 're gon na catch up to you quite soon . 
  we do n't need your industry , plus we have dacia , which is worth 8 billion euros . 
  well , they 're not meaningless to me , and i would suspect they 're not meaningless to most people . 
  being romanian is up there with being male , straight and white , for me . 
  and i initially confused the two ( i 'm romanian , perhaps obviously ) , and a few users on here called me out on it .
