  now that they can see how other nations operate their civil societies , it is only a matter of time before rights become more important to russians than riches . 
  sort of genius if you think about it , putin turned the momentum behind the critical logistics part of the arab spring ; namely , open , free , and unfettered internet discussions about politics , power , and corruption , into a political play about america spying on the world by admitting the protagonist whistleblower snowden into their country . 
  now putin has a part of the internet behind him purely for his role in that bit of history . 
  so he pivoted on that and used almost sheer guile to seize crimea , a few trillion dollars worth of real estate with built in ports and industry . 
  like he was playing a civilization v game and no one would attack him after he entered a defenseless city that was 30-40 % in his favor . 
  it would be tactless of us not to at least respect him for playing a good game . 
  that is what i 'm thinking , maybe even more than that , i sure as fuck would like to see germany and france broken up as well . 
  which if implemented well could free up a lot of duplicated institutions filled with public bureaucrats doing the same thing 30 different times . 
  well whatever is happening right now sure as fuck is n't . 
  let 's be honest , there likely needs to be more states in the eu for a federal eu to work . 
  something like half of all research and development dollars the us spends ends up in defense spending which includes everything from life saving medical treatments to water filtration . 
  the us armed forces doctrine is to be able to fight two simultaneous wars in two oceans at once , you ca n't do that on the cheap but some good does come out of that spending . 
  because narratives can be about anything , who gives a fuck about narratives when putin just claimed russian special forces invading another country were home grown self defense forces ? 
  some germans are playing the economic pragmatist instead of the military realist . 
  land projection in a shooting war in europe from russia is one of the most well-studied turkey shoots in military history . 
  that is why russia needs buffer countries . 
  cell phones , video games , consumer jets ... 
  these all came from military spending . 
  still has no real logistical capacity except over land and everything in that article is talking about 2020 . 
  force projection is by sea or air in the 21st century . 
  if you are a male in russia you will be lucky to reach 60 . 
  chinese patents are mostly design patents from international companies making cheap plastic crap . 
  commies !, 
  maybe if the eu and the us just stood still economically for 20 years they could catch up . 
  why would they stand still ? 
  uk tanks have tea kettles built into them . 
  is it alright if i imagine the german tanks with solar panels on them [ playing a mix of this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ot_katyyiu ) . 
  no you ca n't . 
  eastern siberia is n't cheap to build pipelines on . 
  except this time germans wo n't be bringing genocide but green energy and edm , right ? 
  try 40-50 + . 
  i believe crimea during ww ii had a similar minefield as well as naval mines and submarine nets . 
  maybe the russians will set up free bath houses and resorts for them and make them all take a compulsory vacation . 
  i 'm a scot living mostly in the us since the age of 14 , and i agree . 
  i still come and see my dad every few years . 
  scotland has amazing fucking cheeses too though , i 'm impressed all around at the variety of foods nowadays . 
  the cheese selection in the us has dramatically changed in the 50 years i have been living here as well . 
  there used to be three or four kinds of real cheese in most groceries here in the states in the 1960 's when i was growing up . 
  now i ca n't even keep up with the local cheeses at the local farmer 's market , there are so many new varieties coming out all the time . 
  i do n't even pay attention to european cheese anymore , and i ca n't tell you the last time i bought some . 
  chances are that is what this is about . 
  20 years ago even i would not buy any american-made swiss cheese , now i prefer it . 
  maybe the taste just grew on me . 
  oh , so now you cunts want to join the eu ? 
  i 'm assuming any future eu super carriers will have that in mind . 
  they are also used for relief efforts . 
  us does n't mind being involved , it just does n't want to be spending more than the rest of the world combined on defense . 
  we might even have enough box tops when we are done to get a supercarrier or two . 
  if nato ca n't keep hegemony in regards to borders , it is done . 
  [ : / ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c2pt-lnq2po ), 
  well , combined with ukraine maybe but [ you would need nato to fend off russia ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/countries-comparison-detail.asp?form=form&amp;country1=poland&amp;country2=russia&amp;submit=compare+countries ) . 
  120k vs 750k troops . 
  pretty sure that is well within the strike range of nato airbases . 
  of course the mobile [ s-300 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/s-300_\\ ( missile \\ ) ) would be firing off like roman candles . 
  a battalion of german troops rolling into poland for the defense of europe , fuck if that was a movie i 'd watch the shit out of that , but i do n't think any of us want to actually see it happen . 
  would all be forgiven if german blood was shed defending poland ? 
  it is not that anyone doubts putin 's mental acuity , it is that we doubt putin 's hold on populism and his military . 
  turkey is n't poland , poland is a red line for europe . 
  nato would go literally ballistic . 
   it would be stupid for either side to get involved in a war . 
  well , let 's hope the un can bring some comity to this situation between what is quickly shaping up between nato and russia . 
  poland would never let ukraine fall into russian hands , ever . 
   incredibly powerful military not anymore , and they have n't been in a shooting war for over a decade . 
   might include nuclear weapon it might which is why we ca n't allow russia to use that as a get out of jail free card . 
  russia is really no better though . 
  if war was declared between nato and russia then within a day every single russian ship in crimea would be at the bottom of the black sea . 
  the russians would see it is a pearl harbor-like event but besides nukes i do n't think they are stupid enough to try a conventional war with nato . 
  we feel the same way about mountains and the english . 
  who else dared to stand up to thatcher ? 
  yep , i think the us national reserves alone is larger than any eu army . 
  i would like to live to see the day of a united eu armed forces . 
  it is still a more robust and modern force than russia on land . 
  the us 's military policy since ww ii has been the ability to wage war in two different oceans , no one can stand up to that . 
  http://www.defense.gov/pubs/pdfs/2012_cmpr_final.pdf  on march 4 , 2012 , beijing announced an 11.2 percent increase in its annual military budget to roughly $ 106 billion . 
  `` is increase continues more than two decades of sustained annual increases in china 's announced military budget . 
  analysis of 2000-2011 data indicates china 's o'cially disclosed military budget grew at an average of 11.8 percent per year in in % ation-adjusted terms over the period . 
  start building nuclear power plants again . 
  ca n't be helped chap . 
  russians sending armed troops into the eu . 
  because polish borders are a red line . 
  like a blazing red line . 
  a ukrainian civil war would make poland 's border with ukraine come under threat . 
  this can escalate very quickly . 
  this is not south ossetia . 
  well , yes , and the sovereignty of member states . 
  how would poland like to have its ukrainian border be jammed with refugees suddenly and having to deal with years upon years of refugee camps ? 
  a ukrainian civil war could displace millions of people . 
  there is no reason for nato to exist if it ca n't maintain hegemony . 
  well , that would be a big step but do n't think that it ca n't go any further . 
  we are dealing with a far more unpredictable foe in russia than we were during the cold war , main difference now is that russia ca n't win a conventional war , they are entirely reliant on their nuclear weapons for deterrence . 
  let 's be sober minded about this , nuclear war can still happen over russia being forced to move its black sea fleet . 
  it is a remote possibility but those are always , always the stakes when dealing with russia , it would be foolish of us to forget them . 
  the loss of the ports would force putin to defend himself domestically against political challenges -- perhaps within his own party , it might be easier in putin 's calculus to just seize crimea under the guise of stopping fascism or some such nonsense , but we should n't discount this escalating further . 
   as for poland - poland got a problem that it 's always warning west against russians , so long that they slowly get ignored . 
  there is no scenario in which russians can win or even hold the line against a united nato . 
  china currently could solo russia . 
  so , that leaves the russians with their finger on the nuclear trigger , but at the same time we ca n't have the eu borders be encroached upon . 
  if nato ca n't enforce the status quo , what use is nato ? 
  poland shares a massive border with ukraine , it really depends on what putin is willing to do to secure control of crimea . 
  is he willing to take the rest of ukraine by siding with ethnic russian in what would turn into a civil war ?
