  but younger people wont and probably think ( and i kinda agree ) , that it 's one of the corniest music tb show arround ... also , i do n't know anyone that will watch it ... 
  i know !, 
  but that was 40 years ago . 
  we all know the story , but no one really cares about eurovision anymore ... 
  it 's funny how much this is ignored in portugal . 
  i did n't even know this was on today . 
  or that it was in this general time of the year :d, 
  they have one of the highest pib per capita in the world ( like 80k $ ), 
  economically no . 
  luxembourg has less that a third gdp , exports and imports . 
  so portugal obviously has a greater impact on eu economics . 
  and we did have all that baillout affair ... that being said , they are both pretty irrelevant ... 
  politically , luxembourg has almost the same power of portugal : none . 
  but the fact that luxembourg has junkers and the ehc makes them relevant . 
  even if powerless ... 
  everyone in europe is aware of luxembourg ... 
  they are part of the eu , filthy rich , and have some eu bodies ( the eu high court ) and the president of the european commission is luxembourgish :p they are n't irrelevant politically , they just are irrelevant economically ... 
  ps sort of is . 
  more like , they know that when they get there they 'll have to be pro austerity , but to get votes they like to play the game of anti-austerity ... 
   but he is still a member of the greek parliament . 
  well , yeah . 
  but it 's completely different being in the parliament and being one of the people who accepts and signs the deal , or whose names come in the bills that re-instate the dracma ... 
  specially since referendums should be as objective as possible , instead of a `` do you agree with this agreement proposal that was just expired and as such kind of irrelevant , also the agreement was n't event officially translated to greek , because , why would it ? '', 
  they could have just spared everyone more time and said : `` do you want more austerity '' which would be a stupid populist question , but at least more objective . 
  or `` do you want to leave the euro ? '', 
  because , ultimately that 's the question that needs to happen ... 
  the referendum , as it was , was stupid and just a silly dictatorial style of populist referendum used to gain `` legitimacy '' for their actions ... greece will drop the euro and will be in misery for the next 10 years , with no clear guarantees for the 10 years after ... 
  but , as with everything , we can speculate and guess , but the best thing to do is just wait and we can all discuss it again in a year ... 
  67 is normal . 
  loads of countries have 67 as a normal age for retirement . 
   how can you complain about pension at 67 ? 
  that 's what we have in denmark , and we are talking about increasing it . 
  and that 's why greece is where it is . 
  they 've been living way above their possibilities and now it comes back to bite them in the ass ... 
  what i find funny is that syriza ran on a anti-europe , anti-austerity and for not paying their debt . 
  now that they are indeed faced with the inevitability of their incapacity to sustain themselves and impossibility of defaulting , they are turning to tax raises to try and save themselves . 
  but hey , the big bad guy is the imf . 
  not the greeks that put themselves in a shithole . 
  it 's the people who are actually lending them money against a really high possibility of not getting paid by a country who continuously spends more than it has and refuses to change ... 
  it 's not like i can say much better about my country , but at least i do n't blame the imf/eu for the situation we put ourselves in ... 
  conchita vs ronaldo . 
  a duel of giants !, 
  go team nobody cares !, 
   uncompresse picture jpeg : v, 
  can we have one too ? 
  very likely yes . 
  portubox is awesome, 
  like a square, 
  it 's looking exactly as it should . 
  you say literally literally, 
  i agree !, 
  and just like the case of gibraltar , it makes no sense to change . 
  the people in oliven\u00e7a want to be spanish and the people in gibraltar want to be british . 
  and that 's it , at least for me , that 's what really matters . 
  but technically speaking , in both cases , legally oliven\u00e7a should be portuguese and gibraltar should be spanish . 
  honestly , no one cares for olivenza . 
  it does n't even come in our school text books for geography . 
  though legally it should be ours ... we kinda let you guy have it on the condition that you did n't attack us any more . 
  and in came napoleon ... soz ... 
  but yeah , no one cares and it can stay where it is in spain for all we care , 
  also worth saying that the left coalition still has no formal agreement , either written or spoken . 
  they are still negotiating and it 's likely they will reach an agreement . 
  the president could have waited for the left parties to finish their negotiations , but chose to appoint the right-wing coalition 's president and prime-minister . 
  at the moment of his speech , it would make no sense to call the second place party to form a government , as no formal agreement has been made on the left side . 
  that being said , he could have waited for that agreement . 
  what will happen next : within 10 days the prime-minister must present a government proposal ( all the ministers and secretaries ) , and that must be passes in order for the government to take office . 
  it is expected that it will not pass . 
  now , in a very specific coincidence , the president can not dissolve the assembly and call elections on his last on his 6 months of office , nor can the deputies present a vote of no confidence within the first six months . 
  so when the government fails to take office , new elections can not be called until the new president is elected ( february ) , so he will either have to call the second party to form a government , which will likely have the support of the majority of the assembly , or he will refuse to call them and leave the current government in a management state , which is a constitutional vacuum , and no one is sure weather it is constitutional . 
  personally , i believe he will call the second party to form a government after the center-right coalition fails to form a government , but only if the communists and the left block and the socialists have a written agreement that specifically supports our international commitments ( nato , eu and euro ) , which it likely will , as both the communists and the left block have already stated that they will compromise on those topics . 
   i am the one working countless hours ( much more than what the law requires ) without getting paid for it i agree that that is wrong , of course . 
   the current perspective of society is that the people in charge of a company generate the most wealth . 
  i strongly disagree it 's not that they generate more wealth in of itself . 
  is that they dictate the way of the company and the way it runs itself . 
  and since that is their responsibility and decision , weather it goes wrong or right is also their responsibility . 
  so 1 - high responsibility . 
  2 - different person would steer it differently , results would be different in a large scale , thus not replaceable without consequences . 
  3 - if it does go right , they were the ones who made it go right , who steered everyone in that direction and as such deserve the lion share . 
   the role me and my fellow workers perform is essential for the entire company to produce wealth but it probably could be done by a very similar team of people who happened to not be you and them . 
  and the result would be the same or very similar . 
   i do n't want wealth distributed equally , i want wealth distributed fairly i interpreted your comment wrongly . 
  my bad . 
   that is something we can only fight by becoming more united and by creating a situation where employers will have to treat us well and pay us more because we as a unit of workers refuse to be seen as merely replaceable parts of a machine . 
   i also seek to fight by actively participating in my labor union . 
  this is the absolute correct thing . 
  unions exist to make workers demands heard ( not like the larger ones like cgtp which are just a political tool of cdu , used to further their interests ) , and an equilibrium will be found . 
  more importantly , you should be the change you want to see , so the fact that you actually put the time to work with your union and try to make yourselves heard ( instead of just whining and waiting for someone or the state to do something ) is something i respect immensely ( even if i do n't agree with what you might want ) . 
  workers are important , and should be heard . 
   as a worker i feel capitalism allows employers to exploits my labour and unfairly distributes the wealth me and my co-workers generate . 
  but it 's not unfairly distributed . 
  you ( and me ) and your friends also have much less responsability and much less weight in the companies direction . 
  basically you ( and me ) are replaceable ( and the less replaceable you are , the better paid you are ( offer/demand ! ) ) . 
  plus , that 's the reason the state exists , to guarantee some rights , but the truth of the mater it that wealth should not be distributed equally , and your part in generating that wealth is not parted equally either ... 
   the truth is that portugal is deeply socialist , and the regime 's political spectrum varies between hard-core stalinists and social-democrats . 
  this is basically it . 
  after the revolution ( 1974 ) everyone was communist or socialist or social democratic . 
  then with time they shifted into the current ideologies , but the names were kept . 
  so , by the 80 's they were similar to now , but 70 's was all left . 
  that 's also why our left-most party is only slightly right leaning and the largest right wing is center-left and both are very similar . 
  this leads to a very small far right nacionalists ( no representation ) , no libertarians , or very conservative christian right ...
