i have n't said anything about hatred nor any conspiracy , do n't put words in my mouth . 
  all i am saying is that i think ( and many other people , including scholars ) that spain has historically used infrastructure with an underlying centralist ideology . 
  you may not agree with that , but do n't try to ridicule me by implying that i am some sort of lunatic . 
  i will not continue this conversation any further . 
  you offer no proof , so this is just your interpretation , then . 
  about ideologies ... you can redistribute a budget using an economic rationale . 
  for instance , distributing it equally among every person , or according to the gdp of each territory ( economic equity ) . 
  or you could say , those regions with more industry or potential need more money to develop or keep making money ( economic efficiency ) . 
  but then you see that , in spain , a lot of infrastructure does not follow economic thinking , it has to do with other stuff . 
  and then you have airports that no one uses , or a mediterranean corridor that is not being build because there 's plans for another corridor through the pyreness . 
  even the ec is dumbfounded that the mediterranean corridor is not a priority ! . 
  also , the ave madrid-barcelona was finished in 2008 !, 
  and the first ave was put in 1992 . 
  all this shows that there is clearly something else than pure economic thinking . 
  there is a centralist ideology underlying the redistribution policies and this hampers the whole economy , simply because it is not efficient . 
   the fiscal pact was put on the table during the transici\u00f3n with the green light from spain have any source for this ? 
   it probably also happens in many rich neighbourhoods of your city , but i 'm sure you do n't object to your townhall spending more money on ghettos than on well-off districts . 
  that is not the point . 
  catalans do not oppose to send money to poorer areas , it 's about how this is done . 
  it is not about the concept of solidarity , it 's about the redistribution system and how ideologies get mixed with economic rationale . 
   it stands to reason : nobody wants to be a second-class citizen compared to others who benefit from more rights and privileges just because they are somehow more `` special '' despite living in the same country . 
  exactly , so why catalans can not ask for a fiscal pact like navarra without being called greedy ? 
   the thing is that catalonia was offered a similar fiscal pact in the 70s and you turned it down . 
  then after thirty years of benefiting from the central government treasury ( barcelona '92 anyone ? ), 
  the catalonian parliament decides it 's suddenly legitimate to renegotiate unilateratelly the issue and woe betide spain if they dare to disagree !, 
  that is simply not true . 
  your own source states that ciu and erc wanted the fiscal pact , not that anyone from spain offered it . 
  an this `` benefiting from the central government treasury '' is also not true . 
  the fiscal balances published ( the ones we know about , because it took some fight to get them published ) show that the investment from spain to catalonia has been systematically way lower than the contribution of catalonia to the gdp . 
  if catalonia had indeed a parasitic relationship with spain , the fiscal pact proposal would not have been rejected , i assure you . 
  it is even funnier to see how other regions first opposed to the new catalan demands , but after it was approved they said : well , now we want the same !, 
  and asking for a fiscal system similar to the ones in euskadi or navarra is a legitimate claim , no need to call us spoiled brats . 
  all we want is a fair economic treatment . 
  all this huge issue only gets worse with this kind of arguments ... 
  you should feel bad for belittling any opinion you do n't share . 
  someone said something along the lines of `` if a law is unjust you have the moral obligation to disobey it '' . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  sadly , it goes both ways . 
  i am constantly downvoted for defending the catalan 's right to self determination and independence without having a counter argument , even though i am respectful and logical in my opinion . 
  so please do n't play the victim ... 
  a proper referendum was an utopia , everyone knew spain would n't allow it . 
  the uk allowed it , sweden , switzerland or denmark would provably allow it , but not spain . 
  democracy is understood differently by european countries and of course that is up to their people . 
  the consultation has then become an act of protest , of rebellion . 
  voting has become a symbol of democracy for us catalans , not so much about old recalcitrant nationalism . 
  it will have a similar effect than that of previous demonstrations . 
  since i do n't live in catalonia , i am going to brussels to vote and will make my voice be heard . 
  i am very excited about voting and expressing my opinion on this subject . 
  now the real referendum will be on the next elections , where three parties ( converg\u00e8ncia , erc and cup ) will put the independence as the first electoral point . 
  if these parties have more than 50 % of the votes , then a declaration of independence will be legitimate . 
  i could have put another neutral , not-at-all biased source like el pa\u00eds or el mundo but unfortunately no other media outside catalonia seems to consider this important . 
  kings ? 
  i was told in school that catalans were minding their own business and then the evil spaniards came and fucked our wives and ate our children ... by the way , i was referring to the `` decretos de nueva planta '' and the start of the centralist , uni-national mindset that has prevailed until today . 
  but again , what could i know , i am just a brainwashed poor soul ... 
  spanish government , fuelling independence movements since 1714 . 
  agreed , whatever happened , scotland won . 
  meaningless for who ? 
  it is ultimately an act of protest , of rebellion against a government that does not want people to express their opinion . 
  a demonstration is legally non-binding , an can be even declared illegal , but if , let 's say , 50 % of the population shows up , i do n't think it is meaningless . 
  it sends a very powerful message . 
  9n has always been conceived as an act of protest , everyone knew a proper referendum was never an option . 
  pensions are managed by spain and the euro by the european central bank , i believe . 
  you are right ... but they published a technical study saying that they could deal with those without major changes . 
  euskadi and navarra are fiscally independent and they manage all right . 
  catalonia already has a tax agency that collects most of the taxes , and technically it could deal with all the taxes without major changes . 
  too much is at stake for european governments as well . 
  states like germany have many economic interests there and the eu is not interested in bad press . 
  if a midnight call from merkel changed the spanish constitution , they can force spain to sit down and negotiate like the uk government did . 
  it is the telegraph 's title , not mine . 
  it is not a referendum ( it never was ) nor a consultation . 
  so the spanish government should get very creative to ban it again . 
  well , there 's still much to be done . 
  but catalonia has already a lot of autonomy so most institutional structures are already in place . 
  creating a new state is not exactly a piece of cake , let alone separating from spain . 
  no one knows what kind of country catalonia would become . 
  that is the thing , people want something different because they do not accept the status quo . 
  that does not mean people do not have an informed opinion to make a decision . 
  an you are wrong in assuming that independence is the ultimate goal , people want welfare , well-being , happiness , etc. 
  independence is just a mean to an end . 
  also , there are some general considerations that were published in the `` white paper '' , like the currency issue . 
  but no one knows exactly what is going to happen . 
  what catalonia will become is up to the catalans , for better or worse . 
  i get your point , there would be more and different economic uncertainties , ok . 
  but it is my impression ( and what really interests me here ) that you are somewhat implying that catalans have formed an opinion mainly based on `` nationalist propaganda '' , and that they do n't really know some of the basic economic consequences . 
  and this is why they push for independence , because they ignore of such dire consequences . 
  i mean ... sure catalan nationalists push one way , spanish nationalists push the other way ... but there is internet , people can read el pais , intereconomia , watch tve ... people go to the university ... is such a reductionist approach useful in any way to solve an evident political problem ? 
  maybe you have done extensive research on the topic , but what i think is that the future is uncertain , with or without an udi . 
  spain is not a guarantee of a bright economic future either , there 's deep structural problems in there . 
  nobody can say for sure whether catalonia will be better off or not . 
  spain said that all spanish colonies would be a failure if they declared independence , and i 'm sure they had some reasons to say that . 
  but most of them turned out pretty ok . people also forget that catalonia has leverage , mainly with the public debt and the land infrastructure to export to europe . 
  if spain wants to , they will hurt themselves and many other european countries in the process . 
  do you seriously think that the eu will not try to avoid that ? 
  at some point , i am sure the eu will have to mediate . 
  if erc are going to win the new elections , how is an udi not a credible threat ? 
  i do n't think people in catalonia are shocked at all . 
  myself and everyone i know already knew an illegal consultation was a bad move . 
  as many have said , you only have one chance to break the spanish law , and that chance is an udi . 
  wasting it on a consultation was clearly unwise . 
  but calling the vote needed to be done anyway to show what the spanish government thinks about democracy ( which is not for me to judge ) .
