  but we will vote on 9n , and it will be part of a long process . 
  and if the process goes in a certain direction , an udi will happen . 
  funny thing is , many uncertainties would not exist if spain would behave like an adult . 
  the reason why eu acceptance is uncertain is because of spain 's threats to veto it . 
  the same with trade relationships . 
  so the source of uncertainty is not independence per se but this childish attitude . 
  is like a failed marriage in which one wants to leave on peaceful terms and the other makes it impossible : i will keep the house and the savings , you will have no friends or a job , nobody will love you . 
  is spain keeps ignoring the claims of the catalan people and unwilling to solve the political issue they present , i really do n't see an alternative . 
  people will not settle for less than a vote on the topic and a political resolution according to the results . 
  the situation you propose is exactly what the central government is expecting . 
  it is of course a possibility , but it is a very risky move . 
  if catalan parties do stick together , catalonia will eventually declare an udi . 
  ok , but the support and commitment to the eu from catalans is overwhelming . 
  so the idea of catalonia leaving the eu is not realistic right now . 
  the reason why people use the word `` threat '' is a mystery to me . 
  independence per se is not threat , there will just be another state within europe . 
  what is the big deal ? 
  it is an interpretation of course ... but if someone can say whether it is illegal or not under spanish law , that is the tc . 
  it is up to the ac to call elections , with a maximum of 4 years per term . 
  it is a matter of interpretation . 
  self-determination right could be perfectly compatible with the constitution . 
  catalonia has a lot of leverage , though . 
  namely : - assuming or not the spanish debt . 
  - a lot of spanish exports to europe go through catalonia . 
  that should be enough to act like adults on a peaceful parting . 
  that would be great . 
  unfortunately , asking the opinion on that matter to the population is illegal . 
  good point . 
  the thing is that in this context , the differentiation referendum-consultation is quite important . 
  basically they are the only parties that have showed any support to it . 
  pp and psoe have already said they will not support a consultation on that topic ( btw it is not a referendum because no law or administrative act is being asked to be ratified ) . 
  the alternative will be a left-winged coalition with podemos , iu , etc. , which is quite unlikely to happen . 
  i am perfectly fine with a given nation to decide a new political status within catalonia , for instance la vall d'aran . 
  but it is in our interest to treat them fairly so that this does not happen . 
  i think the article does not explicitly refers to european institutions , but european governments in general . 
  a bad resolution of the conflict ( e.g. 
  udi ) will certainly have consequences for other european countries , so it is in their own interest to avoid that . 
  i am sure , however , that there is stuff happening in the backstage , but national governments have no incentives to publicly position themselves right now . 
  well , i would say that the southern part of france formerly being part of catalonia is not interested in secession at all . 
  so i do n't get your point . 
  i am just saying that independence movements rise and fall because of many causes . 
  pinpointing a single cause is an oversimplification that does not help at all solving the issue . 
  again , being a rich region and suffering an economic crisis still does not explain an independence movement . 
  take the balearic islands instead of extremadura , it does not matter . 
  so there must be something else . 
  anything else ? 
  to me it is more the unfairness of the current financing system , which the crisis exposed even more . 
  extremadura is also suffering from the crisis , yet is not revolting . 
  therefore , the crisis alone can not explain why people ask for independence . 
  that really says it all . 
  i know , i myself was a federalist by then . 
  but it is important to understand that it is a co-production process . 
  the economic crisis alone does not explain the rise . 
  many things happened in the last 15 years . 
  the same as many things happened in the early 1930 that led to huge rise of the independence movement . 
  i hope you do n't really think that and are just trolling . 
   so catalonia was made out of money , they invested it , got industries and euros and then joined spain or what ? 
  catalonia had resources , good trade relationships and a competitive industry way before the idea of spain even existed . 
   because as far as i know there are a few centuries of history and at least two got the peninsula swimming in gold and silver . 
  sure , who do you think financed the expeditions to america ? 
  the poorest regions or the rich ones ? 
   catalonia is n't rich thanks to the grace of god , there have been previous investments . 
  see first comment . 
   so i am doing what the secesionist movements are doing ? 
  you are doing populism , which is what some nationalists do . 
   why is this moving so big now , when the economy is n't working that well ? 
  the movement has been big many times before ( 1873 , 1931 and 1932 ) , not always because of economic crisis . 
  is a co-production effect . 
   why did n't people secede because of `` cultural reasons '' year ago ? 
  see previous comment . 
   why did n't they try to free themself in the spanish civil war ? 
  no comment . 
  do you now anything at all about the civil war ? 
  do you know why it started ? 
   why not after franco died ? 
  franco effectively did an ideological genocide . 
  people were scared and the movement hurt . 
  invested economically ? 
  funny , because catalonia has invested a lot of money in other regions because of the fiscal deficit . 
  concretely , 220.000 m $ since 1980 . 
  if you do the math , catalonia has invested much more money to other regions of spain than the other way around . 
  first off , free trade is agreed bilaterally between countries , so it will lose the free trade with whoever does not want it , not automatically . 
  second , solidarity has nothing to do with independence nor free trade . 
  you are mixing things to build your point . 
  that is precisely the mindset that got us into this situation . 
  `` they give us too many resources , we have to keep them even if they do n't want to '' . 
  i get your point . 
  but here is the thing : self-determination is an universal right . 
  this means it can be exercised by any nation . 
  if you start excluding nations because they are not colonies , or have not been at war or the state does not allow them to do it then the universality principle is lost . 
  imagine retiring someone 's right to vote because they are , let 's say , mentally challenged or has very crazy political ideas . 
  would that be right ? 
  it also sets a very dangerous precedent , because you are implying that if we would be at war then we would be legitimated to use that right . 
  so if we are pacific then we can not self-determine , but if we start killing people then we might get a chance ? 
  how does that sound ? 
  well that sucks ( really ) but apparently your independence might have been illegitimate according to your reasoning . 
  i might still have a spanish citizenship but i will never be a spaniard . 
  a piece of paper does not decide what i am . 
  2 years, 
  did the british people have a say in 1776 ?
