  again being rigorous , it is allegedly illegal only under the spanish constitution , not under catalan nor international law . 
  but it has nothing to do with legitimacy , though . 
  our claims for voting are legitimate since they emanate from a democratic and pacific mandate , supported by an universal right from the un . 
  what you mean is that , if spain accepts to do it , then everyone will be cool about it because no one will piss off spain for supporting it . 
  being rigorous , i would say that what can be affirmed is that the constitution is quite contradictory regarding this issue . 
  for instance , the self-determination right is de facto part of the spanish legislation , and the preamble of the constitution talks about the `` countries '' that form spain ( ok , it has no legal value but still ) . 
  it also describes the `` insolubility '' of the spanish nation without defining the latter . 
  the constitution of 1812 said something similar and then they lost the american colonies , so what is this spanish nation ? 
  but let 's assume it says you can not do it . 
  that is still not the real problem . 
  the problem is that the big parties do n't want it . 
  they simply use the constitution as a shield . 
  it can be changed with a majority , as they did when merkel said so to include the payment of the debt . 
  so it has nothing to do with the constitution but with their ideals . 
  it is easier to say that it is illegal than saying `` no , i do n't want you to exercise an universal right that we signed '' or `` no because i do n't recognise you as a nation '' ( which is by all means ridiculous ) . 
  the right of self-determination is pretty well defined by the un and is a universal right . 
  this means that you can not just give this right to some people and deny it to others . 
  i you want a clear example , this is in the constitution of angola : the republic of angola shall respect and implement the principles of the united nations charter and the charter of the organisation of african unity and shall establish friendly and cooperative relations with all states and peoples on the basis of the following principles : [ ... ] c ) the rights of peoples to self-determination and independence ; is this specific enough ? 
  recognising the right of self-determination of people implicitly assumes that if that people is from the same country they have the right to leave . 
  otherwise it would be blatant discrimination against them . 
  browse by topic under `` self-determination '' , there are 38 entries . 
  that is very arguable . 
  there are many countries that recognise the right to self-determination of the people in their constitutions , like bolivia , ecuador or sudan . 
  you can check them all in the following site : https://www.constituteproject.org, 
  that is also right but this is unrelated to what i said . 
  my point was that the spanish nation has not dissolved even though the constitution of 1812 stated that it was formed by both the european and american territories . 
  following that logic , if catalonia becomes independent ( it does not matter here how , even though we can agree that is better to vote than to fight ) , the spanish nation will not dissolve . 
  therefore , the vote for independence does not go against article 2 of the current constitution . 
  that is right , but what is your point ? 
  no , the current constitution does not define what the spanish nation is . 
  so it could be perfectly possible to still have a spanish nation and a catalan nation . 
  technically it states the indissolubility of the spanish nation . 
  more or less the same that the constitution of 1812 said about the spanish colonies . 
  following that logic , since spain lost all their american colonies , the spanish nation should have dissolved by now ... so i do n't know what is all this fuss about . 
  but we also want to your ally :( italy plz, 
  that is the european spirit !, 
  i have not implied otherwise ... all i am saying is that you can legally justify that the self-determination right is not againts international law , and then try to engage the international community with other arguments . 
  i am sorry if i bother you but i do n't think law is so one-faced as you put it , there 's many interpretation and interests . 
  i know what the helsinki act says . 
  i also know that serbia used it in its defence against kosovo , and still the icj ruled the udi was not illegal . 
  if the territorial integrity premise was the only thing that mattered and prevailed over the self-determination right , the udi should have been ruled against international law . 
  yeah ... maybe and exaggeration ... 
  i think we have to `` fight '' with all we can gather . 
  our argument has many faces : legal , democratic , historic , social , cultural , economic , etc. 
  i would n't discard any of them , including the legal one . 
  law is not isolated from what happens around and is mostly based on discrete interpretation . 
  biased in which sense ? 
  just curious ... 
  there 's always shades of grey ... but it still matters . 
  thanks , duly noted . 
  because if people fighting for their rights would have had that attitude we would have achieved much less social progress along history . 
  i will happily share some rataf\u00eda with you and have a nice chat there  . 
  this is why the `` insolubility of the spanish nation '' stand is rather weak . 
  when the spanish colonies proclaimed their independence during the xix century , the spanish nation did not dissolute , broke , got mutilated or anything . 
  it simply evolved . 
  but they are still subordinated to that central government , i am right ? 
  i am disappointed as well . 
  i believe oriol pujol will take all the fuet to give it to his mates . 
  also , artur mas promised us that this way bar\u00e7a would win every year the catalan league and we would have free cava to celebrate . 
  all i can think of is la vall d'aran , but maybe you can offer more examples . 
  in any case , it is not for me to decide who is and who is not a nation , since i believe it is their self-conciousness what determines them . 
  oh , you smart catalan ... 
  the right to self-determination applies to all people/nations , not only those which have been through a genocide . 
  edit : people, 
  i understand it is a complex matter with multiple precedents and interpretations , all i 'm saying is that i am entitled to build a legal argument in favour of self-determination , based on international law an also in the principle of democracy . 
  that does n't mean it can not be rebutted with other legal or democratic arguments . 
  and as far as i know the spanish constitution talks about the insolubility of the spanish nation , not the state or its territorial integrity . 
  the right to self-determination is a right of people or nations . 
  catalonia has a self-conciousness of being a nation , according to the statute of autonomy of catalonia . 
  from which nations within catalonia exactly ? 
  this [ legal jurisprudence ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_court_of_justice_advisory_opinion_on_kosovo%27s_declaration_of_independence ), 
  international law says that an unilateral independence declaration is not illegal , which is what the spain 's government is saying to deny it . 
  an i argue that my political rights are being violated because my right to self-determination ( which is a part of spain 's legal order ) is not being respected at the moment . 
  that means that the [ un 's international covenant on civil and political rights ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_covenant_on_civil_and_political_rights ) , ratified in 1977 by spain is a part of spain 's legal order . 
  you can check yourself the first article . 
  i 'm going to downvote you just to prove op wrong ... is this mature enough ? 
  i believe it is a legal demand since the self-determination right is part of the spanish 's internal legal order ( article 96 of the spanish constitution ) . 
  spain would really benefit from an economic policy that does n't follow any ideological agenda . 
  the case of the mediterranean corridor is a flagrant example of this . 
  yep , unionism does n't equal centralism . 
  allegedly , `` technical reasons '' . 
  there 's still a lot of stuff to sort out . 
  moreover , i do n't think it would have been fair to set a date looking at whether the scottish referendum will play an effect on any option . 
  i would n't call a violation of human political rights a simple `` national affair '' . 
  we are european citizens and we have the right to see our legitimate and legal demands respected and enforced . 
  have a kind upvote  . 
  because being independent and ** freely willing ** to share sovereignty with other european nations has nothing to do one with another . 
  no , either you are independent or you are not . 
  there is a huge difference . 
  it was not my intention to imply any bias , it was just for clarification . 
  a state which is politically dependant on another political entity ( federation , confederation , etc. 
  ) , like baviera , arizona or puerto rico . 
  so the state 's government has not full political independence and is subordinated to a central government . 
  the thing is that even though everyone is entitled to an opinion , self-determination is a political right that can only be exercised by a self-conscious nation in order to achieve a new political status . 
  in this sense , the opinion of spain is politically irrelevant i would say . 
  of course , but i wonder how ... - catalonia 's autonomy is suspended = people go nuts . 
  - catalonia 's president is suspended/jailed = people go nuts . 
  - army ... = everyone go nuts . 
  is this the kind of actions we want ?
