  i mean , as a society ... 
  i assume they will appeal to the international law to give political meaning to the people 's expressed will . 
  misleading title : - four political parties have agreed the referendum , not the catalan government alone . 
  - it is not only about the independence of catalonia , since it also offers the possibility to support a subordinated state . 
  out of curiosity , which are those political requirements and where does it say so ? 
  according to the oxford dictionary , a country is [ `` a nation with its own government , occupying a particular territory : '' ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/country?q=country ) . 
  given that catalonia is regarded as a nation by the [ statute of autonomy of catalonia ] ( http://www.gencat.cat/generalitat/cat/estatut/preambul.htm ) , i do n't know why it can not be regarded as a country as well . 
  edit : added information . 
  thanks , it is never late to be corrected . 
  spain could easily ask the ec to make catalan a working language , as well as the other 3 co-official languages ( basque , galician and aranese ) . 
  so it is indeed a lack of political will . 
  it is really a rocambolesque situation given that catalan is spoken by [ 9.5 million people ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_language#number_of_speakers ) , more than finnish or danish . 
  edit : country correction . 
  even though is not an official working language , i would have liked so much to check the site in catalan :( . 
  i know what i know about history , and everything is comparable and nothing is comparable at the same time . 
  but let 's move on ... as you point out , the transition was a give and take , so concessions were given to regime members and the military . 
  is that inheritance that makes fascism to be still there . 
  spain did not start with a clean sheet , it simply evolved . 
  in this sense , your elaboration seems to be inconsistent with your arguments ( you said fascism is marginal , if i recall correctly ) . 
  my points are not meant to be neither democratic nor anti-democratic , this is just my point of view . 
  to me it 's not ok to have a monumental memorial of franco or people waving fascist symbols . 
  but it seems to be ok for spanish voters , so let 's them have it . 
  i have not implied nothing else . 
  the spanish transition is far from being a role model . 
  just some highlights : - regime members were given amnesty in 1977 . 
  consequently , no trials for genocide were conducted . 
  - some of them even founded political parties that ended up ruling the country . 
  - the constitution writing process was closely supervised by the military statement . 
  - fascist symbols are still laying around with sometimes little to no opposition to remove them . 
  franco 's memorial is still in place . 
  - pp , the current ruling party , has never condemned franco 's regime . 
  - pp members are often seen with fascists symbols or saying not very democratic things with little to no consequences . 
  all i 'm saying is that spain has still not gotten rid of franco 's scent . 
  it is not explicit but it 's still there . 
  can you imagine this things happening in germany ? 
  a huge monumental memorial on hitler ? 
  a street called `` third reich '' ? 
  nazi members with amnesty ? 
  merkel not condemning the nazi regime ? 
  some cdu member authorising a nazi fair and nothing happening ? 
  there are few explicit fascist parties but the big problem is how supporters and members of the regime were integrated during the transition . 
  this background fascism is the real problem . 
  your point being ? 
  i appreciate your nice rhetoric ( i really do ) , but i think you and me are the same , just i am not afraid to say i 'm a nationalist because of the actual social context . 
  nationalism per se has nothing to do with what you say . 
  a `` citizen belonging '' is an alternative way of saying that you do belong to a nation , in this case the european nation . 
  i have a friend who was born in colombia , and now lives in catalonia . 
  he does n't feel neither a colombian nor a catalan , he always says he is a citizen of the world . 
  he does n't believe in nations nor countries nor states . 
  that is to me not being a nationalist . 
  this `` better together '' idea is really context-dependant . 
  in the middle ages it made a lot of sense but right now we do n't have to defend ourselves from the french or the muslims . 
  if `` together '' is mandatory ( threats included ) rather than voluntary , i believe we are not better nor stronger together . 
  and , to me , spain is the result of the union of castilla and aragon , but i can only speak for myself . 
  so you are not a nationalist ? 
  you do n't feel identified with any nation ? 
  not spain nor europe ? 
  you have a european flag next to your username and it says `` spain '' . 
  i am not sure you realise ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) what a nationalist is ( with all due respect , no offense intended ) . 
  and to help castilla conquer granada and navarra and many other things . 
  it made a lot of sense at that time , both needed to work together both to protect themselves against other actors and to gain power . 
  not only the crown of aragon needed to protect itself . 
  if aragon would have fallen , who do you think would have been next ? 
  i mean `` feeling '' in a nationalistic way , as in `` being identified with a certain nation '' . 
  an certainly catalan or scottish or any other non-normalised nationalism have been pinned as a threat by many , including sir giddens . 
  and i agree that nationalism is different than independentism . 
  however , i have not implied such thing , but the contrary . 
  i believe the comparison is made under the tag `` nations going through independence processes in europe '' rather than any other thing . 
  the comparison is rather intuitive considering the timing . 
  of course , every independence movement is unique . 
  haha here 's the [ spanish equivalent ] ( http://historiadoreshistericos.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/nacionalistaslx3-1.png ), 
  there 's a lot of nuances in this statement . 
  the principality of catalonia kept their institutions , privileges and many other things until 1714 . 
  basically , catalonia had the political structure of a modern state . 
  the crown of aragon was first a dynastic union and then evolved to the equivalent of a modern federation . 
  this means that catalonia chose to be part of the crown and have the king as a ruler but they were free to chose not to be part at any point . 
  catalonia chose not to be independent but they remained sovereign . 
  in the end what matters is not whether you are independent , but whether you have a choice because you are sovereign . 
  i think he shows his bias and inconsistency when he refers to nationalisms as `` problems '' , and then he says he is an `` enthusiastic british and european '' . 
  so feeling british is ok and is not nationalism but feeling scottish is a threat and is `` evil '' nationalism . 
  in the end , normalised nationalism is nationalism after all . 
  edit : grammar . 
  in the end , what matters is not declaring yourself a sovereign state but being recognised as such by the international community . 
  so i would say that it does matter to some degree . 
  but of course the question to non-catalan people should be something like `` would you recognise catalonia as a sovereign state ? 
  '' , and not the mentioned in the title , which stems from a political right that only catalans can exercise . 
  i think this tool is meant to be a platform for social activism rather than a proper poll . 
  of course is biased and not credible , but that 's not the point . 
  the point is that we are out there , making ourselves be heard by the international community . 
  btw , independence support in catalonia is currently around 55 % -60 % , according to the many polls that have been done . 
  not really . 
  i do n't think the money issue is a cause but a consequence . 
  it 's a consequence of an inherited borbonic viewpoint in which the spanish nation is constructed by assimilating other iberic nations , rather than as a collection of those . 
  until a majority of the spanish society realises that the centralist model has failed in every way ( economy , culture , etc. ), 
  and agrees to sit and talk about a new model , the problem will be far from solved . 
  an economic model like the basque for catalonia will not sothe the social unrest at this point , in my viewpoint . 
  there 's still other issues steming from the centralist approach , like language policies or political autonomy . 
  i actually think it 's quite smart . 
  economic growth , inability to come together of catalan parties , fear on the population , little interest of europe and the world in general ... it can make the whole independence claim to fade away . 
  unemployment data is always tricky to interpret ... it normally refers to unemployed social security contributors ( unemployment paycheck receivers ) , not active population .
