  the one thing i really dislike about them is their opinion polls . 
  they do one a day , they post is as an article , but they usually have nothing to do with drenthe and worst of all : it 's almost always heavily biased , probably as some sort of clickbait . 
  i 'm not linking it , but today 's poll is a good example : `` fireworks are fun , people should stop nagging !, 
  agree/disagree '' . 
  ( for context : the poll is in response to a bunch of cities having fireworks-free zones during new year 's eve in areas where there are too many people , especially elderly people , for it to be considered safe . 
  in drenthe there are exactly 0 fireworks-free zones , for one thing because it 's one of the most rural provinces . ), 
  steen-papier-schaar / rock-paper-scissors like all the other dutch people here so far . 
  high speed train tickets often have price differentiation , like airplane tickets . 
  if you book about 3 months in advance it can be quite cheap , but less than a month in advance for around christmas , when all of europe has vacation , is hopeless . 
  netherlands uses the euro and housing is expensive . 
  not common but not very uncommon either . 
  it 's actually kind of a fashion for middle-aged women now to have short hair in a bright color . 
  adolescents and young adults also do it , especially in the cities where you 'll most likely be as a tourist . 
  however , it 's still a small part of the population in my experience . 
  it 's inevitable that you stick out sometimes , but is n't that kind of the point of those hair colors ? 
  european netherlands is sometimes used , but usually no distinction is made . 
  i 'm torn . 
  of course it 's a good thing to not have another cold war ( or even a real large scale war ) like it seems are/were headed towards . 
  but on the other hand the russians completely brought in on themselves by starting a war in ukraine and blocking attempts to bring the people responsible for downing flight mh17 to court . 
  repairing relations without the russians doing anything about those things just feels like they 're getting away with it . 
  the russians have the possibility to repair ties right now , without trump 's involvement : by fixing their attitude and doing the responsible thing . 
  but they refuse . 
  october seems way too early for christmas music . 
  i do n't know what radio stations you liston to , but that 's not the norm . 
  [ the dutch wikipedia page ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/kerstmuziek ) talks about `` a taboo '' on christmas music before 6 december . 
  generally after sinterklaas eve , which is celebrated on 5 december, 
  and there are english translations as well , segregation or separateness have the same meanings . 
  unless of course the specific south african legislation is meant , but then it 's more like a name . 
  ( if we include that there are many more , there 's also no word for `` amsterdam '' in english for example ), 
  i 've not had trouble with my debit card in that `` anywhere else '' ? 
  i 've used it across europe and was also able to use it in the uk and in czechia , where they have different currencies . 
  i 've used it outside of europe too , in canada , the usa and morocco , it was never a problem . 
  i 've actually only ever had trouble in belgium , some of the machines there only accept belgian cards for some reason . 
  a credit score system like in the us does n't exist here in the netherlands . 
  we do have something that 's kinda similar : loan registration . 
  all loans you take out are registered and loans you already have are taken into account if you want a new loan . 
  if you do n't pay something in time that will also be registered and it will be more difficult ( or even practically impossible , depending on the severity ) to get a new loan until five years after that loan has been fully repaid . 
  credit cards are also barely used in the netherlands . 
  many people have them , but they 're mostly used abroad or for online purchases on foreign websites . 
  debit cards are the main method of payment here . 
  i lived near a big refugee center this summer and the closest thing to mayhem i saw was two refugees crashing into each other on their bicycles . 
  they were n't quite used to that part of dutch culture yet . 
  i think you may be underestimating reddit 's popularity in the netherlands . 
  * [ according to alexa ] ( http://www.alexa.com/topsites/countries/nl ) , reddit is the 16th most popular website in the netherlands , fok is 131st . 
  * [ according to dutch wikipedia ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/fok ! ), 
  fok had accumulated 456 000 registered accounts in 17 years . 
  / r/thenetherlands has accumulated 124 000 in 2.5 years . 
  and people can unsubscribe from / r\\/tnl and still use other parts of reddit so the number of dutch accounts on reddit is probably higher . 
  i think reddit will also have more users who do n't register an account . 
  i grew up in the netherlands and feel the same way about bicycles . 
  i know what it 's like . 
  ( not even kidding ), 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  what 's the point of risking murder charges if there 's a way to do it legally ? 
  yes we do . 
  right now only people who `` suffer unbearably with no end in sight '' ( usually terminal cancer in places that cause chronic pain ) have the right to die . 
  multiple doctors look over the case , and it 's only legal if the procedure is followed correctly . 
  i agree with it , as do most dutch people , though in cases of psychological suffering it 's a bit more controversial . 
  furthermore , the current government and several other parties have expressed desire to expand the right to die to people who do n't have anything wrong with them medically but who feel that they have fulfilled their life . 
  the details of how it would look are still very vague , but there would probably be multiple doctors/psychologists looking over the case again , to see if their death wish is not just because of solitude or family pressure . 
  in that case i think it 's a good plan . 
  better than forcing people to live or them having to resort to less `` clean '' methods of dying . 
  it 's 50 + , but they 're still a relatively minor party without actual power . 
  and apart from the extra populism and age discrimination they are a lot like other left-wing parties . 
  no leaving the eu , no reversing gay rights , nothing against abortion/euthanasia/legal softdrugs . 
  i ca n't find anything in their program that shows a real cultural split between the generations . 
  that also fits my view on the matter , that there is no cultural split . 
  i have quite a few belgians in my class now ( maastricht , so on the nl-be border ) and they all make that mistake while none of the dutch people do it . 
  i also never noticed that mistake before , so i thought it was just typically belgian . 
  but yeah , generalizations like that never work :p, 
  belgians also all pronounce the word `` idea '' like `` id '' for some reason . 
  netherlands marine corps copypasta * , kiddo, 
  not unless there 's a special occasion like i mentioned . 
  we usually just shake hands . 
  from drenthe ( northeast ) , currently live in limburg ( southeast ) . 
  i 've never greeted anyone with a kiss . 
  i 've seen it happen only a handful of times in the netherlands , it 's nothing like france for example . 
  are you from the west then ? 
  or maybe it 's a rural thing , i 've only ever lived in cities . 
  it 's very uncommon as a greeting , but i 've seen it . 
  we do usually give 3 kisses for congratulating people ( graduations , weddings , birthdays , trophy ceremonies , etc. 
  ) , though not between two males . 
  edit : apparently it 's more common than i thought . 
  [ the thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/56ywt4/groet_jij_je_vrienden_familie_of_collegas_met_een/ ) in / r/thenetherlands i started after some of the replies on this comment has roughly equal amounts of people saying they never kiss , they kiss in some cases and they always kiss friends and family . 
  not much of a geographical pattern , just social circles i guess . 
  nobody kisses colleagues , however . 
  similarly there 's ton elias , the politician who lead a team that researched a series of failures of our government in the area of it , who has made himself ridiculous last year by [ tweeting ] ( https://twitter.com/tonelias/status/574879846305767424 ) `` urgent request to microsoft : please stop calling me ten times a day from india for marketing purposes '' which gets brought up somewhat regularly whenever our government proposes anything that requires the least bit of it knowledge . 
  there 's also `` make that the cat wise '' , where we translate dutch expressions into english in the most literal way possible . 
  eh , it 's better to use cautious wording than to risk being wrong on the internet . 
  cheapest bottle of distilled alcohol in my local shop ( according to their website ) is feigling fig vodka ( 20 % ) at $ 1.99 for 100ml . 
  cheapest 700ml bottle is wkd vodka ( 4 % ) at $ 4.79 . 
  absolut vodka 700ml ( 40 % ) costs $ 18.19, 
  current national minimum wage for adults is $ 1 537,20 per month . 
  in addition unions negotiate higher minimum wages and other benefits for each sector , but they ca n't be lower than that minimum wage . 
  it assumes a full time job , however : between 36 and 40 hours per week . 
  if you work less or more than that the amount will be proportionally adjusted . 
  i agree , apart from there not being a good word for an inhabitant of the eu i do n't think there really is a problem with the current terms . 
  it 's just that those terms are being misused and if that misuse becomes standard language they will be difficult to distinguish , at which point we probably will need an alternative . 
  i 'm thinking ahead for the worst-case scenario !,
