  the british countries do have their own associations , but so do the spanish regions ( catalonia , andalusia , etc. 
  ) , yet the spanish regional football teams are not allowed to participate . 
  i 've had the same experience with jobs , even my summer job at a restaurant . 
  we used first names whether we were talking to our boss or colleague . 
  the main difference is that we called our fika-breaks `` coffee breaks '' or `` smoke breaks '' but of course you 're required to take them whether or not you smoke or drink coffee . 
  probably not the most important , but at least stereotypically dutch : the miller . 
  of course we have many windmills , and plenty are still used and therefore require millers . 
  we even have a miller active on reddit . 
  she did an ama [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/4ef94a/iama_miller_on_a_dutch_windmill_ama/ ) and told about a working day [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thenetherlands/comments/3lolku/a_day_at_oil_mill_de_bonte_hen_at_the_zaanse/ ) . 
  i 've heard `` land of the giants '' too , is that poetic ? 
  i think he 's the guy sometimes complaining about the lack of a catalan flag in this subreddit . 
  and it fits because 11 september is the national day of catalonia . 
  train station toilets here in the netherlands are segregated , just like most other places . 
  the handicapped bathrooms are unisex , though i can understand that it would n't be desirable to point transgenders there . 
  only very small establishments , usually when there 's only one toilet anyway , had unisex bathrooms before this debate started . 
  however , it 's not uncommon to see people using the other gender 's bathroom if their own is busy , so i doubt many people would look weird because of seeing the `` wrong '' gender in their bathroom . 
  especially if that person is dressed like the `` right '' gender . 
  i have never heard of dutch laws forbidding/allowing usage of a certain bathroom ( and google does n't show me any either ) , so i guess legally every bathroom is unisex . 
  there has been a push to remove the segregation , especially in high schools where this self-identification problem is apparently the biggest . 
  on the other hand , many non-trans high school kids do n't like to share the bathroom with the other gender because they can be self-conscious . 
  some high schools have responded by removing the genders on bathrooms on certain floors ( e.g. 
  ground floor and 2nd floor have segregation , 1st and 3rd floors do n't ) , so everyone can go wherever they want . 
  in the netherlands there are schools that do it , but i do n't think it 's the norm . 
  dutch national parks are also accessible by public transportation . 
  in many of them there are bicycles for rent to move through the parks themselves , but you can also walk of course . 
  very comfortable to walk or cycle , because cars ca n't enter the parks ( except emergency services and similar ) . 
  pear flavored popsicles are also extremely popular in summer . 
  depending on the country it might be seen as a personal question , and it 's considered rude to ask such personal questions to complete strangers . 
  the dutch seem to be the exception , not the french . 
  i also answered for france because i have lived in france , been there often and speak the language . 
  in italy it 's also appreciated in my experience , but my experience there is limited . 
  i think the germans mind less if you skip the german phrases , but again , limited experience . 
  by the way , maybe wikivoyage 's [ phrasebooks ] ( https://en.wikivoyage.org/wiki/phrasebooks#europe ) will help you . 
  if you get to the netherlands , do n't bother with dutch . 
  we speak english and like showing it off . 
  no need to slow the conversation down with unintelligible sentences for things that are so easy even dutch newborns know them in english . 
  seems we 're an exception though . 
  in france speaking french as a foreigner , even just a few words , is very much appreciated . 
  `` bonjour '' , `` s ` il vous pla\u00eet '' and `` excusez moi '' is probably the least you should know and use . 
  could you explain ? 
  why did my ancestors make use of patriotic mottos , symbols and songs and why are you still doing it ? 
  i tried to find things with a few western european countries , and while all obviously tick a few of those points if you look for them , the us ticks most , and you could even argue all . 
  of course they 're doing it in a `` better '' way than the nazis ( the human rights thing especially : the us violates human rights [ regularly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_rights_violations_by_the_cia ) , but it does n't even come close to the scale at which nazi germany did ) , but he makes a pretty good case that the us is like `` fascism light '' . 
  i would be surprised if you could argue the same with any western european country, 
  the problem is your girlfriend and the in-laws , not their ability to speak a dialect . 
  it 's just rude not to speak regular dutch in company that does n't speak the local dialect . 
  that guy in / r/askanamerican is a bit of a troll , do n't take him too seriously . 
  but as mentioned in that thread you definitely hear the african american vernacular english , which even europeans can easily recognize . 
  it might be considered worrisome that such distinct dialects are mostly spoken by one race , because it implies that there 's segregation between the races instead of them mixing together , which is a barrier to equality . 
  the same happens in the netherlands , though less strongly . 
  you can often distinguish the accents of moroccan-born dutch people , at least the lower-educated part . 
  probably because they mix less with the native population . 
  but , like in the us , it 's not fixed . 
  the mayor of rotterdam , for example , is moroccan-born but you ca n't hear it . 
  apart from that we just have the geographical dialects and accents . 
  but that 's not much of a problem , because that segregation is natural : by distance . 
  dialects are often spoken next to `` regular '' dutch as if they 're separate languages , in which case it 's not a problem anytime . 
  some people ca n't get rid of a strong accent even in regular dutch , which does carry a bit of a stigma . 
  no it 's not . 
  two fists that you bump twice on the pinkies . 
  means the same as giving the finger , but can be shown on american television . 
  it really depends on what you prefer . 
  there 's plenty to do , so you 'd enjoy a second day in disneyland . 
  but if you do n't need to see or do everything one day could be enough , and you 'd probably also enjoy a day of paris . 
  but then does that answer op 's question about regional identity and regional patriotism ? 
  the urkers have a very strong regional identity , the frisians even have some regional patriotism , but they still introduce themselves as dutch to foreigners . 
  it 's difficult to say what most people would say . 
  i think almost everyone would say they 're dutch to foreigners ( because how many foreigners know frisian or limburgish ? , not to mention achterhoeks or drents ) but as their local area to dutch people ( because it 's pretty obvious that you 're dutch if you speak dutch without a foreign accent ) . 
  the only region most foreigners have heard of is holland , but they do n't think of it as a region . 
  this is different in the uk , of which most foreigners will know the four countries . 
  england might be confusing in the same way as holland , but scotland and wales are very well known too . 
  northern ireland is probably a little less well known ( sorry ni'ers ) , but still . 
  i do n't think there 's any other insurance that covers repatriation , which i believe is standard in travel insurance . 
  it 's the main reason i have travel insurance . 
  i like to travel and if i suddenly need to go home for whatever reason i like that i do n't have to pay the extremely high fares for last-minute flights or international train tickets myself . 
  yeah from what i 've heard about it it 's similar . 
  i think the prices are much lower in the netherlands , though . 
  i 'm not sure how it works in the uk , but you 're right about the netherlands . 
  we have no free healthcare , but every adult living in the netherlands is required to buy health insurance . 
  the market is of course regulated : insurance companies ca n't refuse any client or charge different amounts , there is a minimum coverage that is very extensive and a maximum deductible is also set . 
  even with the cheapest insurance you ca n't really go bankrupt over healthcare costs . 
  in addition to this there are government subsidies available for those with low income . 
  for me ( no taxable income ) the subsidy is a few euros per month more than the price of my insurance , so i make a slight profit on having health insurance . 
  however , in return i have chosen for an insurance with the highest legal deductible so i would have to pay up to $ 885 out of pocket if i break all the bones in my body . 
  for me this is no problem , i have enough money in my bank account . 
  a luxury would imply that many people want one but ca n't afford one . 
  that 's not the case here . 
  it 's not a necessity either , you can live perfectly fine without a car , which is why many people simply prefer not to buy a car . 
  in cities it 's often just a hassle to own a car . 
  just a large bunch of metal that 's slow and costs a lot of money and effort to drive and to park . 
  cycling and public transport are very popular . 
  between cities cars are used more . 
  there it usually just depends on your preference . 
  some people prefer to drive themselves and some people prefer to relax or even to work in the train . 
  cycling between cities is becoming more and more popular , thanks to the e-bicycle ( and of course the excellent cycling infrastructure ) . 
  in rural areas even here there are places where almost every household owns at least one car . 
  public transport exists there too , but only the most popular lines have a regular connection . 
  you can probably go to other places without a car if you have to , but for your commute a car makes more sense . 
  the netherlands has the advantage that these rural areas are rare . 
  the cheapest personal liability insurances cost less than $ 3/month , but it can prevent a lot of unexpected costs .
