  apparently it 's the leaning tower , the cathedral and a few museums and not much more . 
  it 's also relatively far away from milan , but maybe you can just not make a full day of pisa and combine it with another place . 
  does n't really exist here , because we have a concept called `` minimum wage '' which means everyone who works gets at least a certain amount of money , enough for a ( frugal ) life . 
  i think at a pharmacy you get much more than minimum wage . 
  however , i think finding a job at a pharmacy without speaking the language well/fluently is going to be a problem . 
  i do n't know much about the field , but a lot of old people go to pharmacies and those are the people least likely to speak english . 
  that would probably mean you 're tied to uk , ireland and malta ( and maybe portugal if you speak portuguese ) . 
  my biggest concern would be carrying all that stuff around so much , which is inconvenient and might increase the risk of damaging something . 
  it could bring extra costs with it too , as you might opt for more expensive options for transport ( taxi instead of metro , tram instead of walking , ... ) . 
  some hotels do n't allow you to check in before the ( late ) afternoon , so if you arrive with an early flight check out if that 's the case and if so whether or not you can leave the luggage safely at the hotel before that time . 
  if you get a decent hotel and you lock the room i do n't think there 'll be much of a security problem . 
  as an extra precaution you can get lockable suitcases , and maybe even hide it and/or tie it to something in the room . 
  or maybe use an airport locker instead of leaving at the hotel ? 
  i do n't know if they can be trusted , but it would mostly solve my first concern . 
  apart from the ones you named i think terrorism , the environment and [ drowning princes ] ( http://cphpost.dk/news/australian-lifeguard-saves-denmarks-prince-christian-from-drowning.html ) . 
  that was after 8 years of george w bush . 
  to be fair , wilders has said and done some pretty stupid stuff . 
  he proposed a veil/headscarf/hijab tax and was going to `` arrange that moroccans leave the country '' after he urged his crowd to chant they wanted fewer moroccans . 
  i do n't think that 'll happen . 
  i read somewhere that a study found that a majority of americans fear donald trump becoming president . 
  but if it happens it would probably not be good for the european relations . 
  this is n't all of them , but it 's nice enough : '' [ when paris turned out its lights , the rest of the world turned them on ] ( https://i.imgur.com/coeypsb.jpg ) '', 
  these kids are still 15-18 years old so not the best . 
  maths ' a mandatory subject so you will get students who are n't very motivated . 
  it depends a lot on the teacher too . 
  i ca n't speak for all of europe though . 
  i 've heard that in some countries high school is more formal than in the nl , maybe students there are even more well behaved . 
  dutch students are n't nearly as bad ( bullying students or teachers ) as the ones portrayed in american movies/tv , but i think that 's because of exaggerations and not because of american high school students . 
  i 've never even heard of dutch students being pushed into a toilet , tied to a pole or getting a wedgie , so if that is american reality ( all these scripts must be based on something right ? ), 
  then maybe it is much better here . 
  other differences : we barely have extracurricular activities ( people just do music/sports/whatever in their free time at dedicated clubs ) and no school buses ( we use bicycles ) . 
  is the degree a mathematics degree or something else ? 
  what languages do you speak fluently ? 
  i think you need a doctorate to teach at college level in most countries ( doctorate comes from the latin word for `` teaching '' after all ) , so i doubt there will be many even if you 're fluent in every language and the master 's degree is a dual degree in teaching and mathematics . 
  in the universities i know of people can be teaching assistants while they 're getting their doctorate , so that might be the best route to take if you want to teach at that level in europe . 
  or you can switch to high schools . 
  i often hear they 're looking for high school maths teachers in the netherlands ( and i 've heard similar things of other countries ) . 
  there are even quite a lot of bilingual schools who might be interested in an english native speaker who is allowed to teach maths ( you need a master 's degree to teach the later years of high school here ) . 
  in france there 's `` quick '' , but it 's just european mcdonald 's . 
  barely anything different apart from the white q instead of yellow m. and of course there 's fish and chips in the uk . 
  it can be street food , but you can often find it in restaurants or pubs . 
  i knew it , and i like it . 
  if you mean a left wing-right wing spectrum i do n't agree . 
  if you mean a hell-heaven spectrum , i 'm inclined to agree . 
  / r/europes, 
  i think he just wants popular vote . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://strawpoll.me/5858790 ) , op, 
  nobody has mentioned that creepy brainwash-y pledge of allegiance yet ? 
  that 's just all kinds of awful . 
  and whose idea was it to have all boys maimed just after birth for fun ? 
  in france it 's common to say ( the equivalent of ) `` 13 o'clock '' , but not everyone does it . 
  right wing parties are n't exactly on the rise in the netherlands if you add them together . 
  it shows that the current level is about the same as the level of the last elections in 2012 . 
  if you just look at the populist pvv ( geert wilders ' party ) [ here ] ( http://www.allepeilingen.com/index.php/peilingen-politieke-partijen-vanaf-2004-pvv.html ) you see a slight rise since those elections , but mostly because his polls were in a dip during those elections , not because right now is an extreme high . 
  there is no requirement to notify anyone if you have a visa for the schengen zone . 
  however , on french trains you are required to label each piece of luggage with your first and last names . 
  both the eurostar to london and the thalys to amsterdam are considered french trains . 
  ( there are other trains between antwerp and the netherlands that do n't have this requirement , i do n't think there are other trains between london and the european mainland ) usually they are n't strict about this at all , they do n't even check , but i think it 's possible they have become more strict after the attempted terrorist attack a few weeks ago . 
  that 's not even mentioning the rental costs , which could be substantial especially if you 're making a one-way trip . 
  [ sixt spain ] ( http://www.sixt.es/precios-y-reservas/descuentos-para-estudiantes/ ) advertises to 18-year-old students . 
  i 'm sure it 's possible to rent something there . 
  sixt portugal may be a good place to start , they at least do n't seem to mind younger drivers . 
  note that an american driver 's license may not be valid in ( some ) european countries . 
  i recommend looking into it , and maybe getting an `` international driving permit '' . 
  a few years ago from someone i 'd estimate between 30 and 40 years old . 
  i doubt she used it as a derogatory term : we both worked in france for a rental car agency ( only new cars ) . 
  could it be different across regions ? 
  ( this was in south-eastern france somewhere ), 
  thanks , edited . 
  the way i was once explained was that diesel was about the engine and gazole was the fuel , but she could very well have been wrong . 
  i 'd like to add that they speak french in france !, 
  okay , you should already know that , but it can be important : * another name for diesel is `` gasoil '' or ( the same word frenchified ) `` gazole '' . 
  * the name for petrol is `` essence '' . 
  * lpg is `` gpl '' ( and i think i 've heard `` gaz '' ) but that 's pretty rare and most likely not what you 'll be getting . 
  at the rental car agency in paris they 'll probably speak english , but if they do n't and you 're still not certain what fuel is used just ask `` gazole ou essence ? '', 
  and i 'll confirm that you will have to pump the fuel yourself . 
  we order our workers on the internet , not on a street corner or parking lot . 
  they 're often people who have a real job and just do some extra work in the evenings or weekends because they like the work or they 'd like more money . 
  workers are often polish but also often dutch . 
  dates for 2015 in the netherlands 1 jan - new year 's day 3 apr - good friday 5 apr - easter sunday 6 apr - easter monday 27 apr - king 's day 5 may - liberation day 14 may - ascension thursday 24 may - pentecost sunday 25 may - pentecost monday ( 5 dec - sinterklaas eve ) 25 dec - first christmas day 26 dec - second christmas day ( 31 dec - old year 's day ) the two between brackets are not official holidays , but the days are known to have the afternoon rush hour start several hours early ( and be much less severe ) because most people will be going home earlier or take a vacation day . 
  why we extended several christian holidays i do n't know . 
  / r/askeurope has never had megathreads . 
  / r/europe does now allow threads about immigration again , but will be strict about reposts . 
  read [ the announcement that was just posted ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hcbld/changes_in_reurope_moderation/ ), 
  if you still use the same email address ( or at least have access to the one you probably used then ) could n't you search for the email you sent to see the address ? 
  you probably remember something about the suggestion or the email address , with that it should n't be too hard . 
  are people ever arrested for it here ? 
  i think most people will have heard this in tv shows and the like , so will recognize it as normal . 
  and those that do n't will probably not correct you speaking your own native language . 
  i do however want to warn you that , at least in the netherlands , these questions will often be interpreted as questions instead of as the greeting you probably mean it to be . 
  expect answers and maybe slight surprise that a stranger would ask such a personal question . 
  do your research on parking for every city !, 
  coming unprepared will probably mean you 'll end up paying very high fees or get towed if you stay there too long ( car parks or streets in city centres often have a 2h limit or similar ) . 
  in the western cities the best option will usually be some car park outside the centre and taking a train or bus into the centre ( p+r ) . 
  in cyprus , france , greece , ireland , italy , malta and the uk they are still common ( source : [ this somewhat outdated french wikipedia article ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/ch%c3%a8que#statistiques_sur_le_ch.c3.a8que ) ) . 
  however , usage of cheques is declining rapidly in all those countries too . 
  the rest of europe does n't really use cheques anymore . 
  international bank account number, 
  are you ( temporarily ) living in europe ? 
  in that case the easiest would be to get a bank account ( costs a few $ per year , in some cases it 's even free ) .
