  the bruxellois and walloons will refuse to speak any other language than french , even if they 're fluent in the other language and they work in a restaurant or hotel in a tourist area . 
  belgium also has n't maintained or updated their infrastructure since the middle ages , so it 's one big permanent traffic jam and every train from there is always delayed . 
  ze germans took our bicycles and refuse to give them back . 
  they also invade our beaches every summer , digging holes in the sand everywhere . 
  the brits ca n't handle their liquor and drugs ( and combine them ) , so they harass our sex workers and fall into the canals to be found a few days later . 
  the french are like the walloons language-wise , but they are also rude snobs , especially when it comes to wine or food , and always carry a baguette . 
  weekly strikes , at least . 
  you should also include the price in your consideration . 
  did you know that rental car companies charge a lot of money for international one way trips ? 
  this one-way-fee can run into the hundreds of euros easily and you still have to pay for the rental days , fuel , tolls , parking , etc. 
  a car can also be very inconvenient in cities , especially historic cities like venice and florence , because they 're simply not built for cars . 
  i would therefore still recommend the train . 
  but you do n't have to buy a ticket from munich to venice . 
  while it is n't as spontaneous as you might be with a car , you can just buy tickets from munich to x , from x to y and then from y to venice beforehand . 
  go sightseeing , have lunch or even get a hotel in x or y ( hotels are probably cheaper in smaller towns ) and then continue . 
  there could be even more trains that run between the towns if they 're closer together , expanding your options to be spontaneous , though that is n't always the case with international trains and/or very small towns . 
  by the way , if you 're not from the eu ( likely , considering your time zone ) , your driver 's license may not be valid everywhere in the eu . 
  particularly italy seems to be quite strict with demanding an international driving permit , iirc . 
  if you do decide on the car , do n't forget to check that out . 
  in the netherlands they 're pretty strict with the rules , but the rules allow enough room to bring a bicycle : you must buy a ticket for the bicycle and you can only use it outside rush hour . 
  i 've seen someone get a fine in a french tgv for carrying his bicycle against regulations , the conductor mentioned that because it slowed down exiting in case of fire , but he was n't forced to get out of the next stop . 
  based on that and that there 's always a conductor on those trains checking tickets i assume they 're pretty strict there too . 
  maybe a folding bicycle is an option ? 
  it 's mostly used for commuting , but it seems to fit your situation perfectly too . 
  lol , / r/imagesofrussia is n't a troll sub . 
  it 's a sub where a bot reposts every image on reddit that the bot thinks are in or about russia ( based on the title ) . 
  look in the sidebar , there are equivalents for many other countries . 
  you also posted this image to / r/russia with `` russian '' in the title , which probably triggered the bot . 
  i 've visited new york . 
  i like that you can still see the dutch influences in names , flags , monuments , etc. 
  never seen it either . 
  first : it 's * 's - hertogenbosch * , the first part is there for historical reasons . 
  another name for the same city is * den bosch * , which is probably easier to write . 
  hitchhiking is probably doable if you do n't mind the uncertainty , but i 've never done it so i ca n't really recommend it . 
  if you want more certainty and it does n't matter when you want to go there you could use blablacar ( basically hitchhiking with a reservation ) . 
  there are a few people who drive from calais to eindhoven this month , but not many . 
  from eindhoven it 's a $ 6.30 train ride to den bosch . 
  i have used this about a dozen times and only once was there a slight problem ( which was my own fault , i was locked out of my phone and could n't answer the driver 's text messages so he eventually left without me :p ) you could take the train for even more certainty and flexibility , but it 's more expensive ( cheapest i see is $ 59 ) and it looks like you need to transfer at least twice ( eurostar to brussels , then intercity trains via roosendaal ) maybe there are buses ? 
  we 're the [ language learning kings of europe ] ( https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/number-of-languages.jpg ) ( in my thinking luxembourgers are often brought up multilingual so i 'm just going to ignore them when it comes to language learning , but maybe we 're the crown prince instead ) from speaking with foreigners about language education , i 've noticed that an important difference is that our teachers are usually perfectly fluent and nearly accent-less , with many being native speakers . 
  i 've heard from many people from many countries that their teachers already have a strong accent or do n't really speak the language fluently . 
  although i 'm sure there are good teachers in every country , it of course has a big influence . 
  from looking around here it seems like we also use the language more in class than most . 
  of course we also have to learn grammar and vocabulary , but in addition we regularly gave presentations , we watched ( children 's ) tv , we read articles or books , etc. . 
  presentations could be about the stupidest things ( e.g. 
  pretend you 're a german weatherman and make up some extreme weather forecast for tomorrow ) , but they really help . 
  past the first few years the teacher almost only spoke in the language being taught and the same was expected from the students . 
  -- we have mandatory english from somewhere in elementary school and from the beginning of high school ( age 12-13 ) we get an additional one to three/four mandatory languages - depending on the education level ( four only if you include latin & old greek which are taught very differently ) . 
  in the second half of high school you can choose to drop part of your subjects but english is always mandatory and the highest level requires at least one other language . 
  in addition to the mandatory subjects it 's often possible to learn more languages . 
  quite a few . 
  the normal international trains are usually not much more expensive than domestic trains . 
  high speed trains can be very expensive if you need a specific train on short term , but if you book well in advance and/or are flexible with time and date they can be very affordable , if you 're lucky even cheaper than the normal speed train . 
  to plan an international train journey to or from the netherlands you can use [ nsinternational.nl ] ( https://www.nsinternational.nl/en ) . 
  on the home page they advertise the cheapest fares and those fares are not difficult to find . 
  netherlands is n't strictly scandinavian , but when it comes to prisons we fit in just fine . 
  norway even rents a prison in the netherlands ( they have a shortage of cells , we have too many , makes sense ) and recently news came out that the [ norwegian prisoners prefer the dutch prisons over norwegian ones ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2016/02/dutch-jail-popular-with-norwegian-prisoners-less-work-more-phone-time/ ) . 
  regarding your question , first it should be added that we do n't dinstinguish `` jail '' and `` prison '' in the netherlands . 
  criminals are first arrested and taken to a police cell and a judge will quickly decide if an immediate sentence is possible or if an investigation is necessary . 
  in the latter case the judge will also decide if the prisoner will be `` released under conditions '' or taken to prison . 
  you would n't stay in a police cell for more than a few days , while you might stay in a jail for months . 
  i looked around a bit and it seems like there are some differences between a police cell and a prison cell . 
  police cells will usually consist of materials that are difficult or impossible to vandalize , and where it 's impossible to commit suicide . 
  this impacts the niceness , but for very understandable reasons . 
  furthermore it 's not possible to come in contact with fellow prisoners in a police cell , which might make it less comfortable to stay in for longer periods . 
  from looking at some pictures it also looks like it may be a bit smaller : e.g. 
  only amsterdam has night buses every night throughout the year , although some of these buses go to other towns and cities . 
  most cities , even some smaller ones have night buses that run on the weekend nights ( and in some cases also thursday night ) . 
  there are also night trains between the larger cities every hour on the weekend nights . 
  some popular vacation destinations have night buses every night , but only in the summer . 
  definitely no 24/7 stores in smaller cities and towns here . 
  they are hard to find even in the larger cities . 
  i do n't know if you 've done road trips before , but i think planning the travel time to the minute is a bit weird because you 're going to encounter delays ( traffic jams , roadworks , wrong turn/exit ) . 
  looks like you have some time left in that case , some other things : * make sure you include parking in your budget and planning . 
  most larger cities charge a lot for parking , especially in the city center , so maybe it 'd be worth it to find a park & ride . 
  usually a large car park near an important road with access to public transportation to the city center , and often free or very cheap . 
  a few cities ( london , stockholm , ... ? ), 
  also charge you for entering the city center in general . 
  * make sure you 're allowed to drive in every country with your driver 's license . 
  the us is n't exactly known for its safe driving culture or extensive driving exams so some countries do n't allow it . 
  maybe look into getting an international driving permit ( most countries do accept that , even though there 's not a separate exam ... ) . 
  sometimes a foreign license is allowed but a translation in the local language is necessary . 
  * probably not a problem with rental cars since they 're almost always newer cars , but some cities ( many in germany , some in the netherlands , possibly other countries as well ) have started making it illegal to enter the city center with the worst polluting cars . 
  * you probably already know this , but do take into account that fuel is much more expensive here than in the us . 
  yeah , i thought you meant something different . 
  those are homonyms . 
  i can imagine it makes reading a sentence more difficult ( though it might make learning the vocabulary a little easier ) , but i do n't really see how you would lose nuance . 
  i do n't know if dutch has a relatively high amount of homonyms , could be . 
  could you give an example ? 
  i 'm sure you 're right ( this happens the other way around too ) , but i ca n't think of any right now . 
  even if they vote to leave , i do n't think they 're out the eu the next day . 
  it would probably take months , if not years , to get everything sorted out . 
  if you also leave the eea i expect it 'll be significantly more effort to move there permanently . 
  you would probably need a work visa and maybe even go through some kind of immigration process . 
  if you stay in the eea i do n't think much would change . 
  it may be harder to get diplomas/certificates recognized if they do n't abide by eu regulations anymore , but i doubt that 'd change on the short term . 
  plenty of people have a second bicycle . 
  one fancy for everyday use and one crappy for when you wo n't be able to park it safely . 
  or one in your own city and one in the city you work in , so you can cycle both to the train station and then from the other train station to work/school . 
  netherlands of course, 
  you can get coffee in amsterdam 's coffee shops .
