  there also are n't huge stocks of cheeses , just small stocks of a lot of different types . 
  yeah i have n't talked about the refrigerated bread toppings , they 're usually in a separate area ( like it seems they are in walmart ) . 
  and to actually answer your question : yes , for cheeses that is pretty standard . 
  discount supermarkets like lidl and aldi might have less , like a meter or two . 
  it 's kind of excessive compared to dutch supermarkets , but mostly because there 's a lot of the same product , there 's not a lot of variety between products as far as i can see . 
  there 's more of the same because this is clearly a major store and therefore probably outside the city . 
  most dutch cities do n't allow those `` hypermarkets '' outside the city , because we do n't want people to be dependent on cars , and want to protect the inner cities . 
  so our supermarkets often have less space and as a consequence there 's often fewer of the same product , but still plenty of different types . 
  regarding differences in types of products : * peanut butter is very popular here too , but it 's so much less sweetened here that americans usually do n't like ours . 
  * we have honey and jam , and many different types like you , but jelly is n't really a thing here . 
  if by `` honey/jam mix '' you mean it 's one product , i 've never heard of that . 
  * i do n't see a single type of hagelslag . 
  that 's a major part of our bread toppings-section , with many different kinds of chocolate and fruity flavors , shapes and sizes , etc. 
  * i do n't think we have maple butter , but we have ( probably similar ) things like apple butter and other kinds of fruit butter . 
  some good suggestions , but in reality the person would probably be the king every time . 
  i think we were sooner with that . 
  according to [ this section ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/legal_history_of_cannabis_in_the_united_states#medical_use ) on wikipedia that started in 1978 in the us . 
  that 's around the same time our government started growing their own medicinal cannabis , but before they started that patients got a 50 % discount at the `` coffeeshops '' if they bought cannabis for medicinal purposes . 
  well you do have the stoner subculture , with 4:20 and clothes with cannabis leaves on them . 
  that 's seen as an american thing . 
  we do n't really do any of that , or leave it to tourists . 
  it 's not a stereotype for all ( north ) americans though . 
  it 's not a culture i know a lot about , but i liked this graffiti war among football fans ahead of the dutch cup final : https://imgur.com/a/qyq7z, 
  in the netherlands they 're not very important . 
  we elect provincial governments , but they have little power . 
  the power they have is mostly related to planning things that influence multiple municipalities ( roads , cycle highways and public transport , green areas , but also things like a shopping mall in one municipality that would attract shoppers from another ) . 
  there can be cultural differences , though some provinces more than others . 
  quite a few people do identify with their province when speaking to people from other provinces , especially those from outside the biggest cities . 
  but that would n't really work with foreigners . 
  most maps of the netherlands have the provincial borders on them , though . 
  every time something changes to our healthcare system the us system is brought up as a worst-case scenario or as fear mongering : `` it 's a slippery slope to american healthcare ! '', 
  of course that does n't mean there 's actually a problem . 
  fear mongerers do n't really care about the truth , as your self-post clearly indicates , but it shows what the general view of the us healthcare system is . 
  most of the country , including every province and its capital city . 
  william of orange aka william the silent is our `` father of the fatherland '' . 
  he lead the fight against the spanish ( total scumbags ) in the 80 years ' war , and our national anthem is sung from his perspective ( e.g. 
  `` true to the fatherland , i will remain until i die a prince of orange , free and brave '' ), 
  in 2014 the official poverty line for someone living alone was a net income of $ 971 per month . 
  that 's considered the bare minimum , and there 's a second line that they call a `` not much but just enough '' , at $ 1063 . 
  the numbers are higher when there are multiple people in a household . 
  ^ [ 1 ] ( https://digitaal.scp.nl/armoedeinkaart2016/waar_ligt_de_armoedegrens/ ) those numbers seem to be used today still . 
  about 6.7 % of people in the netherlands live below that just-enough-line . 
  ^ [ 2 ] ( https://digitaal.scp.nl/armoedeinkaart2016/verwachte_armoede_in_2015-2017/ ) i think living at that level is very doable . 
  as a student i live on about half the poverty line and i 'm even able to save some money , though i 'm in student housing that 's relatively cheap and my transportation is free ( bicycle + free public transport for students ) so it 's not entirely comparable . 
  it 's you . 
  there 's a british flag at the bottom , at least [ on the main menu ] ( http://i.imgur.com/f8yrohl.jpg ) . 
  yeah here in the netherlands it 's definitely possible to get by with english only . 
  however , it 'll be difficult to get integrated in dutch social circles without speaking dutch and not all government agencies or companies have their websites and forms in english , so for a long-term stay it 's still recommended to learn dutch . 
  it can be difficult to practice dutch though , because many dutch people lack the patience to converse in badly spoken dutch . 
  the advantage for tourists is that you can stick to english completely here ( unlike in some other countries ) . 
  there were a few protests against trump right after the inauguration , but i do n't think anyone took them very seriously . 
  wilders , our own trump avant-la-lettre , is a public supporter of trump and copies some of his tactics ( he has been attacking the media much more , even canceling debates and interviews with them ) , but it does n't seem like it did him much good . 
  in the last few weeks he 's been slowly but steadily losing support in the polls . 
  the other parties are mostly against trump and treat the situation like a problem or an argument to increase our defense budget and/or european cooperation . 
  nothing too severe though , i 've heard noone talk about cutting ties with the us entirely or implementing sanctions , for example . 
  the term is quite well-known here . 
  of course it used to be a name for the dutch settlers in what is now the us , so it 's in our history books . 
  now there 's a connection with the whole us , for example a small restaurant chain in my area is called `` yankee doodle '' ( they 're all-you-can-eat and dressed up in a wild west theme ) , but it 's not that common to call people yankees . 
  but then it would be useless to do an ama , they could just ask each other questions in person !, 
  yeah we 've been quite successful organizing political amas this election season . 
  so far we 've had the leaders of 3 different parties , plus another politician , and the leader of the youth organization of another party . 
  there are 2 more amas with politicians from new parties in the works ( not party leaders though , and it 's not certain yet , but still ) . 
  the snowball effect is very noticeable . 
  it started with the number 7 of one party and the number 1 of the pirate party ( which is insignificant here in the nl , no seats in parliament nor in the polls ) . 
  those two amas went well and then we could refer to those as examples with some traffic stats from the admins showing how many people see them . 
  that really helped/helps convince bigger names to also do amas . 
  most people we ask still say no or do n't respond , though . 
  water if i 'm at home . 
  some kind of soft drink or beer if i 'm eating out . 
  with eurostar you reserve a seat on a specific train , so if you want to do london-calais-brussels with the same train and meet your friend on the train you can buy one ticket , but if you want to get out to meet your friend on calais station and continue later ( even if it 's just the next train ) you 'll have to buy separate tickets . 
  you might not be able to sit next to each other if you take the former option , i do n't know how much choice you 're offered in regards to choosing your seat . 
  for the brussels-bruges leg of the journey you 'll have to take a separate train , but if you do that within 24 hours of your arrival in brussels you should consider buying a ticket from london or calais to `` any belgian station '' instead of to brussels . 
  with a ticket like that train journeys within belgium are included in the ticket price . 
  it 's not necessarily the cheapest option , train tickets in belgium can be pretty cheap , but i doubt the price difference would be large . 
  yes , tap water is fine here, 
  i like a good old gouda, 
  i live in a modern apartment building and i rarely hear the neighbors . 
  only if they 're drilling in the walls or drop something heavy . 
  dutch people also have to see beyond the lyrics and pronunciation . 
  also many city names are changed for carnival ( especially in the province of brabant where the tradition started ) . 
  nope, 
  the free public transport is part of the student grants , so the conditions are about the same . 
  students from the eea living in the netherlands can get the same perk if they , their partner or their parent ( s ) work at least 56 hours per month in the netherlands . 
  free public transport part of the week ( either mo-fr or fr-su , 40 % discount for the days it 's not free ) , uni usually pays for software that you ( might ) need and you can usually loan stuff for free from the university library . 
  then of course there are discounts for a lot of things . 
  as long as the questions are good , why ? 
  what would you think about forbidding reposts of the same question within , for example , 1 month ? 
  i proposed this in my mod application for this subreddit for the same reason ; it can be annoying if questions are asked too often . 
  not just to read , but i think it also makes people less inclined to participate . 
  this way the questions could still be repeated so they are n't outdated etc. , there would just be a little less repetition , especially regarding political trends . 
  whatsapp and slack . 
  sometimes skype but not for text messages , just video . 
  [ fixed link ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/hr/9/95/kolinda_grabar_kitarovi%c4%87_razgovarala_s_bidenom_h20151125000402.jpg ) . 
  ironically it 's your '' ( sorry on mobile ) '' message that fucked it up . 
  i do n't think i have , but i have experienced temperatures over 35 and that went * okay * . 
  not a lot of fun , but with air conditioning inside i was able to deal with the short periods outside . 
  both also exist in the netherlands , though of course more as jokes than real superstitions, 
  1 ) cet , gmt +1 2 ) i 'm from the netherlands and have lived in several other european countries . 
  currently back in the netherlands , but i live within cycling distance from belgium and study in an international environment , so i am still exposed to many other european and some non-european cultures . 
  3 ) i speak english , dutch , german , french and spanish , plus some basics of many other languages .
