  seems like an empty threat considering that they just recently tried to leave uk via referendum and failed . 
  - so ... do you wan na go to my place ? 
  - oh , just a moment . 
  can i have your name , surname , full address and phone number ? 
  - why ? ... 
  - i need report to police that i 'm going to have sex with you or else i will go to prison for 5 years . 
  - ... judge is a moron if he or worse , she expects that the guy will not break these terms . 
  i probably would shove the freak out of the building if i were in your case and report him to the authorities ... 
  because what 's the point ? 
  even if russia would attack ukraine let 's say , then nato still wo n't act . 
  and nato countries wo n't be allowed to assist with force . 
  brigade is just for show . 
  europol - captain obvious, 
  particularly here in ireland , there is a major region to region bus service called bus \u00c9ireann . 
  however it 's infamous for one of the worst restroom conditions at their bus station in dublin . 
  poorly lit , strong smell , hookers phone numbers written in the cabin , most of toilet seats dirty , same almost on daily basis as if they literally never clean them . 
  sounds pretty cool . 
  though i personally believe we have no proper grounds to join with ukraine since they are not in nato . 
  i am patriotic of eu as a whole , not so much patriotic of my own home country ( lithuania ) . 
  my home country shamefully disregards evidence of abuse and obvious corruption . 
  eu brought peace and cooperation back to europe . 
  getting rid of eu will be one step closer in bringing back hate . 
  i am lithuanian . 
  interesting article . 
  however it feels very biased than historical . 
  ussr saw the opportunity and took it , no need in keep on mentioning how bad , how evil ussr was . 
  if ussr would be truly evil , the bloody sunday would be an execution day , rather than guns being shot into the air above people heads . 
  it could have been much worse than it was . 
  ireland does n't give a damn :d, 
  the stats has to be verified . 
  but if they are true then it shows what kind of idiots eu leaders are . 
  economy was shit as it is , and they decided to check how much lower can we get . 
  is this a joke or real ? 
  sad . 
  however nobody really cares what are some school boy 's political views so it 's laughable when people bring in conspiracies . 
  if he had the balls to express the unpopular opinion , then the country needs more people like him . 
  sadly he ended up being too weak to stick up with the consequences of his expression and decided to take an easy way out . 
  never engage in political arguments if you ca n't take personal attacks your way . 
  because you are bound to get that when expressing unpopular opinion . 
  that was decades ago ... 
  it was not even the same government , but the ussr . 
  it 's like being pissed of on nazi germany still over past actions . 
  same opinion rating . 
  why finland hates putin so much ? 
  more than even turkey ... or usa . 
  i beg to differ . 
  the reason that those countries are in the eu , is the reason that those countries slowly are adapting same values as the western europe . 
  slow progress is better than no progress . 
  really ? 
  quite surprising for a country such as sweden . 
  i do n't have a problem with prostitution if it 's off the streets . 
  as long as it 's private escort-like service where everything is managed through the website or phone rather than seeing hookers on the streets then i do n't mind their occupation being formally accepted and counted as contribution for taxes . 
  because honestly it 's hypocrisy to deny something like prostitution as occupation , but accept the porn star as one . 
  why should he ? 
  europe is divided in this matter . 
  west supports gays , eastern is against gays . 
  you ca n't really tell one person how should he live in his country . 
  imagine usa would legalize incest and tell you that you should too . 
  you probably would just say that they are disgusting . 
  that 's similarly how most of anti-lgbt countries feel like . 
  you ca n't force them . 
  people need to make the decision themselves , for or against . 
  at the moment for this particular country it 's against . 
  over time it may change . 
  people have to understand one thing . 
  not everybody has the same political views as you do . 
  and it 's common for people to violently reject it when you try to shove it down their throats by force . 
  gay marriage as an example of how different people are . 
  try to ban gay marriage in usa , then people will create riots over it . 
  but try the opposite , to legalize it in russia and people will start riots against it . 
  we are all different , and will never have unified opinion . 
  we are decided by what the local majority believes in . 
  irrelevant . 
  the region is stable and overwhelming percentage of population there support putin . 
  it 's pretty safe to call it russian territory now . 
  your concern would have some merit only if the local people would be in open warfare against russians , refusing to accept them . 
  then yes , it would be a disputed territory . 
  how is this news ? 
  putin said the same comments last year . 
  i do n't see uk being in a great spot if they leave eu . 
  while i see the benefits , i also see much more negatives in the long run . 
  it amazes me every time i read how people so ignorantly show russia as some sort of tyrant over the annexation of crimea incident . 
  either these sort of people just blindly biased against russia , or do not even bother to do basic research that the actual people who live in crimea support the whole incident . 
  you can not be a tyrant if overwhelming majority of population in that area supports the annexation . 
  crimea has basically become northern ireland , but to russia instead of gb . 
  if you try to give crimea back to ukraine , you are literally asking for a revolt because people will not agree with it . 
  ( and yes , russians will gladly give some guns for the willing people to defend themselves ) . 
  say what you want of what is legal , what is not . 
  political parties who people support make it legal in the end . 
  to bring up again the ireland 's argument , if for some reason similar civil unrest will happen in ireland in reference to gb . 
  and gb will make a decision to annex northern ireland , then tough luck trying to make great britain as some sort of a tyrant but as long as the actual annexed people are content then there 's nothing you will do about it . 
  it 's still unusual for taxes to be collected in material value than in currency . 
  is n't that straight out roberry ? ... 
  we can help pack the bags . 
  always made me wonder why russian 's quote `` all roads lead to moscow '' sound so similar . 
  the whole refugees decision making did n't win her much favours either . 
  the whole notion of european union is the right to legally travel and work anywhere in the eu . 
  so seeing eu nationals , including spanish here does n't really surprise or bother me . 
  `` ugly '' ? 
  actually quite the opposite , now that you mention it i did notice a lot of sexy spanish women around here lately .
