  well ... . 
  @temporaryuser1000 at least there is one smart person here . 
  `` if you want peace , prepare for war . '', 
  keep on poking the bear with the stick , and there 's a narrow bridge before he attacks you ... 
  this whole thing is basically spilling more oil on fire . 
  i ca n't see how anybody thinks that this is a good news . 
  weapons = more deaths , more violence . 
  for defence ? 
  if russia would want for ukraine to disappear from the face of the earth , that would happen long time ago no matter how many weapons ukraine gets . 
  it was idiotic in the first place that the shop owners were responsible for such stuff . 
  you give away internet for free , pay for it yourself , and then get sued for what people download ? ... 
  it 's quite disgraceful that it took eu court this long to correct this common sense . 
  they should have just landed the plane on these morons . 
  black lives indeed matter , but these guys are just plain stupid . 
  mate , you are acting like a paranoid lunatic when it comes to this topic . 
  the moment someone is not automatically bashing on russians , you accuse them of being russians themselves or `` pretending being europeans '' . 
  if british partially take over ireland ( which they currently do might i add ) then yes it will become our business . 
  it will become eu business as ireland is a member . 
  but it wo n't be usa 's business for example . 
  we are acting like usa in this whole ukraine 's situation , someone who 's shoving his nose where it does n't belong . 
  makes me wonder why we care . 
  ukraine and russia 's business are their own . 
  not ours . 
  crimea citizens were pro-russian in the first place . 
  we really do n't . 
  kick her out of the office . 
  she did enough damage to europe as it is . 
  idiots ... they are only raising the racism by becoming an inconvenience to people and their holidays . 
  i read `` bikini-only day '' , sounded amazing . 
  until noticed my mistake and disappointment . 
  we do n't need an army , we 'll just stay neutral :d, 
  i hope merkel 's term will end soon . 
  she 's one of the worst things that happened to europe as of late . 
  literally tens of thousands of people warned what will her refugee policy bring to europe . 
  she did n't listen . 
  now that all those warnings came true , she showed her head into her own ass and keeps on playing the same tune , instead of admitting her failure . 
  there are no limits when you have the right to introduce new laws . 
  i do n't see the problem with the modern unified eu . 
  we lived together peacefully for decades . 
  modern citizens are used to seeing tens of different nationals in their countries and happily live with them . 
  england leaving the eu is not that surprising . 
  actually i am shocked it took them this long . 
  english citizens always were extremely anti-eu and vocal about it . 
  they always were treated as a `` special member '' of eu who does n't actually believe in the idea of a union . 
  and yes i said `` england '' and not united kingdom because it 's not eu that is shattering , it 's their kingdom that is shattering . 
  they are heavily politically divided now . 
  and that proud blue & red flag is at risk of going back to being white & red . 
  i am not sad that english that wanted to leave , left us . 
  they do n't belong in the union if they do n't want to be part of it . 
  i am sad for english , scottish and others who did wanted to stay in the union . 
  and hope we 'll find a way to get them back where they belong , in the european family . 
  world war 3 ? 
  learn the concept of world war . 
  the closest thing we have to world war trigger is russia vs eu which also drags nato in , which is extremely unlikely to happen . 
  as for islamic fanatics , even if we fight them it wo n't qualify as world war . 
  imagine police would kick in your door now , and says that they are deporting you ( pretend that you are a peaceful foreign citizen ) for being a suspected terrorist . 
  would that be fair ? 
  since there will be no trial , good luck defending yourself , pack the bags . 
  deport jihadists ? 
  they will deport themselves out you know . 
  yes . 
  i am imaging because less than 24 hours remaining . 
  how does state of emergency affect you personally ? 
  do n't generalize . 
  almost half of them support eu . 
  if scotland and northern ireland would leave uk then feel free to generalize . 
  that 's how politics work . 
  it 's never `` half of uk believes this '' and `` half of uk believes this '' . 
  it 's always `` uk believe this '' whatever is the majority . 
  for example gay marriage in ireland . 
  i do n't remember the numbers but do we say that 70 % ( made up numbers ) are for gay marriage . 
  and 30 % are against it ? 
  no , we say that ireland is for gay marriage as a whole . 
  why are you so assured of that . 
  i wonder if this means i require visa now for visiting my family in england . 
  and then bam , back to war . 
  or at least that 's the general opinion . 
  i loved the daily mirror one . 
  interesting picture used . 
  the longer you look at it , the more it seems like the darkness gets closer . 
  what else did you expect to be discussed when the article was published by the news outlet called `` euro maidan press '' . 
  this may be a stupid question , but even if you are scottish you are still part of uk . 
  are you allowed to vote on this subject ? 
  if so , this will be the second time scottish votes on leaving/staying from somewhere without such a short time :d, 
  another factor that the loudest people who shout are the ones who demand change . 
  even if they are the minority . 
  people who do n't want change simply will quietly vote to change nothing , without trying to fight social justice wars and raise awareness . 
  there was a huge scottish support online to leave uk . 
  but being loud as result showed does n't mean that your other fellow citizens think the same way . 
  even if it 's going to be 50 % - 50 % . 
  the result means change nothing , hence stay in eu . 
  eu wo n't accept uk back any time soon that 's for sure . 
  it may consider accepting uk back in decades time assuming 1 . 
  they will want to come back . 
  eu wo n't collapse . 
  but we are talking 2030 at least . 
  at least the majority are not ignorant . 
  glad to hear it . 
  still better than turkey . 
  correct me if i am wrong but i heard that modern germans get offended if you say that `` germans attacked europe '' back then .
