  never put much thought to it why 's there higher influx of them , considered it 's just a coincidence . 
  i never knew that spain is in so much trouble with unemployment . 
  not going to lie . 
  if i would get an easier access to an islamic country if i told that i 'm a muslim than a christian then i would just say i 'm muslim . 
  as if nato is not going to risk saying anything else in this matter . 
  it 's politics , you say what you have to not where you personally stand on the matter . 
  what do you mean `` allows '' ? 
  turkey is in nato . 
  they make it sound like they are making french a favour than do what they are obliged . 
  moving to greece ... 
  no no . 
  you are absolutely right with your example . 
  if we would be facing deforestation issue and the law will require people to stop using real christmas trees in a house then tough luck , people will have to use fake christimas trees which are widely being used either way in many homes because it 's cheaper , reusable and less mess from them . 
  as i have said before . 
  you still can show your faith through other clothing . 
  i am an atheist . 
  i do n't care if you are muslim or a christian . 
  if there 's merit to such law , then it has to take effect . 
  if the law would forbid you following islam then i would obviously not support it . 
  nobody has the right to tell you what to believe in and what not . 
  but in this case of clothing there has to be met a compromise . 
  mate , i sincerely do n't care about your religion or your phobias . 
  covering your face entirely is unsafe , easily exploitable and simply a sign of disrespect to people around you . 
  if i go inside to the shopping mall with a hoodie on the guard will stop me and ask me to take it off . 
  no different than a bank or other respect institution . 
  we are not banning your necklaces or other items that show your representation of islam . 
  we ban the clothing that makes it harder to identify you . 
  hate it , love it . 
  your choice . 
  if you feel being repressed , there are plenty of muslim countries in the world . 
  this should become eu law as a whole . 
  and hopefully over time it will . 
  how stupid was this girl ... why would you go to these fanatics , especially if you know how they treat women . 
  she sold herself to slavery the moment she made a concious decision to join these savages . 
  unfortunately we indeed need more horrible cases like this . 
  so that other foolish children would think twice what are they signing up for . 
  this is exactly why you can not be too oppressive . 
  but at the same time why you can not be too tolerant . 
  there should be a balance . 
  christians learned to minds their own business and stop aggressively preach their beliefs upon others . 
  so should muslims . 
  religion is not a law . 
  you do n't like a woman being present at the islamic school meetings ? 
  well tough f *** ing luck . 
  that 's a muslim belief , not mine so that woman stays where she wants . 
  a muslim pissed off gets hostile over it ? 
  arrest him . 
  tolerance works both ways . 
  why the hell would you shoot them ? 
  no matter how you look at it , they are useful as bargaining chips . 
  yes you do n't like russians i get it . 
  then capture the parachuting pilots and you can gain something from that . 
  why would you just do something entirely idiotic that you know would be condemned by the world and give you no real strategic value ... 
  i hope nato will not blindly get biased against russians in this incident simply because the west are generally anti-russian . 
  turks should face the consequences for this incident . 
  which is bullshit !, 
  too many dots link up that you are suspecious threat . 
  do we really need dublin bombed too so gardai can act ? 
  paris police were aware of some attackers before paris attacks , but could n't do anything until state of war enabled emergency laws and gave them rights to raid anyone on suspicious alone . 
  i hope the teacher survives and fully heals from the wounds . 
  these fanatics are cancer of society ... 
  the image is actually quite smart if you pay attention to it . 
  i like how you can notice the guy with a gun who is blending in the crowd . 
  reference to the threat we are allowing casually walk into europe . 
  refugees are not the issue . 
  scumbags who use them to sneak in are . 
  i am confused to why my post is considered poor quality . 
  while it 's true i rarely post in this sub-reddit , i kept the submission civil and avoided any hateful comments . 
  this seemed as the most relavent sub-reddit to have such a discussion at . 
  clarification would be appreciated . 
  shame for some . 
  thank god ( literally ) to others . 
  do n't forget that eastern europe and russians wo n't bend so easily . 
  for them it 's no different than you wanting to legalize incest . 
  it 's just wrong for them on moral , ethical and religious basis . 
  now this muslim , i like . 
  most definitely . 
  isis are the modern nazis if not worse . 
  i support any military action against these fanatics . 
  if you are trying to be funny then you are bad at it . 
  i 'm with you on that one . 
  ireland = 0 ? 
  that 's interesting since nobody asked me what do i think about the eu army , and i indeed do support it . 
  again , i do not approve this . 
  this is just my understanding why was the man arrested . 
  the judge is a moron ... or an isis sympathiser . 
  well , you are now definitely on the watch list xd, 
  to be the devil 's advocate i may slightly see reason why the man was punished . 
  the man was not `` praising '' the terrorism , but he was rather provoking it . 
  by publicly calling his wi-fi daesh he 's pissing off some local islamic lunatics who hate that term . 
  hence the man makes his household and the surrounding area ( like the neighbour who reported him ) a potential target for disaster such as explosion . 
  i obviously do n't agree that it 's justified , and believe that the law is being shoved around without any context . 
  soon we 'll get prosecuted for just mentioning isis . 
  ok , this is actually funny :d, 
  beware of russian and isis propaganda . 
  but it 's alright to swallow all the western propaganda . 
  this video is almost 2 years old . 
  originally posted [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whnzehms5ke ) . 
  would n't advise watching it if you have small stomach for this kind of stuff . 
  this video has some nasty visuals like dead soldiers with busted heads and their brains are out .
