  and instead they prefer that `` nazis were attacking europe '' . 
  not like it makes a difference . 
  he really said that ? 
  well then ... 
  i support this guy will all my heart then !, 
  not everyone . 
  i for one do n't see how is this helping us . 
  feeding our ego ? 
  maybe . 
  damaging our economy ? 
  most surely . 
  ukrainian - russian conflict is as it sounds ukrainian - russian conflict . 
  since when have we become americans shoving our noses where we do n't belong , nor where it has nothing to do with us ? 
  big surprise ? 
  this was pretty obvious without any study . 
  it 's definitely possible . 
  in europe it 's significantly harder to obtain a gun legally since there is a long list of procedures to go through with gun control regulations . 
  if you know the right shady people you can get one illegally , but if found out you would be arrested ( if not shot ) on the spot . 
  sadly , a lot of these russian hooligans are eu `` visitors '' . 
  meaning they expect they can commit vandalism and these attacks , then safely return to russia without any consequences since they know that neither european authorities or russian authorities will bother investigating anything as long it 's not something more severely serious as murder or rape . 
  what a scumbag . 
  why would you attack a person solely based on her political views ... 
  the whole point of politics is that it 's a topic of disputes and disagreements . 
  killing her accomplishes nothing , only scarred children for life . 
   thanks irish citizen who obviously lives in ireland for your prop - education !, 
  running out of arguments so resorting to bash on the users education based on their nationality . 
  yes , i do have irish citizenship . 
  i was born in lithuania , in a soviet built city at the time which even to today is russian cultured . 
  moved to ireland later . 
  i am of those europeans who clearly see both sides of the story as i see propaganda from both sides . 
  i choose my words carefully when i specifically stated `` many media outlets held independent polls and interviews '' . 
  the key word is `` independent '' . 
  i do n't bother listening to government controlled media . 
  i listen to results of various outlets that i personally follow because they follow facts , and are not afraid to speak out against both sides of the conflicts . 
  if you do some research you will know that local crimea citizens support russians and want to be part of russian federation . 
  similar as to northern ireland citizens supports the british and want to be part of uk . 
  do you naively believe that in the scenario if russia lets go of crimea , then everything will be alright and peaceful ? 
  that ukrainians will come and proudly shout `` we are here to liberate you people from the evil russians '' . 
  and local people will cheer and sing ? 
  crimean people will take up in arms , fight and resist . 
  you 'll have another civil war as new group of separatists will form . 
  again more misery and death would come . 
  gays get pissed off if you say that . 
  they believe isis influence has nothing to do with it and it was purely and solely a `` hate crime '' . 
  i remember that incident , the one that ended with a prisoner exchange . 
  it was suspicious on both ends . 
  for an estonian officer that `` definitely '' was not doing any spying , or the informant that he was meeting is definitely not related to russia , he sure was well equipped . 
  i may find a pistol reasonable , recording equipment for `` investigations '' somewhat less believable but still believable , but why would he need to have so much money on him ? 
  i am just saying , actual spies usually get a good chuck of money to live on while they do their operations . 
  plane was ukrainians sole responsibility . 
  yes , ukrainians that are pro-russian are still ukrainians . 
  my honest response to this whole incident is exactly the same as what happened when american uss battleship took down a civilian iran airbus back in 1988 . 
  that it is airlines fault . 
  you do n't just fly over territory that is currently in conflict . 
  you are risking being mistaken for an enemy . 
  misery part - pardon me ? 
  if you are referring to people that suffer from bombardments of ukrainian vs separatists troops then how is that solely russian fault ? 
  it 's equally ukrainian government fault . 
  it 's called civil war , at any war innocent suffer and die . 
  steals money - can you look me in the eye and with honesty say that european union has no corruption , and political figures do n't steal money from eu , meaning us ? 
  because those are some double standards if russian corruption is such a massive concern , but closing eyes on our own . 
  good - bad influence . 
  russia is doing what they believe is the best option . 
  it 's their country , it 's their business when it comes to fighting corruption and dealing with opposition members . 
  we can condemn such activities , but they are not affecting us to complain they are destabilising us . 
  when russia took over crimea , many media outlets held independent polls and interviews with local citizens . 
  when it was revealed that the vast majority of them supported russia 's annexation then it was obvious how will referendum end and that it 's going to become another northern ireland . 
  destabilise the rest of europe ? ... 
  russia did nothing to us , most of the time it 's our eastern member states that start major commotions yelling `` help , help !, 
  russians are close to us !, 
  we saw their jets flying !, 
  we must prepare for war ! '' . 
  our instability is our own fault . 
  russia is barely a minor threat , and definitely not a major one . 
  glad to see that europeans are not mindless bunch that believe everything they see on the news . 
  as if russians will listen . 
  the key word is without `` major '' incidents . 
  does n't mean incidents and aggression was not directed to these people . 
  they can leave if they want , we should n't keep them where they do n't want to be . 
  i just feel sorry that the main eu supporters in britain are the young lads . 
  seems unfair that the elderly population due to their pride playing with the countries political state when honestly those elderly in couple of decades will be in coffins , while the young will stay and live in this mess . 
  we see warning signs on the tobacco . 
  and i would n't mind knowing what 's exactly in my can of beer . 
  so i do n't know why other countries are acting like morons now . 
  i suppose their stance is business  morals . 
  the discussion would be very one sided i 'd say . 
  mate , i visited eastern europe last year . 
  it was over 20 degress at 23:00 !!!, 
  at day time i thought i was going to die . 
  it was like sauna . 
  after that experience i kind of laugh when people back here say it 's too damn hot :d, 
  honestly ca n't say why lithuanians hate russians so much . 
  you have so much in common :d, 
  starts today , finals at the end of the week . 
  this articles is biased as **** to be frank . 
  regardless of terrorism activity i still believe that guns is not a step forward . 
  what will change ? 
  less terrorism acts and more mass shootings in schools ? 
  you are failing to see that majority of scottish people that voted to stay , voted to stay in uk and eu as well . 
  a mass majority of scotland voted to stay in eu during brexit .
