congratz germany !!!, 
  no luck in world war , but luck in world cup :d just kidding , but seriously congratz . 
  historical day indeed . 
  congratz to all three !, 
  you are the one who is making the assumptions here mate . 
  i watch more than enough of coverage . 
  and base my statement on that knowledge . 
  and yes i repeat ones again , it is propaganda . 
  most of europe are filled with leftists and news organizations are playing their flute . 
  they will only focus on `` poor '' refugees , how `` harmless '' , defenseless '' they are . 
  they show misleading footage that there are mostly women and children out of these refugees . 
  they are 9 out of 10 times focus on positive notes such as `` random family accepting few refugees to their family '' or `` people interviews who universally say that they accept them and there 's no harm from them '' . 
  but they barely show the negatives . 
  example such as that : the rape rates spiked unreasonably high especially in germany . 
  refugees being offered shelter , food and clothes in poland yet over a night they disappear and march to the wealthier countries . 
  france - women are brutally beaten by refugee women for sunbathing in bikini in park . 
  austria - 3 teen - refugees caught and raped camp manager . 
  do i hear any of these incidents on the bigger news organizations ? 
  local news ? 
  or newspapers ? 
  no , i have to dig up to find information like that , find reports about it on reddit , or independent bias youtube news channels . 
  as for you i 'd advice not to generalize everyone in categories especially when it comes to controversial subjects like these . 
  propaganda ... they do n't want people to start feeling `` against '' these refugees . 
  well you do compare the numbers with the country that spends more than anyone else on security and military ... 
  mate , you are an odd one . 
  you make it sound as if it 's hard to get your hands on the nazi flag . 
  you can order one from the web for less than $ 10 if you wish as long as your country is not too strict on the subject of even owning one like germany is . 
  not every eu country support the ban , do n't forget that swastika for 5,000 years was seen as a symbol of peace than aggression . 
  you underestimate pranksters if you think they wo n't invest a little into a scare like this . 
  i imagine you are sort of a person that someone on the internet will threaten you with personal harm and you 'll actually go to the police than ignore some random idiot on the web . 
  it 's your right to believe that it 's something `` serious '' . 
  it 's my right to believe that whoever did it would commit something much more serious than just cowardly pull up a controversial flag and let it do all the work . 
  hardly original too . 
  depends on the country . 
  many do in fact forbid it . 
  not for a youngster . 
  as i have said before , people tend to over react over swastika symbol these days . 
  on my way to work there are buildings with graffiti of swastika 's . 
  do you think anyone pays much attention to it ? 
  it 's simply vandalism . 
  as for raising inappropriate flag is hardly original idea . 
  somebody thought it would be funny , and considering how much attention the incident got obviously it was `` quite fun '' for whoever did it . 
  in short : for you it 's something serious . 
  for them it 's just dumb and fun trolling . 
  sad but true ... eu is too neutral on this topic . 
  meh , big deal . 
  people tend to over react over swastika these days . 
  it 's just some students joke to attract attention , nothing more . 
  it 's no different than drawing a penis on the school wall . 
   sending soldiers into the country themselves to target the smugglers , which would effectively be an invasion . 
  so we must just ignore it entirely ? 
  if someone breaks the law and does something illegal in your country you should close your eyes on it , because apparently `` their government '' is meant to deal with it . 
  but if we decide to deal with it ourself then it 's an `` invasion '' ... 
  not to sound like a dick , but it 's news for me that turkey is considered as a `` european '' country for your original church arson submission to be valid here . 
  turkey is 9 out of 10 islam following country . 
  europe right now is not very fund even hearing that term . 
  the fact that a church is being targeted there does n't really surprise me . 
  english is official european union language . 
  a lot of countries , for instance a recent example lithuania is making it mandatory to offer everything in both local language , and secondly english language . 
  i visited france , germany , many baltic countries , spain and belgium . 
  i never had an issue in any of these countries where i could n't find somebody that could help me out in english . 
  i wish you good luck finding any reference to your statement that vilnius `` gerosios vilties '' which translates into good hope school is a russian school . 
  `` invaded '' is rather a strong inaccurate word . 
  while russia does support the opposition and provide them with a limited amount of support , where only a blind person would think otherwise . 
  they still did not `` invade '' the country . 
  they only provided a tiny fraction of their support for opposition . 
  if they wanted the full scale invasion , the country would be theirs in matter of days . 
  i thought of exactly same thing . 
  he probably was pissed of that germany received no points or something and forgot his professionalism . 
  either way fuck that guy , next time watch the youtube live hd version on official channel . 
  it 's original in english without commentary . 
  around 150,000 people were watching it live tonight , 
  wow ... germany seriously ? 
  obviously political bias ... 
  do n't know what they did with them . 
  but all books today are revised to be written only in lt language . 
  which i suppose is department of education right to do if they that badly want to be patriotic . 
  apparently you are simply uneducated or blind . 
  school , every book was in russian except for lietuviu language class itself back in 2000s . 
  i said that i am aware that these days all these books are no longer used , and now everything is in lithuanian . 
  if you are not aware how it used to be in some school and which regions were very pro-russian culture in vilnius for instance then it 's your own issue . 
  mhm ... interesting and useful link , thanks . 
  so lithuania actually gave russia 3rd place . 
  but `` national judges '' went ape shit with burying it down , 2 out of 5 went as bold as to give russia the worst place possible ... 
  sigh , politics . 
  so it 's stupid political ethics not the people that are the issue ... 
  i 've lived in lithuania most of my life . 
  trust me i am not confusing this specific case with the latvia . 
  it 's only when i grew up and was close to finishing education i started asking questions ... `` why the hell everybody speaks russian and lithuanian on equal basis , why was the only time that we used lithuanian language in school was during that specific class , but all other classes ( e.g. 
  maths , geography , history , etc. ), 
  even books were in russian , why in the capital city there are so many russian speakers who spread the russian culture , why there are towns such as visaginas which are 9/10 pro-russian than lithuanian and so on . 
  though i am aware that ever since i left lt the things have changed . 
  there was a ban on russian books in schools , and they are strictly in lithuanian now . 
  i have friends who showed me screenshots of some propaganda in lt books regarding some `` facts '' about russians . 
  if you are student and you show tribute for the soviet soldiers on 9th of may then disciplinary action will be taken against you . 
  and generally the whole thing is very sad right now between lt-rus . 
  hopefully things will sort out eventually and people will have the chance to have their own opinion about the country without being fed extremely bold propagandas on daily basis . 
  i doubt you would need even at least lets say 10,000 soldiers in the forced conscription military draft who are very pro-russian in the tensions which are anti-russian :d, 
  why 's that ? 
  their performance was very good .
