  one example would be italy invading during wwii and using chemical weapons , a weapon hitler was unwilling to use in warfare . 
  yes , ethiopia was invaded during wwii , was france , germany and russia colonised too ? 
  hell , by your measures all and every country in the world was colonised . 
  ethiopia for most of it 's existence was absolutely not , but a war . 
  it was merely occupied . 
   and they are improving and doing better than somalia yes , they are improving faster than one of the biggest shitholes in africa , that 's hardly an achievement . 
  it 's not the colonists fault that much of the continent is just in eternal cycle of civil wars because they are unable to cooperate with each other without guidance . 
   slaves were sent back , not africans . 
  america was created by rich and educated lawyers . 
  liberia was created by former slaves . 
  yes , cause africa was full of rich and educated lawyers ...  liberia is an example of negative consequences of colonization . 
  how ? 
  slaves were bought in africa from africans , and they were brought back . 
  not at one point during liberias existence was it a colony and that was 150 years ago . 
  we can take ethiopia too . 
  how well off it is compared to the most colonised countries ? 
  africans were sent back there , usa helped them to make a constitution , however it did n't actively rule them . 
  liberia was just as much as a colony as the usa was after 1776 . 
  no amount of virtue signalling will make turkey european . 
   do you believe current day africa would have been a better place without past colonialism , or not ? 
  no , it would be a worse place without colonialism . 
  look at liberia , never colonised . 
  i imagine that how all of black africa would look like . 
  i 've never argued that he would n't be danish citizen , but that would n't make him danish would it ? 
  it 's up to the danish government who it gives citizenship , a paper that grants them access . 
  it does not make then * danish * , just * danish citizens *  i really hope that you one day find you have 1 % turkish blood in you or something , your tiny brain would implode . 
  ah this really showed me . 
  calling me being wrong is hardly an argument . 
  you said he was british regardless of blood , because he held a british citizenship . 
  so in the case i described , what would said guy be ? 
  german , danish or what ? 
  well he they are not wrong in the fact that he is a former coo at ceu ( aka the '' '' `` soros uni '' '' '' ) and now he 's a professor there . 
  he was also the guy who said accepting migrants is our national interest . 
  fuck him and fuck this over the top `` sorosoz\u00e1s '' too . 
  do n't dodge my question , what would he be ? 
  a danish man ? 
  a german man ? 
  which one ? 
  but if he lived in germany for a few years he could become german citizen , therefore according to you german , if he were to move after those 6 years to denmark , live there for 6 years , he could become danish citizen . 
  therefore danish by your logic . 
  which one would he be ? 
  yes , at your whim . 
  you said he was british because he lived in britain . 
  applying your logic , if he moved to france , he would be french , if to denmark , he would be danish and so on . 
  therefore he can absolutely change his nationality at his whim . 
  so you see being british as something you can choose at your will . 
  you see no connection between your blood and your country more then `` i live here now , so i 'm british , if i move to france next year and live there for a few years i 'll be french . '', 
  then we can only disagree . 
  yes yes , my ancestors were peasants , but they were hungarian peasants . 
  if you think before the 1800s people made no difference between say , an englishman , a swede or a hungarian you are wrong . 
   the nations and ethnics are modern inventions . 
  ah not another euphoric world citizen . 
  so you see nationality as something you can change and choose at your whim , that 's fine . 
  then we can only agree to disagree . 
  british people were believed to be descended from the varied ethnic stocks that settled there before the 11th century , the pre-celts , celts , romans , anglo-saxons , norse and the normans . 
  of course british is semi-artificial , but being british is just the blend of those people , who interbred on the continent a long time ago . 
  yes , the blend of those , the people who built up the country into what it is . 
  just because your parents came from africa and you were born here does n't mean you are british . 
  citizen ? 
  sure . 
  ethnicity is something you are born with , not something you can change at your whim . 
   unless of course , you 're saying that we should look at each person 's family history to see if they fall under the category of being english/scottish/welsh ? 
  no , but ahmed al brittanni is probably not british . 
  what happens if next year he goes to germany and lives there for 10 years and gets a citizenship ? 
  will he become german ? 
  and if he goes to finland next time ? 
  will he become finnish ? 
  you do n't choose your ethnicity , you are born with it . 
   it 's just like how jews in 1930s germany were n't `` german '' , is n't it ? 
  they were n't german to begin with , like jews in hungary are not hungarian either , that does not mean that we should gas them , hence why you brought up the nazi example just to label me something i 'm not . 
  the difference is that there is no `` american '' . 
  as the usa is not an ethnostate . 
  comparing any european country and the us in this regard is stupid and misleading . 
  you could put it that way , but being white does n't mean you are british either . 
  you are british if you are ... well british . 
  and brits are white . 
  you will not become british just because your parents crossed an ocean from whatever shithole they have come from and you were born there . 
  having uk passport = / = being british , scott etc, 
  i knew that , but i still ca n't see what point he is trying to make . 
  i do n't really get what are you trying to say bud . 
   in western europe at least . 
  in eastern europe too . 
  we are not a desolate wasteland you knooooow, 
   why does it seem ( for you ) to be a source of pride that people from eastern europe only come here for money . 
  it 's no source of pride for me , it 's just this is how it is . 
  at least they work and they do not cause any trouble . 
   thread about brits disrespecting the culture of an eastern european country ? 
  it 's not that they disrespect our culture , it 's just that they are rude and loud . 
  thinking they * can * spit on the police officer , because they are british and britannia rules the waves . 
  at least they blow a tons of money in the bars so that 's good . 
  i hope this `` eastern european women are easy '' meme never dies and they keep on coming for my personal amusement . 
  you have no idea how bad they are until you see it unfold in person at a frat party . 
  also they drive like dicks , but that is just my personal experience . 
  which west ? 
  who determines what are western values and what are not ? 
  you make more money with menial jobs there . 
  nobody goes there to work because they are so fascinated by british culture . 
  all of eastern europe *, 
  somehow , somewhere people will say this is justified because of colonialism . 
  what a disgrace for the english people .
