  jobbik has good ideas and values , but ca n't sell itself to the general public , thus they can only achieve 25 % - ish during elections . 
  jobbik could win easily , if only they knew how to do politics . 
  sadly , they are incompetent . 
  at this pace the country will be arabic soon enough too . 
  they had state wide polls , some predicting hillary winning by 8 % , and she lost it . 
  your arguments are getting weaker and weaker , while again ignoring my comment about the crime statistics . 
  running out of `` reliable '' sources from your echo chamber , i see ? 
   obama would have won a 3rd term . 
  he was very popular . 
  there are enough polls about that . 
  the same polls that predicted hillary winning in a landslide ? 
   cool you use the results of a racist justice system to argue that the victims are `` bad '' https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/tables/table-43 i guess the fbi is racists too , hell the whole us justice system is racists until they prosecute less blacks just to show nice statistics , right ? 
  i do n't recall hungarian , polish , danish , french migrants forming ghettos that became a hotbed of crime , do you ? 
  ironically i was the one who tried to end the discussion peacefully , because you have refused to answer the questions , so much about being hateful huh . 
   who should be in jail  because you disagree with me churchill was right . 
  yeah half black , his reign was so good that americans elected a big meme as a protest vote . 
  also if you look at crime statistics , no they did not the slightest bit . 
   i counter with the swiss vote on migration where the regions with the most foreigners voted pro migrantion and cantons with the least foreigners voted against them . 
  i 've already countered that by the example of paris . 
   you view what liberal means is odd . 
  maybe they vote liberal because it means equality for them ? 
  none of the parties said that they will get rid of their citizenship . 
  but voting liberals means more * them * anyways , you did n't answer to most of my argument just the ones you had any answer too . 
  it 's obvious you will not change your ideas , i wo n't mine . 
  hopefully history will prove you right , but i fear not . 
  peace brudi, 
  did they make the mexicans sit under the table too ? 
  as for blacks , it 's not like they have assimilated ever since the 60s . 
   as the polish migrants , the french migrants , the danish migrants did , so will other . 
  i 'm hungarian , i do n't necessarily like romanians , slovakians , serbians you name it . 
  we had our fair share of wars . 
  but i can easily see them assimilating than a single guy from somalia . 
  those french and danish people had the same beliefs , same way of life and believed in the same basic values . 
  lived between each other for thousands of years and still had bloody wars between them . 
  it 's the same reasoning republicans did during after the american civil war , `` the irish assimilated , therefore our former slaves will too . '', 
  did n't turn out that way , did it ? 
   migration is good for your country migration is good for your economy , more workers or more people will always will be better , does n't matter how shitty they are for the natives . 
  but a country is n't about a number that represents gdp . 
  it 's about the people that live there , let it be germans for germany , the french for france , or turkey for the turks . 
   skill shortages if they were to pay more , there would n't be such `` skill shortages '' , atleast not as much . 
  but why pay hans 20 euros , when pajeet does it for half as much ? 
  it easier to live off welfare . 
   progress progress is quite subjective . 
  for me willingly sacrificing your people on the altar of gdp growth is n't progress . 
   there is no `` more '' of the native population . 
  we a shrinking without migration . 
  yes , you are shrinking without immigration , with migration there are less natives compared to the overall composition of the society , and those foreigner will not vote in your favour in the favour of the german state , they will not do sacrifices , if the economic situation turns dire , they will leave . 
  also , the accepted theory is while they have 5 children now , in a generation they will have 1-2 like the natives . 
  then what hill happen in 50 years when those become old , more imported people from africa ? 
  what happens then ? 
   europes economic power is build on migration western europe has been a leading power in the world since the fall of the roman empire , especially after the 14-15th century . 
  the immigrants in europe are not the cause of that , rather a result . 
   all those events happen because the populist right uses the oldest trick in the book . 
  they look for people in a bad situation and blame it on foreigners . 
  they dont offer real solution , but easy to understand answers . 
  a legitimate fear is not the oldest trick in the book from foreigner , especially when you look at western europe and the attacks , changing demographics and so on . 
  if you think a majority arab/african ( not in your lifetime , rather in your grandchildrens . ), 
  will be the same , you are wrong . 
   in addition the people fearing foreigners the most are the people who meet them close to never . 
  the more rural and `` native '' a reagion is , the more anti-migration it is i like this . 
  you know why you think everyone is cool with immigrants ? 
  because if they say it otherwise , you will purge them and publicly shame them . 
  how do you expect then dissenting views ? 
  also , this statement has been proven wrong several times . 
  check out the electorate map of the us republican party , or if you want something in europe , check out the french map , which region voted for le pen and which regions have more migrant population . 
  it will be the same . 
  ( expect from paris , but it 's not like french people live there anymore . ), 
  foreigners will vote for liberal , not because they are so fond of you ideals , but because more liberal means more * them * and less * you * . 
  why do you think the people who supported islamists regimes in the middle east now suddenly vote for the most liberal , weak open border party in sweden , uk , germany , france and not for some right wing one ? 
  care to answer the rest of the questions too ? 
  that does n't make them german though , just a german citizen , but not german by blood . 
   if you have different views , you are out at what point did not wanting foreigners in your country became such a horrendous horrendous thing that you will lose social status ? 
  i 'll just post some stats from wikipedia * 43 % of malmo is ethnic minority * 27 % of stockholm is ethnic minority * 36 % of brussels is of non-european origin * in antwerp ' 39 % of the inhabitants of antwerp had a migrant background now , answer me , enlighten me with your wisdom . 
  why should every mainland north western european city have an outpost of moroccans ? 
  how is mass migration an enhancement . 
  it may not be a diminution , but why is it an enhancement , why is having more of the ` native ' population a bad thing now ? 
  try answering the questions , without just a down vote , shaming someone wo n't work , hence why brexit happened , le pen is in a 2nd cycle of the french elections and we have orb\u00e1n , poland has their leader and so on . 
  discussion instead of shaming . 
  ah i see , thanks . 
  do you seriously think just because mustafa or makiki was born on german soil that makes him a german ? 
  hungary , better than our alternatives , i like his stance on refugees and to a degree the eu . 
  highly dislike that he did nothing to combat corruption with his 8 year 2/3rd . 
  because you were n't part of those nations , amarite . 
   a good source of vitamin b i do n't get the reference , care to explain ? 
  yeah right , do you actually believe this ? 
  only 72.000 polish in all of germany , no africans or arabs ? 
  just take a walk unter den linden . 
  also having german citizenship = / = being german . 
  quite sad that you accept this . 
  even in `` backwards dictatorious right wing shitholes '' such as hungary you can openly have right or left wing views , nobody cares about it and you would certainly not be `` socailly dead '' . 
  accepting and tolerant left , yeah right . 
   b-but we are germans , therefore we were nazis therefore we have to be careful and stuff no . 
  i have answered this even before you written it because its such a typical response from germans . 
  that 's true , if there was a single good thing about the soviets it 's their push for education , but what is your point ? 
  luckily our elections are n't decided by reddit upvotes . 
  look at his post history , of course he would . 
  even if i were to live in germany for 50 years and receive a german citizenship , that would n't mean i 'm suddenly german . 
  just a hungarian with another citizenship . 
  facial features mostly . 
  of course you ca n't necessarily tell an italian and a spanish guy apart just by looking at their faces , but you can probably tell if they are from the mediterranean , russia , a nordic country , turkey etc.
