  ours was built in 1896 , i guess it 's still 80s and 90s , just a * different * 90s . 
  it would be a * literal * suicide . 
  thicc, 
  brexit is the new trump , i see . 
  uhh , did n't find out much about it on the internet , but from what i 've learned in school , the crest of the families ( not all of them ) whom members have ruled hungary over the millennium . 
  from left to right : house of \u00c1rp\u00e1d ( hungarian ) , house of anjou ( french ) house of hunyad ( hungarian ) , - in the middle the crest of the kingdom of hungary - , house of jagello ( polish , today the crest of poland ) , house of sz\u00e1polyai ( hungarian ) , i 've got no idea about the last one , i assume it 's habsburg , cause the rest were in chronological order . 
  breakdown of the crest in middle : from the top left : dalmatia , croatia , slavonia , erd\u00e9ly , fiume . 
  and in the middle hungary , on top of it is the [ crown ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_crown_of_hungary ) . 
  edited a typo, 
  we are from the same stock . 
  i 'll repeat myself . 
  if you see no difference between your own countrymen and some guy from africa then that is your problem . 
  i 'm not going to argue with a `` world citizen '' because there is no point . 
  go to africa and enjoy your equal humans . 
  yes , they are europeans . 
  everyone takes care of their own first , you might not like it , but this is human nature . 
  if you see no difference between your fellow countrymen and some random guy from congo then that is your disability and problem , not mine . 
  any minute now ... 
   sub-saharan syrian this cracked me up , thanks . 
  ca n't wait for weekly 9/11s when we have flying car attacks on western european soil then . 
  to be honest , if i were dutch i would n't have been too keen an dying in a war i 'm not interested in defending a bunch of balkan muslims i have nothing in common with either . 
  wanting your country to be homogeneous is a bad thing now , til, 
  if they are radicalised by this probably that is one more good reason why we should n't have them here . 
  yes , do i need to remind you of the 6 million you vile nazi ? 
  `` best way to explore hungary and the rest of eastern europe in 3 days ? '', 
  as if ee was some kind of post-soc theme park . 
   should we go to war now ? 
  yes , k\u00fcrt\u00f6skal\u00e1cs is to die for !, 
  i was in bucharest once , parked my car friday afternoon , by saturday morning somebody wrote in the dust `` something something bozgor '' and it was keyed ( only a little bit though . ) . 
  poor alfa did n't like it . 
  no i did n't have greater hungary stickers on it . 
  only a poor hungarian license plate . 
   chimney cake j\u00c1nos get the bow, 
  the last place in europe where i would expect a hungarian cultural fair . 
  ( i mean , outside erd\u00e9ly . ), 
  how did it go down in the romanian media ? 
  orb\u00e1n does not look that bad afterall . 
  i 've studied in vienna , they are not racists , at least they were not with me . 
  they are no different then the french or the germans , some will look down on you , but you probably look down on other nationalities too , they are no different . 
  that 's life for you . 
  only if it 's showered with melted belgian chocolate !, 
  a lot of these are the same in hungarian too . 
  what ? 
  miklos horthy * was * a great leader , he restricted the deportation of the jews too , they were deported under sz\u00e1lasi , not horthy . 
  other than that , he managed to get a lot of our lost territories back , we can be shamed for a lot of things , but horthy is not one of them . 
  edited some typos, 
   xd what 's so funny about it ? 
  comparing the polish government to the taliban is a shit comparison too . 
  one restricts the pill , one beheads you for looking at one from a distance . 
   in a press release , the hungarian conference of catholic bishops announced that preparations are underway for budapest to host the 52nd international eucharistic congress in 2020 . 
   as we have previously reported , in a video message played last year at the 51st eucharistic congress in the philippines , pope francis announced that the 52nd such conference will be held in in the hungarian capital in 2020 . 
   this is the second time hungary will organize such an event ; the last time an international eucharistic congress was held in the country was in 1938 , when the entire world was on the very brink of the bloodiest war in history . 
  this eucharistic congress , the 34th to be held , ended with a mass that attracted half a million believers to heroes ' squares in budapest . 
  stupid decision . 
  this is the kind of religious ruling i strongly dislike . 
  i got to love western europeans on this sub , in the past 13 years you led , we followed . 
  now that once we want to voice our opinion , we should be kicked out straight away . 
  ( which wo n't happen , anyways . ), 
  i 'm sorry for us not being a banana republic you can control as you please . 
  ahh , not really worth my time because your trolling has become low effort , but if hungarians are savages because they are in the top 10 % of all countries , let it be . 
  i guess by your idea all non-europeans and non-east asians are natural savages too . 
   why not give money to men that can impregnate the most number of women ? 
  that would not bring stable families now would it ? 
   incentivises women to produce children instead of working . 
  if you as a woman want to work , you are punished by the system . 
  incentives women to have children , yes . 
  guess how many women want to have children ? 
  almost all of them . 
  try to take away and gyes and it would be our females who would be outraged about it . 
  stop acting like you know what women want while they do n't . 
  you do n't want gyes ? 
  fine , work . 
  you do n't want csok ? 
  fine , do n't request it . 
  you are not punished for not doing so . 
   yes , why not give money for free instead of expecting women to breed for money ? 
  cause i would rather have hungarian children in the future then arab ones in my country . 
  also if you are for women , why would you want to remove one of their option , how would that benefit women ? 
   because they could get a lot more money if they invested those 3 years into their own careers . 
  they have the option to do so , nobody is forcing them to stay at home . 
   breeding machines that should produce minimum 3 children , are you referring to the new program where couples get a lot of money if they have 3 children , oh the horrors . 
   80 % unemployment among mothers with an under-3 year old child , the worst number in europe . 
  why the fuck would they work if they get money for 3 years . . 
  a lot of new building are being built everywhere too , especially now since young couples get money if they have children . 
  it 's easier to build a house in the suburbs and use the highways to travel into the city than buy or rent a flat . 
  way more comfier too . 
  also ,  average rent in hungary is higher than in the czech republic . 
  ehh , never liked the idea of video games being sports , but if chess is a sport , lol might as well be too ... 
  how are they `` not taking seriously in the labour market '' and if they are , how do you measure such thing ? 
  that is 12 % too much , let those take them in who told them to come . 
  merkel can wirschaffendas it . 
  the part about women , the part about gypsies and the part about the border hunters . 
  since you linked a shitty version i ca n't cmd + c cmd + v from , not going to type it out just to quote it . 
   `` there is an effort to play it down . 
  there is no way to get an agreement , so let 's avoid another bad quarrel . '', 
   the only way to manage migration is to keep it off the political agenda . 
  you ca n't win . 
  let 's take the heat out of it . 
  so ... staying quiet about it , because they know people are against it or what ? 
  by the way i live on the border next to vojvodina , they did n't stop coming ...
