  oh the humanity . 
  good alternative to death sentence . 
   etc please , go on . 
  if i were serbian i would want her banned too . 
  it 's funny that you use bigot as an insult when you are probably a bigger bigot then those people . 
  sure , other countries can use whatever they want at their disposal to pressure them into if they want to , i did n't argue about that . 
  good pr for who ? 
  a strong country should be able to fuck up whichever country they want and shield themselves from the consequences . 
  not saying they should , but they got no obligation to accept anyone unless they want to . 
  that 's how a powerful nation * should * work . 
   journalists work in a hostile environment . 
  dropped at the first sentence . 
  google translate does n't work well with hungarian . 
   his main complaint is that ngos dare not to shut up and remain outspoken critics of the govs innumerable infarctions of civil rights for example ... ? 
   why there are plenty of nordic car mechanics ? 
  did i say otherwise ? 
   indians are n't only in it by the way . 
  mostly they are . 
  what point ? 
  the indian immigrants are few in nordic countries . 
  if they were to seek indian car mechanics and such it would drop below the poles . 
  there are only so many shitty it jobs by the norse . 
   not that i ever would , but i 'm not buying a chrysler . 
  would have you bought that `` car '' anyways ? 
   cheeto benito for president . 
  i ca n't take you seriously . 
   there were over 20 holocaust survivors who testified that not only was he a wilful and vital element keeping auschwitz running but he brought prisoners from the trains to the gas chambers . 
  where does it say that in the article ? 
  it 's an indian site , also their [ university graduates are not better either . 
  ] ( https://theviralcode.com/2016/08/24/why-are-indian-engineers-unemployable/ ), 
   northern europe ( sweden ) , where indian immigrants are infact more skilled than poles . 
  because they have few immigrants from india and those tend to be highly educated . 
   hungary applied , had negotiations , knew what the rules were . 
  [ good thing rules change when they are not in our favour . 
  ] ( https://www.euractiv.com/section/social-europe-jobs/news/bulc-wants-truck-drivers-to-get-paid-a-minimum-wage/ ) as for your economic backlash : they are talking about european funds . 
  europa is not taking anything that is yours , they are talking about being a little more careful about spending their money when they are not sure if you 're a safe investment . 
  if you donate monthly to an organization because you like what they are doing , and after a while they change their goal from helping kids to holding beach parties in ibiza , would you not be a complete idiot to keep funding them ? 
  as somebody else said : another thing is that the idea that eu funds are some sort of godsent gift we must be so grateful for that we must obey every whim of germany is misguided and idiotic . 
  it 's not charity , it 's a compensation for getting free acces to weaker economies , which is tremendously profitable for countries like germany . 
  eu funds are just pittance . 
   so do n't act like all eu law is some diktat from berlin . 
  but the rules are not in their favour , they simply ignore it , if we do it we are ungrateful countries who should be kicked . 
   defining , interpreting and applying such general terms . 
  and legal scholars generally have a pretty good grip on that . 
  the way they were interpreting laws in hungary so far i would n't count on a neutral decision on their behalf . 
   the effects would be different , granted . 
  that is the point , there is a reason they are introducing laws like these now . 
  this is guilt by association , very shameful we have come to this . 
   the way that non supportive media in hungary were reduced , like orbans childhood friend buying the biggest opposition paper just to close it tv2 was bought by one his friends . 
  do you want to prohibit people to say what they want to television or make some rules what you can and ca n't say in tv ? 
  also the biggest online news organisation index is still fiercely in opposition , the biggest tv broadcaster is rtl is in german hands . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  `` n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g '' was closed because it was n't profitable , previously it had a french owner . 
   the latest crusade against ceu implementing such evil nazi laws that exist places such ... austria and czech republic for example . 
   the shambolic process in which the new constitution was adopted with even articles being rejected going to need some source for this . 
   the forced retirement of judges a few years ago the rules changed that you have to retire at 62 now , instead of 70 . 
  they have also changed it so that it will be lowered to 65 in 10 years , in line with eu laws . 
  what 's your problem with it ? 
   and so on . 
  please go on , it will be a pleasure . 
   most flawed democracies in europe are in eastern and central europe . 
  [ but it 's not ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hungarian_parliamentary_election,_2014#/media/file:2014_egy\u00e9ni_eredm\u00e9nyek.png ) this `` rule of law '' is just as broad and vague like `` hate speech '' law . 
  it applies where you want it to and does n't where you do n't . 
  also it might be shocking for some people , but just because not their favourite parties have won , nobody violated any `` rule if law '' . 
   the eu would not be targeting any economy specifically . 
  but their economy will be affected by it , not germanys . 
  but that is the ugly truth . 
   dismantling of rule of law that is another good point , care to give examples ? 
  so the eu introducing a ruling that would hurt eastern and only eastern economies only is now similar to this ? 
   mobile gas chambers memes write themselves, 
  no idea about the rest of europe , they would be the leftiest of the lefties here . 
  big differences inside an union huh . 
   violate the rule of law [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/11207721/why-do-france-and-germany-keep-breaking-eu-rules.html ), 
  [ good luck with that ] ( http://www.rediff.com/money/report/majority-of-indias-workforce-are-unskilled/20151210.htm ) name also checks out . 
   reading comprehension , one hell of a skill . 
  what , you just said it does n't matter that they broke the law because they are richer . 
  that 's what you implied . 
   i do n't see the french coming here to whine like you lads do . 
  we would n't be complaining if laws were made in our favour and other countries were second in importance to ours . 
   do n't let the door hit you on the way out , honestly . 
  somebody has to repair your volvo and it 's sure ass hell wo n't be some illiterate from somalia , but a chap from poland . 
  no , but the `` you do n't do as we please , here have some economic backlash '' sounds awfully similar . 
   westies break the law it 's ok guys , they have moneyyyy  easties break the law out of the union bigots, 
  not sure what 's more potent , fumes from their diesel engine or zyklon b, 
  i 'm pretty sure it was 16 % , now the question is how many of that 16 % is able bodied man who can actually grab a rifle and go to the frontline . 
  i see merkel has learned a lot from the soviets on how to handle conflicts . 
  there is something i never understood about this whole turkey situation . 
  if refugees are so good that they boost gdp , create jobs and yadda yadda why can we blackmailed just to avoid getting more of them ? 
  and why he was n't prosecuted before then ? 
  why wait until he is 95 ? 
  then it 's a bad principle . 
  my great grandfather was killed in a gulag after ' 45 , yet if they would find one of the the guards who worked at the camp i would n't want him being sentenced . 
  what good it 's going to do ? 
  i do n't really understand what are you trying to say . 
  what is the point of convicting a 95 year old man ? 
  why not let him live his remaining months-years with his family ? 
  but i 'm almost sure you were called `` sz\u0151r\u00f6stalp\u00fa '' or something something trianon something . 
   i dare you to find one statement from a credible source that says `` this is not in our interest , so we look the other way . 
  they run afoul of existing legislation but i do n't give a fuck '' or a whistleblower saying the same thing .
