  sites are being blacklisted because they go against putin 's policy . 
  such as articles about crimes committed in sweden by migrants not accessible from swedish ips ? 
  a lot of stuff relating to ww2 not accessible in germany and france ? 
  or are these not censorships because you think they are * right * ? 
   do western leaders kill reporters , dissidents and their political opponents ? 
  please , tell us more . 
  no , in the west people are publicly shamed and became a persona non grata . 
  anyways , show me evidence that putin systematically kills his political opponents . 
  why did you answer this one only ? 
   despicable cynicism . 
  you make a mockery of the values that have gotten us where we are today . 
  it was n't 5-6 years ago when the west decided topple the governments in many middle eastern nations . 
  which was a good thing back then , it served our interests in the short term , later we were proven wrong though , we did n't enforce border control and did n't have a strong dictator we can bribe to stop migrants . 
   let 's all be self-serving sociopaths . 
  let 's just be self-serving . 
  just like nato is self-serving , so is every nation state ever . 
   i 'm curious , by your definition , what did hitler do wrong ? 
  what every baddie we ever learnt about did . 
  not winning . 
   you ca n't take facts seriously ? 
  that 's a shame . 
  note how they are specifically targeting pages related to crimea . 
  this is censorship , plain and simple . 
  according to you internet is germany , france etc too because certain sites are not accessible . 
  would you say internet is censored in germany too , or sweden ? 
   this entire post was about morality ( admitting stalin 's atrocities ) . 
  the morality of claiming putin is no worse than western leaders is the entire topic of discussion here . 
  and putin is no worse than western leaders , he simply does not play in our team . 
   same fashion he did ? 
  you want me to lie and misrepresent to defend my side , make arrogant jokes and claim all arguments others have are just another point of view ? 
  i 've already presented his most egregious bullshit in the post above . 
  yes , in the same fashion he did , if you think he lied and misrepresented it , that 's fine . 
   thousands killed in his war games in chechnya , ukraine , georgia the west waged wars too . 
   annexing foreign territories it was in their interests , also were populated by russians . 
   bombs civilian buildings to get in power ??? 
   called the dissolution of the ussr `` the greatest geopolitical tragedy '' it was for the russian people . 
   he is an ex-kgb , which means he is a snitch , and tens , maybe hundreds or thousands have been jailed for political reasons over his reports . 
  `` maybe '' , `` maybe '' not . 
   should i continue ? 
  please , go on . 
  you can critize him for this and that , but what he does makes russia more powerful , this is what the role of the president is , not waving flags and virtue signaling . 
  if it 's in your interest to annex a warm water port , you do it . 
  if it 's in your interest to attack a random muslim country for oil you do it . 
  you can decide if it 's morally right or wrong , but he does what a president has to do . 
  i hope he wo n't succeed , because hungary is playing in the opposite team right now , but attacking him for these things is stupid . 
   russians have the internet ( which is censored there ) i 'm sorry ... 
  i ca n't take you seriously . 
   solid and thorough response where he compares the actions of a criminal dictator with some unsavory actions of the west ? 
  both players do things what are in their own interests . 
  you might think they are morally right or wrong , up to you , but that 's how empires operate . 
   what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  are you that impressed by long responses that you ignore the utter crap that 's actually said ? 
  care to reply to him in the same fashion he did , or will you just keep calling him a russian shill ? 
  something not negative only about putin ????? 
  ** downvote ** / s, 
  a lot of people with a citizenship of a western european country are black too , many jews lived in europe for centuries , no problem there other than the holocaust . 
  as for the hate of italians , many 3rd world country hates their former conquerors , so i guess that makes sense . 
  ah , considering you said in an other post that you are from libya , i 'm sure you could teach me a thing or two about the hatred of jews and blacks . 
  so please tell me about it . 
  about italians , i do n't know who dislikes them in europe . 
  please name the americans who lived in an * arab country * , lived as * arab country * citizens and decided to blow civilians up in the name of ` murica . 
  what about them ? 
  war is war . 
  i 'm sure there were people protesting against that too though . 
  frankly muslims did n't give them a lot of reasons to do so . 
   peace marches by germans for the crimes of hitler . 
  i too think that muslims should collectively pay reparations for the people who survived terror attacks in the recent years . 
  you sound stupider day by day , is everything ok honfit\u00e1rs ? 
  i second that, 
  the same ditib that refused to participate this time ? 
  the same ditib that refused to participate this time ? 
   few hundred . 
  i 'm willing to bet the majority were leftists/shia muslims . 
  not sunnis . 
  ouch , poor guy . 
  what does this article have to do with viktorka ? 
   ps : adopt the euro !, 
  no no no , forint is good too !, 
  sadly happened all over eastern germany and eastern europe where people were '' '' `` liberated '' '' '' . 
  while it he can be sued for and hungary indeed can not overrule it , they ca n't not deny out cohesion funds , the council can only take it away if a member state has excessive public deficit . 
  not because we did n't take in arabs . 
  also you must be foolish if you think germany will let those sweet cohesion funds go away , since we contract german companies and/or german equipment to do the job . 
  a 2 year old article , about a ruling made 2 years ago that no-one kept . 
   sadly the hungarian peoples ' wishes do not overrule legally binding decisions of the european council . 
  but the decision of the hungarian government overrules the decision of the european council . 
  and the hungarian government will not welcome migrants . 
  nor will poland or slovakia . 
  the czech accepted what , 20 ? 
  also down voting because i disagree with you , how democratic . 
  cool , not going to happen . 
  west can keep their gdp growth inducing wundermenschen . 
  what vote are you talking about ? 
  also talking of democratic votes , i guess you will conveniently ignore the referendum where our countrymen made it clear we do not want migrants . 
  or that does n't cunt because the fidesz is root of all evils ? 
  but if some of the members invite twenty homeless people to the communal dinner against the will of the rest , they should expected to pay the bill for those homeless , do n't you think ? 
  looks like you do n't need gender quotas if you are actually capable to do a job . 
  great arguments , i 'm sold . 
   they 've never not disclosed it . 
  then your treasured ngos have nothing to worry about . 
  so almost half of the people supported orb\u00e1n in 2014 , yet you imply it was a `` loophole '' .
