  the only thing people like about him is exactly these statements . 
  if corruption would suddenly vanish the next day he would easily get 2/3 next year too . 
  also , it 's not like hungary is the only country where the seats were not spread out even . 
  just think of the uk . 
   elected once by mistake then by a loophole in the voting system  mistake and loophole . 
  get out of your echochamber brudi . 
  they are made with renault parts tho , and dacia is the budget brand of renault . 
  for a suv that was made by a somewhat reliable company ( renault ) re-badged and made with cheaper materials ? 
  yeah . 
  too bad they do n't make other cars nowadays . 
  well , it 's a renault suv made with cheaper materials at a great price . 
  no wonder it sells like crazy everywhere . 
   why are you not still in the west the rest of the hungarian redditors do n't know either . 
  technically they can be , but we all know very well know that the amount of ethnic italians with muslim faith are few and far between . 
  yes , i 'm sure it has everything to do with the racists hungarians , not the gypsies who did n't integrate for half a millennium and are despised everywhere they go from spain to romania , right ? 
  we have plenty of other minorities in hungary , people do n't hate for example the sv\u00e1bs or the sokaci . 
  i wonder why . 
   so saying things were fundamentally different 20 years ago 20 years ago most of the gypos grew up in a socialists system , where when they beat up and old lady they got worked on at the station , also they were at least remotely familiar with the idea of work . 
  not anymore . 
  they are dead / s, 
  i do n't take this as an offence , people disagree and discuss things , that 's how the world moves forward . 
  you do n't pay hungary to introduce the eu , you `` pay '' hungary , but because hungary accepted free market in 2004 , even at the expense that the western competition will eliminate it 's own industry for a long time . 
  eu subsidies also exists before you can access it 's market and move goods between in and out it 's border without tax . 
  ( see : mercedes , audi factories . ), 
  you also give subsidies because a lot of youth from those countries , especially the educated ones will emmigrate to your country after said individuals have been educated by hungary , thus they will only produce and create wealth , while it cost you nothing . 
  you very well know just as me that most the gypsies do n't report themselves as gypsies many times . 
  not out of my ass , but a person who actually works there . 
  also , was the police chief of miskolc and anecdote too ? 
   although dated ones things has changed a lot since 20 years ago . 
   about evenly . 
  considering they consist of less than 10 % of the population . 
  even ignoring the fact that it was a long time ago , when some of that socialist strictness still kept them somewhat in line and the fact that some of them deny their ethnicity ... yet it was still 50/50 proves my point , thanks !, 
  edit :  m\u00e1rianosztra is n't even a women 's prison you are correct , but from the region they do process female `` prisoners '' too . 
  if i do not want to give up a big part of sovereignty and risk to end up like greece makes me a profiteer , then yes i 'm and so should be every sane person who cares about his country . 
  ahh , i was waiting for you to show up dear friend . 
  one of the families close friends work as a police warden in m\u00e1rianosztra , virtually all of the female inmates are gypsies . 
  anyways , szdsz forbidden to record the ethnicities of the inmates . 
  but in the male prisons 70-80 % is a generous amount , however no official statistics exist for this very reason . 
   kuruc.info like when the ** police chief ** of miskolc admitted that virtually all of the pity crimes were committed by gypsies . 
  of course it 's welcome in prague , makes sense . 
  if you think you can trigger we with trianonposting you are mistaken btw . 
  exactly , why would you put yourself in a disadvantage ? 
   if you refuse to do your part refusing our part would mean taxing western companies and imposing import taxes to boost local industry . 
  the wests failed migration policy is none of our business . 
  it 's a right of a sovereign nation to maintain it 's own currency . 
  i do n't want someone from berlin to dictate what we should or should n't do . 
  2 years ago i would have been for it , but seeing how west tries to use us to release the steam from its failed migrant policy and pressure us into submission when we do not comply , i do n't want to give them another weapon . 
  sure it is , but how does it come here ? 
  ask greece how that worked out for them . 
  how did trianon come here lad , all this salttttt . 
   cause you disagree with it . 
  so if you disagree with it you are kicked out and not try to change it , sick democracy . 
  because it 's beneficial for both you and me ? 
  we both had a parliament with even power , the only tip of power towards austria was the emperor , but honestly he was pretty good . 
  there is a reason both austrians and hungarians have a good memory of it . 
   bosnians , albanians at this point they are more turk then european . 
   you belonged to the inferior races according to whom ? 
  we co-rules a kingdom with the austrians , were they inferior too ? 
  would be , but it 's against the eu rules . 
  if you think eu money is just free shit you are delusional . 
  why would we leave the union ? 
   talking about fundings . 
  funny coming from a greek . 
  i 'm pretty sure hungarians count as whites lad . 
  can we put some taxes on western companies ? 
   unless you are willing to sink the boats i 'm willing to personally gun down those boats and shop back them to africa . 
  after a week they would stop coming because nobody wants to pay the smuggler when they just get deported back . 
   since when do slavic people count as white ? 
  lol . 
  i 'm pretty sure arabs do n't see the difference lad . 
  i 'm willing to bet all of my worldly belongings at at least 90 % of those `` eastern europeans '' were gypsies . 
  given that here in female prisons 98 % of them are gypsies and a lot of them emigrated because they saw western europe as a place for a more lucrative place to conduct ... business, 
  why should i pay them money to solve their problems ? 
  we have plenty of problems here which should be solved first . 
  if they want to live a better life they have to fix it themselves and not expect the white men to come and help every fucking time somewhere in the world some nation fuck up their own country . 
   and you ca n't keep refugees out by force without violating like five core principles , convention and fundamental laws of the eu . 
  laws are not absolute , when they do not benefit you but benefit foreigners , change them . 
  exactly , that 's why i said to take our gypsies too , we could n't integrate them for half a millennium because of our hateful and bigoted ways . 
  maybe you will have better luck this time . 
  so you are paying ransom for them not to come ? 
  keep them out by force if necessary , paying them money will mean more will appear . 
  why should they ? 
  the slovak government , duhhh, 
   never heard that name . 
  [ gotchu fam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mircea_i_of_wallachia )  he came at mathias with his army asking for help against the ottomans and what he received ? 
  a big fuck you true , but he came here because the wallachians deserted to his muslims brother who was ottoman friendly . 
   is kinda a hard to fight an army of 100.000 with 20.000 even with the help from your ally that never arrived i do n't disagree with that . 
  anyways , let 's end the discussion . 
  these romanian vs hungarian flame wars are always pointless , i would slit your throat for erd\u00e9ly , you would slit mine defending it . 
  we got bigger problems in europe right now then this . 
  yes , i only understand train station , i 'm exposed . 
  that is the hungarian equivalent of romanian people saying jesus was romanian . 
  come on now fam crazies are everywhere, 
  no , but that does n't mean they should welcome one of the leaders of a movement that led to them losing a territory . 
   1462 already talked about it  1525 one rebellion against the ottomans , after that he fled to us . 
   1594 after the first encounter he retreated , only attacked again when szeklers , b\u00e1thory ( hungarians ) and habsburgs arrived . 
  claiming it as your own and only victory is silly , do n't you think ? 
  it 's the only one that had any effect , so i give you that . 
  no , but because she contributed to serbias territorial loss . 
   that 's why the ottomans invaded wallachia so many times and failed a lot ?
