  this is no more wrong than groups about aliens , illuminati and so on . 
  those castles were mostly destroyed by the austrians after our 74th freedom fight/rebellion to prevent us from using them . 
  i 'm sure it was one of those crazy homophobic eastern europeans i 'm always hearing about !, 
  ** big hungary best hungary **, 
  just visit any discussion about orb\u00e1n , the first 3 posts will be about how we should be kicked out of the eu because muh racisms and far right . 
  also , complaining about echo-chambers and saying you rarely visit this subreddit because you think most of the people hold right wing views in the same paragraph looks silly . 
  i did n't down vote you . 
  well , it 's usually the left who is for more refugees , more open borders , yadda yadda . 
  while the right is against it . 
  but i can reword my first statement if you want me to : most of this board holds liberal views on the refugee crisis and usually the opposition is the one that gets down voted . 
  better ? 
  the migrant topic is where most of the right vs left discussion happens nowadays on this board . 
   anything not against all refugees being allowed in gets downvoted to oblivion . 
  yes , there is some anti-refugee sentiment here , just like in europe . 
  but the statement that left wing stuff gets down voted here is not true . 
  the `` one race human race open the borders racists xd '' gets down voted , sure ( i 'm not saying are that type !, 
  ) , just like the `` gas all refugees god bless orb\u00e1n : dd '' stuff because those comments are equally stupid . 
  the majority of this board is still liberal , that 's what i wanted to say . 
  are you on the same board ? 
  anything `` right wing '' gets down voted to hell here , just because not every thread gets an over the top `` open borders one race human race '' top comment does n't mean pro-refugee stuff gets down voted , quite the opposite . 
  how so ? 
  are you implying there is no such thing like german or french people , only people who are just mere citizens of germany and france ? 
  because i have a sense of self-preservation . 
  i 'm not by the way , but if i were french or an englishmen , i would be . 
  i also have no illusions about what minorities think about europeans and how they would behave if they were to achieve majority . 
  just take a look at south africa or rhodesia . 
  you assumed by our wars we are morally obligated to accept them and should not shield ourselves against those people who seek to live among us just to leech off our achievements . 
  yes . 
  edit : do n't put `` bonus question '' an hour later just to make it look like i 'm avoiding questions . 
  but the comment you and i replied to was about mass immigration . 
  also , just because a country conquered by power and might another country , that does n't mean we have a moral obligation to accept people who will replace us and decrease the quality of life for our people . 
  do n't act like only `` white people '' waged wars , it just so happened that we were the best at it . 
  you can have french citizenship and be a beneficial part of france regardless of skin colour , i 'm not arguing about it . 
  but citizenship does not mean you are french , just a citizen of france . 
  i 'm aware that algerians were conquered by the french . 
  obviously , hungarys main source of income is the buttsex tax . 
  that 's what they say in western europe too , that kids are too expensive . 
  at least he 's trying to do something about it . 
  he was talking about mass immigration , not algerian women parading in france wearing burkinis . 
  because it 's worn by muslims/arabs , i doubt you would find a lot of muslims in france without african/middle eastern background . 
  i 'm willing to bet big money that those women were algerian . 
  i doubt french women wear burkinis . 
  those did n't damage our homeland nearly as much mass immigration will in the coming decades , centuries . 
  by the way , he meant 2000 onwards . 
  do you think volunteers would suffice in a conventional war against another industrial nation ? 
  no , the government would be binded due to agreements . 
  the average hans ? 
  not so much . 
  probably , but i do n't think finland was so keen on fighting for us oil interests either . 
  i have no further insight into these polls or what was the difference between the two different sampling methods and/or questions . 
  right , that was my bad i have misread the question , i thought it was about if * nato * should react or no . 
  that was my bad . 
  then it 's interesting , two different survey say two very different things in the case of the dutch . 
  got ta admit it , i do n't have an idea why . 
  dutchies hate russia with a burning passion maybe ? 
  they should 've played this music during the video . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mk6txmsvgqg one job !, 
  no , 70 % of the dutch want * nato * to fight * their * battles on the plains of ee . 
   if you ask people right after a terror attack if they 're willing to fight for their country the numbers will be significantly high in most countries , if just recently 15 of your soldiers have died in a foreign country they 're probably significantly lower . 
  i can pull things out of my ass too . 
  if anything , when 15 of your people die i assume the population would be angry , thus more people would be willing to fight against the people who killed them . 
  yeah , the thing is we can just let them pass through so they knock on your doorstep . 
  i mean what is in for us if you are not willing to help ? 
  you sent 5000 men i assume this included all support roles too . 
  that is hardly the representation of the german population and their willingness to grab a rifle when the time comes . 
  it 's not like you sent those men willingly , neither did we or anyone else on europe . 
  yes , that 's correct . 
  did i say otherwise ? 
  they ca n't disagree because they were killed by the very same people you have welcomed into your country oh so proudly . 
  [ also this ] ( http://brilliantmaps.com/europe-fight-war/ ) edit : keep on giving the good old silent down vote treatment , way to go !, 
  not surprising given that germans would n't even defend their own homeland . 
   poland 26 % no . 
  yes , if you say that you are probably a neo-nazi . 
  setting fire to 1/4 of their old wooden door sure showed them !, 
  pretty weak anglos , pretty weak . 
  we just made a full circle in the argument , this is what you said at the beginning , i have refuted it and then you ignored the topic for a few comments and now you said it again . 
  successful troll is successful . 
  what kind of argument is that , are you 14 ? 
  we can stop immigration and deport people , we ca n't stop people from driving . 
  somehow , magically it 's always cities full of muslims . 
  wait a week or two for the next `` terror attack carried out by a lone second generations muslims migrants from [ muslim country ] . '', 
  i did n't see terrorist attacks happening in budapest or warsaw . 
   black people are also statistically more likely to commit crimes . 
  would you also feel queasy about having black neighbours ? 
  in we ? 
  living in a city where the majority is foreigners ? 
  absolutely . 
   between 1973 and 2015 , 20 fatalities there you go , immigration works . 
  they are much more efficient at carrying out terror attacks than the natives !, 
  there is much more to a nation state than a gdp number . 
  ask people of manchester about the spontaneously combusting part . 
  next week you can ask another city with a significant migrant population . 
  i can get taco trucks on every corner without migrants though . 
  it is , paying less for the same work while producing more sure boosts the gdp . 
  it 's not good for the natives tho , especially when they have a tendency to spontaneously combust . 
  i would love being like somalia too !, 
   terrorising all he said they should disclose who is sponsoring them . 
  be against it , i do n't care , but do n't spread misinformation . 
  even the heeeeavily biased index wrote `` few thousand at most '' . 
  what you see on the pictures are literally all of them .
