  what was it , 40-50 % voted and 98,36 % voted no to migrants . 
   you know very well that this is false . 
  prior to the elections in 2014 , the governing fidesz party changed the election rules and the election districts . 
  so in 2010 , when fidesz won 2/3 majority , they also received 2,7 million votes . 
  4 years later , in 2014 , they only received 2,1 million votes , and still received the same percentage of mandates in the parliament . 
  while gerrymandering is wrong , do you want me to list all the countries ** mainly the us ** who did the same shit , even more obviously . 
  do you think the us is a dictatorship because of that ? 
   limiting the number of terms of prime ministers to max 2 terms ??? 
  just because a no-name insignificant party tried to make a referendum about something you ca n't , does n't mean we have no democracy . 
   those were all questions submitted to the constitutional court . 
  fidesz did everything it could to prevent the vote from happening , and when it finally did , they just gave in without consulting the people at all . 
  for example , they did n't want to hold a referendum on the olympics . 
  when enough people signed so that they had to have the referendum , they just cancelled the whole olympics thing . 
  now we will never know if the majority wanted it or not . 
  and all the money that was spent in the 4 years before that , for the olympics ... all wasted . 
  they know most of the people , or at least a sizeable amount were against it , therefore they pulled the plug . 
  the fact that we had no chance against whatever big city wanted to host it played a major role also . 
  what 's your point ? 
   this year they are blaming soros . 
  last year they were blaming the immigrants . 
  and before that , it was the imf , the eu , random political opponents ... as if you heard soros in 2017 , do n't kid yourself . 
   orban had a meeting with putin yesterday . 
  no one knows what they talked about , but it implies that putin is really pulling the strings behind the curtains . 
  merkel had a meeting with putin too , is she a puppet too ? 
  i do n't care if political leaders meet each other , if the russians were plotting some evil master plan against ee , they would n't plan it publicly anyways . 
  it 's not a bad idea to keep russia close to ourselves too , in case in the future things go south with europe , `` hintapolitika '' . 
  they should not be our primary partners though , and do n't kid yourself , it does n't seem like they will be in the foreseeable future . 
   by coincidence , the numbers are better than predicted in slovakia , romania etc. 
  do you think it 's some miracle that orban did why is hungary doing good ? 
  or maybe it 's just an overall regional thing . 
  hungary 's economy is so small , it does n't matter who does what , if germany 's economy slows down then so will everyone else 's . 
  when in 2011 the eu 's economy was doing badly , hungary also had a recession ( which was worse than in other countries in the region ) . 
  you are right here , but the lefties went into autistic screeching tantrums about muh ruined economy , which is not true . 
   there is no constructive opposition in hungarian politics . 
  they act like little children who shout stuff at eachoter because they ca n't ride the carousel . 
  the opposition should change , not only in its communication but in their motives aswell . 
  just because the lefties are fucking stupid , because a , unlike you , most of the people would cut their arms off before voting for a `` western '' liberal . 
  b , they ca n't pull off their identity politics and after that they nothing to offer what fidesz or jobbik does n't . 
  ( b-but muh liberalism : expect from your echo chamber in buda , nobody cares about your pc shit . 
  we have bigger problems than `` muh humanity '' . ), 
   wrong . 
  they attack hungary because hungary treats migrants ( = human beings ) , like animals . 
  they are locked in concentration camps . 
  you can not treat people like that , this is not saudi arabia . 
  the eu agrees that hungary should defend its borders . 
  it does n't agree with how those people who are already inside hungary 's territory are treated . 
  see above , nobody cares about your humanitarian stuff , they are not our friends never been , never will and should be treated as such . 
  also stuff like this : http://nol.hu/data/cikk/1/62/23/5/cikk_1622305/05023-tuntetes-tek_nol_nagykep.jpg comparing the arad martyrs to a bunch of arab cowards who do n't want to fight for their homeland is outrageous . 
   what happens when a child touches the electric fence on the border ? 
  who is responsible for the murder of that child ? 
  it is one thing when you want to deter immigrants . 
  it 's a different matter when you 're acting like mordor in doing so . 
  a , the electricity in the fence will not be lethal . 
  b , the parents . 
   the eu decided that every member state should take its share of refugees . 
  as of 2017 , the eu ca n't decide who we let into our country . 
   if hungary is acting like a spoiled child who does n't want to play with others unless others play by hungary 's rule , then it 's normal the other `` kids '' will eventually kick hungary out of the group . 
  again , do n't kid yourself , as long we are industrially a colony of germany , poland or hungary will not get kicked out of the eu . 
   looks like it finally has . 
  and orban will soon find out that being too arrogant is not so good for political career . 
  the people of whole eastern europe do n't want migrants , also a sizeable part of western europe . 
  what it does is * not * listening to it 's people , got ta keep that gdp high at the cost of our natives . 
  anyways , it 's clearly obvious that even though the hungarian people are against it , you want to forcefully settle foreign people into our country , by foreign force . 
  how freedom loving and liberal of you . 
  wrong place mate , reddit hates opposing views . 
  stick to the narrative or you 're a literal nazi . 
  it 's also funny that while redditors might get the idea that hungary `` hates '' orb\u00e1n , the majority of people support him . 
  of course it 's hard to talk to actual people in the countryside who live much much better than they did 8 years ago , but w/e , echo chambers 4 lyfe . 
   your country ( democratically ) chose to join the eu and got rich ( er ) off it . 
  and we allowed it , because they have profited too , do you think the money sent to us is net loss ? 
  80 % of the money goes to western , mainly german companies on construction and etc projects . 
  we might as well stop fooling around and call ee a german colony . 
  the article clearly stated it was from a facebook post from 2015 and that she is being brought to court , the article did n't say she will be jailed tomorrow . 
   also , are n't you from hungary , where universities are n't allowed to say things that are n't approved by the state ? 
  we tried to enact a law , a law that is present in austria , the czech republic and so many other western states . 
  said law would n't allow a soros 's university to operate the same way it did before , giving away foreign diplomas without an operating uni in their home state/country . 
  ( which happened to be new york state . ), 
  nice `` fake news '' you got there . 
  yaddi yadda , so which statement were n't true from * this * article . 
  which part is `` fake news '' according to you ? 
  if this is what you understood from my comment , that i 've pointed out her age and implied she should n't follow a law just because of her age , now that 's your problem . 
   in a post from 2015 , she has written that immigrants `` set cars on fire and urinate and defecate in the streets . '', 
  a 70 year old pensioner is brought to court for saying what is effectively * true * and you are defending this system . 
  churchill was right after all . 
  just because there have been one or two , does n't mean it belongs to the country . 
  a few hungarian traders/etc have been living on and off in japan for a few centuries too , that does n't mean i have any connections to that land nor does that mean that japan has any cultural connections to hungary . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  somehow feminists will say that this is oppressive . 
  ca n't wait for the westerners to educate us why we did n't integrate the gypos yet and why are we the reason they live in squalor . 
  funnily enough you are the fascists in germany , not the right . 
  keep silencing opposition for the greater good of germany and the europeans . 
  it has worked out for you in the 30s too . 
   empire uh , ok ? 
  4 more years of pretending everything is alright . 
  so much open mindness in a single comment . 
  then the destruction of your economy was fine too , it was a necessary compromise after all . 
  imagine an orb\u00e1n with less corruption and a little bit more nationalists . 
   momentum `` look guys , we are totally not leftists and our only policy is fuck orb\u00e1n '' i give them 3 months . 
  nobody even heard about them besides the capital , painting some government adverts over is n't politics imo . 
  not necessarily , the left is even more incompetent in hungary , to a laughable amount .
