you are half german half armenian , who identifies more with his german side for obvious reasons . 
  nothing wrong with that , both are somewhat european ethnicities after all , you sound like an alright chap . 
  however this is not ` murica where there is defined ethnicity . 
  i wo n't turn magically into a german even if i lived there all my life . 
  ( even though my grandmother and another grand grandfather was swabish and could easily pass as one due to hair and eye colour ) . 
  nor would a random chap from africa , asia or mario from italy . 
  there is no reason to cheapen that word just because someone works in munich and is not a complete human waste . 
   german grandparents ( one of em was actually in the ss , i thought that made me german at least ), 
  yes , because outside our borders it 's not common knowledge that it 's called swastika . 
  we shall immediately start using the word `` n\u00e1ci gy\u0171l\u00f6letfirka '' instead of `` horogkereszt '', 
  i mean they * are * turks , just living in germany for a while now , what should the call themselves ? 
   nazi hate graffiti it has a name , swastika . 
  they look like an alright hardworking family . 
   to become german `` german '' is not a mental state , it 's an ethnicity . 
  you can be a hardworking and contributing element of the german society , but you wo n't magically become german , a citizen of the german state at best . 
  which we could solve easily if there was the will for it . 
  also i would rather not depend on africans and arabs when it comes to food . 
   eu is ruining half of africa 's domestic agriculture and in turn makes our stronger . 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  one more reason why turkey can not into europe i guess . 
   but is illiberal hungary really the future of europe ? 
  and could mr orban succeed in re-making the union ? 
  how could a president of a relatively insignificant nation `` re-make '' the union . 
  it 's up to the germans , they elect the `` leader '' of the eu , especially now without the britbongs anyways , which will probably mean another 4 years of uneventful but stable governance by angela . 
   first : please , let 's not compare this to normandy or state that we should ` fight back ' . 
  that reminds me of nigel farage referring to the film dunkirk as a prequel for what is to come in the ` fight ' against the eu . 
  it 's a little concerning when people look at these problems and believe the answer is tanks , apache helicopters and machine guns , against what are essentially boats full of unarmed people . 
  let 's refrain from advocating extreme violence . 
  you are right , there is no need to machine-gun them down . 
   second : no , it 's not as easy as simply rounding them up and deporting them . 
  all of them will have burned/discarded their passports . 
  several of these people will be protected through refugee law ( quite a few rightly so ) . 
  others might not be recognised or accepted by their home countries , making deportation impossible . 
  simply dropping them off on the nearest coast in northern africa is not an option : you 'd have all human rights legislation on the planet against you and that would seriously agitate the receiving countries . 
  to us , it 's very important to uphold this legislation as the entire international rule of law we 've built from the ashes of ww2 is based on human rights . 
  disregarding that would be akin to kicking our own feet from under us . 
  it would destroy the legitimacy we have on the world stage , which has serious consequences . 
  moreover , it 's not a long term solution -- we 'd simply shift the burden to other , more unstable countries . 
  the resulting situation would be akin to a powder keg waiting to explode . 
  yes , it 's absolutely as easy at it sounds . 
  they have burned their passports ? 
  too bad , then they will be deported wherever we can them . 
  you ca n't welcome the whole world just because they * willingly * burned their passports . 
  you can bet after a few deportations the word would spread and they would stop doing that . 
   o us , it 's very important to uphold this legislation as the entire international rule of law we 've built from the ashes of ww2 is based on human rights . 
  disregarding that would be akin to kicking our own feet from under us . 
  those words are not set in stone . 
  if a agreement greatly hurts you , you will break it . 
  as did the usa in the past several times , or israel and so on . 
   oreover , it 's not a long term solution -- we 'd simply shift the burden to other , more unstable countries . 
  now , that is absolutely not our problem if other countries suffer , this way * we * suffer , i would prefer * them * . 
   as it stands , we 're faced with a seriously unstable situation in several regions in ( northern ) africa . 
  most problematic are the sahel , the maghreb and the horn of africa . 
  it 's a belt which runs all the way from mauritania in the east to somalia in the west . 
  there are several contributing factors : social conflict and war , general economic instability and poverty , a large disillusioned youth population , globalisation ( the kind which you can not stop : internet etc ) and , as a major exacerbating factor , climate change . 
  the sahara desert is expanding rapidly and swallowing up communities . 
  somalia has also experienced several extreme droughts in the span of only 15 years . 
  these droughts are killing crops and livestock en masse in a country where people generally depend on the ability to grow their own food . 
  climate refugees is a real thing , pushing entire tribes into the territory of other tribes further exacerbating social tensions and poverty & acting as a catalyst for conflict . 
  yes , luckily we have the power and the might to shield ourselves from these problems . 
  they can only get to europe through narrow crossing points and a sea which is much easier to control then some people think . 
   what 's important is to fundamentally understand what we 're seeing . 
  i hope we can all agree that these people would not travel to europe if they were not extremely desperate . 
  keep in mind that the smuggling and human trafficking routes which run through the sahara and through libya ( where most depart ) are very dangerous . 
  these routes are controlled by militias who are known to do absolutely appalling stuff . 
  in other words , there are serious issues at play which drive people to go through these areas , despite the danger ( rape , torture & murder is not uncommon ) . 
  bla-bla-bla , other people suffering in an other continent is not our problem . 
   the only possible way in which european countries can deal with this issue long-term is through the engagement of the aforementioned regions . 
  it is important that the reasons why people are moving are addressed . 
  if we fail to do so , it is only bound to get worse . 
  one could say that the lack of this engagement and the lack of a comprehensive foreign policy has been partly to blame for the current situation to begin with . 
  our past in northern africa has seen several failed interventions ( libya for example ) and a general neglect following decolonisation in the 50s-60s . 
  ironically , the only platform through which european countries could actually mount a comprehensive policy with regards to the north africa regions is the european union . 
  why should * we * fight their wars ? 
  why should * we * give them money and expecting nothing in return just because we and our ancestors were more successful then them ? 
   yet , despite this , there are significant sections of the population in all european countries who only wish to see the eu be destroyed or marginalised ... using the refugee/migrant crisis as an argument . 
  it 's honestly depressing to see how short-sighted our infighting is and how much it is hampering any sort of meaningful action . 
  nobody wants to see the eu destroyed , what those people want to see is a strong eu , not a castrated one . 
  who would win ? 
   the combined naval force of the european union  some illiterate tribesmen with a rubber boat we literally ca n't solve this crisis alt rightists bigots , nothing to see here !, 
  i 'm not trying to be a dick , i suppose you meant the `` modern '' croatia under croatia , not the soil . 
  probably the latter broski . 
  is n't venice a legal predecessor for italy ? 
  i remember that we have waged wars here and there against them over territories along the shoreline . 
  they are doing the same shit here too , some things never change . 
  why is it always romanian ? 
  slovaks and serbs stopped trianonposting recently . 
   spain has a milliom gypsies . 
  while also having a greater population . 
  also those gitanos are not even remotely the same what we have here . 
  [ lvl 80 full gear gypsy you say ? 
  ] ( https://hir.ma/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/cig\u00e1ny-g\u00e1rda-5.jpeg ) self proclaimed leader of the `` gypsy guard '', 
  yes , it 's just a mere coincidence that the top 4 on this list correlates with the most gypsies per country in the eu . 
  here , have a relevant joke everyone knows in hungary : how long does a gypsy girl stay virgin ? 
  as long as she is stronger than her younger brother , faster than her older and her father is in jail . 
  i wonder what kind of demographics cause that spike in the `` top '' 4 countries . 
  hmmmmm, 
  we have that in hungary too . 
  i assume it favours women over there as well so i do n't know what 's the big fuss is about . 
  not many people care about emissions though , they care about quality and the `` model sedan '' which everyone tries to compete with is still a vw passat , the `` model small car '' is still a vw golf .
