  [ there you go ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2003/nov/25/theeuro.politics )  how does this compare ? 
  what 's the reasoning behind that ? 
  make lidl and aldi less competitive , thus helping local companies . 
  this in not an issue in hungary , but some other eastern countries it is . 
  but that would make eastern european companies uncompetitive . 
  good luck moving those companies there , if you could you , you would have already done that . 
  of course it is , because you act like these artificial laws are set in stone and ca n't be changed . 
  as the east improves at this pace you better get used to it that we will no longer be prostitues of western companies and be only their assembly lines . 
  but who will pay those increased prices ? 
  these rules have n't been enforced since we have joined because it has served the interests of the germans , now that their transport companies have been struggling recently because of the competition from eastern companies they try to force it out from the west . 
  if you think it has any other reason you are willingly fooling yourself . 
  this law will not get through or if it does we might as well introduce that 20 % tax on foreign supermarkets the eu was so vehemently against . 
  laws do n't just `` pop '' up they are created for a reason and serve someones interests for a reason , not something you ca n't change . 
   if you work in country a , then you must respect the regulation and laws of country a. 
  and minumum wage is part of law . 
  but if you are employed by another company you must respect the minimum wage in the home country . 
  which is respected . 
   if you work in country a , then you must respect the regulation and laws of country a. 
  and minumum wage is part of law . 
  they are being followed . 
   they ca n't have `` made in eastern europe '' on their high end car . 
  of course not , that 's why for example porsche manufactures in bratislava , then ships it across the border to leipzig and smash a `` made in germany '' on it . 
  [ this is what i got about poland regarding economic growth ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/poland/gdp-growth ) . 
   how many president of the west would have sacrificed their first born to get those result ? 
  all of them like you said , because a if the german gdp grew by 2 % , economists would be happy , but if chinas , they would jump out of the window . 
  but this eu regulation is unfair . 
  or if you disagree with a policy in eu , people should just leave ? 
  are you out of your mind ? 
  feel free to quote the part where i mentioned `` eu '' . 
  conveniently avoiding the harder questions , truly the european way . 
  and how will the companies pay their workers those higher wages ? 
  they are already paying far more than the minimum wage , just not the german one , since they are not german workers . 
  so being at the mercy of german companies is a good thing now ? 
  convienent to think that way when you are not . 
  also care to elaborate how does us manufacturing cars now justifies making eastern transport companies uncompetitive artificially ? 
  or is our `` ability '' to work for a less money is only good as long it benefits you ? 
   equalizing pay between european workers and where will that money will come from ? 
  will germany give more money to eastern companies just so that they can pay more to their workers ? 
  or will they harvest the needed money out of thin air ? 
  workers already make good money , if they wanted to leave the country and work in western europe they would have already done that , with this you just remove their choices and force them to work abroad by making the local companies bankrupt . 
  also you imply people do n't want to work for local companies , even if they pay a little less . 
  you see things as black and white . 
  west still has their industry , they are now able to manufacture more due to being able to produce cars cheaper in countries , having an open market that can purchase said products . 
  all the three big auto makers still have manufacturing plants in germany . 
  some protectionist measures would have been nice and helped , we certainly would n't have stayed at `` last century '' living . 
  the rate of growth did n't explode after 2004 like some people think . 
  you lost your industry without the need of eu , like how peugeot manufactures in africa , so you ca n't put all of the blame on us . 
  balancing things out is n't artificially raising costs for eastern companies only to put german ones in a better position . 
   let 's be real , we would have dump our product anyway . 
  sure and we could 've used protectionist measures to reduce the effects . 
  open markets after 2004 were not a bad choice , but at the expense of our industrial capabilities we seen living standards improving at a faster rate  i do n't see or company paying more on wage as a benefit for them . 
  the same way you dump your products here , a single market wo n't have only advantages for you . 
  you ca n't have the cake and eat it too . 
  then why bother commenting about my age ? 
  you can hardly argue with `` what are you ? 
  '' , do n't you agree ? 
  [ huh ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cvedaw8weaagyb2.png ), 
  but where will that money come from ? 
  a company creates a revenue of x , and has an expense of y. 
  if you artificially increase y , but not x the company will go bankrupt . 
   in the end all poles will gain something out of it in the long run . 
  how will the poles gain something out of it when their companies go bankrupt so that german ones can stay afloat ? 
  yes , but they have to spend 3 weeks away and 1 week at home every month . 
  even lidl pays 800 euro/month in my town , hungary is not as bad as some people try to make it out to be . ^ like ^ the ^ census ^ in ^ r/hungary ^ prove, 
  you ca n't be racist against whites , power + prejudice duhhh ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i assume because they prefer kebab to gyros , those damn heretics . 
  been like this in hungary for years , i thought this was some eu health standard or something , interesting . 
  i do n't think so , i still use `` t\u00f3t '' however some people do use szlov\u00e1k more commonly . 
  i guess it depends on the region . 
  but it 's certainly not like calling someone a nigger on the us or something like that . 
  maybe considered a little bit old fashioned , probably the closest to it would be `` kraut '' in england , but we have called them t\u00f3ts for a millennium now , so it 's not a good comparison either . 
  you should though , because vw not getting bullied to pay fines is the interest of germanys economy , thus the whole eu . 
   and the point about investment is just wrong . 
  capital influx into eastern europe is enormous did i say otherwise ? 
   i do n't really understand how a company in poland going bankrupt because a polish company ca n't afford to pay german wage for it 's workers . 
   a bmw plant in poland pays taxes to the polish government , lots of them actually . 
  yes , foreign companies pay taxes , but the profits they make usually do n't reinvest in the host countries . 
  also a `` they pay taxes too '' is not a good argument to care less about national companies . 
   this is just shitty economic nationalism [ talking of economic nationalism ... ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-07-06/vw-escapes-cheating-fines-in-germany-as-payout-pressure-mounts )  i do care about the polish workers but you do n't care about the polish state , exactly why we will have to . 
   in this case eastern european companies undercut the minimum wage . 
  no , they employ drivers in their own countries . 
  i have a friend in family who is a trucker , they make about 1800 euro a month . 
   if that results in a german truck company hiring them instead of a polish one , why should they care ? 
  the drivers will profit from better wages . 
  are you seriously mad about getting a western european minimum wage instead of a polish one ? 
  the companies will go bankrupt , which will hurt the country and it 's economy . 
  of course you will forget about it next time and say we should be grateful for the pennies we get back from eu money . 
   how is this bad for polish people ? 
  usually people complain about races to the bottom but in this case it 's bad if harmonise wages in this sector to the benefit of the people living on dumping wages ? 
  it 's bad for the polish state . 
  if you do n't care about polish workers who work in bmw factories for 1/3 of the price for you , then you should n't care about polish truckers if they work for 1/2 of the price for themselves just because now it creates competition . 
  then what 's the point of having western european companies ? 
  why make rules that put eastern european companies at a disadvantage ? 
  also it 's really convenient to think we should n't have national companies just be a produktionslinie for german companies and be very grateful for it , of course . 
   not by keeping uncompetitive business alive . 
  right now the uncompetitive businesses are the western ones , that 's why western nations are so desperate to create these laws . 
  `` i know sheeps , we got the best sheeps ! '', 
  not that it 's anything bad to convict someone for liking pro-refugee and liberal comments on its own , but it opens a door for convicting people for liking comments that are not in line of , say , the current government policies . 
  see how funny that sounds ? 
  which will drive the eastern european companies out of business , that 's the point .
