  yes , immigrants were treated like pariahs ... 
  i recall germans lining up at stations welcoming them . 
   you 'd be shocked . 
  you 'd be shocked . 
  more than half of the new arabs and africans ca n't even read , let alone being educated . 
   but i genuinely wonder how many migrants would return home if they were paid for flights and resettlement costs . 
  probably not much since they payed and came here on their own will . 
   it wants to bite you because you 're mean to it . 
  giving free money , housing , welfare is being mean to someone ? 
   immigrants that immigrate because they are wealthy and want to experience a higher standard of living tend not to commit violent crimes . 
  that does not represent most of the migrants , especially the recent ones . 
  also , the dog is not chained to you , they would be free to leave if they felt they are treated badly . 
  i will not be nice to a doggo if it wants to bite me . 
  then i better kill the dog before it bites me . 
  this is what you would suggest ? 
  yes , it 's our fault that they kill us . 
  it 's easier to commit attacks in a majority muslim countries ( connection , support etc. ), 
  with no or miniscule internal agencies to prevent such attacks . 
  imagine if all the attacks would have been carried out which were only prevented by french/german/english etc agencies . 
  [ this is how he looks like ] ( http://imgur.com/6suylkk ) we will see what were his motives tomorrow . 
  what reports ? 
  i could n't find any source . 
  perhaps they were the * wrong type * of muslims ? 
  you might be right , but in light of recent events i doubt it . 
  we will see by tomorrow morning . 
  also unrelated , but what were they doing in a mosque at 2am ? 
  ramadan stuff ? 
   turkey in the eu . 
  no thanks . 
  surprised by 6 in poland and 2 in the czech republic . 
  why are there so many drunk brits all over eastern yurop, 
  what a quintessentially british gentleman . 
   if you ca n't recall numerous killings in north america in the past few months under those banners , you need to follow international news more closely . 
  waging war is a different thing than blowing yourself up in the name of allah . 
   all terrorists of all kinds are domestic ones whose parents came from x arab country . 
  i do n't think these are `` crimes '' in the first place . 
  if they are , all powerful countries are just criminals . 
   but you 'd be very wrong to assume that invading others is the only thing that makes him a criminal president . 
  i think i 've explained why . 
  surely your memory is better than your reading comprehension ? 
  surely i 've answered what you said , while you did n't answer to me . 
  i 'm sure it 's easier to just use ad-hominems and claim that i 'm stupid though . 
  anyways , on the other `` string '' of our discussion you quit because you have ran out of arguments , this happens here too . 
  your last argument was reduced to `` i did n't say it but mere implied it '' . 
  i 'm out , have a nice morning . 
  you ca n't argue with people who do n't even try to prove themselves right , just try to prove the other side morally bad/wrong . 
   reading comprehension strikes again . 
  you are the one who said both russia 's invasion , and nato 's , were justified . 
  i said both were despicable . 
  and i asked why attack russia about it , while turning a blind eye to nato , calling putin a criminal president when he does nothing different than people west of him . 
   i said it 's a sign of despicable cynism to defend invading and annexing another country , yes . 
  good job . 
  now , care to answer my question ? 
  then we are just as despicable as them . 
  why attack him about that then ? 
   you probably mean `` repercussions '' . 
  if you truly believe that , you are a psychopath . 
  normal people do n't stop from committing crimes because they 'll be caught , but because they instinctively feel that it is wrong to commit antisocial actions , as we have evolved to collaborate with others . 
  if the only thing that 's stopping you from killing others and taking their possessions is fear of repercussions , i suggest you see a medical professional immediately . 
  was the genocide of indians a bad thing , the south americans ? 
  it benefited europe greatly , or would you want to give your wealth up because your ancestors were psychopaths ? 
  also , you asked what does stop a country from conquering and genociding another , i have answered your question , again . 
   where did i say we did n't invade anyone ? 
  is your reading comprehension as bad as your moral compass ? 
  you said putin is a bad person because he invaded and annexed regions . 
  you , not me . 
   love the little `` ree '' btw . 
  perfectly identifies what i 'm dealing with . 
  why am i not surprised that your ilk are defending putin ? 
  yes , because `` reee '' is not mainstream nowadays , thanks for the heads up . 
   oh , so no harm done ? 
  the question arises again - if you think countries should just be self serving , and it was in a country 's interest to commit genocide , should it be done ? 
  if morality is never an issue , what 's stopping us ? 
  what 's stopping us ? 
  the only thing that has always stopped a man to commit a crime . 
  reprocussion . 
   why do you feel the need to lie ? 
  [ gotcha fam ] ( https://i.imgur.com/lgiqkzz.gifv ) if you do n't believe this one , i can go on . 
   ah , yes , that 's why the west is comprised of dictatorships , and people ca n't ever protest ... oh , wait . 
  civil activism was unknown to people before putin , do you want to me link reports about russian protests ? 
   right , this is the point where demand an ever-increasing burden of proof , accepting nothing short of video recordings ( actually , you 'll dispute even those ) , and ignore the fact that all of his opponents just die . 
  that 's a nice way of saying i do n't have anything , but they did it i 'm sure . 
  the same way the donald fags freaked out when scalia died , because he must have been assassinated . 
  i 'll edit mine too :  ( it 's also funny how you 've gone from `` i ca n't take you seriously , how can you say the internet is censored '' to `` we do it too !!!! 11 !! ), 
  i said do n't think either of those imply that the `` internet is censored '' . 
  you showed me what russia does , i showed you what the west and asked if you think does that mean the internet is censored in europe too . 
  of course you conveniently avoided answering . 
   how about we just do n't invade others ? 
  is that so hard ? 
  you went quickly from `` we do n't do that , just they ! '', 
  to `` we should n't be doing it either , but neither they reee '' . 
  so the genocide thing , and invading others for his own benefit was n't bad . 
  you literally think hitler did nothing wrong . 
  astonishing . 
  it was bad , you asked what hitler did wrong that he has to be hated everywhere . 
  i answered your question . 
  english , russian , french , italian , spanish , hungarian , turkish you name it people all committed genocides . 
  the only difference was that they have won . 
  the same reason napoleon was hated in his lifetime , because he has lost . 
   did you actually read what i wrote ?
