  the left has the `` the rich should pay ! '', 
  ( no , literally , this is their slogan , no jokes . ), 
  and the jobbik has ... honestly i do n't even know what does jobbik stand for anymore neither do they . 
  ladies and gentlemen , i present thee the hungarian left . 
  `` fuck everyone budapest bestpest everyone else is a fucking suburban or rural retard , they are not a intellectual like myself , teehee xd '' . 
  careful with those illegal thoughts . 
  i 'm sure orb\u00e1n will tremble in fear from that 1-2 % . 
  they are kind of a blend of national , liberal and conservative ideas . 
  for gay rights , abortion etv but against immigration and such . 
  anyways , we will see how much influence the media really has on the people , because all the major online newspapers could n't shut up about them . 
  probably itt will just be another hungarian liberal party or lmp , a tiny bit relevant for a year or two , then the `` hype '' dies down and poof , gone . 
  fixed some typos , bloody phone, 
  i 'm aware of it , however there is a slight difference between quietly exiting the war with the help of the allies , than switching sides to the bolsheviks and attacking your former allies . 
  edited a typo . 
   if your goal is to reduce the number of victims , then a 3 % reduction in the problem as a whole has more impact than a 50 % reduction in a single small group . 
  and how would you reduce the german rate even more ? 
  a tiny minority that makes up 14.9 % of the violent rapes , and you want to dismiss it , cause muh german majority . 
  where , on r/fullcommunism ? 
  of course it 's off the table , i just agreed with you on croatia . 
  when you banter i 'll banter back . 
   submitted 4 hours ago . 
  why are such articles delayed until 1 am when they will gain much less visibility ? 
  anyways , i said it before and will say it again . 
  we eastern europeans are clearly bigoted racists and do not prefer such blessing as the syrian and other arab people , they bring gdp growth , higher wages and prosperity . 
  we simply do not deserve these , we did not earn them . 
  forwarding thinking , progressive countries such as france , germany and especially sweden should be rewarded with these blessings . 
  we should not be rewarded , we should be punished for our ways by leaving us culturally , ethnically and racially homogenous . 
  that 's what we deserve . 
  no problem broski , bucharest gave me several good laughs too . 
  it 's only fair . 
  i would support croatia too , not romania though . 
  they would just switch sides when it favours them like they always did . 
  would n't it be more logical to look at the people who are overrepresented in crime statistics ? 
  in germany it 's `` natural '' that germans commit most of the crime , they have the most of those . 
  but when certain parts of society are far more likely to do it , why not look at them ? 
  and they only counting migrants , not the ones who already have german citizenship . 
  jesus christ i did n't think it was that bad . 
  luckily no nor would we want it . 
  quick piss, 
  those pesky czech have a very similar law for example too , i guess they took that step long ago and seem to be fine . 
  yes , i did n't understood that part either . 
  that video is very well known ( probably one of the most seen aerial combat footage , because of it 's high quality and the sheer number of afghans dying in the video . ), 
  i wonder what his motives were with it , given that i do n't think anyone thought that it would n't be obvious . 
  edit : fixed a typo, 
  the international rescue committee ( irc ) invited seven youtube creators to get to know refugees around the world and share their stories . 
  see those stories at xxx ( ca n't use shortened urls ) learn more about the irc and youtube 's partnership , and make a donation at https://www.rescue.org/youtube . 
  google will match all donations up to $ 500k . 
  with thanks to maryam , catherine , hasan , and many others for sharing their stories . 
   featured creators : the young turks : www.youtube.com/theyoungturks asapscience : www.youtube.com/asapscience fly with haifa : www.youtube.com/flywithhaifa tyler oakley : www.youtube.com/tyleroakley eh bee family : www.youtube.com/ehbees jouelzy : www.youtube.com/jouelzy suli breaks : www.youtube.com/sulibreazy submitted 7 hours ago , what do you guys think , how long will it take google to disable the comment section ? 
   my nazi friend thanks for proving my point . 
   it 's not protection of '' a people '' you 're propagating - it 's protection of your idea of blut and boden . 
  yes , yes it is . 
  i have to call it what it is . 
  plenty of people before and after hitler used the `` same rhetoric as nazis '' , in the sense that you put your people first . 
  i have no idea why germans think this should be something frowned upon , i guess the guilt culture is strong . 
  not a worse human , but treating your people as a first priority should n't be a foreign concept . 
  that should be one of the basic ideas behind a nation state . 
  * it looks after you first , and only you * . 
  what core nazi policies ??? 
  you seriously think the protection of your people was some crazy idea that existed in the world only between 1933 and 1945 ? 
  were bismarck , napoleon , churchill or pretty much every significant military figure before the 19th-early 20th century a nazi ? 
  and they are doing pretty good for themselves . 
  also most of the immigrants are from japan and china , not the depths of africa and the middle east . 
  what he said is indeed a change , as me getting cancer is a change too . 
  your only answer to his concerns were `` fuck off nazi '' . 
  that 's not how you convince people about your cause would n't you agree . 
  what he said is certainly not baseless . 
  and putting your people ahead of others is not a thought that was born in the adlerhorst . 
  at one point you have to distinguish thing and not brand everything and everyone just a nazi . 
  you called it blut and boden that 's why i put it between '' '' marks . 
  i see the rest of the message did n't go through because it 's easier to call me a nazi too than answer questions . 
   automation will eventually automation will replace every job since the 80s . 
  even my grandfathers were told how they will live in a socialists paradise where workers will barely have to work cuz ' machines . 
   merkel have taken strong anti immigrant stances you kinda have to do something when even your party wants to replace you . 
  thinking that protecting your people equals to nazism . 
  stereotypical . 
  branding everyone with a `` blut und boden '' mentality a nazi . 
  make sure to call the korans , japanese and plenty plenty of other nations `` nazis '' because they want protect their kin . 
  did n't you know that being sceptical of the recent migrant crisis is just one tiny step from gassing everyone without blue or green eyes ? 
  how bigoted of you . 
  imagine the time it took to find 2 women and a boy for a picture . 
  respect to the photographer . 
   the last time somebody had the spine to push through with jewish discrimination , we ended up with the holocaust . 
  yes , not allowing to cuts bit off your kids dick is a one-way street to gas chambers . 
  such legislation would be branded anti-semitic ( not saying it is . ), 
  and would surely not pass . 
  probably wo n't happen . 
  that does n't mean any rights were taken away from them . 
   2016 51 %  2017 45 % hm , why ? 
  yes , i agree on that . 
   hungary , at least once a year , 13 % 500.000 tourists went to croatia for holiday last year alone . 
  i think a similar amount went to italy + greece + spain . 
  and these are just the summer vacations . 
  plenty of people go to austria , switzerland ( not sure if it 's counted as an eu country . 
  ) , poland etc in the winter to sky during the holidays . 
  i assume some people go to other countries like france/germany/uk for holidays too , paris , london , disneyland etc. 
  and then i have just covered the holidays , not visiting relatives , seasonal jobs in the west etc etc. 
  i do n't know how credible this source is to be honest , but still should n't just be downvoted . 
   treating them like pariahs . 
  reminding them they are different everyday .
