  the only one i know of is micraes wars against the ottomans , which he ultimately lost but got a good peace treaty , while being our allies . 
   let 's remember how mathias corvin betrayed his fellow christian ally vlad tepes who was fighting the ottoman empire and imprisoned him . 
  vlad came to corvinus because wallachians deserted to his muslim brother radu , should n't have impaled everyone . 
   bad luck for hungary that they were occupied later . 
  hungary was n't occupied because of that , the only reason you know about vlad was because of his needless cruelty , not as a military leader . 
  vlad led one successful small campaign and a night raid against the ottomans , that was it . 
  at the austrian part we did our own thing , formally it was a separate territory and it was treated as such . 
  forts were maintained and small fights/raids were constant . 
  we shared kings with the habsburgs , i give you that . 
  `` v\u00e9gv\u00e1ri csat\u00e1k '' also erd\u00e9ly was n't consumed by the turks either , which was rules by hungarians too , effectively we had 2 hungarys , not 0 . 
   the wallachians fought a lot of wars against the ottomans and helped other christian countries while hungary ... 
  the wallachians accepted the ottoman rule without fight , hence why they accepted suzerainty . 
   while hungary ... 
  the [ 14th and 15th history of hungary ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman\u2013hungarian_wars ) is just a long struggle against the ottomans that we have ultimately lost . 
  keep downvoting me though , but this is the uncomfortable truth . 
  hungary was occupied , not all of it , but a significant part of it . 
  we lost the war , we got occupied . 
  wallachia just accepted the suzerainty of the turks , no idea how that qualifies you as a `` kebab remover '' . 
  romania was a turkish vassal , are you aware of that right ? 
  ask sagerusta , not me . 
  i just corrected you fam, 
  the article is about religions , you brought up gypos and homosexuals first , not me . 
  by the way the article is right , christians in the mena region are certainly more prosecuted than muslims here in the west . 
  `` would you like your poison shaked or stirred , sir ? '', 
  ah yes , i have forgotten about the `` gay '' and `` gypsy '' religions . 
  anyways , anything that is not pro-atheism will get down voted here , so do n't spare me either lads . 
   so it 's okay if people are arrested based on their ethnicity as long as you 're not . 
  so it 's okay that refugees are dying at rate which is a hundred fold that of europeans because of this crisis as long as their not nearby ? 
  no , but we are not obligated to help and should n't if it damages our countries . 
   if you banned muslims even assuming that that would instantly put a stop to terrorism in europe ( it would n't ) most of the terrorists attacks are committed by muslims , even tho they are not the majority , just 5-6 % of the european population . 
  when your boat is sinking you patch the hole first . 
   if you banned cars that could be one hundred times that i did n't advocate for banning knifes either , people will find things to hurt other people with so it 's a non argument . 
   are you serious with this ? 
  they do have a gun at their heads , often literally . 
  do you really think they 'd roll the dice with their lives in that way if the alternative was n't worse ? 
  yes , because they come for welfare . 
  do n't be delusional about it . 
  they take the risks , so bet it . 
   they do have a gun at their heads they pay for the smugglers , do n't kid yourself . 
   that 's because you proposed a terrible solution . 
  this is an extremely complex problem that will have a complex solution . 
  too complicated for me to come up with on a sunday afternoon and explain on reddit . 
  just because you ca n't think of any other solutions does n't mean you should choose one that makes everything worse . 
  i agree with you that this is fucked up and scary but the real damage from terrorists happens as a reaction to it when we let go of our standards and beliefs and turn against each other . 
  why do you think their doing this in the first place ? 
  they 're not trying to kill us off one by one , they 're monsters but they 're not idiots . 
  they 're using fear as a weapon to make us do extreme things to our own detriment . 
  bla-bla-bla , `` i do n't have a solution and wo n't either , but yours is bad and feel bad . '' . 
   i think that basically sums up your viewpoint so i 'm not going to waste my time arguing with you any more . 
  this crisis will not be solved through liberal and humanist means , people do n't want schutzstaffels on the streets , neither do i , but when nobody else is willing to do the job , people will vote in fascists , sadly . 
  but you can only blame people like yourself . 
  next time we will be the turncoats . 
   what are you suggesting as an alternative ? 
  to make it illegal to be from africa or the middle east in europe ? 
  ca n't you see that no matter how horrific the alternative that that 's worse ? 
  i do n't give a tiniest fucks about morals and ideals when they hurt our society , so yes . 
  that would probably a better first step then taking them in . 
   western europe directly effects a tiny proportion of the population and islamic terrorism in europe the way we see it today has n't been around for much longer than 15 years . 
  so it 's okay that your neighbours get beheaded if you do n't ? 
  also islamic terrorism is just the iceberg of the problems those people cause . 
   completely overhaul the morals that western culture is founded upon and reverse the clock on tolerance and equality ? 
  inside the eu ? 
  but a peaceful society will perish when confronted with an aggressive one . 
  you either accept it or you do n't , up to you . 
   condemn countless refugees to death nobody is forcing them to cross the sea , they are the master of their own fate , if they chose to take the risk , do n't be surprised when they drown . 
  nobody pointed a gun at their head . 
   better than the backwards beliefs held by the extremists and the backwards laws enforced by many of the middle eastern countries . 
  europe would be liberal without those invaders too , that would n't change a lot . 
  also i proposed a solution , your only argument is `` muh morals '' . 
  we have been trying to do that for a few decades now and the more mena and african people arrived , the worse it got . 
  ** you want to start a flame war ? 
  because this is how you start a flame war . 
  http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/crime/total-crimes-per-1000 you are right , this one is better . 
  [ i looked at this ] ( http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/crime/crime-levels ) not sure how credible it is , this is what google showed me . 
  hungary was surprisingly high for me , but i guess eastern hungary is a different place . 
   rove them wrong by letting in innocent refugees in who will die in the tens of thousands without us turkey is safe , also kinda hard to prove them wrong when your throat is getting slit . 
   their ideology is going to die out one day and ours is going to live on . 
  does n't seem so . 
   the day they win is the day they shape our ideology into something as ugly as theirs so just let ourselves get blown up , is that your alternative ? 
  america worked when a bunch of different europeans moved into it , first mainly from the west , then from the east . 
  similar cultures , faith , ethic etc. 
  blacks live nowadays still very much segregated , are overrepresented in crime and live in ghettos . 
  i 'm pretty sure the word `` white flight '' originates from there too . 
   scatter the immigrants around . 
  use tried that too , did nothing but drive down property prices and cause white flight . 
   you ca n't tell people where to live based on ethnicity/religion/etc , and they want to live segregated too , they chose to be segregated in the first place . 
  this crisis will not be solved through liberal means , i 'm sure of that . 
  we will see either us replaced , slowly watching our societies spiralling into chaos or see another schutzstaffel marching through the streets . 
  i hope neither of those happen , but i do n't really see a third option . 
  thinking that integration will work is a childish and optimistic idea , there is not a single place where it worked . 
  the third terror attack in 2 months in the uk only disagrees . 
  no terror attack at the easties , even tho we are the poor and miserable ones . 
  we have plenty of `` poor '' people in hungary yet crime is terribly low . 
   \u00d6kot\u00e1rs a greenpeace lite with a lot of connection to lmp , anyways they only did an investigation , get over yourself . 
   blocking mszp 's sunday shopping ban was the sunday shopping ban removed ? 
  yes . 
   denying migrants various freedom rights as set forth in the geneva convention lol . 
   arbitrarily deciding the list of approved churches not true , many used fake churches to avoid taxes , you do n't have `` approved '' churches , just churches that get a tax break . 
  you can maintain your weed-smoking-church , just do n't get to avoid taxes with it . 
   life without parole other terrible states have them too , such as the uk .
