  your ignorance is showing . 
  not cold enough . 
  nice and cold , no snow though :(, 
  it was a joke , should have put a / s here , sorry . 
  they should lock the trucks . 
  just in case . 
  the european immigration policy is complete shit and he knows it . 
  and it somehow shows that because of this action and this action alone , that france is the most technolgically backward country and the eu and that it 's population is un-educated ? 
  i was not bashing the guy because he criticized the iniative , but because of his ridiculous . 
  otherwise i agree with you both : this project is inefficient , extremely expensive and a waste of time and effort . 
  unfortunately . 
  yes this project using backward technologies ( solar panels how backward ) proposed by a stupid politician and heavily criticized by the french population somehow demonstrates that the entire population of france is stupid . 
  you are the laughing stock mate . 
  a pompous laughing stock . 
  wich one do you prefer ? 
  please tell me you 're joking . 
  i am using a 17th century expression in a sarcastic way , it 's not like i said that we need to kill english people . 
  just chill out , man . 
  it was just a joke mate . 
  chill . 
   perfidious albion accurate, 
  you okay there buddy ? 
  talking about the eu in a sub named europe . 
  weird right ? 
  yep second turn will probably be fillon vs le pen . 
  whoever wins we 'll get a russophile as president . 
  you guys must be happy, 
  france needs more bread . 
  that xould work but cookies would be outlawed . 
  as long you do n't bring in the australian wildlife i 'm okay with that actually . 
   still looks a bit wierd , throw in ~ ~ elsa\u00df-lothringen ~ ~ alsace-lorraine too . 
  ftfy, 
  pretty sure if germany took back alsace-lorraine , you guys would end up with a bunch of hardcore independantists . 
  that 's not how you write saint-martin, 
  nope . 
  we 'll take back our 96th d\u00e9partement thank you very much . 
  france : * i 'm nuclear , i 'm wild ... *, 
  once belgium breaks appart , you take flanders we take wallonia . 
  deal ? 
  agreed , the guillotine is getting rusty , we need to use it more ... 
  my contry being optimistic as usual ... 
  you 're german , you ca n't make jokes . 
  france : `` land of the free '' , the usa calls itself `` land of the free '' ... 
  the usa is france !, 
  we 'll just tell them to fuck more . 
  `` the france . '', 
  look at all these moldovas . 
  well it 's between the right and the far-right to be precise . 
  kill her ? 
  til hitler was a woman . 
  it was n't just the eiffel tower mate , there was also the pyramid of the louvre and the arc de triomphe . 
  and at least we were shown , ca n't say the same about poland . 
  what the fuck do you have against france mate ? 
  we 're relatively untouched by the furry menace ... germany can yiff in hell tho . 
  saying france is the animu kingdom is rewriting history ? 
  and why are you bringing charlemagne into this ? 
  is he your waifu ? 
  the chickens are shills !, 
  needs more blue . 
  why are we weebs ? 
  wich side is europe ? 
  russia is n't missing mate . 
  the spd is n't in a coalition with merkel . 
  merkel has been chancellor for quite some time and so appears as the most competent for the job and the second other conservative party is pretty far right . 
  and we all know the far-right is n't very much like in germany nowadays . 
  and the germans probably jdge her on other things than immigration . 
  just to be clear , i do n't like merkel i was justntrying togive an explanation . 
  i 'll give you a trump plushie , it 'll absorb the sadness . 
  that 's why i was saying that the daily stormer is for the more hardcore people . 
  you go from anti-israel to anti-jew in general . 
   not in an emergency ( despite frances ' state of emergency ) . 
  you should stop contradicting yourself . 
  that 's a zombie horde . 
  and the daily stormer for the hardcore ones . 
  til . 
  add roosevelt and we have a remake of the three stooges . 
  no , very few people knew about the deathcamps at the start of the war . 
  i forgot the question mark . 
  you guys doo n't see yourself in northern europe . 
  none of your neighbors can resist that sweet sweet money . 
  well it kinda happened de gaulle was in london for the majority of the war and they could n't stand eachother . 
  also due to the popularity of the left before the war . 
  he wanted to `` punish '' the french leftists . 
  you 're right , but more immigration from those types of countries does n't help . 
  i understood that reference . 
  no i meant being emblematic . 
  one guillotine execution . 
  and you kill the rest in the most effective way . 
  doing what the guillotine does best . 
  read my comment again mate . 
  you misunderstood it . 
  of course it 's normal that french media is reporting it . 
  yeah , i did n't know islamic terrorism was a thing before that article mate . 
  of course they 're a plague everyone knows that . 
   the point is that aggression towards police and strangers is much rarer in france than in the us not that much anymore . 
  they reported on it , because the guy had islamic motives , but he was incompetent and quickly controlled . 
  hence why i 'm asking a foreign news outlet is reporting on the story . 
  they should report the return of the guillotine . 
  thanks . 
  didnd ' t know that america was n't in the european union .
