  you can blame everything on it !, 
  id say the uk is a very good challenger ... 
  britain : least arrogant and most compassionate . 
  ** `` least arrogant '' **, 
  thanks !, 
  we also know that it 's a house, 
  nah , blaming russia is more specific , it 's when elections are happening . 
  what ?!, 
  traitor !, 
  yes spaniards have a problem with english but pretty much any romance language speaking nation has a problem with english . 
  what 's the song ? 
  did you ... did you just use `` sad ! '', 
  unironically ? 
  oh god ... 
  compared to hollande he is bilingual . 
  it already has an inch . 
  a financial scandal , his wife was doing a fake job , she was payed 900 000 euros , it was state money . 
  `` we learn how to riot in highschool or college . '', 
  the fuck you talking about , mate ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  the vast majority of terrorist attacks are done by islamists . 
  fillon has been heavily damaged , i do n't think he can make it to the secound round . 
  yeah , he even said the u.s wil be at war in the south china sea within the next three years . 
  the media is lying !, 
  this is not hitler lookalike !, 
  this is zombie hitler !, 
  and he will create a 4th undead reich !, 
  naziiii zombieeees !, 
  public education . 
  it was forbidden for alsacian kids to speak german in school . 
  it was made during the revolution , it 's a product of its time . 
  we wo n't change it . 
  it 's a conspiracyyyy !!!, 
  looks like / pol / brigaded the comment section . 
  the dude is ripped . 
  yeah i know that , but english is n't directly copied from french , there 's stil 20 % of latin and 50 % of old german . 
  you 're jealous of our radioactive paradise ? 
  would also work if you said `` are you french ? '', 
  to a crorsican . 
  they have a gastronomy ? 
  you can but you 'll get murdered . 
  no english is copied from french . 
  they would explode . 
  oh , my bad . 
  hey we got lousiana !, 
  i 'm going to live in the bayou now . 
  california 's rich as fuck . 
  it has bigger gdp than france . 
  are n't all of the southern states pretty much bilngual in english and spanish ? 
  not at all if you want to see a real french no-go-zone then go to seine-saint-denis . 
  it 's full of poor people and immigrants . 
  the funny thing is the departement right next to it , the hauts-de-seine , is one of the richest departements . 
  something true came out of the mouth of alex jones !? 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  `` they 're turning the frogs gay ! '', 
  weather ? 
  how ? 
  i tell you the eu is horrible . 
  it 's true !, 
  the eu sucks bigly !, 
  i think baloons with schulz 's face on them would be even better . 
  but breitbart told me swedistan was an islamic calphate , overrun by rapefugees !, 
  that will boost her even more . 
  each time france learns about a terrorist attack or a failed one . 
  le pen gains voters . 
  i wonder has the cheeto emperor twitted about the louvre attack ? 
  you do n't understand that 's fantastic news !, 
  more cheese for us !, 
  the only time when a swiss can not stay neutral . 
  i can almost hear it say : `` kill meee ... '', 
  people do n't like it because it has been overused . 
  so you were just making a bad joke then ? 
   did you assmed its gender ? 
  yeah i was talking about / r/europe . 
  i mentioned the donald because i thought you were a trolling trumpeteer . 
  a random french guy on the internet = the french government . 
  wait what sub are you talking about ? 
  i fear like there 's a misunderstanding . 
  h\u00e9 , t ` as raison . 
  kay i 'll rephrase my sentence : i think the us as untrustworthy because they 're led by an impulsive man , with no political experience and a very blurred vision of geopolitics . 
   besides , anyone with hollande as their leader really has no room to talk . 
  whataboutism at it 's best . 
  4 comments = plugging for you ? 
  i comment in this sub i 'm european and because i 'm concerned about the things discussed in / r/europe ? 
  you know , simple stuff ... 
  but i have a better question : why are you trolling that sub ? 
  no because you 're led by an orange toddler . 
  go back to / r/the _ donald troll . 
  doesnt stop france from being the most visited country in the world . 
  oh really ? 
  yet you view the possible return of the weak german military as a threat . 
  schr\u00f6dinger 's german military : weak pansies and bloodthirsty monsters . 
  like the british one ? 
  we can not rely on the usa anymore, 
  at least we have nukes , so if you guys go crazy again everyone dies . 
  so no big deal . 
  did you get offended little / pol/tard ? 
  yes i know that . 
  but i ask you why should i vote for a russian whore ? 
  well if you 're french you are european it 's not even a question .
