  wow mate !, 
  such originality !, 
  hey now calm down ... oh look !, 
  commies !, 
  behind you !, 
  that 's actually false . 
  jesus will decide , he is the new polish king after all . 
  it 's dead now . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  nope . 
  i was pointing out your hypocrisy , you could browse stromfront or / pol / i would n't give a single fuck . 
   enjoy your bubble says the_donald poster . 
  well you do n't have any excuse then . 
  look at those democratic tits !, 
  look at them !, 
  edit : [ thanks for the gold !, 
  why are you trying to shoehorn politics in this post , it 's just a picture of the eiffel tower . 
  and why would it disappear ? 
  usa numbah one !, 
  theresa may 's wet dream . 
  i bet you wanted m\u00e9lenchon . 
  the important thing is tha no one says soccer . 
  well sure , but already speaking the language of the country you want to immigrate to makes immigration to said country far more attractive . 
   why are there so many black people in france ? 
  the consequences of colonizing most of africa . 
  yes farage is a living , walking , sentient cunt not a person . 
  there will be so many fancy hats . 
  well i do n't want to say the typical `` eu = 4th reich '' bullshit but there is some truth to it germany has most powerful economy of the union and merkel is probably the most experienced european politician as well as being a europhile , also they probably use merkel in these cartoons because it 's very shocking to see merkel wanting to cut ties with the us , even though she has been very atlantist like her country . 
  i 'll bring the guillotine . 
  hips be upon her !, 
  if it was not for those meddling anglo-saxons we would have gotten away with this !, 
  the k\u00e9pi is the real deal . 
  obama was pretty damn rational . 
  xi is indeed one of the smartest leaders china since for a while ... 
  yep , at least he respects his ( shitty ) promises . 
  why would climate change stop them from getting drunk ? 
  yeah . 
  professional turncoat, 
  oh yes how could the uk 5th ( or 6th i do n't know ) economic power of the world could influence the fate of the eu ( do n't forget that it 's right next to the eu and still in it ) ? 
  uk iz not democracy because has queen !, 
  that 's just the basics to become the german chancellor , she 's not been reelected three times for nothing !, 
  and here 's our first disagreement : i do n't think france getting out of the eu is a good thing . 
   the protests [ ... ] would have sorted the rest out . 
  in what way would the protest have helped her ? 
  but you 're right if she did get elected there would have been tons of protest afainst her . 
  people making bad decisions , socialist and left parties abandonning the working class , the refugee crisis , people losing trust in the eu , 10.5 unemployment , rise 9f islmamic terrorism , people losing trust in the media and the elites ... those are all the causes of the rise of the far right in france , but i 'm very doubtful about marine le pen being as much of a `` savior '' as you imply . 
  i personally think she would hve made things worse . 
  no they 're gon na wait another five years and vote for whoever they 'll wan na vote for , and immigrants ca n't vote anyway . 
  you know she never said that right ? 
  and let them enjoy the price to pay for having the chance to live in a democratic republic . 
  that 's what a democratic election is , the majority wins , those 11 million people were not numerous enough . 
  nobody knows . 
  you rooted for le pen ? 
  it 's the western equivalent of the ying and yang . 
  france . 
  your wish has been granted . 
  well macron will nuke moscow then . 
  tbh , i do n't know if putin gives a shit , does n't seem like the thin skin type ... 
  she 's not gone she 's gon na come back in 2022 , stronger or weaker depending on how well macron will do . 
  i know , i just made a joke on the fact that the guy is turkish so there is a strong chance that the guy is muslim . 
  yes one has weird obsessions with sheeps . 
  but it 's just so pimp !, 
  pff breibart is bad quality , the daily stormer is way better . 
  wales and nz needs to , have sheep plushies . 
  souds like a word cthlhu would say . 
  or a welsh . 
  i even saw antifa posters ( about the berkeley protests ) telling antifas to throw their own shit at right-wing protesters , they 're litterally shit-flinging monkeys . 
  there has been violent antifa riots the first may 2017 in france , they burned a policeman alive . 
  if mlk junior is watching us i 'm pretty sure he already gouged his eyes out . 
  so that means that back when obama was in power he was oppressed by white people even though he was the most powerful man on earth ? 
  basically a black supremacist expression . 
   even if we get another good president after trump , we 'll have another trump after that one . 
  i do n't know i hope trump 's sheer incompetence turns people from voting unexperienced reality tv stars into the white house . 
  the proper way of executing someone . 
  spooky paris . 
  we gave them ~ ~ forced down their throats ~ ~ the language of love and they ca n't even express it :(, 
  hilarious and original joke right there . 
  checking your post history there is no way you are n't a troll and if you are n't one i 'm sorry for you . 
   where is the crescent star and moon ? 
  terrific humor mate . 
  that 's the weirdest comeback i 've ever seen ... 
  like most people on this planet . 
  bad idea . 
  both the uk and france can flood the tunnel at any time they want . 
  a conventional war between the uk and france would be a stalemate and a nuclsar war would result in two giant craters . 
  sure mate sure . 
  holy shit you really believe the uk can take calais ? 
  that 's not for you to choose . 
  but anyway i hope for ` you that you 're not serious because you 're going to be disappointed , calais is french and it will stay french . 
  sure mate , do n't forget to take the thousands of refugees with you . 
  but is fairy tale barcelona ? 
  is it the fault of paris or peopls thinking a city with millions of people is a fairy tale ? 
  i think its a bit of both . 
  * shivers *, 
  honeslty if a head of state killed your queen you should probably end diplomatic relations with said country . 
  not really republicans can go from right to far right or libertarian right and democrats go from right to center-right and libertarian right . 
  ( bernie is an exception seeing he 's the only us candidate that can be called leftist since a long time ) . 
  and they 'd be right . 
  i feel like i am going to live the rest of my life in a perpetual emergency state ... and i 'm only 17 years old . 
  that thread is pure cancer .
