  kay then . 
  let 's report on every imcompetent retard threatening people woth knives . 
  we 're going to need a lot of paper . 
  to a point where foreign news outlets are reporting the story ? 
  french media is n't reporting stories everytime there 's an american dumbass threatening people with guns . 
  so should we alarm ourselves everytime a dumbfuck tries to threaten people with a knife ? 
  is that really news worthy ? 
  nobody was hurt , guy was arrested almost immidiately . 
  where 's / u/executivemonkey ? 
  great opportunity for a joke there . 
  la grande odalisque would have been better . 
  i guess the swedes are the elves : they 're tall , there 's lots of vegans , there 's a fuckton of blondes and they 're eco-friendly . 
  you 're seriously comparing soviet satelite states to french polynesia ? 
  the polynesians do n't live in an authoritarian regime . 
  i agree with you but napoleon is waaay too controversial to win the contest . 
  le grand charles . 
  except french polynesians are french citizens . 
  they have the same rights as the french citizens in metropolitan france . 
  and they can demand their independence if they want to . 
  fuck off with your modern colonialism bullshit . 
  good replacement for algeria . 
  germany is by far the best country in the regards of handling its history in a mature way . 
  the fuch you talking about mate ? 
  it 's not next year it 's in 2019 i believe . 
  do all of the voters that want to see the uk suffer also browse / r/unitedkingdom ? 
  i bet t the youtube comments are complete shit . 
  curious about the french incident . 
  you can use your flag, 
  count the swastikas children . 
  yeah , the best supporters of the euro 2016 were the irish ones . 
  i 'm not shaming you nobody is shaming you and nobody is censoring you . 
  you 're just playing the victim card . 
  if you 're that triggered by a little jab i do n't think you 're fit for public discourse . 
  calm down before your forehead veins explode . 
  you 're not alone . 
  i think he was hinting at the infrastructure and the economy but i could be wrong . 
  some supporters were a bit overzealous but yes no attacks to be seen . 
  then you misunderstood my comment . 
  my comment about the love of the brits for delusional things was a sarcastic joke . 
  so wise soothsayer , what is the solution for the eu then ? 
  in order to leave something you have to join in the first place . 
  also i did n't know you were a soothsayer . 
   that 's why they opted out in the first place . 
  quite the contrary . 
  if anything that proves me right . 
  and if you happen to be a brit you 're leaving proof of the delusions of the british people , the ones that voted leave anyway . 
  the brits a practical people ? 
  you sure i 'm the uncultured one here ? 
  the brits should have loved it then , considering their love for delusional things . 
  oh yes because thinking brexit is a good thing for britain is n't delusional . 
  the brexit relied on feelings rather than facts . 
  they promised dreams and delusions of grandeur to the british people and the o'ly thing they got is useless and politicians and a politically didvided population . 
   woolgathering i 'm not welsh . 
  you never thought that maybe you are the delusional element in a rational group ? 
  a tablo\u00efd having a clickbait lying title . 
  how unusual . 
  clinton would n't have been a good start . 
  you guys were already fucked when bernie lost . 
  yeah that 's good . 
  a united europe under french domination . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ against ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ it . 
  that 's what polish wikipedia gave me . 
  well yeah , he inflicted a pretty humiliating defeat to france and `` stole '' alasace-lorraine . 
  as well as weakening france in general . 
   marie curie they 're coming for you . 
  we could put marie curie on the euro notes but do n't forget the sk\u0142odowoska or poles are n't going to be happy . 
   napol\u00e9on and bismarck i do n't know man , spaniards hate napol\u00e9on ( and he is a pretty controversial figure in all of europe ) and bismarck is n't well liked this side of the rhine . 
  va chopper le typhus . 
  and somehow there 's enough dumbfucks to upvote this . 
  you can have it on the weekends . 
  nice snowy hill you got there groenland . 
  what ? 
  yeah sorry i do n't remenber it well . 
  i think they did n't want to go all the way and stop just before our flag . 
  but a bunch of americans ( and others ) thought it would be funny . 
  it 's tablo\u00efd day today ? 
  countering shitty biased tablo\u00efds with more shitty biased tablo\u00efds . 
  genius . 
  i thought san pellegrino was just carbonated water . 
  with planes and kebabs ? 
  sweet sweet irony . 
  it 's a tiny country in the pyrenees . 
  a weapon to surpass metal gear . 
  what about the polish king ? 
  what does jesus think about this ? 
  it endures this kind of shit since 1911 . 
  so you should trust it . 
  it 's not the `` biased media influence '' that made me think of trump supporters this way it 's trump supporters themselves . 
  sure some in / r/the _ donald criticized trump after the syria bombings , but they quickly got shut down . 
  you can not criticize trump in t_d , and the support people have here for the eu is nothing compared to the fanatism that goes on in t_d . 
  here there is actual discussion . 
  they say they 're libertarians but they do n't even realize they 're authoritarians . 
  as long as their guns are untouched they 'll let trump do anything . 
  trump supporters do n't have an ideology except bowing to trump and praising his every move . 
  trump is an authoritarian so that means they 're authoritarians . 
  they will love and accept anything if trump says its good . 
  no i was talking about the fact that most trump supporters like autoritharianism . 
  no but you are a trump supporter . 
  should have figured with your username ... 
  i do n't think facts are asking for your opinion .
