  this is sad . 
  dysneyland is n't french culture it is n't even culture mate . 
  it 's a fucking amusement park . 
  wait you 're serious ? 
  i hope you 're sarcastic ... 
  lol . 
  i spoke in retard , as to parody your retarted statement that merkel is somehow a dictator . 
  your brain ca n't handle it ? 
  we could make a book out of this !, 
  * from untermensch to ubermensch . 
  go back drinking cider and eating cr\u00eapes . 
  losing my religion ... 
  alt-right buzzwords : * rothschild . 
  check . 
  check . 
  * open borders . 
  check . 
  * muh political corectness !, 
  ( but luckily nobody will ever call you a bigot or racist . ), 
  check . 
  * relying on emotions and lying about them . 
  ( i am already sorry for the french people . ), 
  check . 
  are we gon na do this everytime an old scottish guy says he 'd like scotland to be independent ? 
  everyone blames everyone !, 
  except scotland . 
   european women . 
  not necessarily french . 
  some are , some are n't . 
  and why ? 
  i was n't saying that the modern breton flag was good or bad , just stating a fact , and creating good / flags etc. . . , does n't excuse the garbage ideology that is fascism . 
  the majority of the people on this sub . 
  you 're telling me that a holocaust denier is a raging antisemite and not an innocent man searching for truth ? 
  shocking . 
  he 's still alive . 
  they have little yellow stars on them , to indicate the quality of the product . 
  by whom ? 
  yeah , even the guy who designed the modern breton flag was a fascist . 
  gas . 
  you 're telling me that this guy knows how the economy works ?!, 
  how horrifying !, 
  and he 's a married to an old woman !, 
  he clearly is n't apt to the french presidency !, 
  at least satan is red . 
   i wanted to ask why should ** europeans ** show a level of respect , higher than the norm , for britain . 
  also this spanish journalist is wrong , the uk fought against germany because it was a rival not to save , europe , in ww2 they had interests as well their own defense against nazi germany . 
  brexit is n't the first time perfidious albion backstabbed europe , and it certainly wo n't be the last time . 
  also i wo n't respect a country more than another simply because we fought some wars in the past . 
  nations do n't think , nations do n't respect , nations do n't have emotions . 
  they act for what 's best for them . 
  wise decision . 
   the uk  superior pick one . 
  you can have them if you want . 
   it also created the united states , the undisputed best country , hahahahaha , you americans always know how to make me laugh . 
  my comment was misleading . 
  i wanted to ask why should europeans show a level of respect , higher than the norm , for britain . 
  but you do n't know how to brush your teeth . 
  i can do immature clich\u00e9s too !, 
  that 's ignoring that fillon has seen his popularity sink , and that 3/4 of french people want him to step out of the race . 
  stop the self-french-bashing we already have brits and americans for that . 
  ( outside of reddit at least , most people here seems to be surprisingly francophile , compared to the rest of the internet . ), 
  hahahaha , more like make france russia 's bitch . 
  inb4 italians , screaming : nizza !, 
  and why should i show to brits , any particular level of respect ? 
  thanks !, 
  first i 'm not your brother . 
  and second i 've already told you i 'd fight to defend europe if maniacs advocating for war in europe , were a threat . 
  third : who is this `` enemy '' you speak about ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  honestly i was also tempted to put marina la puta . 
  why the fuck do you want war in europe . 
  you 're belgian . 
  your country is between france and germany , you would be completely fucked if there was any kind of war between those two . 
  and i will still advocate for peace , even if it means bashing the heads of invididuals like you into the ground . 
  ah yes , people wanting peace in europe , after centuries of bloody wars . 
  such stupid people / s, 
  ah yes , the fronte naci\u00f3nal , led by marina la pena . 
  at least you already have us and the poles fighting over poor curie . 
  the help from her french husband ( pierre curie ) was capital . 
  and if it was not for france , she would n't have had the required education , the money and the material for her researches . 
  the discovery of radioactivity can be counted as a franco-polish one . 
  but ignoring france completely is ridiculous . 
  her ethnicity has also almost nothing to do with her discoveries . 
  france : * photography . 
  * the velocipede . 
  ( improvements on the bycicle , pedels + rotary cranks ) * the car . 
  * the braille code . 
  louis braille . 
  * the first calculating machine . 
  * the first micro-computer . 
  * cinematography . 
  the lumi\u00e8res brothers . 
  * ( franco-polish ) radioactivity theory . 
  curie couple . 
  * the souple umbrella . 
  * the champagne . 
  don perignon . 
  * the smart card . 
  * the tin can . 
  phillipe de girard .
