  brexit is n't an invention , we do n't even the full consequences of it . 
  and brexit being a good thing is highly debatable . 
  also puting brexit in the same breath as the telephone or the steam engine is ridiculous . 
  big loser , i tell you folks , he failed bigly . 
  trust me . 
  they failed bigly . 
   europe to want to be a sovereign nation that 's what we want to do mate . 
  also nice grammar . 
  de gaulle was intelligent . 
  how could we translate anschluss in irish ? 
  good strategy . 
  progress is whining about inoffensive words like mankind and gentleman ? 
  you call this progress ? 
  i hope you 're sarcastic . 
  i think the only legit indpendence movement in france , and the only one who actually holds some power is the flc ( front de lib\u00e9ration corse = corsican liberation front ) . 
  as well as every other latin-american country . 
  oh god please no . 
  what does g\u00f6tterfunken means ? 
  it can be fixed with lots of efforts from menber states . 
  and 3 of the biggest economies in the world are still in there . 
  i repeat my question : why do you think the eu is a failure ? 
  no shit sherlock . 
  and why do you think it 's a failure ? 
  why does france , a european country , not belong in the ** european ** union ? 
  marine le pen means frexit , it wo n't destabilise the eu , it will destroy it . 
  are you a eu citizen or not ? 
  and if you are not a eu citizen . 
  why do you want the eu to be disbanded ? 
  since you 're probably not french , why do you care about marine le pen anyway ? 
  hollande can be called by many names , but fascist is n't one . 
  by the way only fillon is fucked ( and rightfully so ) and your precious little marine wo n't drop out . 
  i assume someone will translate it , if i have time friday , i 'll translate a resume of the part of his program dedicated to the eu . 
  speaking of macron he finally has his program ready . 
  it is correct . 
  like your opinion mattered about this ... 
  that 's one thing french shares with norwegian and swedish . 
  i was thinking of that as well . 
  o rly ? 
  yeah ask them if they want to be considered italian ... without being bombed . 
  are we gojng to have these every day ? 
  no need for it , unless a scandal happens . 
  a very ineffective republic . 
  too bad you 'll never have it . 
  yes an antiwar president who wants to augment the us 's military budget . 
  makes a lot of sense . 
  hips be upon her !, 
  that 's a lot of muhameds right there . 
  and he 's finally blonde !, 
  like he always wanted . 
  but you do know that france was a republic before and after the vichy regime , yes ? 
  assuming america is still here . 
  i heard they also drank water !, 
  because there was no nazis between the guillotine and the constitution of france ? 
  salt-right . 
  subtle . 
  carbonis\u00e9 even . 
  kind of the same . 
  no true french patriot would ever see the vichy regime as positive . 
  i view them as traitors . 
  norway and sweden being jdgemental . 
  right he was a millionaire , does n't change the fact that he 's part of the elite . 
  of course just like electing a us billionaire was a backlash against the elite . 
  no not boris , it 's farage !, 
  with everyone talking about grexit , he was interested . 
  why did you say that ? 
  i went there and verified and it 's fucking disggusting . 
  i like that name . 
  a latino satanist speaking japanese . 
  you 're right , but euroskepticism is a very common idea among far-right groups , and generally the european far-right is the part of the european political spectrum , pushing for the death of the eu . 
  hence why euroskepticism is regarded as a far-right position . 
  maybe trump is saying the eu is a wonderful pit overrun by refugees ? 
  i went there , no big thread about it , except 2 or 3 thread with 1-8 comments , some are saying he 's a genius and playing 4d chess , most are confused . 
  try to convince the breton and the corsicans . 
  without being murdered . 
  oh yeah fillon = m\u00e9lenchon , le pen = macron , everyone knows that !, 
  possible things being discussed . 
  i like that , thats new . 
  we 're doing caf\u00e9s of europe . 
  how many dimensions are in this game of chess ? 
  i ca n't , i ca n't , this man is turning me insane . 
  it 's amazing !, 
  glory to the fourth reich !, 
  what is ` this germanized french ? 
  the bigliest mountain . 
  no , because a french citizen is a french citizen , no matter if they 're white , asian , black , arab , latino , etc. . . french blacks and french arabs are n't foreigners in france , they are french . 
  thanks . 
  you do n't need to be of a certain ethnicity to be a french citizen . 
  blacks and arab with french citizenship should n't be considered foreigners . 
  a black or an arab in france should n't be considered `` suspicious '' . 
  and why would they ? 
  i think there 's a xkcd that explains free speech very well . 
  this is heresy !, 
  irish accents for everyone !, 
  nobody 's putting pressure on the police to not control immigrants , the center is not `` far-left '' and you 're way more likely to be interpelled by the police in france if you 're black and arab . 
  you must be kidding me . 
  this ca n't be real , look at his musstache !, 
  oh my god ... 
  i accept the challenge , it will be quick but fun . 
  i propose nigel farage and nicolas sarkozy to activate the buttons so no one of worth will be lost . 
  probably explains the stupidity .
