  look at that beauty . 
  they 'll be forced to open their borders one day , japan has a very low birth rate . 
  we wo n't elect a new parliament in a year or so . 
  it 's going to stay the same for five years . 
  `` here 's how m\u00e9lenchon can still win . '', 
  same here 28 \u00b0 c, 
  it is mitterand . 
  it is better . 
  it 's easier to see the pun and your username is more neutral , so you wo n't be a downvote magnet in this subreddit anymore . 
  france ? 
  we have a problem . 
  god damn t_d brigaded this thread hard . 
  do n't forget the alternative fact that europe is under sharia law !, 
  mate of course nobody is going to debate you they would be wasting their time . 
  you 've spout so much bullshit that your mouth became a dumpster . 
  85 % i think , 80 % is france . 
  `` why are there a lot of white people in europe ? '', 
  `` jeez it 's like these guys were born here since generations or something . '', 
  i feel stupid now . 
  the thing is for me you pronounce eu like `` eeeyou '' not like `` you '' . 
  do as you want . 
  i 'm just warning that you may have a warm welcome here ... 
  but yeah , you 're rightnwe need different opinions than the norm , i 'm just hoping you 're more subtle than your username suggest . 
  also i dont see in what way your username is a pun . 
  it 's the specter that is haunting europe right now . 
  some say it will be worse than the black plague . 
  unfortunately killing is not only a military problem its an ideological one . 
  yes technically , but there 's no one on / r/eu , and the eu is a very important topic about europe , so people discuss a lot about the eu here . 
  it also happens that most people here are europhiles , so except if you want to be showered in downvotes so nobody can see your comment i do n't why you 've chosen this username . 
  honeslty you 'd be better off on / r/europe . 
  or you can change your username to make it more politically neutral so you can discuss in this subreddit without being a downvote magnet . 
  you 're gon na do just fine here ... 
   france should be a country of unicorns . 
  wait what ? 
  i am french ... , french with thin skin and who 've never been on the internet sure , but the only reaction you 'll get from me is a short sigh . 
  french or alsatian . 
  not really , i 've seen it so many times it makes me sad about humor and originality ... 
  the thing is we won it ... so it would be agood thing to remind us of the hundreds years war . 
  i think the corsicans will hate it even more, 
  not really , the white flag joke is beating a dead horse . 
  it would have been unoriginal . 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  leopard 3 it 's supposed to be a franco-german project . 
  juncker is n't saying we ca n't have tanks just that we need to have the same tanks . 
  i think brexit needs to go on . 
  i feel like it could be good for both the uk and the eu . 
  there must be a fuckton of bodyguards . 
  same in french . 
  and you can finally be the 51st state of the usa , the uk choosing and wanting to be the servant of one of its old colonies . 
  sad really . 
  they 're not kebabs they 're couscous . 
  where 's the guillotine when you need it ? 
  hold my gin . 
  ah , ben `` one-man shoah '' garrison . 
  as if there was n't enough terrorism already !, 
  i like that alternative universe . 
  you should talk about that with the mods on / r/europemeta, 
  dae france iz caliphate xd !, 
  what ? 
  brexit ii : election boogaloo, 
  oh yeah you guys have a bourbon , shit we missed some . 
  brb bringing my guillotine . 
  m\u00e9lenchon acted stupidly after the election , insulting people left and right as well as spouting conspiracy nonsense . 
  it 's like someone just put a bunch of words altogether . 
  is this the real life ? 
  you want to get anschlussed ? 
  wot ? 
  15d underwater chess, 
  if he applied that logic he could n't even be in america . 
  nigel farage cares about his country ? 
  yeah sure mate ... 
  like it 's going to matter ... , we just laughed at them during the french presidential election and the germans are going to laugh at them during their election . 
  they 're not dangerous they 're hilarious . 
  [ i 've got something even better ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/federalisation_of_the_european_union#/media/file%3aeu_single_entity.png ), 
  no need to learn dialects . 
  they already know german . 
  this sub was always about politics . 
  being against sharia is hate speech ? 
  i thought it was called `` having a brain '' . 
  i think there 's some form of head covering for orthodox . 
  eh there 's bretons in warsaw . 
  remnants from the great finnish empire . 
  then reality is islamophobic . 
  they 're not worse and not near as bad but they 're still shit . 
  the terrorists ca n't force us to obey sharia law if we 're already under it . 
  # 4d chess, 
  go beat your meat mate , you clearly need to relieve yourself . 
  juncker has shit opinions , but god damn that is some quality troll . 
  no , but you should n't get this riled up over a comment . 
  anti-socialist comment on / r/europe ? 
  bold move cotton , let 's see if it pays off . 
  strong and stable they said . 
   sexy pictures  may pick one . 
  theresa may does n't make any sense : how can the brits make their dicks strong and stable if porn is banned ? 
  france wants braaaaiiinnnnns ... 
  no it 's just a big island . 
  want to talk about english wine ? 
  / r/the _ islam, 
  yeah you really do n't know original humor do n't you ? 
  mate you 'd have sucked kilometers of dick to avoid going at verdun , so do n't talk about bravery .
