  well we 're not in the 19th century anymore . 
   moron because thinking clich\u00e9s are 100 % real is n't moronic . 
  yeah , louis xiv would have been better . 
   napol\u00e9on  monarch pick one . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant here , and you do n't need to reply to morons . 
  i 'm not surprised honestly , the franco-german couple is the drivung force of the eu . 
  love you krauts . 
  same here . 
  ca n't wake up, 
  that 's because they are . 
  a redditor of / r/france does not participate in the m\u00e9lenchon circlejerk !, 
  what will we do !, 
  i agree with you on this one . 
  no thanks . 
  i like my cathedrals beautiful and empty . 
  love you too buddy . 
  this sub is called / r/europe , it is mostly europeans talking about europe , that is to say if one could not speak about a country if he is not from said country , this sub would have no reason to exist , you do n't need `` rights '' , everyone has `` the right '' to speak about the mona lisa if they want to , for example you see many people debating if the mona lisa should be kept in france or not . 
  if you do n't like what i say , feel free to fuck off . 
  i have seen lots of stupid reasons as to why france should give mona lisa back to italy but yours take the cake . 
  mona lisa was also a gift . 
  to italians : you can either move on on or cry . 
  looks like a regular italian to me . 
  marseille fans are the worst . 
  just put them in the middle of the desert . 
  problem solved . 
  there , now everyone 's happy, 
  why should we ? 
  it 's an international passtime , but i must admit your government is excellent at it . 
  that 's very memeist of you . 
  italy . 
  not at all . 
  the basques maybe ? 
  for dumbasses who only see france through hollywood movies yeah . 
  our representation in hollywood movies are always shit . 
  feminine guys wearing striped shirts and berets . 
  speaking english with a horrible accent and shoehorning as much french words as possible . 
  france 's economy was bigger than the uk economy a few years ago . 
  so unless you count japan , germany and france as superpowers . 
  the uk is definetely not one . 
  nostalgic of a thing you nevrr knew ? 
  cut off its hand . 
  it worked for us . 
  our culture . 
  how much we contributed to art , science and philosophy . 
  also , our cuisine . 
  you can listen to them [ here . 
  ] ( https://atlas.limsi.fr/index-en.html ), 
   good cause i 'm not so sure about that . 
  most of them want communism or anarchy . 
  maybe paca otherwise rh\u00f4ne-alpes . 
  i would even say france is the only country to have bread , the others just have a thing they call bread . 
  the nord pas-de-calais ( region ) and the seine-saint-denis ( d\u00e9partement ) . 
  no ijust thought you were rejoicing because the corsicans have an independent parliament . 
  figured that would make sense with you being a catalan nationalist and all that ... 
  why the smiley ? 
  yeah the germans trashed our beaches with ugly blocks of concrete . 
  but they 're trying to compensate by coming in hordes every summer and thus boosting our economy . 
  people have been guillotined for way less than this . 
  what ? 
  what about handball ? 
  we have a good national team . 
  this thread is about the opinon of other countries than your own . 
  i was n't talking about germany . 
  we have a reputation of being good tourists ? 
  i would n't put bismark as seen in a neutral light . 
  nope i did n't pay attention and thought you were speaking about may . 
  may can speak french ? 
  huh til . 
  what is the tragedy of darth plagueis the wise ? 
  cyclists ? 
  auld alliance < 3 !, 
  yep , it smells like piss but at least you can get anywhere in paris thanks to it . 
  nope . 
  our relation with england is pretty good . 
  replace english by latin and i 'm okay with this . 
  too slow m8 . 
  i assume people are more tolerant towards subcultures like the breton or basque ones because they 're `` domestic '' subcultures . 
  neither for me . 
  hoping for eco-cities . 
  it 's legal but i do n't like gambling so i would n't care if it was illegal or not . 
  i try most of the time to think in french . 
  but yes i think acronyms , numbers , names in my language when i think in english . 
  no he forgot franconia . 
  they 're funny but they 're also mostly false . 
  france has plenty of military victories . 
  how do you think we became \u00e0 major european power and one of the biggest european countries ? 
  we could celebrate our victory . 
  ruskofs : russians . 
  polak : polish people . 
  oh sorry i thought you were the dutch guy i responded to . 
  yeah you 're right we just have to wait . 
  you already share a border with us . 
  surrender to the netherlands ? 
  clich\u00e9s are n't reality . 
   kebabs kebabs are n't french street food . 
  wait , he 's estonian ? 
  but he 's not a true slav then !, 
  my life has been a lie . 
  yes , i wonder what the brits think about dordogne . 
  and the spanish have to live under the occupation .
