  at least you 're not a fag . 
  christ man , calm down , who gives a fuck about internet points ? 
  wait you 're saying i 'm a barbarian with a degenrate culture who comes invading a civilized europe ? 
  i thought i was algerian , not danish . 
  at least i 'm not pseudo-swedish . 
  they 're saying it like it 's wrong . 
  it 's a joke . 
  [ edgy . 
  i think it was a joke . 
  ( albeit a bad one . ), 
  we do n't need to bash the uk , their government is doing a very good job at it already . 
  proof : germany does n't have an army and now because of this they speak german !, 
  well you ca n't argue with something that 's not an argument , you just expressed your opinion . 
  but it 's not in paris . 
  except that 's not paris . 
  could elaborate ? 
  yes there are places in paris that are dirty . 
  but not all of paris is like that . 
  maybe more in the poorer areas , but it is a very unusual thing in paris to wading through trash . 
  and i think it 's very unfair to call paris an `` utter shithole '' just because of a bit of trash and bad luck . 
  what about the beautiful architecture , the momuments , the museums , the restaurants , all the things to do ? 
  paris definitely has its default , but i think it 's very unfair to call paris an utter shithole . 
  anyway , have a good day and i hope you change your mind about paris . 
  sarcastic approval . 
  huh uh . 
  and what is the reason of such constructive criticism ? 
  you seem to have a thing against paris ... 
  i 'm sure of it . 
  just a bit frozen . 
  well i do know the entirety of northern russia is a no-go-zone but that 's not because of the people . 
  power road . 
  that 's most metal way of calling a highway . 
  and you also see all of paris . 
  but it should be destroyed to be honest . 
  nope . 
  accurate . 
  i think he also has scottish ancestry . 
  you know hadrian 's wall and all that . 
  so what the bigger the cup size , the higher their salary ? 
  beautiful picture . 
  it 's both . 
  i prefer mount olympus . 
  and russia wins . 
  there 's way more probability that the `` french chick '' is a dude . 
  people only say it in restaurants . 
  you are european . 
   napolitana iberian degenracy . 
  no chocolatine is how barbarians like you say pain au chocolat . 
  makuron vs orban sama . 
  so orban ? 
  welsh do n't speak english silly human . 
  they speak the languge of the old ones : ph ` tagn iia ia iwgywinwgyilcmuwniuwcmlciuyn . 
  can we keep the elon musk circlejerk in / r/space please ? 
  emmanuel macrimjob . 
  austrians , french , germans , swiss , italians and norwegians are also europeans , the fact that he is european is irrelevant here , it 's the fact that he 's dutch that 's important . 
  to be fair you guys were n't the only one , but you were the best at it . 
  why are we gay now ? 
  what happened to the guy ? 
  will that dick contest ever end ? 
   even on youtube mate youtube is filled with nutjobs . 
   the genocide of british people the ` olocaust . 
   opium ~ ~ for ~ ~ ** of ** the people ftfy, 
  please pick another city . 
  yeah sure mate ... 
  alays two there are . 
  a master and an apprentice . 
  no the next oxymoron after fascist left is anarcho-capitalism . 
  i do n't know about that , trump wants assad to stay in power . 
  ( ( ( they ) ) ) of course . 
  this is beautiful . 
  gos bless supreme leader juncker the 1st . 
  why not europa ? 
  has a nice tone . 
  your answers show the complete opposite . 
  do n't talk about him , he 's a bad quality napoleon ^ ^ tm, 
  checked the comments in the article . 
  dauly mail looks divided about brexit . 
  if i see this french flag in real life i burn it . 
  people have been guillotined for way less than this . 
  some blue blood as well as impure blood . 
  this is so wrong . 
  i want to go to finland . 
  i just want people to discuss about islam in europe . 
  it is a discussion the west needs to have . 
  we got to stop considering islam as a taboo subject . 
  you are part of the problem , by just shouting `` islamophobic '' at people daring to criticize islam , you are shutting down the discussion . 
  i remember charlie hebdo and i was trautmatized by it , i thought about if for days . 
  now i just raise my eyebrow and sigh . 
  it 's everyday now . 
  unfortunately the smart ones rarely die in the attacks , it 's the cannon fodder that are carrying out the attacks . 
  i thought they urged their european counterparts to do more attacks since they 're losing in syria and irak . 
  non cozy prisons . 
  why would we put thoussands of people in cozy prisons too costly . 
  silly western pig , supreme leader kim jong-un only wishes to liberate the world from capitalism !, 
  if the uk craved those reforms so bad they would n't have blocked all of the reforms proposed to it by the eu . 
  brexit is just the uk being honest with itself it was only interested in an economic union and never wanted anything more . 
  de gaulle was right to not let them in . 
  you like flags do n't you ? 
  yes please . 
  goddamn switzerland .
