  i 'd swim in the seine . 
  before it reaches the paris region . 
  `` let them eat royal canin . '', 
  but i do n't know how to say it in flemish . 
  so algerians are apparently rape machines . 
  curie was russian . 
  edit : jokes , people do you know them ? 
  cautious you could start a flame war and then people will write strong worded messages to each other !, 
  both are good . 
  but it is true the louvre is overcrowded . 
   luxembourg : american cemetery memorial i wonder what nationality most of the people on trip advisor have ... 
  what ? 
  jesus christ you really think the us are a saint do n't you . 
  and here comes general mightey to save the day !, 
  your obssession with defending the us online is a bit scary mate ... 
  that depends on the person , but i do see less french people saying shit like : `` hey amerifags you owe us your independence ! '', 
  i was talking about the innocence of the modern french population . 
  resistants and collaborators were a minority . 
  most of the population was apathetic . 
  the french state should be held responsible , but not the population ( except the few collaborators that are still alive . ), 
  i feel like we 're in a misunderstanding . 
  i agree with you that there are ethnic groups historically related to france . 
  but there is no french ethnicity , the rrench are made of multiple ethnic groups . 
  there is no such thing as the french ethnicity . 
  yeah , haplogroup r1b , wich covers the uk , italy , spain , portugal and parts of germany , i 'm ot saying ethnicities do n't exist i 'm saying that there is no such thing as `` ethnic french '' . 
  there is no such thing as a french ethnicity , france has always been multiple ethncities and people living together : basques , bretons , alsatians ... 
  wtf even is an `` ethnic french '' ? 
  there are pepple woth celtic ancestry , germanic ancestry , latin ancestry . 
  the ethnic french concept never worked even before non-european immigration . 
  `` ethnic french '' do n't exist . 
  it 's as dumb as saying there are `` ethnic americans '' and `` ethnic brits '' . 
  so you just hate paris . 
  it 's your opinion man . 
  it 's not a fact . 
  you 're forgetting that the concept of being french is not an ethnic one but a cultural one . 
  they look like superhero emblems . 
  no but poland has a wannabe fascist government but i 'm sure you do n't care about that . 
  of course people remenber nice . 
  but guess what people do n't like thinking about tragic event while it 's the bastille day . 
  you have good intentions but you underestimate people , of course we remenber nice . 
  yeah you know what ? 
  from now on whenever i 'll remind you of the manchester terror attacks , so we can continue to brood . 
  nope but i heard of vend\u00e9e . 
  it 's a nice region . 
  yes ? 
  for what ? 
  nope my little centipede , genie is going to sleep in his lamp now . 
  congratulations your wish is granted then . 
  you ridiculed yourself . 
  so have you finished exposing your ignorance or do you wish to ridiculize yourself even more ? 
  yeah , yeah paris is literally baghdad . 
  inform yourself about a situation before talking about it and looking like an idiot . 
  otherwise back to t_d little crawling bug . 
   did n't soldiers get attacked during this state of emergency ? 
  yeah it 's almost like we put soldiers in the streets . 
  in other words : making measures . 
  yeah sure we 're in an emergency state since two years , but nope no security measures at all . 
  try to talk about things you 're informed about . 
  and making cunty jokes will help fix the muslim problem right ? 
  i wish people took terrorism seriously , unfortunately the alt-right is largely made up of edgy brain-dead teenagers . 
  so saying the guy 's is ideological masochism . 
  yeah sure . 
  you 're so above me , hoping for terrorist attacks and all . 
  yes . 
   muslim  same sex marriage pick one . 
  yeah the new header image is tres de mayo !, 
  watch out for big bad france !, 
  christ what a bitch you make . 
  either you 're a troll or you really underestimate the size of the eiffel tower . 
  i have trouble seeing how france does n't have a say in the eu . 
   you can \u00b4 t claim karl martell . 
  neither can france or germany . 
  those nations didn \u00b4 t exist . 
  where is he saying that martel was german ? 
  he 's saying he was a frank , unlike you who claims martel was from a country that did n't even exist at the time . 
  martel was a frank . 
  there 's wallonian and flemish culture . 
  but there is no such thing as belgian culture . 
  in another one of your incoherent ramblings in this thread . 
  da vinci spoke italian , and even though , italy as a country did not exist , he was of italian culture . 
  there was no such thing as belgian culture at the time of martel . 
  in fact there is still no such as belgian culture . 
  belgium is as artificial as it can get . 
  so martel was belgian even though belgium did not exist ? 
  he was not belgian nor french , he was a frank . 
  get it though your thick skull . 
  i can understand for the poles , byt the guy claiming martel was a belgian hero and the quick jab at france just screams : `` i have an inferiority complex ! '', 
  everyone is triggered by france in this sub . 
  how do you say `` fuck yes '' in latin ? 
  yes he was born in an area that is now part of belgium but that does n't mean he was belgian . 
  he was a frank . 
  and i 'm not the one appropriating him . 
  you are . 
  belgium did n't even exist mate . 
  the queen is op . 
  why are you salty over chopin ? 
  i could have gotten all that sweet karma if it was n't for you meddling mods !, 
  and 16 others . 
  basically the guys who own the world . 
  i posted it before the megathread .
