  yeah , i was surprised nobody made a post about him earlier . 
  i guess people preferred posting more obscure ones . 
  they all died in the great war . 
  your first link talks about colorado and it increased just by 5 % not by 50 % . 
  marijuana is n't even legal in arizona . 
  yeah , could be satire . 
  the model for the statue of liberty was gigantic i wonder what happened to her . 
  it 's probably nostrils instead of eyes . 
  it 's almost like anti-marijuana laws encourage the usage instead of reducing it . 
  wait what 's the seventh orifice if you 're a man ? 
  good anti-vaxxers are a plague to our society . 
  just wait until you see the comments , the videos are n't that bad but the comments are always a shitshow . 
  it 's hard to predict . 
  usually some muslim teenagers , who smoke , drink alcohol , do n't really care about the quran and then all of a sudden they want to kill every infidel on earth . 
  is n't poland already economically dominating eastern europe ? 
  ( not counting russia ), 
  deutsch qualited . 
  alt-right irl, 
  probably because your worldview is incredibly biased and mostly false . 
  holy shit . 
  this is like advanced stupid . 
  so many puns to be had thanks to this city . 
  what ? 
  they do need warmth to fuunction . 
  their body temperature is directly related to the ambient temperature . 
  if thd temperature is too low , they go numb and their bodies stop working . 
  it 's the warm blooded animals like mammals and birds that do n't need warmth . 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  scandinavia is mostly toundra or subartic weather , not the best climate for snakes . 
  i saw a grass snake once , an old lady killed it because she thought it was a viper . 
  how can snakes survive in scandinavia ? 
  i never knew vipers were so far up north . 
  i have n't see nigel either . 
  san marino wins , obviously . 
  the ones on the left ? 
  or the ones on the right ? 
  so you 've admitted yourself that the only reason switzerland works is because of federalism . 
  france is n't a federation so why would you compare the two . 
  also in switzerland . 
  in switzerland , even though swiss german dominates the two other languages there is still 22 % of the population with french as its mother tongue and 8 % of the population with italian as its mother tongue . 
  while in france only 3,5 % of the population has regional languages as its mother tongue . 
  why would you compare the two ? 
  france was unified thanks to monolingual policy and it worked . 
  independence movements in france are small compared to the ones in the uk or in spain . 
  as for the reluctancy towards a federal europe lots of people are weary of ` it because of the eu and its problems : lack of transparence , bad way to handle immigration , etc. ... 
  what about the uk then ? 
  it is politically divided , one of the reasons it is divided is languages , what about belgium and the tensions between crench-speaking wallonia and flemish speaking flanders ? 
  as for the european federation i am in favor of it but i do n't think it will happen . 
  at least one list where we 're on top . 
  now that 's real naughtiness !, 
  this series is going to make me depressed . 
  a shame such beautiful animals are endangered . 
  shame on us . 
  but how can you improve perfection ? 
  checkmate brits !, 
  how do you say `` fake news '' in hungarian ? 
  therefore , that makes them very gorgeous . 
  ya love the french ? 
  ya are n't a red blooded saxon . 
  because it was a joke and because french words make approximatively 30 % of the english language . 
  and it was also a reference to a citation of georges clemenceau : `` english is just badly pronounced french . '', 
  turkey , armenia , georgia . 
  okay fine they can be considered to be in europe . 
  but khazakstan and azerba\u00efdjan ? 
  it is n't . 
  they are free to speak their language , they can learn it in school . 
  you can celebrate any culture , language or religion you want , as long as french identity ( wich obviously includes the french language ) comes first . 
  putting french above regional languages is not to ensure it protection . 
  its to ensure national unity . 
  `` la france est unie et indivisible '' . its one of the core concepts of our nation . 
  linguistic unity helped to build and unite france . 
  they speak a french dialect . 
   belgium is doing great , so is uk . 
  those two countries have strong independence movements , there are tensions between flemish and walloon nationalists , and there are strong pro-independence movements in scotland , wales and northern ireland . 
  that 's because flemish is almost dead in france . 
   and what in the world do you mean by `` to learn their mother tongue '' , just what first i did not say that , i meant that bretons who do n't have breton as their native language can learn it . 
  the right to native language education is not forbidden anymore . 
  but the only official language of the french republic and the only language of the french administration is french . 
  period . 
  yes and they 're treated equally so what 's the problem ? 
  they are free to speak and learn their language . 
  and our constitution also says that the only official language of the french republic is french . 
   99,9 of the french ** non-foreign born population ** speaks french . 
  the statistic in the wiki encompasses all of the population . 
  it 's not 99,9 but even by being generous only 3,5 of french people have regional languages as their mother tongue . 
  no but spain is . 
  oh my bad . 
  yeah dominate is n't the best word to use ... `` be above '' would be better or `` put on a pedestal '' . 
  `` i do n't see what 's the problem with this . '', 
  it opposes the french notion of nation state . 
  it opposes the constitution . 
  france does not need another official language no matter if it 's only for one region . 
  french is the only language of the french republic period . 
  they just want bilingualism in schools ? 
  i 'm fine with that . 
  i thought those were protests to make the language official . 
  i do n't want a monolingual france , i want it to be primarly french-speaking , and i want french to be above the other languages . 
  as long as french comes first they can have regional languages as secondary languages if they want . 
  nope . 
  why do you care anyway ?
