  yes , it is a glorius idi , zis wuld bi a wonderful subredit . 
  still i 'm pretty sure that most europeans know that california is n't in texas . 
  consider yourself blessed . 
  vhy ? 
  do n't wory we wil mak english even beter , it vil a butiful languag to listen to . 
  yes . 
  bikaus it 's obviusly supirior in evry vay . 
  looks exaclty like brittany !, 
  french reddit . 
  oh , yeah people often forget romania , it 's a shame . 
  well france ** is ** in southern europe . 
  translating english reddit expressions in a literal manner . 
  i think he 'd like it . 
  the food is good , the restaurant is pretty but is can be pretty dirty . 
  marseille accent is the best peuch\u00e8re . 
  thanks . 
  well i hope there wo n't be one when i go see my results . 
  but it 'll probably be chaotic unfortunately , since passing or failing the bac can both make people emotive . 
  it 's over , i 've passed it . 
  the results will be revealed the fifth of july . 
  if you want to live in france : learn french or at least the basics . 
  to\u0302 respond to a comment you must read it first . 
  i responded to it wich means i read it . 
  keep up you wanker . 
  you prefer it or you just ca n't afford it ? 
  2 chemical attack drill . 
  norway or switzerland . 
  depends on what i 'm defending it against . 
  good joke . 
  well american 13 year olds on the internet told me french sounds gay . 
  but i feel like a lot of things are gay for american 13 year olds , so i 'll need the help of a non-french speaker who heard french recently . 
  we all are and righfully so unfortunately . 
  i just hope we get a reasonable man once trump 's term is finished . 
  it 's unfortunate that china is now more trustworthy than the united states . 
  ( just to be clear i do n't hate the american people , i just hate your government . ), 
  it 's a really sad thing that the trust between france and the us is now crumbling . 
  british english . 
  i like it better their accent is easier to understand , their use latin/more frequently and the orthograph is generally closer to french/latin . 
  people think british english sounds classier and american english to be cooler and hip . 
  we 'll probably commemorate it with germany . 
  can the hundred years war be considered a civil war ? 
  i never see them they 're always behind something . 
  it 's a joke calm your tits . 
  well , yeah you 'd be all alone . 
  i feel like you 're talking from expericence . 
  glorious empereur did nothing wrong . 
  the french bit is false , we extensively learn about the responsability of the french government in the holocaust now . 
  what do you want professor oak ? 
  [ non , je vois les choses en grand . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_french_empire#/media/file%3amap_administrative_divisions_of_the_first_french_empire_1812-en.svg ), 
  stop flirting with our future d\u00e9partement !, 
  auronomy of regions , that 's a funny sentence , never heard of it . 
  bootleg thatcher . 
  i 'm pretty sure he could be in macron 's government . 
  i ca n't remember . 
  it 's a fucking disaster . 
  new-york , providence and honolulu . 
  and ` parently ah do n't speak like 'em in texas . 
  and i learnt there 's a city in texas called corpus christi , looks like catholics got in the lone star state . 
  no matter what part of france we talk about , there 'll always be someone who wants to take it back ... 
  i know but maybe they wo n't be as conservative as khamenei . 
  it 's getting better , the best we can hope for is the death of the supreme leader . 
  i fucking hate when people ask me that . 
  i 'm 193 cm , so i 'm pretty tall , i even think i 'd be tall in nordic countries or the netherlands . 
  that 's another name for france ? 
  is rajoy that bad ? 
  at least you already learned the language . 
  i do n't know where to begin . 
  i think they 're biggest minority in france in genreral . 
   arround a 60-70 % of the inhabitants of the region speak catalan huh . 
  congrats to french catalans , usually minority languages in france do n't go higher than 20-35 % . 
  considering french minority languages policy i do n't think there 's many catalonian speakers in france . 
  or you know ... 
  there is such a thing as french `` catalonia '' ? 
  huh til . 
  vive la commune !, 
  algeria war i guess . 
  their heads would look wonderful in my garden . 
  got ta say i like his pragmatism . 
  unemployment corruption crime banlieues ( crime , religious extremism , fertile ground for terrorism . ), 
  people are way too pessimistic . 
  no it 's the color of the monarchy between the colors of the flag of paris . 
  just try . 
  says the english peasant . 
  well everytime i see religion mentioned on / r/france people go full berserk ` on it . 
  tunisia or lebanaon . 
  there 's gojira . 
  with a short bowl haircut . 
  vampire gypsies working abroad . 
  cant be more romanian than that . 
  i 'd say [ le monde ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr ) ( centrist/center-left ) is also good, 
  muslamic ray guns is also a classic . 
  why do n't you like churches ? 
  i 'm an atheist and even if ind them awesome-looking . 
  comrade de gaulle was a great man . 
  we have the dame blanche . 
  both . 
   for france . 
  for the god of me i do not see the appeal of weird accents in music to make them seem more edgy/cultural . 
  it comes across as just this fake attempt at seeming new and different .
