  and you 'd be right . 
  this is shameful . 
  those numbers are ridiculously low . 
  now that 's a ballsy priest . 
  too late for occitan . 
  french is closer to german than spanish is . 
  french has more germanic influence than spanish . 
  france has a balanced alimentation . 
  oh yes what 's wrong with one country spreading a backward ideology , what 's wrong with one country spreading hate of non-muslims , homophobia , antisemitism , racism , furthering tensions between muslims and non-muslims and enforcing the most disggusting and xenophobic islamic ideology ? 
  saudi arabia spreading wahbism can in no way be compared to america or china having somewhat of a cultural influence on europe . 
  there are no polar bears in the south pole . 
  i would love if there was something like arte but for the whole of europe . 
  do n't forget les marseillais and tpmp !, 
  this is beautiful . 
  i love autumn landscapes . 
  you do n't see what 's wrong with wahabism ? 
  middle of antartica along with the wahabis . 
  i thought you were talking about ben `` one-man shoah '' garrison . 
  no that 's just because most of the people on that subreddit are remainers and they 're pissed off about brexit . 
  ireland has shitty weather too yet they seem happy . 
  that 's what millenias of history and culture does to you . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is probably one of the most depressing subreddits out there . 
  not if you follow [ supply side jesus ] ( https://m.imgur.com/gallery/bcqrp ) . 
  that 's genius . 
  prepare for the incoming election when the_lorax will try to shill for frauke petry . 
  and the m\u00e9lenchon circlejerk is finally over . 
  okay it 's not the daily mail level . 
  yet . 
  no i do n't . 
  it 's just that this website has a weird system for dates . 
  except we do n't say that . 
  but i thought france was bacon !, 
  we found the dankier cousin of the dab . 
  why the quotation marks ? 
  finland ? 
  no tisue companies are . 
  been there . 
  done that . 
  yeah makes sense . 
  i did not know that . 
  they 're conservative why would n't they ? 
  free lunch or free breakfast ? 
  tough choice . 
  you have to admit he is dedicated . 
  the hilarious horror . 
  you do n't like people telling you to go back to t_d ? 
  well go back to / pol / then . 
  i have a headache . 
  woah mate !, 
  your have such good humor !, 
  qu\u00c9bec shall be liberated !, 
  [ i hate it . 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=_-daawu3gtk ), 
  i heard warhammer 40k is very popular in russia , but damn ... 
  now i want to fuck bots . 
  i mean sure , let 's see when flying carpets will be invented . 
  also i think memes and shitty photoshop do n't help against immigration problems . 
  she 's called marianne , and yes normally she has her boobs out . 
  yes aladin is going to bombard lyon with his flying carpet . 
  i do n't believe in your right-wing fantasies . 
  never have i seen shittier photoshop ... 
  russia is strangely accurate ... 
  panicking about europe is stupid , but that does n't mean we should stop caring and worrying about the issues it is currently facing . 
  the room where the joconde is to be precise . 
  it impresses you that they 're cheaper than paris ? 
  so much for the tolerant left !, 
  macron is the leader of the free world . 
  there . 
  happy now ? 
  doom !, 
   70 % threads pretty much calling the uk ~ ~ race traitors ~ ~ perfidious for leaving the eu ftfy, 
   never call a chocolatine `` pain au chocolat '' again . 
  that 's just because he 's civilised , southern barbarian . 
   showing his true colours . 
  everyone knows that macron is an europhile . 
  well austria is the biggest oceanian country after all . 
  i do n't think we 're allowed to talk about that . 
  look at the seine . 
  yep , corsica is like france for maghrebi immigration , except 10 times worse . 
  i 'm happy there are some trump supporters who know what empathy means because this is diggusting . 
  it 's just a phase , a long phase but once trump turns out to be just an ordinary republican maybe people will calm down . 
  i do n't think the whole , of reddit is to blame , it 's just two groups of fanatics fighting . 
  it 's just a lot of people . 
  it 's just that most people on reddit ( me included ) like to take the piss out of trump and his supporters once in a while . 
  i know you 're not angry because of the election but because of this internet `` war '' . 
  i know it must sucks because you do n't like to participate in this `` war '' , but you can try to ignore it . 
  looks like salt is contagious . 
  t_d is not a subreddit anymore . 
  it 's a saltmine . 
  a magnificient high energy saltmine . 
  t_d is going to be a saltmine ... 
   france will never wash away this shame . 
  oh god one of our presidents wife is older ... 
  such tragedy ... you 're pathetic mate . 
  next stop are the german elections to that i say : freude, 
  you sound like an expert on dick-eating . 
  why does every finn i see in / r/europe wants to fuck macron ? 
  i hope he does n't go to finland , otherwise we 'll see a country-scaled orgy . 
  meh , according to them we 're already an islamic country . 
  yeah , i herd italy is as eurosceptic as we are , if not more .
