  is the new handshake going to be people grabbing eachother by their genitals ? 
  well the winners are going enforce their policies ... 
  i do n't know what you 're expecting but it wo n't be something extraordinary , if you want to know what the winners will/want/says they will do , you just need to read macron 's programm . 
  we 're not going to silence the opposition , bitching about the current government is a national sport in france . 
  well that 's exactly what m\u00e9lenchon wants to do . 
  he wants to create the vith republic . 
  those 40 % of the population , will wait for the next presidential elections . 
  simple . 
  `` but muh trump and brexit ! '', 
  it is far-right , but still mainstream enough to compete in the swiss elections . 
  but who is turning us gay ? 
  yes and north korea is a democratic republic . 
  nice . 
  you like guns , i like gun control , let 's agree to disagree before this debate becomes even more of a shit-show , i 'm too tired to put up with this . 
  sure ... 
  it 's not like crime rates in the us are insane compared to western europe . 
  what 's the best way to deal with crime but to give guns to everyone , even mentally unstable people !, 
  also `` muh bataclan '' , since 9/11 happened i think the best way to make sure this never happens again is to give everyone rocket launchers . 
  ah yes , the gun hero clich\u00e9 , also thanks to your second amendment , american school shooters are generally way more `` successful '' than their french counterparts . 
  and you respond to a stupid stereotype using another stupid stereotype . 
  ps : the stereotype was n't that texans are all school shooters , but that texans are gun nuts . 
  fow news is pretty bad quality , i prefer infowars , especially alex jones , such a trustworthy guy !, 
  yep , `` just '' a gun nut . 
  apparently the school shooter was also obssessed with guns . 
  i think we should send him in texas . 
  he would feel at home there . 
  nope . 
  buying french wine then pouring it into the sewers . 
  so many swastikas !, 
  you know the deal we take wallonia , you take flanders , brussels become the eu 's capital . 
  so with the dutch election being done in a few hours looks like people are going to focus even more on our election ... oh boy . 
  there are multiple anglo-countries . 
  canada , australia and nz still look pretty sane . 
  accidentally ? 
  there is difference in behaviour but because of social , economical , cultural or religious influences , not because of genetics , hence why ethnic-based statistics are useless . 
  i do not believe in `` race '' . 
  the only race that exists is the human race . 
  for once i agree with you , but he dyed his hair because he did n't want people to see his indonesian roots . 
  i hope it too . 
  he 's just the long lost english cousin of trump . 
  race-based statistics are useless . 
  nobody cares , why are you so angry that ethnicity tracking is n't a thing in france . 
  there shoud n't be white people , black people , asians or arabs there should be french people . 
  i like your username . 
  good young apprentice , good ... 
  with the scottish flag gone , they 'll finally have enough place to put a dragon in the union jack !, 
  i 'd like to see that , but i do n't think it will happen , mlp has a very loyal voter base , almost fanatical . 
  myself . 
  you 're a pupper ? 
  how ? 
  why do you want to see an independent scotland ? 
  we are all doggos on this blessed day !, 
  careful you might trigger the latvians and the irish . 
  anti-vaxxers with kids sould be put in jail and have their kids taken away from them . 
  you can be both . 
  nah mate , i love the turks now , they 're the funniest people on earth . 
  if they want him now , i have no problem with that . 
  this is sad and funny . 
  indo-european . 
  it 's hindi . 
  hilarious and original . 
  i 'm ashamed of this spineless and prideless government . 
  is n't the isle of man also a tax pardadise ? 
  we 've already seen this map a billion times ... 
  no fleur-de-lys for france :(, 
  `` friend '' . 
  you guys must be proud . 
  why ? 
  the slogan of paris is `` made for sharing '' , it 's in english . 
  also it 's gon na cost a huge amount of money , all of that for infrastructure that will never be used again . 
  it 's not wrong to be proud of your country , as long as it is not blind pride . 
  username does n't checks out . 
  it was a joke mate . 
  you 're right potato eating englishman . 
  everyone i do n't like is a nazi : a guide for the turkish president . 
  the fuck is your deal with algeria ? 
  these are n't colonies mate . 
  the isle of r\u00e9union is france . 
  oh god please no . 
  [ i like trains !, 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hhkkjfcbxcw ), 
  [ removed ], 
  proof ? 
  time for some sweet d\u00e9partementalisation of europe . 
  wait since the uk left the eu , are we the only country with a decent military ? 
  the thing is the bunderswerh is even less equiped . 
  why currently ? 
  is the uk going to restrict it 's military ? 
  why should it be weird to criticize judaism and islam ? 
  i 'm more questionned by the fact that you consider being critical about judaism and islam is an extraordinary thing . 
  you 're right . 
  but there 's still a difference between far-right and neo-nazis . 
  meanwhile , i 'm just waiting for the ~ ~ alt-right ~ ~ neo-nazis to tell me : `` they 're all evil joos ! '', 
  well you are n't french , judging by your flag you 're a moneygasque . 
  but yeah i agree it 's a bit rude , and a bit true too , we are n't known for our proficiency in english . 
  / r/wholesomeeurope . 
   i wo n't be surprised if the left started blaming the jews . 
  nah , you already got the far-right for that . 
  that 's nice but we 're not talking about clinton , `` clinton do it too '' , is n't an excuse . 
  do n't try to change the subject .
