  i 'm going to explain our deep ideological differences concerning french regional languages . 
  you see it as a horrible act , and act of oppression . 
  i see it as a feat of might . 
  as a proof of our unity . 
  france genocided its own population a century ago because of language really ? 
  almost nobody speaks regional languages in a day to day use . 
  efficient no . 
  unified yes . 
  it 's weird how foreigners are more defensive of french regional languages than french people themselves . 
  show those `` big '' protests cause i sure have n't heard of them . 
  oh wait you showed that in another comment . 
  there are small protests from time to time . 
  but looks like there is n't significant movements . 
  have you talked to bretons , alsatians , corsicans , basques ? 
  there is no significant push in any of the regions with minority languages to make their language official . 
  france does not need another official language . 
  the alsatians , bretons and corsicans are n't oppressed . 
  they are free to learn their language . 
  they can learn their language . 
  this whole thread is snotty non-french people thinking they have a moral high ground or thinking they understand the situation better than french people while ignoring or dismissing the opinions of french people in this thread . 
  99,9 of the french non-foreign born population speaks french , there is no need and there is no will to make regional languages official . 
  it would n't be convenient in any way to have regional languageskills made official . 
  yes and ? 
  i ask the question why should these langugages be made official , it will only complicate things for nothing . 
  there is no need to . 
  can we agree on carolus ? 
  yes because spain is such a good example to follow , the spanish people could n't be more divided even if they tried to . 
  how dare they want to be a unified nation !, 
  thanks . 
  i see no need to make official a language that is spoken only be an extreme minority of the population . 
  if catalan is officially recognized there will be cries to make breton official , corsican and so on and so on . 
  we do n't need anpther official language . 
  it will only nurture separatism and divide the population . 
  edit : typo . 
  why should it be made into an official language ? 
  this map is all lies . 
  in france there is only french . 
  regional languages must be purged . 
  france is n't by far the only european country with soldiers in its streets . 
  all subreddits are echo chambers to a degree . 
  you 'd be better off in 4chan if you do n't like echo chambers . 
  go to voat then . 
  it 's like reddit but for people like you . 
  food kills people !, 
  poor hollande , nobody wanted to assassinate him . 
  the government is to blame for starting the cit\u00e9s . 
  now there is also self-segregation thrown in the mix . 
  the french cit\u00e9s are even worse . 
  it 's basically modern-day segregation . 
  yeah sure mate . 
  what about swiss jews ? 
  guys i found one !, 
  russia in the eu , good joke . 
  i had no idea the house of anjou once ruled hungary . 
  til . 
  terrifying and beautiful at the same time . 
  and that 's not all the number 88 is usually preceeded by the number 14 wich means the fourteen words , a white supremacist slogan : `` we must secure the existence of our people and a future for white children . '', 
  did that parliament really did things or was it just for the show ? 
  all the micro states in europe are super rich . 
  the old ones are way better . 
  pis voting in favor of homosexual marriage ? 
  the fuck are you smoking mate ? 
  yeah do n't worry man , i 'm sure if you say rip eu again the eu will die . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  flair checks out . 
  so each lander has its own public holidays ? 
  taste the rainbow !, 
  gorgeous is a really gorgeous word . 
  no one wanted the uk out at the time of the brexit election . 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  / u/helmia we need you here . 
  why ? 
  they 're salty about wallonia ? 
  and therefore a very gorgeous meme was born . 
  i 'm a what ? 
  the europhiles are coming to get ya / u/the _ great_swiss !, 
  run while you still can !, 
  bow to the dark queen . 
  i do n't think it was a real question . 
  and therefore very gorgeous ? 
  throwing the words france and military in the same sentence will spawn thoussands of those `` jokes '', 
  every nation cares about money . 
  and are you asking me why am i criticizing something that is clearly morally wrong ? 
   why criticize if everyone is doing it that 's an ever bigger reason to criticize it !, 
  except i 've never said thati condone france 's deals with sa . 
  i 'm against all partnerships or deals with saudi arabia . 
  including the ones my country makes . 
  so i criticize all countries who have deals with saudi arabia , that includes france and the us . 
  he should have extended the travel ban to saudi arabia . 
  but instead , he made the biggest weapons deal the us ever made with saudi arabia . 
  also : what does tpp mean ? 
  i did n't claimed anything , unlike you . 
  convince me that trump is the best us president since a long time . 
  yeah sure . 
  keep telling yourself that , do n't let reality get in the way of your feelings . 
  the president 's name ? 
  emmanuel maceinstein . 
  i mean we just had an election 2 weeks ago , but sure we 're a dictatorship now . 
  we wuz winged hussars n shit . 
  i wonder if he 'll accept .
