  well , 2 and 3 are definitely very relevant for germany ... 
  that 's why colbert and stewart already got out of the game ... 
  does this mean i have to watch the shitty netflix selection of germany , even when i 'm in britain ? 
  are any of these eu politicians likely to become ambassadors to the uk ? 
  sorry , if this is a very broad question , but does anyone know of countries that have `` anti-gerrymandering-legislation '' ? 
  if so , how do they work and are they effective ? 
  you can * rent * breast pumps ? 
  that 's why they 're not going to see it coming . 
  we kept our slight re-route top secret !, 
  but i wonder who you 'd have to turn to ... like is there a government agency you can inform or do you have to try to get here to see a doctor on your own ? 
  oktoberfest is n't what i would call authentic ... 
  if could see the hre mentioned without that quote coming up , i 'd be sooooo happy ... 
  does the study say something about std 's ? 
  now i feel bad for romania . 
  they 're like me in my friendships :d  : / :( : \u00b4 (, 
  i thought hungary and poland were each others vvvvvbffs ? 
  well , countries or regions designate their own historical and heritage sites . 
  if they feel that they have universal significance , they can apply to the unesco to designate them as world heritage . 
  so no , unesco is not the only organisation that designates heritage , but there is no competition , because they 're arguably the top-level of a hierarchy . 
  in germany the ekbtal was removed as a world heritage site , because of the waldschl\u00f6sschenbr\u00fccke in dresden was built . 
  by the way , world heritage is pretty much bullshit . 
  it has been shown that countries , which have members on the voting committee receive more inscriptions , i.e. 
  instead of being neutral the committee members lobby for their own countries . 
  the distribution of seats correlates with gdp . 
  rich countries get more seats . 
  that is because the committee members are elected by all countries . 
  rich countires offer development aid to poor countries in exchange for being elected on the committee , then the rich countries push their own applications through , because they want the prestige of world heritage and all those sweet , sweet tourism monies . 
  the msot notorious example is 1997 , when 10 italian sites were inscribed , while the commitee was headed by an italian . 
  that 's the most extreme example , but all european countries are doing it ( although it has slowed dowwn a little bit since unesco changed the rules so that only 1 site per year can be inscribed ) . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : rich ( european ) countries buy seats on the inscription committee by offering development aid , then use their power on the committee to inscribe their own sites . 
  and saccone , d. ( 2012 ) toward a political economy of world heritage . 
  journal of cultural economics , 36 ( 4 ) , pp . 
   frey , b. , pamini , p. and steiner , l. ( 2011 ) what determines the world heritage list ? 
  an econometric analysis . 
  working paper no . 
  1 , university of zurich . 
  available : www.econ.uzh.ch/static/wp/econwp001.pdf, 
  so it implies that it is inherently unfair when you have a lot on the tentative list but not much recognized world heritage ? 
  what 's unfair about it when you put bullshit on your tentative list and the un refuses to recognize it ? 
  you 're right , clicking on the flags does n't change the language of the website , but i did n't manipulate the piture . 
  that drop-down menu ( still ) * does * say spracheinstellungen . 
  it is misslabelled by l'turs webmaster . 
  i never claimed to have written a comprehensive analysis of every single aspect of tourism . 
  i was replying to a comment that implied tourism was n't contributing anything at all ( which is a pretty black and white pov ) , so i explained that it does contribute something economically to show the poster before me that there are other things she needs to consider as well . 
  at no point did i claim that gentrification did n't happen . 
  this post overall may discuss gentrification , but i was responding to a specific comment that did n't . 
  replies are made to specific comments , which do n't necessarily have the same theme as the post as a whole . 
  how hard is it to understand this ? 
  [ lil sebastian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axxaymt1r4u ), 
  first of all , the people who earn money from renting out their apartments on airbnb spend that money - probably in barcelona - and feed it into the local economy . 
  secondly , tourists spend money on other things than accomodation . 
  without tourists a lot of restaurants and shops would have to close down . 
  and tourist sites might get problems with funding , if their income from admission fees drop . 
  [ bitch please ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_bucket ), 
  you 're german now !, 
  so what ? 
  pay attention how often there are disrespectful remarks about ww2 or the holocaust ( constantly ) and how often someone takes offence ( almost never ), 
  i 'm not a pacifist . 
  i get that * armed * soldiers are necessary . 
  but does n't the bible say you should turn swords to plughshares ? 
  in winter . 
  because russia wo n't expect that anyone would ever try that again , so poland will have surprise on it 's side !, 
  to be fair , a lot of those make sense : mri , rehab and hospital canteens are about helping people . 
  prisons are ( theoretically ) about rehabilitating `` sinners '' ( pope francis got a lot of praise for washing the feet of criminals ... ) and blessing police officers and soldiers is n't too absurd either . 
  it 's just various blessing of weapons that seems extremly fucked up and blessing stuff like factories is clearly just selling out . 
  [ this article cites destatis . 
  does n't get more reliable on statistics about germany than that . 
  ] ( https://qz.com/394456/the-numbers-behind-germanys-demographic-nightmare/ ), 
  i have a question : even with our trade surplus , we barely have a account surplus . 
  to increase our spending we would have to borrow money . 
  our debt in absolute terms would rise . 
  economists think that 's fine , as long as the economy grows faster than the debt . 
  except in the next 4 decades germany 's population is going to shrink by 12 % , which will inevitably make our economy shrink ... making our debt-to-gdp-ration skyhigh ... 
  i do n't think the article adresses this issue :  the bosses and the ministers will also tell you that they 're saving in expectation of an older , smaller population in future . 
  after all , fewer young people will pay taxes for more old people with more needs . 
  looking ahead to this demographic shift , the federal and regional governments have even legislated themselves `` debt brakes '' that constrain their ability to run deficits today . 
  currently the federal government is slightly in surplus . 
  the germans find it prudent . 
  the economist finds it silly and egoistic . 
  they think it 's `` silly and egoistic '' but they do n't explain how germany is supposed to deal with this inevitable fact . 
  anyway , at long last , here 's my question : who 's gon na bail us out in 40 years ? 
  do you also drink your milk luke-warm ? 
  actually , americans do create parallel communities . 
  they 're called military bases . 
  when the usa sends it 's people , they 're not sending their best !, 
  they 're bringing drugs , they 're bringing crime , they 're rapists ... and some , i asume , are good people ... 
  ad 1200 best year of my life, 
  ~ ~ in addition , it also takes 2/3 majority in parliament to dismiss a judge . 
  this makes a dismissal for political reasons relatively unlikely . ~ ~ a judge can only be dismissed by 2/3 majority of the court itself . 
  thanks , u/dances _ with_unicorns, 
  i wonder what that possible population shrinkage would mean for germany 's economic growth or our gdp * per person * ? 
  and what both of does would mean for our gdp to debt ratio ? 
  and who will bail us out when we reach greek levels `, 
  the vatican opposes the death penalty as well , which is ridicoulus because their religion would n't exist without it !, 
  black skin or black uniform ? 
  he also wrote about the middle east without ever having been there . 
  when he visited later he had a nervous break down and went crazy for a while , because it was so different from what he had imagined and described . 
  by the way , in all of his books he pretended that everything he wrote had actually happended to him and many readers believed him . 
  when they found out he had never been to the us or the middle east they protested him . 
  which is a shame !,
