  well over here in the us we have people commit terrorist acts like shooting innocent people at planned parenthood clinics , planting bombs and even assassinating doctors who provide abortions . 
  those people all tend to be white & are motivated by their christian faith and the belief that abortion is murder . 
  our mass shooters usually kill more than your or our islamic terrorists , but i 'm not expected to go out and repudiate what they did because we share the same race and faith . 
  also , over here at least all muslims of course hate people who murder and claim to do it for islam . 
  when they do things , like after 9/11 in our small town by holding a community dinner open to all to collect donations for the victims it does n't make big news . 
  i guess i can explain using the term white for emphasis because race is such a big deal here and i 'm pretty sure you have a problem with prejudice against middle eastern looking people in europe as well . 
  your right wing parties give that impression . 
  maybe though it is all anti-islam prejudice you have and not racial ? 
  i got plenty of downvotes but did any of you actually take my suggestion and email some mosques and ask them if they condemn these acts of terrorism ? 
  or were just lazy & want to blame them and feel superior ? 
  when part of a minority and something bad happens the feeling is please please do n't let it be one of us . 
  then the feeling is to hide so people do n't say hateful things and give you dirty looks . 
  you say in spain people went out in the streets after eta attacks . 
  that is a basque group , did you expect every basque to apologize to you for those acts ? 
  or did you know it was only a few assholes who did them ? 
  can you see now what i am saying ? 
  edit : sorry . 
  it just clicked that being from spain you have a much more mixed population and skin color is not the kind of identifying factor it is in more northern regions of europe or sometimes in the us . 
  damn but that sounds familiar . 
  that sounds like going the hard way around when there is a better path to the same place , but such is life at times . 
   only thing that 's banned is you ca n't get an actual imam do the funeral for you . 
  that may be a small thing to you but as an american where freedom of religion is a founding principle the idea that the government could ban an imam or priest , minister or rabbi from conducting funeral services for a person is abhorrent . 
  the government saying sure you can bury your child & say prayers but you ca n't have any religious leader do it is insane . 
  i think you are conflating two different points i was making . 
  the first i 've explained above . 
  the 2nd is i know how police states work . 
  and since your president came out right after the coup and purged thousands of people from jobs in education & the court system before any possible investigation could be conducted tells me you live in a police state and people claiming the bodies of relatives are likely to be investigated and persecuted . 
  certainly it would be reasonable to have that fear . 
  edit : question are you even legally allowed to be on reddit from within turkey ? 
  i 've heard quite a bit of advice about using vpns to access social media and the like for people there . 
  i feel it 's disturbing as well and think it bodes a bad future for turkey . 
  quick google revealed this on burial at sea for muslims http://www.seaservices.com/muslim.htm  623 . 
  if a person dies on a ship and if there is no fear of the decay of the dead body and if there is no problem in retaining it for sometime on the ship , it should be kept on it and buried in the ground after reaching the land . 
  otherwise , after giving ghusl , hunut , kafan and namaz-e-mayyit it should be lowered into the sea in a vessel of clay or with a weight tied to its feet . 
  and as far as possible it should not be lowered at a point where it is eaten up immediately by the sea predators . 
  if it is feared that an enemy may dig up the grave and exhume the dead body and amputate its ears or nose or other limbs , it should be lowered into sea , if possible , as stated in the foregoing rule . 
  technically i think it can be argued that this burial was appropriate as finding a place willing to accept his body would have been very difficult . 
  saudi arabia , his homeland would not have been willing to . 
  the ship 's next port of call might have been the usa . 
  if buried here the 2nd condition would be a risk in the sense that his grave would 've likely been desecrated . 
  i 'm sure islamic scholars and imams hold different positions on the appropriateness of the burial at sea . 
  yet that burial did follow islamic dictates . 
  my point still stands that even america 's most hated enemy 's funeral and burial were conducted with a certain respect and officiated over by an imam . 
  for erdogan to deny that same dignity to people who died in this coup attempt seems extreme . 
  it sounds like the poles could very much use help modernizing then . 
  wikipedia says the crotale can reach up to 6,000 meters but does n't have much on the nasmas ii . 
  at any rate those are far far better than old fashioned manual guns and better than stingers . 
  i understand the value of the stingers to finland as even if the better systems were taken out the russians would still have to worry about thousands of infantrymen running around with aa that could take down multi-million dollar aircraft , which i 'm sure is part of the strategy . 
  no worries . 
  i make similar mistakes all the time . 
  the important thing is we understand each other now . 
  have an upvote . 
  always very interesting to learn these things even if learning the language is not realistic for me . 
  it is also interesting how easy it was to understand the meaning when directly translated to english . 
  when in japan the idioms were so very different that i needed a detailed explanation to understand them . 
  it seems a german can only say the beginning gebranntes kind and the rest is obvious & known . 
  in english it is the same i think . 
  one can say only `` once bitten . . '' and people know the point . 
  you probably knew that but thank you for the lesson so i was just trying to offer something in return . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  lol . 
  this estonia . 
  it 's very small but seems quite interesting . 
  i would like to visit if they increase their military spending and president trump decides to allow them to remain in real nato . 
   surely there needs to be a polandball on this topic ? 
  did you read the comments at all ? 
  / u/lockjaw7130 said  i am not saying we ca n't do anything against specific organisations , i am saying it is idiotic to cut off all funding for all religions from outside . 
  literally all organised religions function this way . 
  and i replied to that . 
  i have no problem with banning specific `` religious '' groups which promote hate & violence . 
  a blanket ban on all international money going to religious organizations is what i was saying would be unrealistic and bad . 
   you 'll not get investigated because you just want to bury your son that 's just silly . 
  i think you 're naive or an erdogan supporter or both . 
  but who knows maybe you 're right ? 
  i 'm kind of shocked that you do n't think banning an islamic burial is an issue worth addressing . 
  but it 's your country so you probably know more than i do , and while i feel sad that you have such political purges and lack of freedom if you do n't i do n't know what to say . 
  this type of thing does have the effect of making turkey a less respected and trusted nation though , just as bad us actions have that effect . 
  edit : the us even gave osama bin laden an islamic funeral and burial at sea . 
  i would think turks could show the same respect to their own countrymen however misguided they may think them . 
  i think you put far too much faith in nukes . 
  by your reasoning all conventional forces could be disbanded by the nuclear powers . 
  that has n't happened for a reason . 
  even in a war between the us and russia both sides would try to keep it conventional . 
  the cost is too much to actually use nuclear weapons and both countries realize this . 
  geographically small nations like france & the uk would be even more foolish to use them . 
  their entire landmass would be poisoned , unlike the us & russia . 
   there 's no chance russia would invade a country part of nato , wich would trigger article 5 and a world war . 
  in the context of this thread about what difference the us makes as a faithful member of nato i think without the us it would n't be a world war , and russia would win . 
  the command and control alone is highly dependent on the us but the fighting power of nato would be greatly diminished if the us were to quit . 
  that 's not to say a new organization of only european nations could n't be formed & if they devoted much more resources to it they could defend themselves . 
  if there was the will that could be done . 
  the us tried to stay out of yugoslavia and let europe handle it . 
  that did n't work . 
  so i would need some evidence to think that europe alone could handle a major military threat from russia . 
  i hope they can , but if the russians think they ca n't that creates many dangers . 
  edit ; and back during the days of mutually assured destruction in the cold war both the us & ussr tended to think the other was mad and crazy and might go for it . 
  the same views do n't hold anymore so i think nukes are even less of a deterrent than they were then . 
  trump is also pretty popular in china i hear because to them he represents business and strong leadership . 
  their only experience with government is it being a strong patriarchal force . 
  to be honest they 're far more likely to get mugged or assaulted or even murdered in the us .
