  i was furious . 
  he seemed to represent everything violent and bad about my country . 
  i wonder if she 's still pissed about golota too ? 
  and thank you / u/kerayt for finding that clip and stopping me from making a stupid stereotype from one unique situation . 
   i ca n't wrap my head around this kind of thinking , why are we the ones responsible for educating people who we 're already helping ? 
  parents do that . 
  people did that for me when i went to japan so i would horrify anyone by sticking my chopsticks into a bowl of rice . 
  educating them about the laws and customs of the host country prevents many but not all violations of those laws and customs . 
  it 's preemptive . 
  anecdote : i was talking with a polish immigrant in chicago , of course lol !, 
  and she was upset about a boxing match she 'd seen where the polish fighter was losing and he just threw up his hands and quit . 
  did n't even complete the fight . 
  she said `` that 's so polish !, 
  i hate that ! '', 
  i had no idea what she meant so asked her to explain and she basically said polish people just give up and do n't try . 
  i wonder if it 's that attitude ( assuming she was accurate ) is a product of soviet/communist rule ? 
  because i 'll never forget reading about a polish raf fighter pilot out of ammo over germany who kept `` attacking '' and stayed in a dogfight with a german fighter . 
  when asked wtf were you thinking you had chances to disengage and run ? 
  by a british officer he said `` i thought maybe i could run him out of petrol . '', 
  is that really true of most 2nd & 3rd generation kids ? 
  if so , why would n't they identify with where they grew up ? 
  also are you sure that 's true or is it a you do n't like them so they do n't want to identify as the same as you thing ? 
  i 've certainly heard that britain has a lot of pakistani immigrants and the like who stay really isolated and do n't integrate like the ones we have in the us . 
  perhaps they just use some post empire perks to get into the uk for money but actually hate britain even before they arrive ? 
  i kind of understand that about the uk but it is still a bit alien to me . 
  the one thing i would add about the us is that all it really takes to be an american is to embrace certain beliefs about equality , and that whole all people are endowed with certain inalienable rights thing . 
  it 's easily forgotten by native born americans but we really are a nation founded on ideas . 
  it 's historically an odd place where we just ask are you willing to support these principles ? 
  well then welcome aboard !, 
  obviously the reality has a ton of discrimination based on ethnicity & human slavery of african americans makes the ideals seem like a sick joke but our culture has remained very fluid because it is defined by words & thoughts rather than ethnicity . 
  we are going through one of our frequent spasms though as the white christian element is losing its dominant role . 
  -- sorry that was rambling . 
  helps to type to think sometimes . 
  yes there are two separate factors at work . 
  lack of proper sex education leads to unwanted pregnancies . 
  that happens in both the us south & rural conservative areas and in eastern europe and russia more often than other areas . 
  the decision to have an abortion or not once pregnant is impacted by different social & cultural pressures . 
  i do think the eu screwed up by expanding so rapidly . 
  i 'm sure business interests have benefitted from cheap labor due to the very different costs of living across the eu as have mobile workers from the countries with less developed economies but it has also caused a great deal of pain for many workers and the brexit vote shows that pushing for unity too fast could end the entire project . 
  just anecdotal but i grew up in a small town and have lived in several as well as cities & overseas . 
  i do have to say that most of my friends could n't wait to get out of our boring little town for someplace with new experiences to offer . 
  but some of my friends & relatives absolutely do n't want to leave nor do they want anything much to change in their towns . 
  my town friends sometimes make friends with an immigrant at work or the like but seem genuinely surprised that someone of a different race & background can be such a normal friendly guy . 
  as an american i find it odd that you do n't consider naturalised or even 2nd & 3rd generation citizens who were born & lived their entire lives in the uk british . 
  we do have people who think that way here of course like trump and i saw it in japan where some of my 3rd generation students actually held north korean passports . 
  i thought that was shockingly backwards . 
  it 's interesting to try to understand what britishness means as a cultural identity . 
  we have a bit of this here in the south . 
  when i moved here i was surprised how much past family history , usually involving someone who fought the damn yankees in the civil war , was to people 's sense of self & identity . 
  i grew up in the midwest so what country your ancestors came from could be interesting but was never really a part of one 's identity . 
  the exception being people with irish family names around st patty 's day !, 
  lol, 
  so you do n't intend to honor your commitment to nato then ? 
  i 'm surprised that did n't come up before the vote . 
  let me see if i have this straight . . 
  so you thought the logical thing to do was to stay , but for ideological reasons you sympathized with leave and when remain people said the leavers were a bunch of racists nazi types that made you mad , so you voted to leave just as a way to tell them to fuck off ? 
  even though you knew it was bad for your country ? 
  and now you 're criticising remain people for being so bigoted and saying the whole vote to leave is really their fault for portraying people like you as '' literally nazi super racist babystomper [ s ] '' which you 're not but they kind of are ? 
  i can see 5 years of the uk constantly negotiating over trade . 
  but the 2 year limit seems inescapable , so for 3 of those years i 'd imagine the uk being on the outside looking in while other places fill gaps in industry & trade left by the uk . 
  i can see it as a bit like an athlete who took off for surgery having to re-earn their spot on the roster . 
  i do n't think that is the intent . 
  i think it 's just that the leave groups had no plan and no one capable of producing a plan . 
  the impact on the eu though is very bad . 
  so it is almost the same as if the uk were trying to hurt the eu . 
  stupidity & incompetence are just as dangerous as people with a plan who want to hurt you . 
   if the uk drops out the french and german economies will suffer worse than the uk will gon na need a source for that . 
  thank you for the translation !, 
  so the nuremberg trials officially gave the ussr a pass on invading poland by declaring that they were n't cooperating with and expanding fascism ? 
  given the political realities at the time and the massive suffering fascism caused to the member countries of the ussr i can understand that verdict at the time . 
  freedom of speech being a deal over here in the us it seems perfectly fine for people to question it and the lesson of history is lost if one hides the communist-nazi cooperation . 
  the fine of 200,000 rubles equates to 3134 us dollars , so i 'm guessing that is very large compared to the man 's earnings . 
  this makes me more sad because i think that russia has become the most fascist country in europe . 
  the combination of oligarchical capitalism with state control of speech , abuse of minorities & putin being a csar/fuhrer who controls the government even when not officially in power . 
  he also controls the fsb just as hitler did the ss & gestapo . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/oct/06/fsb-putins-modern-day-kgb i 'm obviously biased as i really really do n't like putin . 
  lol, 
  seems like some brits are overly sensitive to friends speaking honestly then if they perceived his comments as a threat . 
  he clearly said i 'm not british & it 's up to you to decide . 
  that the uk will go to the back of the queue is just a fact of how insignificant trade between our countries is . 
  2/3rds of all our imports come through the single west coast port of long beach . 
  we do more trade with germany alone than we do with britain . 
  i suspect much of our trade with the uk will decline because we 've been using it as a gateway to europe . 
  hell , the only british products i 've ever bought are bass & newcastle ales . 
  and i 'm not sure they are not actually brewed here or in canada . 
  http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/usa/ scroll down and look at import export percentage of the uk . 
  if people think obama was threatening them then i suspect they thought every expert & fact checker was also doing so . 
  i guess the brits pointing out the bullshit on boris 's bus were also threatening the public then ?!, 
  i do suspect an overinflated ego about how great the uk is played a major part in some people voting leave . 
  when i saw farage give is silly speech to the eu and talk about how now britain would be able to pursue its `` global ambitions '' i spit out my coffee from laughing so hard . 
  he 's at least 100 years out of touch i 'm afraid . 
  well i think the tories are now saying they want to wait a year to invoke article 50 . 
  you know so they can come up with a plan ... 
  it could just be they want to screw over the eu for as long as possible . 
  good point . 
  it seems it never occurred to the remain supporters that leave could so actively campaign and not have any idea how things would work out after they won . 
  it 's the opposite of how sun tzu urged to never underestimate one 's opponent . 
  in this case the remain folks overestimated their enemy and failed to challenge them where they were vulnerable . 
  i want to second engry as a word . 
  it can be used whenever someone or a group is so angry & unreasonable that they fuck themselves ( & others ) over .
