yeah , we already fulfill the 2 % criterion though . 
  sorry , it was an offhand comment about spending with the intention of implying trump 's view of things which i do n't agree with . 
   i think there needs to be a polandball on every topic !, 
  i agree !, 
  but i have to admit i love some of them that i have no idea what they are about . 
  - it 's a good thing to be reminded of . 
  i think i should point out that you are using the past tense a great deal in regards to the us . 
  my country has done some awful things no doubt . 
  there is a risk of more stupidity and immorality but i would n't exactly pile on the putin 's russia bandwagon even if i was iranian . 
  and certainly not if i lived in a warsaw pact country . 
  i think we will turn him over if real evidence is presented . 
  the fact that a day or two after the attempted coup erdogan was firing and arresting thousands of judges , scholars and has a horrible record of suppressing a free press makes me distrust him . 
  there was no time for any real legal investigations into all the people who were fired & arrested . 
  i do n't understand how anyone can trust anything erdogan says when he acts like a dictator ? 
  now bringing back the death penalty for his political enemies . 
  i and most americans do n't care at all about gulen but we do follow laws and have a belief in innocent until proven guilty . 
  turkey wants to extradite anyone they need to properly investigate and provide evidence that we can review . 
  those things take time . 
  it does n't take much command of the language if you know the right words . 
  infantrymen do n't talk much & it 's hard to hear when people are shooting etc. 
  my only point is that just because someone ca n't carry on a conversation in english does n't mean they ca n't work effectively in a combat environment . 
  shared hand gestures , tactical training etc. 
  at the higher levels of command people do speak better english and i bet many officers are pretty fluent in multiple languages . 
  i get the feeling you are equating me with my country 's government and things it has done . 
  i 'm going to be a little bit pissy here so please forgive me , but you list vatican city as your nation so , you know you all could stop raping children and shifting pedofiles around to parishes which are not warned about them before you make too many comments about human rights ? 
  just applying your own standards here mate . 
  btw i did n't downvote you . 
  thank you . 
  call me a cynic but i think the real point of keeping the eu talks with turkey alive is just to use them as way to reduce the human rights violations that are and will continue to happen there . 
  and i approve of this . 
  thank you !, 
  i have to go to work now , but i may ask some questions later . 
  i would like to ask for an english translation because i would like to share this please ? 
  i did find this : warsaw 's children : ( powi\u015ble , wola , mokot\u00f3w - districts of warsaw ) no defeat will crush freemen , no difficulty will fear bravemen , we 'll go together to the victory , when people will stand arm to arm warsaw 's children we 're going to strike , for every stone of you , capital we will fight warsaw 's children we 're going to strike , when your order will come , we 'll send enemies our fury !, 
  powi\u015ble , wola and mokot\u00f3w , every street , every house , when the first shot come , be ready , like a golden bolt in the hand of god . 
  is it correct ? 
   you assumption that nukes would n't matter in a european-russian war is still just an assumption yep but all of this is just speculation anyway . 
  i still think they are kind of useless in that if you really do use that power you lose . 
  you brought up budget and manpower issues . 
  the ww2 ex proves that a smaller more poorly equipped force can defeat a larger one with superior tactics and organization . 
  you are right that everyone uses similar tanks & tactics now so there would n't be a 1940 style upset . 
  what i am saying is that in this hypothetical no us nato it would be extremely vulnerable until a new command structure was in place . 
  we 've seen token european forces but that 's all . 
  who is going to take command and order the forces of other nations ? 
  a french or german or british or polish general ? 
  do they trust each other enough for that ? 
  the europeans have never really had to get over their issues because it was easier for all to default to us leadership . 
  a russian force of about the same size could be much more effective than one split between nationalities . 
  it actually takes a lot of training & trust for forces of different nations to work together . 
  communications are also key & i have a feeling the us provides much of that through tech and command staff . 
  nato is designed around certain us commitments and strengths . 
  if you take the us out you have to reorganize the military forces . 
  countries will have to build the equipment and train the officers to replace what the us does now . 
  the main difference of course is air power . 
  the us air force is a large and powerful force . 
  us navy air power is sometimes described as the 2nd largest air force . 
  ultimately i think there is a huge deterrent value to the us being part of nato . 
  without the us there could be a local european war but once the us in involved it becomes a global war . 
  the us can deliver airstrikes on russia from the their east for example where europe never could . 
  anyway all this speculation just started because someone else asked how the us provides a deterrent to russian adventurism . 
  i think that it is very plain for anyone to see . 
  the us military is absurdly powerful and modern when compared to other forces . 
  it 's also expensive so it would be nice if european countries could meet their treaty obligation of 2 % gdp spending . 
  lol . 
  they could n't even talk scotland into leaving . 
  the eu that is . 
  i think they 've about got them convinced to leave the uk though . 
   france had spent a higher percentage of its gnp from 1918 to 1935 on its military than other great powers , and the government had begun a large rearmament effort in 1936 . 
  [ 77 ] due to a declining birthrate during the period of the first world war and great depression and the large number of men who died in world war i , france had a severe manpower shortage relative to its total population , which was barely half that of germany . 
  to compensate , france had mobilised about one-third of the male population between the ages of 20 and 45 , bringing the strength of its armed forces to 5,000,000 . 
  [ 78 ] only 2,240,000 of these served in army units in the north . 
  the british contributed a total strength of 897,000 men in 1939 , rising to 1,650,000 by june 1940 . 
   the german forces in the west in may and june deployed some 2,439 tanks and 7,378 artillery guns , including mat\u00e9riel reserves committed . 
  [ 60 ] in 1939 -- 40 , 45 percent of the army was at least 40 years old , and 50 percent of all the soldiers had just a few weeks ' training . 
  [ 61 ] the german army was far from fully motorised ; just 10 percent of their army was motorised in 1940 and could muster only 120,000 vehicles , compared to the 300,000 of the french army . 
  the british had the most enviable contingent of motorised forces . 
  [ 61 ] most of the german logistical tail consisted of horse-drawn vehicles . 
  [ 62 ]  only 50 percent of the german divisions available in 1940 were combat ready , [ 61 ] often being more poorly equipped than their equivalents in the british and french armies , or even as well as the german army of 1914 . 
  [ 63 ] in the spring of 1940 , the german army was semi-modern . 
  a small number of the best-equipped and `` elite divisions were offset by many second and third rate divisions '' . 
  point being population and dollar amounts spent do n't tell you who 's gon na win a fight . 
  a centrally controlled russian force might actually walk all over a technically superior european force lacking us leadership . 
  as for nukes they are n't really the deterrents they were during the cold war when both sides though the other was mad enough to use them . 
  for a british or french leader to use nukes they have to be willing to see london and paris destroyed and most of their country become a radioactive nightmare . 
  russia on the other hand is big . 
  very big and people can move . 
  it 's also not like they did n't burn moscow to the ground to defeat napoleon & leave scorched earth for the nazis in ww2 . 
  it would be possible for nato to try the old limited nuclear option of only using tactical nukes , assuming they still have these in their arsenal , but they 'd be using them on friendly soil . 
  it would stop the russians but then you 've destroyed much of what you were trying to protect . 
  good point . 
  i now feel slightly better about america 's future and much sadder for my british friends . 
  in the us most of our elections are a 49-51 % split on the popular vote . 
  i personally feel trump could win with a message of racism and by being a strong man type that many people like when times are hard and uncertain and the best path forward is complicated and hard for most people to understand . 
  i feel brexit was similar and my british friends feel that their countrymen were not enlightened enough to see that despite the difficulties being part of the eu was a good thing for them . 
  i feel very bad for turkey . 
  it seems so close to being a beacon , a leader for modernization and democracy among islamic nations . 
  to show that it 's possible to take the best of liberal democracy and that it is compatible with islam . 
  yet it is caught on that narrow divide of 49-51 % . 
  tl ; dr i 'm sorry if that was not a good explanation . 
  to put it simply , i understand the situation of being very close to a good thing but 51 % just are n't ready for it yet .
