  especially because if they leave the main tourist areas they have no sense of the danger . 
  they do avoid this by traveling in groups but the traveling in groups thng is largely why they are seen as so rude . 
  they just keep their normal behavior . 
  even the hong kong people hate the mainland chinese tourists . 
  i 'm american and when asking for directions from other americans excuse me is normal unless it 's i do n't know at a bar where `` hey ! '', 
  serves the same purpose when asking where the john is . 
  did n't erdogan ban imams from giving an islamic funeral to those he says were part of the coup ? 
  also by claiming the body that would seem to make the whole family the subject of state investigation . 
  does a father claim his dead son when that will endanger his remaining children ? 
  himself and his job ? 
  i doubt the example you give is typical of the many people being buried there . 
  are you serious ? 
  there is not a single country in europe that can stand toe to toe with russia militarily even though it is weaker than during the cold war , though rebuilding . 
  they could roll over poland in a week . 
  pause to catch their breath and take a few more countries . 
  america though is a big dog that even russia does n't want to mess with and keeps them in check . 
  you have to understand that the russians would n't have to actually invade other countries to control their internal & external politics . 
  the fact that they could easily invade would enable them to control neighboring countries just as the ussr did . 
  putin has stated that the fall of the soviet union was the worst event in history and he wants to rebuild its influence . 
  then remember that the soviets did invade their own allies and warsaw pact members hungary in 1958 and czechoslovakia in 1968 . 
  those who do n't learn from history are doomed to repeat it . 
  no it 's a necessary investment to keep europe stable so we can do business with them and make money . 
  we pull out of nato and russia reasserts cold war like control over eastern europe and invades a couple countries and the economies in europe will tank which will hurt us . 
  i guess we could make some money selling weapons but it would be far less than we make by selling things like coca-cola and blue jeans . 
  it 's because that 's how it 's portrayed over here . 
  explaining the real benefits of a stable peaceful europe is difficult and it 's far easier to just sell it as look how wonderful you are american !, 
  doing all this to protect freedom for lesser beings who ca n't defend themselves . 
  now you can feel proud of our military expenditures rather than be stuck with the knowledge that it sucks we have to spend so much on this but the alternative is far far worse . 
  trump has taken the bullshit story & run with it . 
  he 's dangerous as can be & will destabilize the world if elected , but even i do n't have a problem with him calling out nato allies for not meeting their 2 % obligation . 
  you guys gave him the ammo for his political attacks on nato and i 'm a little bit pissed about that . 
  increasing military spending before november would be helpful . 
  thanks . 
  edit : to be clear i 'm horrified he suggested not meeting our nato obligations if a member is attacked . 
  yes i would guess that the estonian he spoke with was ethnic russian and he should ask them if they would favor estonia being taken over/united with russia to clarify their position . 
   burnt child dreads the fire , you know . 
  i had n't heard that expression before it 's very interesting . 
  closest i 've heard in american english is once bitten , twice shy . 
  and the reason trump is talking about not defending nato countries is because they are not living up to that 2 % obligation . 
  if , god forbid , he wins the election , europe is going to have to come to terms with a a us it can no longer count on for protection . 
  and some others ) have are really getting old . 
  there will need to be a replacement because they 're reaching the end of their life-cycle , and are technologically just getting outdated . 
  i understand the aircraft must be retired but the f-16 is still a very capable aircraft even if the latest generation is much better . 
  could denmark possibly buy some lower flight time f-16s from other countries to cover the gap until the f-35s are ready ? 
  especially considering the delays the f-35 program has had . 
  that 's a good strategy if you expect to have time to expand . 
  i 'm sure finland knows it wo n't have that time in event of another war with russia and rapid deployment to defensive positions of already well trained troops is their only chance . 
   i was talking in case of a direct attack on either country by russia . 
  such an attack is impossible unless russia first takes poland and germany . 
  so those countries provide you more defense than your nukes . 
  besides i do n't see how a leader in france or the uk would be willing to go nuclear and see paris and london erased from the face of the earth . 
  russia on the other hand ... `` fuck it we burnt moscow down once and it worked . 
  scorched earth worked against the nazis . . '' and in some cultural studies using various game theory methods russians were one of a handful of cultures that had a tendency to make choices which would hurt them in order to punish a fellow player who had hurt them before . 
  putin 's policies are hurting their economy for example but russians largely see him as being strong and are willing to suffer the sanctions just to say `` f - you ! '', 
  to the west . 
  source for the cultural bit is cultures & organization by hofstede , hofstede & minkov . 
  if i were poland i 'd make aa a priority but those systems and training are much more expensive than training ground troops . 
  it 's more economical for example for the poles to concentrate on ground forces while the us and other nato countries provide air forces . 
  as an american i think it would probably be a good investment to help the poles create a very solid air defense system . 
  but i happen to think russia taking crimea & donetz is sudetenland/czechoslovakia 2.0 and putin 's dream would be to re-establish russian control over all of eastern europe . 
  as for finland , stingers are n't nearly as effective as they used to be . 
  they have limited range and more modern attack aircraft can accurately bomb from beyond that range . 
  they would decimate helicopters though , so that 's an important deterrent . 
   literally all organised religions function this way . 
  exactly . 
  you would have to cut the catholic churches in germany off from those around the world to do what some of these people are suggesting . 
  can confirm japan , as an american i was really confused that they thought i 'd want to eat turkey , much less chicken for christmas . 
  they also described unmarried women over 25 as christmas cake which i 'd never heard of . 
  i guess that 's a british custom as well ? 
  american here we never had turkey for christmas dinner . 
  it takes a long time to prepare and parents are too busy with kids and presents christmas day . 
  turkey is for thanksgiving though it is sometimes served at large family christmas gatherings of all the parents and grandkids , but ham and or hamburgers are at least as common . 
  turkey is sometimes deep fried as part of a cookout style party . 
  tl ; dr as an american turkey is only associated with thanksgiving for me & my family . 
  never heard of it for christmas until japanese people told me that . 
  oh & they believe christmas cake is a thing too . 
  pretty sure the intelligence services are aware of any imams preaching jihad against the west and here in the us at least american muslims are the greatest source of tips on possible radicals and the community wants to be rid of them even more than most americans . 
  the problem with actually stopping all radical speech is that most of it is happening online and simply ca n't be shut down completely in a free society . 
  i do n't think even russia can do that with their police state . 
  deporting foreign imams preaching hate has been done in many places and i do think that is a good thing . 
  i know european countries have much stronger laws against nazis than the us where they are allowed free speech because of constitution and laws . 
  i do n't see how you could deport french citizens for supporting isis but perhaps they could be arrested for advocating violence ? 
  in the us we call that hate speech and you can say you are a nazi but not advocate killing jews . 
  whatever efforts are put in place need to be carefully written laws with due process or the rounding up of radical islamists could spread to all muslims and if that happens then we have basically become like the nazis and radicals we are opposed to on moral grounds . 
  white christians murder innocent people all the time and i do n't feel the need to take to the streets to condemn them because every fucking sane person does . 
  same for muslims . 
  they hate this terrorism as much as their non-muslim countrymen but what the fuck are they supposed to do about ? 
  if you do n't know a crazy likely to be terrorist personally there is nothing you can do . 
  if you want to here condemnations from muslims i suggest you e-mail a few mosques around france and ask them what they think of this attack and the others ? 
  if they all reply by condemning the attacks maybe you will be satisfied ? 
  or do you just want to believe all muslims are responsible for the actions of a few because a simplistic view of a very difficult and complex problem is comforting ? 
  people are n't kept in jail while their applications are being considered . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  many times it 's just a wise logical decision to give up on something . 
  i 've actually wasted great effort and been made miserable by stubbornly trying to fix a situation that was beyond my control . 
  as for immigration & integration it is a circumstance where given the terrorism we 've seen in europe would make one think even if we get it right 99 times out 100 the one can kill people so why even bother . 
  yep that has to be the fight she was talking about . 
  and yeah i can see how she felt he let all poles down . 
  as a pole in the us she did n't want to be associated with that behavior . 
  when i lived in japan a us marine raped a 13 yr old japanese girl .
