yep ^ ^, 
  lets hope not . 
  real refugees can still come in and register at setup border checkpoints . 
  how has he caused pakistanis , afghans ect from joining the syrians ? 
  good luck handling the flood after the croatian fence is done and they visit your way . 
  we like to cause suffering by not just letting everyone willy-nilly enter our country as they please and having the audacity to want to check/register them first . 
  got ta weed out the economic migrants and terrorists/extremists first . 
  we can send the economic migrants home , distribute the few remaining real refugees for starters . 
  but the unreal views of merkel and gang can no way work . 
  think about your mate who sat next to you in school . 
  you have a good relationship , but ofc you wont invade his privacy and respect his zone . 
  now if said friend had the bubonic plague one day , would you just sit around to get infected ? 
  if you take out the views part , their policys are mostly socailist with the view of raising average quality of life from the bottom up , and are against our military taking part in any foreign affairs . 
  just sometimes more extremist members say stupid shit that makes them look bad . 
  would n't trust them in power but they are n't all that bad now . 
  i had family that escaped in 1956 , and somehow they had no problem along with all the other refugees to wait 1 month ( ! ), 
  at the camp while the registration process was going . 
  and they also had no problem with the fact that they ahd no say in where they go . 
  hard to do your job when they break out the megaphones and start throwing bricks at you . 
  for real refugees there is the registration process . 
  hungery still registers at border checkpoints , they just dont want to cause very few of them are actually syrian . 
  a bunch of agressive self-entitled economic invaders shouldnt be let through any country into europe . 
  where in the history of the world have you ever seen refugees escaping great danger throw bricks and rocks at the accepting countries police force for trying to register them ? 
  we are n't calling in all of the reserves . 
  1 free train/1000 refugees ( + -40 handguns ) would be a pretty sweet deal . 
  trains are expensive . 
  we are already setting up another one on the croatian border , that should solve that problem . 
  within 12h of the migrant rush from croatia we already started building a fence there too , 
  yours might be , but since that fence is up on the serb border the welfare refugees seemed to avoid it pretty fast . 
  the liberals in our country are currently in fairy land or atleast someplace very far from reality . 
  by the end of this we will have our croatian , serbian and romanian border on lockdown . 
  all the best ways seem to go through us :(, 
  we have legal arab immigrants ( mostly in uni or working in educated jobs ) and when i look at belgian and german arab ghettos , i dont want that . 
  hordes of unchecked unedducated workers from a different culture and value system will do anything but good . 
  especially since they just come for the money through safe countries and most of them arent even syrian . 
  and lets not forget that these nice people illegaly force themselves on host countries and cause riots as a sign of gratitude for help . 
  you can feel free to take all the refugees we turn back . 
  they seemingly failed to assimilate ( thus living together in ghettos ) , and we dont want muslim ghettos like that . 
  there are already multiple cases of reported rape in hungary , for example a 20yo girl was raped by 3 `` refugees '' in a train bathroom and dont forget the rioting, 
  what nice people , its not good enough in this safe place so i will agressive/illegaly force myself on these here countries that are doing much better , and while i am at it let me riot , burn some trash cans and throw rocks and the police, 
  people here have no problem with different people , we have people from all over the world at our universities , from arab and african countries too . 
  its the unregulated illegal migrants , who seemingly all come from other safe countries and cause problems that most people dont like . 
  ah yess the european values of human sympathy and solidarity in letting in masses of illegal economic migrants from unchecked uneducated and unvacinated countries , who have been safe 4-5 countries before they even got here . 
  better be bashed by the media then thought of as cunts by the countries whoes borders you happen to shovel your migrants at . 
  so when they shout god is greater while throwing bricks and the evil nazi hungarian police , they dont actually mean it ? 
  serbia sells 3day visas for 50euros then transports them to the hungarian border ( or did before now ) they pretty much made a killing . 
  and what good will tons of uneducated illegal economic migrants who dont even speak the langauge do with that ? 
  we have lots of cultures combining and mixing in the eu . 
  just because we dont want a load of illegal economic migrants from pisspoor uneducated countries with totally different values to come in and think that now they have the right to all the benefits that we worked all our lives and payed taxes for . 
  showing their will to integrate by throwing rocks and concrete blocks at police and causing riots . 
  if it was a mass of ukraine refugees noone would have a problem accepting them . 
  we would have been nice and welcoming too if they didnt burn trash cans , riot and throw concrete/stones/bricks at our police while shouting allahu akbar and spreading the syrian flag , while taking some children on the front lines of the riots to make our police look bad on international media . 
  they arent even done yet . 
  some pre posts were put down marking where itt will be when done with a little razor wire wrapped around them , the fence will only be completed around end of november or early december . 
  serbia is being a cunt by letting them pay for 3day visas knowing that its enough to get them out of their hair and into ours . 
  i was in turkey a few times this year , but everyone i talked to seemed to be against him . 
  still does n't change the fact that to 99 % of the worlds male population she looks like a prune next to carmen iohannis . 
  good sex is what turns you on . 
  a fat ugly older looking woman dressed as a burrito would make any rational dude go from trunk to stump . 
  well you do n't fuck someones character now do you ? 
  and how does that change the fact that she looks like a witch from a disney movie ? 
  having to go home to that everyday helps understand why he is such a dick . 
  if you dont think a colorful well made cartoon could be more effective in a modern culture than stating a bland grey and already in effect rule by some old white guys in suits , then you just dont like cartoons i guess . 
  if the rule was stated in the news by some old white dude , it wouldnt even have made a topic on reddit , yet with the cartoon its all over the place . 
  `` we do n't condone smashing stuff in the name of religion '' is already in effect . 
  and pointing it out again would be pretty much useless . 
  a cartoon would provoke thought and conversation . 
  its more about proving a point as in : in our culture its ok to pretty much make fun of anything . 
  and if the joke sucks its less beheading and more awkward silence . 
  this simple thing that most muslims cant understand since they have indoctrinated from youth to believe otherwise . 
  the conflict is their already , and the reason its escalating is because the dumb ungrateful fucks living on social service in a first world country would rather go home and play jihad over a pile of rubble and shoot/rape some infidels . 
  a cartoon can be a lot more effective then a simple rule . 
  guess which companies payed those telecoms ministers . 
  the core stands , you still need to be trained with it to be able to shoot down a plane at 10km . 
  must have got them pretty angry , by the time they got here they were attacking the police . 
  beatings ? 
  you guys fucked with us for ages , and we like you guys a lot regardless \\ ^ ^, 
  company and campaign had sex in your brain and their illegitimate child : compagnies was born . 
  unrecognised as an official word in the english dictionary , cursed to forever roam the plains of spelling mistakes until it withers away and dies . 
  lead vehicle of soviet army got flat tire while taking berlin , had to wait till 1990 for spare so they could return to the motherland . 
  people are just dumb . 
  how hard do you have to over think shit ? 
  the brothers aged 14 and 15 said physical contact with women who were not family members was against their faith . 
  officials in therwil then told them not to shake male teachers ' hands to avoid gender discrimination . 
  its just retarded on every level . 
  `` i better not shake this womans hand or i wont get 72virgins to sodomize when i die '' `` you better not shake anyone else 's hand then or else its discrimination ! '', 
  its funny generalising racist banter , but with no irl truth or value . 
  its not a shit post , its a shitpost . 
  nope . 
  he is showing the right side of his face in the yalta picture and hiding the left . 
  one of the first shitposts . 
  politicians will always be dumb cunts . 
  i always had a great time when i visited . 
  you do n't even need to look at politics just numbers and economy . 
  well we have jobbik at 20 % and probably more next elections ... merkels migrant crisis is fuel to the fire . 
  these people are everything but liberal or western , infact pretty much the opposite culture . 
  and we didnt go around making trash and raping people either . 
  and we were an eu country getting stomped by the russians . 
  yeah the masses breaking down borders and stomping through countries were not at all the general picture . 
  eu has better shit to do then take in people from an incompatible culture by the millions .
