  it 's quite fascinating that in the post-soviet world you 're still being so friendly to russia . 
  however , this may not last long and russian government does n't seem care for some reason . 
  an unnecessary evil . 
  i 'd say us , eu , russia and china . 
  `` russia has two allies - it 's army and it 's fleet '', 
  just like your benefactors do . 
   maybe because russia government wears ussr carcass proudly ? 
  ussr bashing is a part of anti-russian narrative . 
  you know , `` ussr was russia that occupied half of the europe . 
  ussr is bad = russian federation is bad . '', 
  this post is quite convenient due to absence of any other usual `` russia is bad '' posts . 
  there 's not enough of russia hate on subreddit 's frontpage right now . 
  do n't forget music and videos . 
  back then , vk was careless about copyrights and russian people love `` halyava '' . 
   it 's rather common here with unpopular topics like russia [ so unpopular . 
   russian aviation was bombing civilians in my country source ? 
  as far as i know it was georgian military that started bombing civilians and russian peacekeepers in tskhinvali . 
   first world eu member . 
  an eu spanning from lisbon to vladivostok . 
  the us would not allow it . 
  it 's the same as accepting russia into nato . 
   why are you upset ? 
  your curator is upset because you showing signs of sympathy towards russian fascists . 
  wait , are n't they russian fascists who cheated their way to the victory ? 
  few months ago our government actually formed youth movement called \u042e\u043d\u0410\u0440\u043c\u0438\u044f . 
  only as prisoners , i suppose . 
  nazi death camps , cia torture prisons , nk forced laborers - where will poland go next ? 
   meh , start saying `` ja pierdol\u0119 '' , `` kurwa '' , `` jeba\u0107 '' , `` pizda '' , `` ni chuja '' poland is basically russia . 
   well , even if it 's almost the same language as russian , i prefer ukranian . 
  i do n't know why , but i feel more connected to ukraine than to russia . 
  let me guess , before 2014 you did n't give a shit about ukraine , probably even did n't know that it 's an independent country . 
  you are not connected to them , the media made you think so . 
  and you guys call russia nationalistic after that ? 
  wish you best of luck with that . 
  making fun of stereotypes automatically makes me a non-russian ? 
  it 's just a self-irony . 
   what can those dotas and cs really teach you , with their target audience of braindead children ? 
  no , but it covered yakutia 's part of the road . 
   do you have issues when buying stuff online that it wo n't be delivered there ? 
  we have an impressive monument dedicated to victims of repressions called mask of sorrow , it 's located on a hill and overlooks the city . 
  also there 's an exposition in the regional museum that even has actual wooden guard tower from one of the camps . 
  in the areas of the city closer to nagaev harbor there are remains of barracks where prisoners used to live . 
  everyone i know are aware that city was built by prisoners and if someone deny that he would be a fucking moron . 
  and no developed infrastructure along possible route plus permafrost . 
   why do you live there ? 
  because i was born here so it 's not that terrible to me . 
  we have higher prices but higher salaries as well . 
  in summer one can fly to moscow ( or somewhere else ) for shopping . 
   what are people social and political opinions like ? 
  a lot of russia 's typical 89 % supporting majority . 
  i just do n't discuss politics , even with my family . 
   are there indegenous siberians in that city ? 
  as i said before , we have evens , they are minority though . 
   what do they think of having to live under a russian government ? 
  region is completely dependent on the mainland , no one is crazy enough to have separatistic views . 
  me as well . 
  discovery made documentary about that road , it 's clearly not for an average folk and only truckers are using it . 
  why heli ? 
  grab 4x4 , find like-minded people and you 'll be fine . 
  none , in western russia people being surprised and asking why did i go that far . 
   how are things now in the far east ? 
  like it always was , still developing . 
   what are the job opportunities ? 
  depends on where . 
  in civil airlines you need education that you can only get in central russia . 
  educated specialists are welcome . 
   is traditional siberian culture still alive ( shamanism , deer herding , semi nomadic lifestyle ) ? 
  ca n't say anything about everyday life but there 's ener ensemble that performs in most of city celebrations . 
  yep , no trains . 
  government subsidizes prices for plane tickets but it still not what i can call cheap . 
  edit : although if you young or old enough you get a good discount . 
  do n't remember the age requirements though . 
  mainly moscow , saint-petersburg or other places in european part of russia . 
  when we travel everywhere to the west we call it `` travel to the mainland '' since the only way to leave the city is by plane . 
  couple of thousand evens . 
  i live in magadan , ama . 
  the us controls eastern europe the same way ussr did - through proxy organisation , back in the day it was warsaw pact , now it 's eu and nato . 
  just like warsaw pact there are puppet governments , involvement in politics and mass media military on the ground and even some shady stuff like blacksites ( cia prisons for example ) . 
  some of you are saying that being us ' bitch is better , but is there a place for dignity ? 
  you 're too adequate for this sub . 
   it should stop reminding them of its imperialist ways on a daily basis . 
  if us does not , why russia should ? 
  they let their hate be used as a tool of warfare against russia . 
  shame these countries did not become independent when they had a chance . 
  or had they ? 
   were no longer allies were they though ? 
  also , those parts of poland are still occupied by evil ru ... oh wait . 
  71st anniversary of victory in great patriotic war . 
   wants to be involved in our internal politics , to dictate who rules the country , wants to modify what we teach our kids , so it looks like they are the best etc etc etc. 
  so , us occupation is not ? 
  what would happen if , by some miracle , us will face economic collapse ? 
  their opinion would be different if they were not reminded every day about that . 
   because they remember 40 year occupations ? 
  more like 25 years of nato propaganda . 
  russian news channels are shit , but these people have chosen to eat that shit and it 's not for you to tell them what sort of shit they should eat . 
  the person who 've been tasked to design that billboard is definitely stupid . 
  yes , but my `` free school '' also had straight up education fee `` for additional subjects '' . 
  sometimes you have to pay for medical services in state hospitals , and teachers in `` free '' schools will collect monthly payments `` for books all all that stuff '' that will end up in administrations ' pocket . 
  social support my ass . 
   were orchestrated by yeltsin 's circle as a trigger for the 2nd chechen war but putin 's regime prefers making deals with local strongmen that 's an amusing spin , +15 .
