  the huge amount of fta 's that the eu has makes it way easier to trade with teh eu than with the usa . 
  especially if the usa wants to be protectionist . 
  do you know the problem of medians ? 
  especially comparing incomes of individuals ? 
  that 's more about the bodywork and interior than about the technical platform . 
  vw , seat , audi and skoda are able to design completly different looking cars , but all are ( mostly ) based on the same platform . 
  damn i running a few years behind with my knowledge . 
  although i am really curious which part of the ford brand was the main developer of the platforms . 
  it would n't surprise me that the development was done in europe , but the factory in the usa was earlier able to change the production line . 
  or the usa is test market for the platform . 
   the us is richer than europe does n't mean shit on individual level . 
  that 's saying that i am richer than a belgian billionaire because of the fact that the netherlands is richer than belgium . 
  and maybe ever thought of the probability that german brands are milking the luxury stereotype in the usa when charging for maintenance ? 
  from what i see around me is maintenance on vw way cheaper in the netherlands than in the usa . 
  and no , gdp of both countries mean nothing . 
   are significantly more expensive to maintain . 
  only a problem in the usa . 
  well the share amount of all asian ( japanese = asia ) cars in europe is more like 12.79 % but do n't forget that there 's a lot of competition in europe for cheap well build cars . 
  basically all european brands fight over that market . 
  so it 's not surprisingly that other brands have a lower market share if they are not able to build their cars in that market to save shipping costs . 
  still it was chrysler using the engine for us market . 
  also under chrysler is dodge . 
  does n't have dodge it 's own diesel engines ? 
  there 's a company called ford europe . 
  responsible for the ( us names ) fusion and focus . 
  there is . 
  mainly the engine , the interior and where it 's manufactored . 
  also it 's more that ford usa started fully using ford europe designs than the other way . 
  that 's because the fusion is based on the mondeo . 
  the biggest changes are the engine , the interior and where they are made . 
  that 's more because of ford usa using ford europe designs than the other way . 
  those are ( mostly mustang does n't count ) made and designed by ford europe . 
  an european company that 's located in europe . 
  hell the most popular european designs are popular in the usa . 
  the mondeo and focus . 
  one problem . 
  germany built/designed cars ( vw group , ford europe and opel ) also sell in northern europe ( finland , sweden ) , eastern europe ( belrussia , russia , poland ) , both regions with much colder harsh climates . 
  and i am not starting with southern europe or afrika . 
  so your anecdote just stays that , an anecdote . 
  your forgot helmond and geleen for the automotive parts . 
  we export a shitton of parts to germany . 
  well , he ca n't . 
  and i am also not against it , but i think it 's even better if we just fund the refugee camps we already have in africa and such . 
  problem is that some people here think that we have to copy australia exactly . 
  including the inhumane conditions . 
  i would n't call afghanistan or somalia safe . 
  and that 's why we need to invest in at least the countries surrounding the unsafe countries . 
  why is it okay that refugees camps in say libanon only get $ 1 dollar per refugee while in the eu governments spend easily $ 100 + per refugee . 
  ( amount is probably exaggerated , but it 's close to the truth . ), 
   europe does n't border any countries that are at war either . 
  * ukraine ? 
  ( because of the fact that cyprus is part of the eu ), 
  well i live in a neighbourhood with a lot of muslims . 
  and i know some of them . 
  i fucking hate the hateful comments here . 
  also it 's very hypocrite that those people say that they are defending western principles by basically destroying them . 
  yeah because refugees are not human and do n't to be treated as such / s, 
   both you and i know that that wo n't happen under the eu were offshore detention camps away from schengen legally possible . 
  i am not sure what you mean with that . 
  and the problem is that it cost money for a long time . 
  which certain countries refuse to pay because refugees are not their problem . 
   the point is to make it not worth it to attempt the crossing which also can be done by making those camps at least decent . 
  and the last time i checked australia was n't surrounded by countries that are at war . 
  see my edit . 
  forgot a word . 
  you really do n't know shit about that . 
  `` a couple of roads '' . 
  yeah keep believing your own bullshit . 
  the problem is that no-one wants to pay for the right thing . 
  the best thing to handle this is to make the countries refugees are coming from at least more stable . 
  but people are calling for reduction in development aid . 
  less money to the unhcr . 
  etc etc. 
  what do you think is happening already ? 
  do you think those boats with refugees are being found because someone on a ship looked at the right direction . 
  you are talking out of your arse . 
  you definitely do n't live nearby our national borders if you think there are only a few back roads crossing the border . 
  not a great example . 
  those camps are a disgrace for humanity . 
  great policy where they lock up people in camps where ngo 's are not really welcome and living conditions are worse than the worst funded refugee camps . 
  yes they are . 
  both have a culture that seems incompatible . 
  both are overrepresented in crime figures . 
  both refuse to integrate . 
  well at least a lower percentage do illegal stuff . 
  in the netherlands ? 
  barely . 
  which a lot of muslims / refugees will be able to say the same . 
  and does n't dispute the fact that eastern europeans are the ones that drive around drunk and kill people . 
  or are the ones that manage pickpocket gangs . 
  but because of the lack of guns means that burglars do n't need guns to defense themselves . 
  also if you did n't know . 
  if a burglar breaks in while you are at home ( which is really rare ) , the most effective way to scare them away is just letting them know that you know that they are inside . 
  well the problematic eastern europeans are still very problematic , but muslims are the new craze . 
  no one , we are not going to move goalposts . 
  you were talking about tech companies . 
  also i do n't see how uber or airbnb can even be viewed as startups . 
  besides that spotify is at least capable of being profitable , which youtube is n't . 
  and asml and nxp are not exactly old , if you think that uber or airbnb are young companies . 
  and have you ever thought about the fact that european startups and tech companies are more situated in the b2b or research sector ?
