  it 's not like those came in action after protesters stormed a building , because that did n't happen . 
  also if the shit in eastern ukraine was n't started , there would be a big chance that could vote for independence after general elections . 
  trust is a big word , but the west thinks the new government will have had new elections , if the `` russians '' in the east did n't panic . 
  ffs the old situation worked just fine for the west , so why change it so actively ? 
  yeah it was a shock when ukraine withdrew it 's candidacy for the eu , but it 's not the first time . 
  look at iceland and norway . 
  also the separatists lost a lot of credit after mh17 . 
  and what if everybody refuse to listen ? 
  the ukraine parliament was n't taken by force or violently . 
  the people just sat outside with signs for several months . 
  if you still think that your government is great , you are not sort of being a dictator . 
  * sigh * protesting is democratic . 
  if a really big group do n't want you as president you should listen to them . 
  especially if they take the time to protest peacefully . 
  and seriously , what would western countries gain from the mess ukraine is now ? 
  the western world thought what was happening in ukraine was n't normal and though that the president should have given up and let ukraine have new elections as was the big wish of a huge group of ukraine people . 
  see my other reply . 
  legal protest that was tried to be put down with violent force , but protesters fought back . 
  you should know they were already protesting for months with minimal signs of violence . 
  it 's on eu 's doorstep , usa is eu 's biggest military ally . 
  problem solved . 
  also it was not a coup . 
  depends on how you look at it . 
  indonesia was n't save for anyone with a whitish skin outside the jap camps . 
  but some things should n't have been don in the police actions . 
  that 's the problem , ca n't find the complete report on it . 
  only a news article mentioning the netherlands , slovakia and the uk . 
  the european commission and parliament are in favor of it . 
  the parliament is kind of directly voted on and have a big say in who comes in the commission . 
  however the european council is against the proposal from the commission and parliament . 
  the european council consists of mep 's or ministers of the department that 's has the right knowledge . 
  iirc only the netherlands and slovakia voted for the proposal . 
  also do n't forget the mass exodus the russians wanted . 
  it 's a mix of those reasons why eastern europe is a mixed bag when asking someone there what culture and nation they are there . 
  i know that we are pretty good at honkball . 
  but in country the netherlands the fangroup is very small . 
  it 's pretty popular in the dutch caribbean . 
  probably a combination of field hockey , tennis and korfball . 
  then you should read what i linked you again more closely . 
  tl ; dr portuguese and spanish traders tried to treat the japanese like other asian civilizations . 
  this included ( forced ) conversions to christianity , rape , murder and pressuring the japanese government to say yes on everything . 
  yeah , okay . 
  but ... 
  these small bits of history are n't that hard to learn , especially if it involves your native country . 
  your history lesson in high school ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sakoku#rationale first sentence . 
  it 's more like that japan did n't do any colonization before 1885 . 
  after some bad experiences with portuguese traders they went isolationists and only want to have limited trade with the netherlands . 
  what 's included in that rent ? 
  yeah i know vote manipulation is way worse in your country . 
  i like how good the government it is in estonia , but i do n't think e-voting is the future . 
  at least not at the safety side , and i am an it guy that loves safety . 
  but voting is done anonymously , how can you check which vote you should void ? 
  no society is 100 % corrupt free and e-voting makes vote manipulation a lot easier . 
  hell with the current system we have in the netherlands vote manipulation has occurred . 
  e-voting will make it worse . 
  not everything in it is the perfect answer for societies problem , even when the society is almost perfect . 
  problem is , how can you make it secret , communicate to computer illiterate and still make it impossible to have the criminal know that you used that option . 
  and children , that is why you should n't vote for pvv ever in your life . 
  fyi shrooms are also illegal in the netherlands . 
  too much tourists jumped off balconies to their death while being under influence . 
  but but they only have to copy . 
  copying is easy . 
   drug laws that actually make sense really ? 
  they still do n't make sense . 
  selling in small quantities and having some bigger quantities is still illegal , but you wo n't get prosecuted . 
  that 's not logical . 
  supplying large quantities to coffee shops is illegal and you will be prosecuted . 
  some us states have better legislation on that part . 
  yep but without curtain . 
  people working at the voting station ca n't see who you vote for , but can see what you are doing there . 
  you are not allowed to take a picture of your filled in ballot . 
  will make your ballot invalid . 
  in that case , get rich and fund wilders campaign . 
  will be awesome news to read that wilders is sponsored by dark skinned people :p, 
  the way we do it now in the netherlands you ca n't check if i voted for the guy that the guy with the pistol ordered me to do . 
  in no way is that possible . 
  when doing it through a pc at home , the guy with the pistol can check if you vote for the right person . 
  sorry assure should be prevent . 
  nah wilders will chase first all muslims , turks or all people coming from africa . 
  from which country are you from ? 
  problem is , you ca n't ~ ~ assure ~ ~ prevent that somebody is watching over their shoulder that they vote for the right person . 
  again a big problem an oscar-class sub ? 
  i hope that they would have learned from the kursk incident . 
  fuck you with crying about people not liking a sonic boom . 
  glass vibrating , hearing a boom and stuff like that just sucks . 
  except football , and most flags will be orange , not orange tricolour . 
  we do n't like waving national flags and singing our anthem . 
  you wo n't hear us boast when someone says something positives , at least not as much we will defend our country when you say something bad . 
  we pretty much see making a statue of someone already as worshipping . 
  also according to minorities and other anti people , worshipping our national heroes is a crime . 
  we want to the best in everything while spending zero euros, 
  orange as in the same faction that supported a dutch king to be king of england and the orange faction in the netherlands ? 
  well i live in limburg for a few months , i only would like to say goodbye to kerkrade not whole limburg . 
  that 's because he talked only with people from kerkrade , they are already full german . 
  all the time ? 
  no not at all . 
  if a russian political cartoon gets on here it gets mostly ridiculed . 
  great using political cartoons as evidence  . <, 
  examples ?
