  so why should i try to meddle with it ? 
  and this is a personal pet peeve : ok great it 's bad , but where the fuck is the against proposal ? 
  it 's easy to whine about something without trying to do anything, 
  she is indeed saying that the geoblocking regulation is not going far enough , however she is way too negative in her delivery that it seems to say that the current geoblocking regulation is worse than no regulation . 
  why all the uphieval ? 
  it 's not officially proposed , it 's clearly work in progress . 
  or are we doing going do the same thing as with ttip , getting in a huge panic before we even know what the end results could be . 
  this is just a personal blog from someone pointing fingers to some mep and saying they are bad . 
  it 's also very telling that person is pointing to the geoblocking resolution as a bad thing . 
  completely forgetting the worse situation of no regulation on that subject , which still have to be implemented with member states . 
  not only isolated warships . 
  modern dieselsubs are able to cripple ( or even basically destroy ) us carrier battle groups , without being noticed . 
  there 's something called subtitles , or at worst dubbing . 
  do n't forget that many europeans had lessons in at least 2 foreign languages . 
  that 's because uk is really bad at removing the breeding grounds of terrorism . 
  a lot of those people feel left alone and isolated . 
  and it still works great . 
  european parliament ? 
  the parliament an eu citizen can directly vote for ? 
  or what about european council , which consists of ministers/secretaries , who are chosen directly or indirectly by their citizens . 
  or what about the european commission consisting of people chosen by both the parliament and council . 
  what are talking about ? 
  there 's democracy in the euro zone . 
  1 . they are not an absolute majority party . 
  so any change you do n't like is supported by at least one other party . 
  they are the party you hear the most about it , does n't make them the most corrupt one . 
  always easy to blame one party, 
  so you are at the mercy of the company you work for . 
  great system . 
  well an ic that just goes to belgium without extra charge would be nice, 
  would n't that mean that it will be basically a rail line and not a light-rail or tram line ? 
  salty much ? 
  maybe you should go back to high school and learn again about how dutch politics work . 
  that you refuse to believe that your opinion may be less shared by other people is not my opinion . 
  and you are right with the notion that politics is mostly reactive , many of the great dutch political actions were pro-active . 
  see the forming of our constitution or education laws . 
  you are the native speaker , i am not . 
  and you think me and the other person are talking out of our asses while we show that we at least know things about your country 's politics , while you showed clearly you know nothing . 
  she is the secretary of education in your country , that makes her more than a political lightning rod . 
  why would secretary of interior be more important for the netherlands than the secretary of state ? 
  or the president ? 
  changes in education can have serious long term results , in the usa case those results will probably even worse than the sate of us education at this moment . 
  has those elections been deemed democratic by foreign nations ? 
  no that 's because he 's talking shit, 
  an argument can be objective or subjective . 
  loving something is subjective but that does n't make it magically invalid . 
  the number of political parties are a good measure . 
  and choosing between a centre person or a far right person is for one person office not being more politically divided than the netherlands . 
  that 's because it fosters only a limited amount of parties who can have a chance of winning . 
  and ivanka was there because she 's the wife of someone who was elected by a minority . 
  and basically says nothing , as maxima at leats says something, 
  i am not being dishonest . 
  it 's the literally the only party who states that . 
  if the distrust was as big as you state than that party would have been way bigger , as it would be the main concern of all those people . 
  you seem to be living too much in a bubble where people only speak of the political elite , or you are wishful thinking . 
  is montenegro a democracy ? 
  i am happy that you do n't decide who belongs in a mental hospital as it seems that you have no problems with putting gay people in a mental hospital, 
  read the name of the poster of that post and then read the name of the poster of this post . 
  it seems that reading is not your strong suit . 
  why ban you ? 
  have you forgotten in which subreddit you are ? 
  ooh conspiracy theories !, 
  fun , tell me more !, 
  ooh you are projecting !, 
  because you only look at foreign politics with your bias this means that i only think with my own bias ? 
  and why are you stating that 's a bad thing and equals to talking out of my ass ? 
  no it means that i am pretty well informed about foreign politics . 
  if you thinks being informed is being manipulated , says a lot how much you love being stupid . 
  it seems that you think that any message that 's against your opinion is propaganda . 
  your second example was definitely written as an outrageous claim . 
  hell even now it 's still an outrageous claim , as the only party claiming to bring the elite down has only 2 seats . 
  that does n't mean it 's a common perception . 
  and many of those rights were not fought for , because those in power were pro-active . 
  at least / u/sarnecka knew the name of your secretary of education . 
  it says a lot of your and probably most americans that you think that there are nazi 's in our parliament . 
  it 's also because of their competence . 
  you only have to look over our south border how it looks like when a royal family is only less than competent . 
  results of the past are no guarantees for the future . 
  the dutch royal family has ( sometimes sadly ) proven multiple times that they are not disconnected from the common people . 
  that you can post this freely is basically the proof that the royal family is not continuously praised and saluted . 
  for everything else , please remember that not everyone is the same in the netherlands . 
  you 're making such outrageous claims about every dutch people , that it 's hard to take you serious . 
  but on the otherside , the dutch royal family ( despite it 's faults ) has been very reliable and stable . 
  more stable than our national politics . 
   i love the royal family there 's surely things that you like a lot or love , that are meaningless to me . 
  that still does n't make it an unreasonable to say it . 
   they bring the country together our politics are ( probably ) the most diverse politics in the world with 13 different political parties in our `` lower house '' . 
  and it 's common to have 3 or even 4 party coalitions . 
  to just give an example how much the dutch people can be divided , but our royal family is to the outside very apolitical and a really great dude . 
   `` they are just a figurehead that represent our country '' in situations like your say , the royal can really talk seriously about those subjects , because they are the figurehead of our country and is certainly briefed by the prime minister what the parliament wants to be achieved . 
  * english royal family . 
  different family , in a different country , with a different culture . 
  why are you not in syria fighting for the people ? 
  why are you not setting how it should be done by yourself ? 
  because you do n't agree with some points people make , does n't mean they are crazy . 
  they do have one of the most trustable rockets and being trustable is the major factor for a `` manned rating '' . 
  and why the hell do you think the funding has to come only from esa ? 
  it clearly states that they will cooperate with china . 
  and besides that , 10 years is not that long . 
  it took spacex 10 years to build their dragon capsule .
