   and now there is a new law proposal that allows the dutch general intelligence , security service and military intelligence agencies to mass survey and wiretap innocent civilians . 
  was already so . 
  also this law is under heavy fire from the opposition . 
  that together with a minority kabinet , wait till it 's enacted or declined . 
   it even allows intelligence agencies to force companies to hand over their customers ' cryptographic keys . 
  where does the law says that ? 
  have read the whole law , did n't see anything saying that . 
  so this article is for now only creating panic for nothing . 
  the law is controversial and it will be interesting if the law passes . 
  also the only biggest interesting change , is that not the court but the minister needs to approve things . 
  unless it 's a journalist . 
  you got extra education for nothing . 
  do you really think that dutch tullips are only sold in europe ? 
  also if the newly ( illegal ) annexed crimea can easily fulfil russian demand for tullips , why are dutch tullips exported to russia ? 
  maybe something about the quality ? 
  what 's your take on it then ? 
  i never said that europe never does that . 
  i only pointed out that when speaking about trade between russia and europe , russia was the one that inconsistently declared most trade boycotts before mh17 . 
  and if you are salty about the trade boycotts , do n't look at europe . 
  look at your own government that fully protects rebels that by accident shot down a civilian plane . 
  so you want a third world war ? 
  please go fight in ukraine or syria and then come back to say how great war is . 
  however you forgot that 's a huge demand for dutch flowers . 
  it will take some months to change the route , but we can deal with it . 
  not sure if russia can do that . 
  europe only limited trade for a big part after mh17 . 
  russia was doing it way longer and less consistent . 
  ooh sorry , was on mobile . 
  it 's a starting point . 
  however the uk has compared with the netherlands really few cooperations . 
  the uk is not fully a schengecountry , does n't have the euro and refuses hard to even share the control over their airspace . 
  meanwhile the netherlands is part of many military permanent cooperations ( dutch and belgian navy are almost one navy ) , most of dutch airspace is controlled by an european institution located in maastricht and this will be more in the future . 
  the netherlands also has al lot of international courts etc etc. 
  add-on on the comment of / u/xeran _ : i would n't say that eenvandaag is n't really pro-eu . 
  they just do n't report that much about the eu but more on the invidual countries . 
  the buk is similar like the patriot system . 
  you need a dedicated radar vehicle , which in this case was n't there . 
  there was only one missile vehicle spotted and probably fired only with their own radar . 
  that radar does n't have the receiver for transponders and basically only gives a small blip on the screen . 
  only really well trained operators are than able to identify a plane , and that only happens rarely . 
  and i do n't think the pro-russians rebels are that well trained . 
  just take a look at one of the open air radars . 
  multiple if not all , still fly over at least one conflict area . 
  you know that there are several graduations of aa , all with a different max height . 
  also if we stopped flying over every conflict area , you wo n't be able to fly anywhere . 
  eastern and south europe tends to be cheaper . 
  however , from what i know , southern european countries have more lenient immigration laws . 
  but seriously , check first if you are even allowed inside the country , at least when staying longer than a month . 
  europe is getting with the day less and less acceptable with financial refugees ( those who `` flee '' their own country for only the purpose of having a better job-oppertunity ) . 
  and made a nice profit on it . 
  i think the difference lays more in how strict the rules are and the amount of the money being payed/received . 
  they work great in their culture , but other cultures could probably see it easy as free money . 
  you know that even the new government was n't very helpful in the beginning ? 
  because of the election ? 
  i do n't doubt that if you are going to live cheap , that you can survive somewhere in europe . 
  however mine concern if how you want to arrange your visa . 
  basically for most long term visa 's you have to have a full time job guarantee in most european countries . 
  have you did some research about that ? 
  i like how icelanders still point to the bankers , while it was also the government fault of not paying attention . 
  yeah the bankers are the first at fault , but the icelandic government was the second at fault of not good enough supervising . 
  why did the two big countries hit hard ? 
  because the icelandic government did n't even think about taking their responsibility . 
  from day one iceland was saying they would n't do anything about it . 
  well unsurprisingly the uk and the netherlands did n't like that . 
  keep in mind that both uk and the dutch government bailed out their banks to protect themselves of paying insane amount of money to other countries . 
  and how reluctant iceland was in the beginning . 
  you probably got that money from the uk or dutch government . 
  it took several years before iceland even wanted to say that they failed . 
  however iceland was the one that was supposed to look after those banks . 
  they did n't . 
  and they blamed that they were n't at fault . 
  ooh yeah , it took more than 7 fucking years when everybody got their savings back . 
  but do n't forget the first reaction of iceland . 
  they were the first to say they wo n't pay a cent . 
  and it took a court before even changing their mind . 
  so yeah , they stole it and later gave it back . 
  ooh the iceland that did n't want to pay savings that disappeared when they did n't bailout an icelandish bank . 
  claiming it was the fault of the other countries , the same countries of which iceland said to that they control their banks . 
  yeah no wonder that iceland outgrew other countries . 
  they just up straight stole money . 
  with no real clear outcome ? 
  sounds great !, 
  well you voted for your own government . 
  also the greece people showed that they know how to protest . 
  maybe a new protest to have more transparency ? 
  as long private renting is too expensive , that will keep happening . 
  so because only males and boys were killed , it 's less thing ? 
  nah you refuse to see it , that it was a really serious crime . 
  done by serbs . 
  i think you have blinded yourself when focusing only one passenger rail . 
  this track could also be very interesting for freight as trains are faster than coasters and almost as expensive per tonnage . 
  and it 's worth nothing that those banks could made the crisis go outside greece . 
  and that it in fact helped greece . 
  man up , and take acknowledge that greece was n't a victim in their own crisis . 
  yeah i know . 
  it 's a problem that 64 % , but do n't exaggerate it to 80 % +, 
  you are the one adding a 20 % markup on that report , only because you found the definition not good . 
  and as we speak about rasses , yeah you are racist . 
  you know what , you are a racist . 
  source ?
