  however you guys lack own companies . 
  own ideas to make money off . 
  that 's the difference between ( most of ) dutch it and polish it . 
  no no , we are not moving goalposts . 
  especially after you deleted your original comment and edited your other comment . 
  i would n't mind . 
  i love the czechs and the government does n't seem too bad . 
  as in i have n't heard anything bad but also not anything good about the current government . 
  i do n't think that poland would be screwed at that moment . 
  i see that poland is slowly creating their own entrepreneurs and innovation platforms . 
  it 's also vastly investing schooling , because a lot of the outsourcing need higher skilled personnel . 
  by the time that polish workers are too expensive to be used as an outsourcing worker , i think that poland would be able to be a country that has companies outsourcing to ( probably ) africa . 
  yes as basically 80-90 % of financial decisions that are made before 2008 and thus before some eu-wide financial reforms , are made by national politicians . 
  after the eu wide reforms after 2008 countries themselve were responsible for their own finances . 
  hell even today you can say that the big majority of financial decisions are made on national level . 
  the financial mess in southern europe is for 80-90 % their own fault . 
  not eu or any other country but themselves . 
  you never said it explicit , but you surely implied it . 
  why ? 
  because on their own , the amount of refugees in europe is really small . 
  and 90 % + of them have an islamic background . 
  ooh fuck off and please stay in your home if you are that afraid . 
  i refuse to let my country look like a warzone because some lunatics did some attacks somewhere else . 
  iirc there 's already some cooperation between netherlands , germany , czechia and romania in air force terms . 
  6 or 5 galaxy heavy lift airplanes are being shared between them and some others . 
  if you are from eastern europe ? 
  yes . 
  there 's a lot of incorrect stuff about it . 
  people did n't get fined for just criticizing merkel . 
  they were inciting violence . 
  and fake news is exactly what the word says , fake news . 
  nothing incorrect about it . 
  people who get angry at that label think that fake news is legit news . 
  germany is on many matrixes higher rated in freedom and freedom of press etc than the usa . 
  but hey , if you already think that you can get fined by just ` criticizing ' merkel , than you probably wo n't believe this comment . 
  so are you really advocating that because someone is voted in , that person is immune to everything ? 
  sigh , again that bullshit ? 
  52 % of americans did n't vote for that orange empty mug . 
  and democracy does n't just stop after elections . 
  well it 's clear that you are a fucking idiot with your two remarks . 
  maybe because / u/petique is just talking out of his ass ? 
  and fyi is done mostly by european countries spending less than 2 % of their gdp . 
  because the only thing that nato was used for some insane war in afghanistan ? 
  i do n't think that your comparison works in this case . 
  only because a country is not comparable with one person . 
  a country is by definition a bunch of people . 
  and in greece 's case basically everyone refused to listen to people saying that the way that greece was going , was bad direction . 
  it 's more like a group of smokers . 
  they know that smoking is bad , a lot of people advise against it and still they smoke . 
  that was greece before they had to be saved . 
  why are you saying that countries who did n't do shit that resulted in the financial mess of portugal should swallow the bitter pill ? 
  and meanwhile portugal does n't do anything . 
  you ca n't put the blame on germany or other financial stable countries . 
  portugal , greece , spain are all responsible for their own mess . 
  they were the ones applying for the euro , they were the ones who took unnecessary risks and now countries who are not responsible should pay for everything ? 
  that 's because the greece people fucked up , you ca n't blame that on refugees . 
  that 's because it 's not something , it will be a process that still will need years even generations to work . 
  the same goes for a lot polish people in the netherlands . 
  even if the value goes up , does n't make it stable . 
  and that 's why almost nobody want their salary in bitcoin because ti will mean that their salary is not stable . 
  even if it 's up for teh day you get your salary in bitcoin , but goes down when you have to pay the bill ? 
  crimea ? 
  yeah cool that your savings can double in ~ 6 months . 
  means also that prices can rise , and while you lose your savings there 's no guarantee that prices will go down . 
  really you think that eu forces = = german forces ? 
  you are really stupid . 
  eu is more than only germany and their forces are not the best equipped right now , but more budget is coming and if the war in afghanistan , which is a nato war triggered by the usa ( not eu ) , proofs anything is that you can beat a better equipped armies . 
  but even then the german forces are quite capable . 
  the funding target does n't tell anything about how good a countries forces are . 
  with a lot of corruption it 's easy to reach the 2 % and still having a bad army . 
  easy solution is raising tax on uk exports . 
  ooh the currency where you can lose 30 % of your savings in one afternoon ? 
  may i remind you that the uk mostly was the one blocking proposals trying to solve stuff and that it was the uk pushing for expansion to get access to cheap workers in ee . 
  than you are still missing the third and probably most powerful pillar . 
  the council . 
  which is filled with ministers from your country . 
  people you voted on . 
  a few problems with your argument . 
  * quite a lot of the large industries in the uk are tied to eu but not tied to the uk . 
  for example banking . 
  * having different regulations can make it more expensive and thus less likely to want to trade with the uk . 
  also it does n't mean that for uk exports that there wo n't be any eu regulation , as long they are being exported to the eu . 
  it 's not like eu regulations stops existing . 
  * basically since the uk entered the eu it got a special treatment . 
  and the uk still keeps complaining , thus people and politicians are now done with the uk . 
  making it more likely that people care less about how it impacts them , but more how ( badly ) it impacts the uk . 
  in the end i really doubt that this gives the uk a better stance . 
  i think it makes the uk stance only weaker . 
  like you can move 59 % of your exports to somewhere outside the eu overnight . 
  i doubt it . 
  it 's pretty much certain that now uk 's economy will shrink , perhaps even implode when triggering art50 . 
  thus making the uk even a less desirable trading partner . 
  meanwhile the eu will be probably kinda stable ( a lot of elections coming up ) and is a huge trading bloc . 
  are you sure ? 
  uk exports 58 % off all goods to other european countries . 
  cancelling any opportunity to the eu single market will means that this will take a huge hit . 
  not talking about how banking and other big uk sectors are basically attached to the eu . 
  fuck off with your nato payments . 
  first it 's a guideline , secondly you 're overestimating russian forces and underestimating eu forces . 
  and ever heard of fta 's and all the treaties that make the eu ?
