  unless you fully support everything that the american government does . 
  european men are over proportional represented as child rapists in europe , so let 's close every pool for every men in europe !, 
  he rather keeps living in his own world . 
  where europe is getting overran by `` scary '' mooslims . 
  he ca n't proof it that it those people are muslims , only that `` majority in prison '' are first or second generation immigrants . 
  but hey , he is in his own world where immigrants are equal to `` scary '' mooslims . 
  has foreign policy included the idea , that if this happens mobilization will be huge . 
  you want it to be it like that , but that 's not the truth . 
  small lines of codes are indeed undefendable in court , but large bits of codes are easy to defend . 
  because the patent is going to behave like copyright . 
  however we are talking then more about complete programs . 
  also ever thought that the patent holding companies in non-bric countries are making money of that growth ? 
  as long stuff is worth protecting , they will be protected by companies . 
  it wo n't be suddenly open source for everyone . 
  even in software , patents are still the key . 
  although it 's true that it does n't work on a single line of code , but multiple lines of code are easy to get a patent for it . 
  also maybe you do n't notice , still a lot of things are physically build . 
  and that will continue far in the future . 
  ooh really ? 
  then explain to me why eindhoven region is considered to be the biggest innovation region because of patents , amount of smart people living there and the huge sums of money coming from foreign technology companies ? 
  and i strongly disagree with you . 
  because if you look at patent density , usa does n't comes close to a lot of european regions . 
  i do n't agree with you that startups are a good measurement of innovation . 
  the amount of patents made every year is in my opinion way better measurement and then you wo n't see a lot of the regions you just stated . 
  eindhoven area ( second highest density in the amount of patents per citizen in the world ) , amsterdam ( home of the biggest internet exchange in the world ) , warsaw ( hugely popular for programming , able in doing better work than india and not much costlier ) . 
  you should look further than your nose . 
  you know that europe has several smaller silicon valley like areas filled with lesser known companies right ? 
  who produces and researches the machines that intel , amd and samsung need for their chips ? 
  a huge dutch company called asml , or what about bluetooth or most modern nfc chips ? 
  innovation is n't only something for the big known silicon valley companies . 
  hell even in patents silicon valley are way behind the eindhoven area . 
  but hey let 's continue only usa can innovate circle jerk, 
  you can achieve the same thing with organizing huge protests . 
  violence will and is never acceptable . 
  ooh yeah , shooting more people is going definitely going to work !, 
  there have been vandalism , threats and small fights against immigrants in sweden before the migration crisis . 
  it 's sad to see that people can think that violence solves everything . 
  ehm yes ? 
  that 's because of the high population density . 
  what i am more proud of as a dutchie is that we do n't really have an urban sprawl around a few cities . 
  the government tries to spread the population out as much as possible . 
  this resulted in a lot of bigger villages . 
  aah yeah , like i said the sudden reports about ` big ' antisemitism . 
  you know that this is an agency that basically promotes immigration to israel . 
  it 's basically their work to increase immigration numbers . 
  also all those reports are from israelian sources , but in europe reports do n't conclude the same thing . 
  do you have proof for that ? 
  iirc the only thing that 's on the rise is the amount of reports of racism on all sides while studies says that racism is declining . 
  meh , there will be suddenly again more reports about anti semitism . 
  israelian news outlets screaming murder and fire about the `` bad '' situation of jews in europe etc. 
  damn . 
  need to brush up my geography skills, 
  * indonesia . 
  no problem , they were once a subject of us and they can be that again if we want that . 
  what have we done as dutchies to be less liked ? 
  that was n't the only factor . 
  it was a big factor for sure , but the people willpower was a way bigger factor . 
  in the netherlands , netflix supports ideal . 
  a really secure system that 's basically a direct bank transaction , only made easy . 
  you only need to proof with your bank security details that you are paying . 
  for the rabobank it means you need to have an account there and the rabo scanner . 
   said this altitude and radar signature are still two unavoidable information . 
  if the crew is sufficient trained . 
  i doubt the terrorists were trained in more things than firing the goddamned thing . 
  also thanks for the information !, 
  well i know that mcb ( a big steel/iron wholesaler ) is n't that keen on chinese steel . 
  a few weeks back they send back a shipment of several tons , because the quality was n't as stated in the contract . 
  ooh ffs . 
  there 's an official report form all countries involved in shooting down mh17 . 
  that report states the following : * before the flight , there was debatable evidence if the terrorists were able to shoot down planes at the height of 10km . 
  * the plane is shot down by a buk rocket . 
  * it 's most plausible that buk rocket was fired within terrorist held area . 
  note : feel free to read terrorists as terrorists , rebels , pro-russian rebels , freedom fighters or any name you want . 
  only the whole buk system can do that . 
  it operates in a similar way as the patriot system . 
  for best way of operation you need a ( mobile ) base station ( preferable coupled to the country 's normal permanent radar system ) , one or two mobile radar stations and then multiple launching systems . 
  big difference with the patriot system , is that the buk system has launching platforms which can operate individually with a basic radar system . 
  that radar system does n't see transponders or really differentiate between planes . 
  they are just dots on a screen . 
  with how fast things are going in the benelux when talking about military stuff , it would n't surprise me if luxembourg would have a shared military with belgium and netherlands within 50 years . 
  they use the empty office buildings already for emergency living space for those who have already a permit . 
  but before that coa prefers a location that can be isolated easily . 
  a random office building is not good at that . 
  completely wrong . 
  yes it 's true that a minister can overrulle , however it is far better to have a good relationship than just forcing it . 
  hell it basically never happened . 
  also , villages are not chosen over cities . 
  it just happens that villages have the best spaces for this . 
  empty big buildings which can be easily isolated . 
  an empty office building in the city does n't really have that . 
  also the cities are encouraged to set up emergency housing for those who got their permit , something that also really counts . 
  you know that europe do n't really have problems now with guest-workers but with real refugees ? 
  excuses were made . 
  with mh17 everything was done by russia to spin the story away from the truth . 
  i like the second option , are you one of those people moving the lego ? 
  how the fuck did i miss or forget that ? 
  well as logn as i do n't have to pay for it . 
  i am just a poor student . 
  ooh that 's a walk in the park . 
  also who is going to supply enough lego for 10 miles ?
