  so that project is kinda a failure . 
  it would n't surprise me that cargo to indonesia or any other south-east asian country will be unloaded in singapore from the huge ocean boats to much smaller coast freighters . 
  also the netherlands and australia were ready to take over the mh17 crash area by force , when the rebels were being a pain in the ass . 
  well the nazi 's tried to do it , but the war was more important . 
  look , the nazi 's were/are bad people , but there 's a limit of shit you can put onto them without being the boogeyman self . 
  you would be surprised how few of those cemeteries were destroyed in ee . 
  but hey if you to believe that the nazi 's were really succeeding at destroying everything that has a relationship with jews , be my guest . 
  maybe some , but not all . 
  sued not arrested . 
  and he lost the case . 
  keep on dreaming the impossible . 
  well it 's a local conflict near the eu , with a country that clearly favored the eu . 
  which makes it this local conflict , a conflict between two super powers . 
  that is n't a local conflict anymore, 
  maybe you should visit a few mosques and then report back . 
  ever seen how expensive those stuff are ? 
  that 's because the tech that 's developed in europe is n't really used by consumers , but by other companies/organisations . 
  this does n't mean that the high tech industry is smaller than the one in the usa . 
  animals = / = people . 
  also how much exposure is needed ? 
  are those realistic values ? 
  welp that 's a typical american for you . 
  criticizing something means that everything is bad . 
   cars making a turn ( especially a right turn ) will easily overlook a cyclist you know that people have eyes on a head that can turn right ? 
  people are not blind , they only need to be taught that there are paths there . 
  and even then , there 's no difference in overlooking a cyclists if they are on a separate path or on the same road , because those people do n't even look . 
  i am not sure where you are from , but do n't think that a country that takes cycling very seriously that they design bad solutions . 
  how has that to do with this ? 
  look at crime rates of the netherlands and how many incidents there are in dutch prisons . 
  than you will know that you are full of shit . 
  and that 's why you get your downvotes . 
  nobody is forcing doctors . 
  anyone can refuse to be part of this . 
  and this system does n't abandon anyone that thinks about suicide , like the current system does . 
  ok we are seeing both the same wikipedia page . 
  only you did n't go further than the first paragraph , which explains it completly different and does n't state any requirements . 
  also still , if you want to talk about definitions you should keep in mind that there can be multiple definitions about something . 
  and the eu defines single market as a market that includes freedom of movement . 
  so you can keep complaining that it 's not the `` right '' definition , but the eu is in charge about their single market and the definition of it . 
  then maybe you should n't completly misquote a wikipedia page and then not including a direct link . 
  wow , good for you . 
  you fully understood one sentence of my comment !, 
  i like you say it 's wikipedia copypasta , but does n't include the direct source !, 
  also the wikipedia page i am reading , the part of the unified market is completly different :  a completed , unified market usually refers to the complete removal of barriers and integration of the remaining national markets . 
  complete economic integration can be seen within many countries , whether in a single unitary state with a single set of economic rules , or among the members of a strong national federation . 
  for example , the sovereign states of the united states do to some degree have different local economic regulations ( e.g. 
  licensing requirements for professionals , rules and pricing for utilities and insurance , consumer safety laws , environmental laws , minimum wage ) and taxes , but are subordinate to the federal government on any matter of interstate commerce the national government chooses to assert itself . 
  movement of people and goods among the states is unrestricted and without tariffs . 
  and it 's cool that you point at the definition of wikipedia for single market , and if the eu has decided that the definition of a single market includes all four freedoms . 
  then you can keep screaming and kicking about other definitions , but you will lose it . 
  that 's the only thing you are able to point at ? 
  you know that 1992 is 24 years ago ? 
  no-one is saying that . 
  and fyi many european countries were against the war in iraq . 
  well if maybe russia stopped being shitty , threads like these will not exist . 
  really , where ? 
  and mind you there 's a big difference between free trade and a single market . 
  from what i understand , they will use the same procedures as for the very ill persons . 
  that means that a psych evaluation is surely included . 
  aah yeah , the same country that was too lazy to regulate their own banks . 
  those regulations were worse than many on the european continent . 
  and when the shit hit the fan , all they did was cowering behind their chairs . 
  not caring about the damage their own banks did to people outside their country . 
  awh cute , thinking that culture never changes . 
  or that there is a perfect german culture . 
  do you know why he is kept out of coalitions ? 
  and why do you point to an incident from quite awhile ago ? 
  the netherlands is not the country where attacking legal polish migrants is apparently normal . 
  and how much of that 40 % is stuff that 's impossible to grow inside the uk ? 
  it can be easily be used for `` singling out foreigners for xenophobic reasons '' . 
  so yeah nobody is overreacting . 
  the density is not that bad . 
  20 people per km ^ 2 more than the whole of the netherlands . 
  also are all those people farmers ? 
  nope , so what the terrain is , is not really important . 
  we have the technology to build on it . 
  why ? 
  ooh nice . 
  so this also means that more stores get terminals ? 
  i am regularly in germany and so many stores only accept cash . 
  however the same thing is already achieved with debit cards , even in our neighbours like germany and belgium . 
  although both are kinda behind in their ways of offering online payment solutions or paying by nfc . 
  they are on an island in a bad living situation . 
  only the island is inside the eu . 
  from what i can find in their yearly report , nope not really . 
  unless you think the pay for free travel of students is subsidizations . 
  however the company/institute responsible for all commercial rail ( not train !, 
  ) , prorail , is more a governmental department than a separate company . 
  a large part of that are ( sometimes ridiculous ) safety measures and protests against them . 
  well first , i can ask you the same . 
  secondly , living in a city makes it really easy to meet those people . 
  so all i know is talking with female muslims that i met . 
  by giving education and show that people have a choice in western countries . 
  but do n't forget that there 's no big problem . 
  only a minority are being forced to wear it . 
  what ? 
  because you do n't see it here or on your news sources , means that muslims are not upset by it ? 
  and i like how you stretch my opnion into a territory , i never commented on . 
  i do n't say that immigrants should n't integrate . 
  and how do you know that i am socialist ?
