  yeah , i am just admitting my fault . 
  i would love if they do the same in my country . 
  i do n't mind the clothing , but i like to talk to a face not a piece of dress . 
  my bad for not reading . 
  my bad for not reading . 
  fair enough , however are all face covering clothing forbidden in lombardy ? 
  the netherlands did that before ww2 . 
  the netherlands does n't do that anymore , you know why ? 
  the huge amount of flak the dutch got about how succesful the germans were in killing all the jews in the netherlands . 
  really ? 
  majority are terrorists ? 
  i doubt that . 
  so they are war zones . 
  how happened that . 
  ooh wait they are occupied by a foreign country who treats every citizen of the occupied zone as terrorists . 
  enjoy the same rights ? 
  they are not allowed to group up in public while israelis are allowed to do that . 
  also built a wall at it 's borders ? 
  bullshit , it built a wall on what israel want for itself . 
  going through palestinian ground , splitting villages and making it hard for arabian children going to school . 
  and the separation on sidewalks was not only at checkpoints ( hell even at checkpoints that 's pretty racist ) but at random roads for the whole road . 
  apartheid has the meaning in its word . 
  apart = separation . 
  what does the israeli government ? 
  separate arabs from anyone else by building walls , have them require to walk on opposite sidewalks and forbid them to form larger groups than 3 people . 
  and you do n't call that apartheid ? 
  so you do n't like something and thus only solution is not trying to talk about . 
  hmm not too bad 7th place , a little bit better than 11th of avarage netherlands . 
  the problem is the word overweight . 
  having a little belly is already overweight . 
  and besides it 's a small group who think that it 's more than a source of hope and guidelines . 
  if you pay the travel , i would love to visit . 
  so building walls to split families , demanding that arabs walk on another sidewalk and having children wait several hours in the burning sun because soldiers could n't be arsed to open a gate on a road towards a school are n't tell tale signs of a new kind of apartheid . 
  than i have no idea what it should be called . 
  and do n't forget how israeli 's tend to fight back . 
  basically introducing a new apartheid and bully arabs who live in israel . 
  both sides are wrong as fuck , only israel is rich and supported by the usa . 
  they also like to overplay the victimcard . 
  i think that the time is right to bring this book back . 
  more and more people that survived ww2 have died and with them their stories . 
  this will give newer generations a chance to understand why ww2 happened and how to avoid it . 
  and could be easily interpreted as israel did everything it could , but those arabs refuse anything !!!! 1 !, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3urh8c/israel_suspends_contact_with_eu_bodies_over/cxhj1qu read this comment . 
  but hey , you ca n't be critical against israel because then you are being anti semitic, 
  this is not state aid . 
  state aid only happen to protect a national company against other foreign companies . 
  in the netherlands any big company can sit together with the belastingdienst ( the dutch tax department ) to get other tax rates . 
  as long the hq is going to be registrated in the netherlands . 
  there 's no rules/laws against it . 
  and it just happens that the netherlands is one of the best in this practice . 
  in my opinion , we can only start talking about this when there are eu laws lay down a very stable minimum tax . 
  what branch is that ? 
  and why did you state 80 % ? 
  do n't have access to a decent pc to research all the stuff , but i am more and more thinking that you are bullshitting, 
  sounds like you are a bad business owner . 
  as a business you do n't have to pay 21 % vat , and a lot of personal stuff can be put under business expenses . 
  also 80 % on what ? 
  no not really . 
  the dutch government do n't want to lose the income it gets now . 
  secondly this is also a principal thing . 
  since when is the eu in charge of how a state does it taxes ? 
  i would like to help !, 
  why so many police forces ? 
  why not give fbi the ability to arrest anyone if one of the other federal agencies want to arrest someone ? 
  and philips had it 's whole r&d in eindhoven , the netherlands . 
  it makes it more difficult to trade outside of iceland , which can harm the economy in the future . 
  the treaty that was signed was to protect the taxpayer , at least the ones using that bank . 
  no is the truth . 
  iceland and icesave signed a treaty that would allow icesave to operate in the uk and netherlands . 
  however iceland is responsible for everything if the bank failed . 
  iceland refused to that in the beginning . 
  they only acted because both uk and netherlands threatened to take iceland to court and other political pressure . 
  we are not talking about money from investors but normal savers like you and me . 
  we are not talking about investments but normal day savers like you and me . 
  this is the same country that if they got their way , they would have make multiple millions euros of eu savers disappear . 
  limburg has hills and those are doable . 
  mountains on the other hand ... 
  esa is basically the example of teamwork between private enterprises and governments . 
  majority of the budget of the esa comes from those enterprise and relatively compared with any other space agency they do the most commercial launches . 
  * austerity is used to borrow less money , because you cut spending . 
  and less spending , means less borrowing . 
  * since when has the eu has a say in an independent country ? 
  you know that greece could also refuse the packages . 
  * companies will invest in countries as long they are stable !, 
  especially if they can have factories and such at low costs . 
  * and again greece has two options . 
  go bankrupt and pretty much kicked out of eu or accept the packages and the rules with them . 
  austerity works because you strive to borrow less money . 
  also debt was dealt with in those packages . 
  hell on several occasions the debt was lessen by those packages . 
  do n't think austerity as punishments . 
  and also do n't think eu should pay all the debt . 
  it was n't eu fault that greece loaned that much and actively hid it . 
  and companies would invest in countries when they show they wanted to work on their debt . 
  greece proved they did n't want to do anything . 
  what is happening now with greece and eu is not only punishment . 
  austerity works , especially on the long run . 
  if not ireland , spain and portugal should not see any growth now . 
  however they do now . 
  fyi greece was reasonably free when they wanted to implement any measures .
