  something is n't right . 
  they are strict for a good reason . 
  i would n't call the extreme at all . 
  the only source i have , are newsarticles about the attacks in paris and brussels saying that the guns came from a supplier in germany . 
  if all legal guns were only sold to legal owners within europe , there should n't be any illegal guns in europe . 
  as smuggling over the outer eu borders is quite difficult . 
  however the point is that it 's easier to buy an ( illegal ( for the dutch law ) ) gun outside the netherlands than within the netherlands , while not leaving the eu . 
  ehm , from what i hear from friends and relatives in the dutch police , a lot ( if not most ) guns that are used in the netherlands , are/were legal in other european countries . 
  and thus were legally required in those european countries . 
  and some individuals who were in contact with the attackers in paris and brussels . 
  the european gun laws do n't work perfectly . 
  iirc the guns that were found in the netherlands by some terrorists were legally bought in other european countries . 
  guns that are illegal in the netherlands . 
  security is something that works best with layers . 
  one layer is equal to no layer . 
  i like how refugees ca n't be legal immigrants . 
  no , everyone coming from war zones in small boats have to be illegal economic refugees . 
  you do n't shit about anything happening , so shut your racist mouth . 
  are n't those just not called immigrants ? 
  well , think again . 
  what 's the biggest problem in europe ? 
  than why does the usa still exist ? 
  the american dream is also a big justification of horrific shit . 
  aah / r/worldnews , great source . 
  maybe you should read this thread more . 
  local sources say that the person was mentally ill and under influence of drugs . 
  and was a full native german . 
  as long the arabic word for god is mentioned or they think it 's mentioned , then they come from everywhere saying that islam is bad . 
  they are like a lp that keeps hanging . 
  you know this guy is a german with german parents and grandparents ? 
  or did you see the arabic word for god and then stopped thinking ? 
  how can you be sure that this is n't just a lunatic ? 
  everybody can just scream aluhha akbar . 
  what the hell has this do with the news that a crazy german attacked other germans . 
  itt : people wanting to say : ` see , islam is bad ' without knowing shit about what happened . 
  wait what ? 
  clouds ? 
  please no , i am quite enjoying the warm weather . 
  still cars ? 
  yeah it 's almost useless to rationally discuss about it . 
  although i suspect that / r/romeneverfell is a bitter american with no knowledge how international politics work . 
  maybe you should retake your math classes . 
  it 's only 2,4 times the total of all the others . 
  but keep in mind that other countries do n't have to the same strong economy , but are growing fast thanks to organisations like the eu and nato m, 
  first nato is not only the usa . 
  secondly , what 's not positive about having more military available for nato ? 
  or that those countries view any other country in the nato more positive and are willingly to do more trade and cooperation with those countries ? 
  nah let 's just keep repeating to ourselves that only the usa has a military and russia is a bad guy . 
  really ? 
  so the other european countries that were occupied by soviet russia should n't have been helped ? 
  should just be occupied again by russia , against their will ? 
  do you blame them after what most them have been through when soviet russia occupied them ? 
  also this `` brilliant '' analist completly forgot the positives of letting these countries into the nato . 
  in this case , worker rights go before consumer rights, 
  what 's reasonable for you then ? 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  let me guess . 
  your proposal is to close all borders . 
  discriminate against everyone who are not from christian country ? 
  well somehow somewhere czechia has a special place in dutch hearts . 
  probably a combination of similar culture/people , cheap ( great ) vacation spot and helping the dutch national football team to the next round in an european football championship . 
  a treaty is always about politics . 
  especially if a treaty ( the rome one ) establishes an intergovernmental conference . 
  basically the creation of the procedure how an eu proposal guideline/law goes through the many authorities of the eu . 
  authorities being : eu council , eu parliament , eu commissions and eu court of justice . 
  the maastricht treaty does n't only establish the euro . 
  it also consolidate many previous treaties into one . 
  this means that the eu as an organisation got more power , because many individual organisations were put under the eu structure and thus gave the eu power and the eu gave more power back to those pillars . 
  ^ ^ ^ iirc ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ maastricht ^ ^ ^ treaty ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ made ^ ^ ^ art. 50 ^ ^ ^ possible tl ; dr the rome treaty created an intergovernmental organisation with a say in national affairs with a focus on economic affairs , the maastricht treaty gave it a real name and power and removed the economic focus . 
  also maybe you should go into an argumentation about the usa with the same curiosity and calmness as this discussion , i doubt that you like being a regular on / r/shitamericanssay, 
  if there 's information on it , it would probably be in polish . 
  as i do n't speak/write/dance ~ ~ speak ~ ~ polish , i am not able to correctly analyze if an article has bias or is correct or ... 
  well , that 's basically the kicker . 
  the uk signed for it in the treaties of rome and maastricht . 
  also just noticed your username , what 's happening/happened to you ? 
  not just a while ago you were a regular on / r/shitamericanssay with spewing a lot of shit , but now you are being very reasonable . 
  they are hard to predict , but chances are that uk will be having way harder time than the eu . 
  in that case , is there proof of polish supermarkets trying to get the same loan ( or a smaller one for the same reasons ) . 
  and if not , why ? 
  if the uk economy crashes , than you can surely say that security provided by the uk military will heavily go down . 
  not / u/littlerecordings 1 . 
  the eu is not as authoritarian as any other national government . 
  learn about the eu parliament , eu commission , eu council and eu court and please explain to me how the eu is more authoritarian than any other democratic national government . 
  while as the uk has the right to criticise the eu and the same goes republicans about us politics , there 's a difference between criticizing and whining . 
  for many eu countries and their citizens , the uk critizations became just whining and hypocritical . 
  for example the uk was one of the biggest proponents of extending the eu to east europe . 
  but now it suddenly became something bad that the eu forced upon the uk . 
  no it does n't mean shit . 
  or do you leave anything immediately when you do n't like something ? 
  seriously ? 
  you think the eu wo n't affect the uk after leaving it ? 
  the biggest trading block of the uk , basically all the closest neighbours ? 
  ffs being critical does n't mean leaving the eu at all . 
  stop with spewing bullshit . 
  english is not my native language . 
  so saying that i do n't know jack shit because i did n't use the correct english word , is pretty petty . 
  and i may misremembered the exact accuracy , but computers are great at basically everything that involves mathematics . 
  so do n't just dismiss anything on your assumption that there too many variables . 
  the problem is not the amount of variables but how quickly those variables can change or the inaccuracy of those variables because measuring them is not easy . 
  if every mrl system can shoot single rockets at supposedly better accuracy .
