  you know you linked to an article in a book over history of american 's military ? 
  and that the article itself is pretty old , and links to older stuff ? 
  and that it state only one theory ? 
  do n't forget , propaganda and pr are parts of social studies . 
  those almost never have one theory . 
  i am sorry , but your link to a definition that could easily be outdated . 
  and your presented definition is the conclusion of the writer of the article , after reading only one article over the subject . 
  but yeah , pr and propaganda are close related . 
  but please get of the pedestal that you never can trust press releases from a western country . 
  are you sure it goes outside of only presenting them ? 
  every organisation has it own team to counter negative attention . 
  hell every person does that by itself . 
  and besides official press-releases i do n't see people glorifying nato , something that the russians keep doing over their own country . 
  jezus christ . 
  since ww2 there is a difference . 
  pr is more a pull method to present yourself , propaganda is more a push method to present yourself . 
  and no , both are not meant to alter the truth . 
  and that 's only because there 's no one ultimate truth , only facts and interpretations . 
  it only says that they work a lot of hours , it does n't say how hard they work in those hours . 
  did n't saw any big demonstrations against corruption in greece ( before greece felt the pain ) , like there were in the uk against the war in iraq . 
  also when the lie became known the labour party was punished for it in the next elections . 
  that did n't happen in greece until now . 
  also do n't forget , labour party is n't that much in favor of any intervention . 
  so things changed , greece did n't change for years after it became a problem . 
  also uk does n't have deep ingrained corruption , tax evasion and fucked up social security systems . 
  uk did n't wait with reforms till the last day . 
  however you seem to ignore the biggest problem . 
  that there are still big problems being cause how the greece population think . 
  and it does n't seem to change and they blame everything they do on their government or even eu . 
  a majority voted for the now government . 
  so greece = = greece government . 
  that is democracy and get used to it . 
  about the bribes , it happened in greece so it 's greece problem . 
  it would become a huge judicial shitstorm if countries suddenly applied their laws in others country . 
  please stop expecting the unrealisable . 
  that same small kiosk owner watched the other way when a greece politician took a free newspaper , other wise that same small kiosk owner had to pay taxes . 
  no it 's not a minority government . 
  they work together with anel and together they have 162 seats of the 300 . 
  that 's a pretty big majority . 
  and if you do n't like democracy , feel free to move to russia or belarus . 
  then how is syriza is the leading party ? 
  ooh wait , most of greece voted for them . 
  supported since at least 2000 . 
  even on village level corruption was in full sight . 
  a restaurant did n't had to pay taxes , as long the leading party could have meetings for free . 
  same for a hotel somewhere else . 
  this is re-reported by greece national media and you feign ignorance ? 
  and what if that 10m + nation actively supported the bad things ? 
  awh c'mon do n't act like this is news from after 2008 , this was already known before 2008 . 
  and no , this does n't come from sensationalist news . 
  you refuse to see the fact that greece public sector was way too big . 
  you refuse to acknowledge that corruption is rampant in greece . 
  you refuse to pay taxes . 
  end of story . 
  well your first line is exactly the eu does n't care . 
  turkey is looking to eu for solutions but does n't do anything about it . 
  hey , do n't look at me . 
  the dutch military gets lynched for less every time srebrenica comes up . 
  how many refugees have turkey accepted in the previous yours ? 
  have made them full citizens ? 
  also why are turkish people in the netherlands orso if turkey is so perfect ? 
  welp , did n't know that the turkish pm wanted that badly to be a radical muslim . 
  proof ? 
  very different , those soldiers could n't do anything . 
  those turkish soldiers have artillery , air support and tanks , but the government do n't want to do anything across the border . 
  srebrenica were dutch soldiers against a fully equipped army . 
  well it worked for the icelandic people . 
  apparently that it did n't work for the rest of the eu is not applicable . 
  maybe , but iceland made some big enemies by only helping their own citizens , while the same bank was responsible for fucked up shit in other countries . 
  explain ? 
  nos is also doing nieuwsuur and eenvandaag . 
  both are internationally respected . 
  no newssource is 100 % reliable . 
  however they are still the best available in dutch and are one of the best on a worldly scale . 
  welp , greece was wasting money on everything ... and then the dutch are complaining that the military as it is now , is still too expensive . 
  do n't know . 
  military is pretty much a good place to keep people employed and having a great source of good trained people . 
  and laws that makes sense . 
  and that corruption was way less normal . 
  just stating information from several dutch newssources ( nos and rtl7 ) . 
  also you already see the problem with pensions . 
  your greece employer does n't pay it 's part . 
  that 's a greek problem , that has to be solved . 
  and do n't forget , your tax agency was really lax and corrupt and there seems to be only little improvement . 
  i know that 's difficult , but the information i had was that greece still had n't reformed . 
  properly the correct information is that there are still too much loopholes . 
   that 's nonsensical . 
  if it 's easy to lower the amount pensioners get , then it 's easy to `` reform the pension system '' because at its core that 's what pension reform implies : a lowering of the amount pensioners get across the board . 
  the problem with the greek system is that people are instead of being fired , go directly into the pensionsystem . 
  even when they are younger than the minimum official age . 
  and the official minimum age is way lower than eu average . 
  iirc it was only 55 . 
  if that is n't reformed , you will keep getting cuts in pensionpayments because the amount of people keep growing too fast . 
  yes both have the same outcome : the government spend less on pensioners . 
  however one is only for short term , the other is for long term . 
  that it has implemented does n't mean that those reforms are supported by the greece people . 
  one big reform that had to be done from the beginning , the pension reforms , are still not implemented . 
  only the easy step of lowering the amount pensioners get , is implemented . 
  and do n't forget , greece was also the only country that needed so much reforms . 
  only because greece made for way too long , policies that are not healthy .
