  besides there 's a bigger chance that a healthy greece will more profitable than those loans . 
  because it 's between democratic states , there can be a recompense for trying hard . 
  there was no recompense , because the people that elected the leaders of the creditors states did n't think that greece did anything . 
  now those people can feel that it 's a good idea to let some debt go . 
  so the leaders may think the same . 
  and do n't forget , it 's not great to have a greece that is always having trouble paying it 's debt . 
  a healthy greece is always better . 
  not for long times , but they send money back to their parents . 
  and in vacations they come back . 
  so the money flows back . 
  and no , the majority of eastern europeans are not unskilled labourers . 
  there 's no need for that in western europe . 
  you think that those eastern europeans are only low educated and have no skill ? 
  ooh boy you are so wrong . 
  and i really doubt that the huge majority does n't want to come back et all . 
  then search it for yourself then . 
  nobody is stopping you to look at rt or dailymail in your browser . 
  and if you think that some sources should n't be banned , you could always go to / r/europemeta and give a good explanation why it should n't be banned . 
  i am sorry , what 's bad about work migration . 
  the money flows back to the mother country , just ask it to all the poles and other eastern european workers working in western europe . 
  well showing that greece is willingly to do anything that 's needed to get financial healthy , will really help in the next talks about debt relief . 
  it 's easier to explain that you forgave debt of someone when that someone really worked hard to minimize the debt . 
  because those sites that are blocked are not only biased . 
  they are willingly misinforming or misrepresenting stuff . 
  it may have not done with the specific article , but if it happens enough you just ca n't trust the outlet et all . 
  well it seems your government does n't want to leave . 
  basically the lowest amount when comparing to other rich western european countries . 
  well the benefits are very clear . 
  however it 's only logical that the uk also contribute . 
  but if the uk only want to leech , than veel free to think that the eu is some happy-friends-club that uk should n't be part of it . 
  uk did n't pay it 's fee . 
  it got a huge discount and still did n't want to pay that . 
  you are expecting that the uk should get everything for free . 
  and in that case , the uk can just fuck off . 
  but you ca n't expect that a country should get everything without returning anything . 
  would you and your whole family ( thus 6-8 persons ) move to a completly unknown country for $ 200k . 
  a country that probably wo n't accept you at all ? 
  and current solutions do n't work , because nobody is trying to make them work . 
  israel still thinks that everything fully belongs to them and the palestines think that israelis are not trustable occupiers . 
  for the arabs living in the area it was pure aggression . 
  suddenly a minority in the whole area , which only occupied 10 % of the ground and only 30 % of the inhabitants , got 56,4 % of the ground . 
  and they clearly show , that huge increase of ground is not good enough . 
  illegal settlements were placed with military backing . 
  even till today . 
  that 's aggression . 
  well following that logic , you can easily say that israel was the aggressor by founding the country in 1948 without asking if people lving already there ( hint majority muslim palestines ) wanted to be part of that country . 
  wait what ? 
  you think that an average muslims majority country is some poor hellhole ? 
  are you living under a stone or something ? 
  source ? 
  on the wikipedia page about blood libel , only one syrian diplomat did something like that in 1991 . 
  before the human rights council even was founded . 
  but that 's not hatred . 
  the council can be overtly be critical against israel , but it is n't hatred . 
  so when people criticize israel it 's hatred against israel ? 
  i am sorry , but how can shelling a known un school in a known refugee camp be a mistake ? 
  and if it 's really a mistake , why did n't israel cooperate in the un fact seeking mission ? 
  and the same happened in 2014 . 
  is the israeli military so incompetent ? 
  so people should starve to death and live in tents , because some support hamas ? 
  and before that civil war , democratically elected officials from the palestinian authority were deported by israeli military . 
  so it seems awfully like , if israel wanted the short civil war . 
  and yes hamas is at the moment the only source for food , water , building materials . 
  why ? 
  for two reasons : 1 . 
  they are the only permanent power . 
  they can get more stuff than the only 250 trucks a day full of aid . 
  and israel also showed a willingness to use weapons deliberately on palestinian civilians , like on beit hanoun . 
  but hey , israel should n't be confronted for their bad stuff , because jews got prosecuted for years . 
  they are always the victims . 
  do you know why hamas is popular ? 
  at least they can deliver food , building materials and work . 
  israel may have retreated , but never stopped the embargoes . 
  how can you expect a country to function when you stop everything that country needs ? 
  also do n't forget that israel refuses to un patrols in the occupied areas , because it would mean that they need to demolish illegal settlements . 
  how is this bigotry ? 
  is the only valid way to look at this situation that israel is the big victim ? 
  and the palestinians live in constant poverty thanks to embargoes , live in fear because of regularly invasions and is occupied by a country who has also radicals saying that all the land belongs to jews . 
  but hey , i live in an idealistic bubble because i do n't think that israel and the palestine area 's are victims . 
  those negotiations will never begin if israel is still occupying area 's . 
  and israel is the stronger party here and should do the right first step . 
  aah again the they are poor little jews argument . 
  israel is the biggest power in that area and is occupying area 's they should n't occupy . 
  saying that israel should back off is n't saying that jews are scum . 
  but hey , being a victim is easier . 
  as i said . 
  egypt may have open borders , good for them . 
  however israel controls the other side ( despite it being a palestinian area ) and loves to embargo the sit out of the palestinian areas , unless they can occupy it as a whole . 
  then you should be against both israel and palestine . 
  he gave you some sources . 
  jews were treated way better than christians for a very long time in muslim country . 
  how would you feel if you live in a country and suddenly thousands of strangers say it 's their country , despite not having lived in for hundreds of years . 
  and after they gave up 50 % of their country , the strangers demand way more area . 
  but hey saying that israel is also wrong apparently means that i am a terrorist apologist and anti-semite . 
  as / u/isubo said , most israeli civilians do n't have the blame for the situation between israel and palestinian areas . 
  however the israeli government certainly is !, 
  egypt may have , but israel controls the other side and stops everything . 
  and do n't forget the really dangerous building materials . 
  everytime someone says that they would rather live in a police state than have this , have never lived in a police state . 
  who wants to have friendly relationship with someone that continues to about you ?
