  forgot the correct english name . 
  that piece of land where saudi arabia , oman and yemen lies . 
  are there women in charge of big organisations in saudi arabia ? 
  nope , but in iran it 's rare but happening . 
  but hey let 's ignore everything good about a country because it 's easier to hate . 
  because it easily could make it worse . 
  it 's not like the attackers were so different from the victims . 
  it 's not like cod where every attacker wears clearly different clothes . 
  iran tends to be way more tolerant , but hey that 's against usa interests, 
  bullshit , you would need that more in the arabian island . 
  about what are you talking about ? 
  so far i know is that there was a ceasefire , which the pkk accepted and upholded for a long time . 
  and about the other attacks , only the turkish government says that the pkk is behind it . 
  so because someone was born somewhere the whole ethnic group is responsible for it 's actions . 
  great logic . 
  and why ca n't ypg/pkk the one who keeps it 's cool and does n't attack turkey , while turkey keeps attacking ypg/pkk ? 
  time to rethink if the schengen treaty and other treaties with switzerland are still apply-able . 
  we just want humane treatment ? 
  do you have proof that refugee policy is hijacked ? 
  also , there are special market stalls or stores that have a lot of different potatoes . 
  all with their own taste . 
  never seen them outside the netherlands . 
  not true , they are still doing artillery shootings . 
  well let 's close the dutch border for every eastern european worker . 
  ooh wait , we will damage those countries economies . 
  ooh wait , why should i care ? 
  really ? 
  turkey is an nato country . 
  is a country that has been candidate member of the eu as long as i remember . 
  and as last and most important thing , it 's the second biggest country at the eu outer border . 
  if turkey pushes every refugee towards that border , we will have the biggest massacre in the world . 
  on our border and probably inside eu territory . 
  also how do we close the border ? 
  are we going to shoot unarmed men , women and children ? 
  only for trying to find a better life , away from racism , bombardements and crippling poverty ? 
  if yes , i want to see you at that border . 
  shooting those people . 
  and then we talk again , and no ptsd will not be an excuse . 
  this subreddit is not the worst . 
  as long the subject is n't immigration , the discussion is decent . 
  if the subject is immigration , yeah , then it just happens which way the discussion is going on the first 10 minutes means when you get downvoted or upvoted . 
  it 's basically the real life europe . 
  whole of europe is deeply split about this crisis . 
  well let 's do that with everyone we do n't want . 
  i vote to have you removed . 
  so one country should just accept 10-20 % of its population as refugee without help of any other country ? 
  fleeing for everday bombings is voluntary ? 
  maybe you should visit those camps in australia , ooh wait they are a no go area for outsiders . 
  then read the report of several humanity organisations who state clearly that camps are only a little bit better than nazi concentration camps . 
  so it resembles pretty much . 
  your racism card does n't resemble anything close to the truth . 
  although i believe that erdogan does n't really help with bombing pretty much everyone in siriya ( ? 
  ) , it 's true that the eu started to late doing something and should do stuff now as one group . 
  but hey muslims are scary , because we do n't know them . 
  holy fuck . 
  am i seeing it correctly ? 
  are you playing the racism card ? 
  and those camps are not voluntary in most ( if not all ) cases when this solution is being spoken . 
  because literally those australian camps are not voluntary and operate just the same way as nazi concentration camps , only doing a little bit more to prevent people from dying . 
  by putting in camps full of deceases and crimes , which results in numerous deaths until they somehow manage to go back without much help is safer than welcome those who really are refugees . 
  this only states the structure quality of the infrastructure . 
  it does n't show if this infrastructure is congested or good enough to service all the traffic . 
  tl ; dr it says the asphalt is great on the two way road , but does n't say that everyday there will be a traffic jam for 20 hours . 
  they decreased because of austerity . 
  a lot of governments chopped their budget shortage by half . 
  if they kept spending , the interest would rise , see greece and spain . 
  also it does n't make you any better than a nazi . 
  sometimes i wonder if we just should n't have fought nazi germany at all . 
  hey , welcome to another era where only simple not working solutions are the solutions for everything . 
  aah put them in camps that almost resemble concentration camps and refuse any access to for help organisations . 
  seriously ? 
  the only way imho germany should answer is just a small message : it 's satirical , get over it . 
  hell , even at the start of putin reign , most people of europe would love to have a changed russia in the eu . 
  too bad that putin changed russia back to the big bad russia . 
  firstly , the current way how the iranian government is founded , is done by iranians themselves after the usa installed a dictator . 
  so basically they revolted against an oppressive government . 
  and they changed it . 
  secondly , iranians have way more freedom than saudi arabians . 
  hell , there 's a woman in charge of the iranian oil production . 
  so yeah , they have not the same freedom as you and me . 
  but their government is n't that oppressive . 
  also something you seem to fail to see , iran is changing . 
  you should learn a lot more about iran , than spouting that shit . 
  well , you see iran is the bad guy . 
  bad guys are not allowed to use good guys money . 
  yeah !, 
  again we are at the front of russian propaganda !, 
  i hope the referendum will be a succes !, 
  fyi , the top 6 eu nations are already responsible for + / - 28 % which is more than usa or japan nr . 
  1 ( 22 % ) and 2 ( 11 % ) in contributions . 
  crashing ? 
  completely not . 
  could it be better ? 
  surely yes . 
  a lot like the carnival in brazil or in new orleans , but a bit different . 
  nope . 
  it 's carnaval so i will be partying and drinking all day and night . 
  american government = !, 
  american citizens . 
  jees , stop taking those stuff personally .
