  scorpion , does that ring a bell ? 
  that an official apology that does n't even include teh word genocide has been hard fought and just barely passed in the serbian parliament , tells a very different story than being just a small uneducated minority . 
  wir haben nicht gewusst , is something that even nazi-german citizens said about camps just 2 kms from their village . 
  something that has been disproven big time . 
  are you now saying that the same goes for serbs ? 
  hard deaths statistics do n't lie . 
  well there 's almost nothing that makes it hard to not put blame on all serbians . 
  but are saying the truth with your last sentence . 
  but there 's too much denial from serbs in this thread to take comments like you serious . 
  first have to see it , maybe then i believe it . 
  you are at least in this thread a really small minority . 
  you are the one accusing me that i delete comments , with now proof that i have ever done it , except that it happen with other people . 
  also you are really eager to proof that you have won , while you have won nothing . 
  or that i proofed any point of yours . 
  i am only pointing out that it is mostly serbs that are refusing to go to the positive direction . 
  this thread makes that very clear . 
  from outright denial to whataboutism . 
   do n't try to delete your comment . 
  i have a screenshot . 
  projecting much ? 
  no , that the serb government takes full responsibility . 
  to acknowledge that it 's a genocide and take appropriate measures to educate their citizens in what really happened in the bosnian wars . 
  the fact still stands that the serbs were way more worse than any other side . 
  that they let one group through does n't make everything else good . 
  it 's still is a genocide . 
  again ; the serbs were the worst . 
  and there are multiple cases where serbs pointed at incidents as war crimes . 
  most of the time they were deemed not a war crime by an international court . 
  bosnia or croatia did n't commit many war crimes . 
  and for the few they did , they fully apologized . 
  tell that to your county citizens . 
  they are the ones being the most difficult to start moving in a positive direction . 
  saying that other sides did war crimes does n't make own war crimes less bad . 
  and yes serbs did try to systematically kill all muslims . 
  this has been proven in an international court , which is also recognized by serbia . 
  to bad that they refuse to listen to it . 
  this was not done in 1 city . 
  it was done in a whole area and there are multiple incidents where muslims were killed who were not even near srebrenica . 
  and it 's not op or me that keeps the cycle of hatred open . 
  it 's serbia that refuses to acknowledge what they have done . 
  hmmm does n't have anything to argue , so switches to personal attacks . 
  no , one side is still playing victim while they were actually the smallest victim and biggest criminal . 
  ooh fuck off . 
  even the usa refused to give air support and thus contributed to this genocide . 
  it said something way different before the edit . 
  also there 's truth , the truth is that this is genocide . 
  it has been deemed by the international court and several countries . 
  why should i argue ? 
  you are denying a genocide . 
  yeah , but also in countries where it 's relatively popular , it still gives a wrong image . 
  if all cycling routes would have been shown , the netherlands and denmark should light up way more . 
  i hope you get banned , as you are trying to deny a genocide . 
  germany was already sincere in their apologies only a few years after ww2 and most western european countries accepted them . 
  and there 's a clear biggest offender , the serbs . 
  so i do n't see why other countries should be first with their apology . 
  especially when certain people that are pointed at by serbs as quilty are found not guilty at all in international court . 
  maybe you should go back to your history class . 
  your timeline is seriously off . 
  que ? 
  you are the one who should cool their head . 
  your denial of the widespread denial of serbian war crimes is beyond believe . 
  you start of your comment immediately with whataboutism . 
  about someone who was found not guilty by the international court . 
  the fact that it took 10 years for the arrest of mladic while him living in serbia shows how two faced the serbian government is . 
  and how much serbian people unconditionally defend mladic . 
  a country that wants war crimes to be prosecuted does n't let the war criminal live in their country for 10 years after a warrant was given out . 
  and the fact that the official serbian apology refuses to use the word genocide and was hard fought in the parliament . 
  and on a smaller scale ; they many ( most of the deleted comments ) claiming serbs were not in the wrong . 
  it 's not a small group . 
  yes you are . 
  you are saying that anything else that happened would have been better . 
  and yes you are part of your government , you live in a democracy . 
  and do you really think that it was a better idea to have the dutch soldiers sit down in their compound , looking at how serbian soldiers loaded the civilians up trucks like animals ? 
  giving the serbians the chance to start killing and raping them right there and then ? 
  ooh fuck off . 
  it was your and other countries that forced the dutch in a horrible situation and you still claim higher moral ground ? 
  they were not caught unaware . 
  they were caught under armed and abandoned by allies . 
  and yes it 's a mark on my country , especially that government at that time . 
  the soldiers themselves are not to blame . 
  the dutch state , together with mainly the french and english . 
  giving those people at least a decent last helping hand ? 
  do you think that the serbs would have treated them as humans ? 
  you are not making any sense . 
  as soons as it was clear that the dutch did n't got any support from their `` allies '' , you ca n't blame them at all . 
  why are you so eager to demand the deaths of those soldiers ? 
  why are you solely focussing on the actions of dutchbat , ignoring that they are not the ones committing the crimes ? 
  ignoring the fact that they were abandoned by their `` allies '' ? 
  something about jewish bias or something like that . 
  basically a weak attempt at denying the holocaust . 
  you really have no idea what happened in srebrenica do you ? 
  there were multiple incidents where the dutch tried to stand their ground in the days before the genocide and every time the usa , french and the english refused to give air support . 
  there 's 0 reason to believe that if the serbs fully attacked the dutch , that those air forces would actually give support . 
  que ? 
  what are you blabbering about ? 
  the dutch government was sued , not the soldiers . 
  there was not much of a choice after multiple air forces chickened out . 
  gotovina was at least arrested only 4 years after his warrant . 
  and was arrested outside croatia and was deemed not guilty for any war crimes . 
  meanwhile mladic was searched for 10 years and was eventually arrested in serbia !,
