  do you know that a really big group of polish workers are working in eurozone countries and get their salary in euro 's ? 
  again , that 's pretty normal in politics . 
  they mostly have advisors and a phd in politics . 
  if we go out , we go out big !, 
  secondly , do n't pretend that harbour is really property of belgium . 
  it only operates because the dutch let it operate . 
  they are too small to take over business . 
  nobody forced greece to join the euro . 
  so do n't complain , 90 % of greece problems are caused by greece . 
  or we will destroy the two biggest harbours in europe . 
  that he is resigning ? 
  that 's how i read the comment . 
  i have multiple news sources saying he is . 
  lol . 
  he does n't dare to finish his work . 
  again ? 
  they were that between basically 1945 and 1973 . 
  not my problem that you see my legit question as an attack . 
  just asking the same questions multiple times , because you refused to answer . 
  you finally answered them . 
  and you think just walking out of negotiations is a good thing ? 
  and after one day demanding new ones ? 
  but i am . 
  you comment sounds like you think the current government is doing correct negotiation . 
  you call what 's happening now is correct negotiation ? 
  they walked away . 
  they used wording that could easily interpret as terrorists . 
  i am sorry but that 's not how negotiation . 
  salty because another country is able to have few taxes , because they did n't mismanage billions in years ? 
  i would n't say it 's structured like that . 
  more like trained to do so , because the netherlands lacks the funding . 
  as example , combining the dutch and belgian navy did n't need much reorganisation . 
  only a lot of retraining , mostly on the belgian side of things . 
  i see this as an example that the dutch forces are capable to expand quite a lot , before running into problems . 
  also the dutch military is one of the very few militaries that is cooperating with a lot of other militaries and is pretty much in charge of it . 
  you should n't write of the dutch military because it 's small . 
   the dutch have a defense minister and a chief of defense . ], 
  both are not allowed to make war/peace decisions on their own . 
  they only can advise if there should be war or not . 
   designed to be a junior partner in coalitions . 
  do n't understand that one . 
  if the fix was n't forced in just a few years , when should we expect to have it fixed ? 
  nobody wants to keep paying billions because someone else kept voting the same party because they gave a to good life . 
  you know those loans replaced a way bigger debt , right ? 
  cic can be a whole parliament . 
  the netherlands does n't have one highest military leader . 
  instead lower generals have to follow orders signed by the dutch parliament . 
  let 's do that instead of giving one person every power . 
  corruption is asking money for yourself , when there 's no reason to ask for it . 
  or pocketing money that is n't yours . 
  when you are being put in a position where you have the power of . 
  imho only those in the richer countries , like fucking greece . 
  i kinda understand corruption in poor countries like those in africa . 
  they are working against it for several years now . 
  greece did n't even start when threatened to cut of funding . 
  that 's an important difference . 
  corruption was as widespread as in romania . 
  it says a lot that the greece population only know start to say something about it . 
  they are only tired of status quo because only now it bites them in their ass . 
  they were n't tired of all the tax evasion and corruption since they became member of the eu . 
  then why does it work in romania ? 
  why is it changing in many growing african countries ? 
  ooh wait , the status quo is better for greece people . 
  who wants to follow the law ? 
  gdp doubled in only 6 years . 
  then 2008 came and it stagnated . 
  it took about 20 years before 2002 to do the same doubling . 
  okay step 3 and 4 are more group/government movements . 
  but you can do research and place it on a blog . 
  do you really think that 28 countries with vastly different cultures and opinions allow to do that ? 
  the eu is not usa . 
  also you completly ignore that us depth is growing the fastest in the whole world with no sign stopping . 
  do n't do it ever by yourself 2 . 
  publicly denounce people doing it 3 . 
  set up a real corruption free investigation bureau like romania 4 . 
  ask eu for help like bosnia-herzegovina step 1 and 2 are the most important . 
  it 's like vaccinations . 
  if 70-90 % do it , common corruption wo n't exist . 
  corruption only exists because people do it and thus facilitate it . 
  maybe you do n't know , but greece and basically every other eu country gets a lot of eu funds to improve infrastructure etc etc. 
  greece mismanaged billions before 2008 . 
  why should they get more ? 
  and look how other eu countries get supported . 
  and just sending money wo n't help anything . 
  it 's a lazy and expensive solution . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3c0tu9/what_do_those_voting_no_in_the_referendum_expect/csru3zm read that . 
  the mess they are now in , is not the result of the 2008 crisis . 
  the 2008 crisis only showed the true face . 
  so the wide spread of corruption , tax evasion or mismanagement of eu fund of which most if not all greece enjoyed from it , is only the fault of politicians ? 
  i am not talking about those things . 
  the 2008 crisis was just the nail on the coffin of greece . 
  greece was already in a really bad shape before 2008 . 
  they only hide it and the greece population only helped . 
  think about corruption , tax evasion etc etc. 
  no they ca n't say that the blame is only about politicians , themselves did nothing to stop the corruption or tax evasion or mismanagement of eu funds . 
  the 2008 crisis was just the nail on the coffin of greece . 
  greece was already in a really bad shape before 2008 . 
  they only hide it and the greece population only helped . 
  think about corruption , tax evasion etc etc. 
  no they ca n't say that the blame is only about politicians , themselves did nothing to stop the corruption or tax evasion or mismanagement of eu funds .
