  yes as always things change . 
  however does that means that i should find it acceptable that a third generation immigrant is worse in my native language than me ? 
  should i accept that they mistreat girls ? 
  and sadly a lot of third generation immigrants think that the laws in the country they live in do n't apply to them because they are from a different culture . 
  labeling helps with identifying groups . 
  if a certain group is over or under represented in some statistics , it can be targeted and be helped . 
  without labeling we would n't know if a foreign surname makes you less likely to be hired . 
  without labeling we would n't know if poverty is unproportional for a certain group . 
  labeling is not bad . 
  however labels have both positive and negative aspects . 
  and you immediately focus on the bad side of labeling , but remember that 's how the human mind work . 
  it 's human nature to label things , people etc. 
  and if an immigrant fully embraces their new culture there wo n't be a problem . 
  however than you demand someone to change completly . 
  and here 's come the area where labeling is the thing to understand things . 
  those immigrants have a different culture . 
  they will teach their culture to their children . 
  sometimes that will clash with the main culture in their new country and sometimes not . 
  and that 's why labeling someone as a second generation immigrant is a good thing to understand that person . 
  the person may not see things the same way as i do . 
  the person may think completly different in a way i never experienced . 
  the problem wo n't probably be with the first generation . 
  if you look at which people go to fight for isis from european countries , most of them are second or third generation immigrants . 
  and there lies the problem . 
  the parents are happy to be in a safe country , the children will probably focus on the fact that no-one earns the same things . 
  it 's busy doing things to end the crisis . 
  however the bullshit greece did the last few months back , but them way more back . 
  problem is that most symptoms are real . 
  that they can be caused by only thinking about it , is a different thing . 
  iirc the un health organisation recommends doctors who have these kinds of patients to look in different directions , mostly in the mental problems area . 
  hell , she ca n't even live on earth or even in this universe . 
  i doubt that . 
  third time is a charm : if they come from a war-torn country , they wo n't be refused . 
  problem , not all come from a war-torn country . 
  a large chunk ( some say 40 % in the netherlands ) only come for more money . 
  article 6 of the un universal declaration of human rights : everyone has the right to be treated as a person by the law , no matter where this person is . 
  and at least the dutch law says that the government is responsible to care for everyone . 
  so yeah a state/nation has the duty to act in the interests of everyone in their country , on at least a certain minimal level . 
  that 's the voc mentality . 
  the dutch will try to sell everything . 
  there 's a difference between commercials and too much . 
  ooh , yeah i forgot that . 
  i dare to bet that 1 in 20 shows are based on a format developed by dutch companies . 
  iirc the brist do n't have commercials every 10 minutes on their commercial broadcasts . 
  and they do n't bleep away `` bad '' words etc etc. 
  going to be an interesting case . 
  have still to read about a robber with so much ammo and with that background . 
  and that 's why e-bikes exist . 
  why should language stop evolving ? 
  why should things not evolve ? 
  old ways of doing are n't always the good thing to do . 
  languages always evolve . 
  look at a text from the sixties and one from now . 
  you will see a noticeable difference in the used words , the way those words are spelled and how sentences are structured . 
  the way they do in the netherlands is the wrong way . 
  they decide which way of spelling is the right one and completely disregard how the old spelling was . 
  they only should decide what a new spelling could be and give the choice to the people if they want to use the old or new spelling . 
  basically that whole green book is bullshit . 
  languages need to evolve . 
  also which other languages have old senile man deciding how a word should be spelled ? 
  no the pieces of what should resemble the wafel of the stroopwafel are way too soggy . 
  mcdonalds frietsaus is completely different from normal frietsaus . 
  however they report it , and they mostly broadcast while children are still awake . 
  so you are shocked that journalists are killed ? 
  in what world do you live ? 
  and you are shocked that putin is a main suspect behind a lot of high profile killings ? 
  and there 's free press ? 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  dude , you know that moscow time is operated outside russia right ? 
  also so a dutch guy that works for one of the last free news agencies inside russia has images , most of them being broadcasted by putin controlled news agencies , that prove that those independent news agencies inside russia ca n't work correctly . 
  death threats , journalists being killed . 
  and you call that fake ? 
  how stupid are you ? 
  well you know that pretty much any news agency that does n't follow putins stories are bullied and threatened to stop working ? 
  than you do n't watch that programme on sbs6 . 
  it would help a lot if russia was n't , ypu know , at war at the edge of europe . 
  ooh ffs . 
  criticism on the country and individuals is completely not the same as to hate a country and it 's citizens . 
  they are the pro-russian buffer country that putin would love to have in the old warsawpact area . 
  well sadly belgium is holding us back, 
  i doubt that the eu imports enough oil from the usa to care about that . 
  iirc the biggest european refineries are located in the netherlands, 
  because he is a border patrol officer ? 
  is duty is to patrol the border ? 
  is he ? 
  he was a border patrol guy . 
  why send a spy over a border in such way ? 
  it 's way easier to be hidden in plain sight . 
  there are a lot of spies everywhere . 
  i dare to bet that 99 % of them legally entered the country like that russian scientist in eindhoven . 
  well i believe wa hat the estonian government is saying . 
  that the guy is kidnapped on the estonian side of the border . 
  there 's no reason why that guy should be a spy . 
  so those people never make a mistake ? 
  so you always know exactly in a forest where you are ? 
  so it 's a secret trial in a country that is famous about abusing that system . 
  yeah not going to believe a word about the sentence . 
  even when it 's a few meters and could easily return after be warned ? 
  only a paranoid country would take such incident that serious . 
  you do n't even know about the real spies and how they enter a country .
