  forcing them to walk on different sidewalks than israeli for security reasons . 
  and plowing through buildings with explosions because it 's safer than to advance on the road makes it very clear that the do n't want palestinians in what they see as their country . 
  you are onto something . 
  bene is close to the dutch word ` benen ' , which is ` legs ' in english . 
  and then the delux variant . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  still valscherm or parachute . 
  meh , the orange saddle cover can be put over every type of saddle . 
  so it 's a narrow draw . 
  since when is the warmongering of the usa equal to nato ? 
  imho they do n't need professional speakers , just put some subtitles when doing the interesting stuff . 
  which i call the benelux navy ( as the admiralty responsible for it , is called the benelux admiralty ) . 
  secondly , it would be fun to have luxembourg cooperate with us more . 
  i bet a dozen luxembourg citizens would like to join a navy :d . 
  iraq was politically a shit storm . 
  in the end only a handful of trainers went . 
  also mali mostly only a commando mission , after france asked for assistance . 
  what i mean to say is that the dutch foreign war policy is not blindly walking behind the usa , like the uk . 
  and not being the primary part in an invasion . 
  the dutch foreign war policy is that we help everyone who asks for help . 
  while the german foreign war policy is less active , it 's basically the same . 
  yeah this bicycle is a really disservice to dutch bicycle design . 
  just too bad that there 's no english or dutch subtitles . 
  did n't know that the cooperation between the two navies were already that big . 
  maybe time that we enlarge the benelux navy with the german navy and form the de benelux navy . 
  de also means the in dutch btw . 
  fyi , those are ( although old ) normal dutch words . 
  secondly the airborne operations of the germans were unsuccessful . 
  only because our aa was way better than anticipated , even by the dutch generals . 
  not really . 
  first proof is in your original comment . 
  and you forget that in the bigger operations , like uruzgan , that the germans are also part of the same operation . 
  a little bigger than the dutch navy in terms of size . 
  ~ ~ only not very active outside the northsea ~ ~ apparantly the german navy is more active than i thought see / u/thertor comment . 
  while the dutch is very active all around the world . 
  foreign politics of netherlands and germany are way more in line with each other than the foreign politics of netherlands and the uk . 
  besides that , we already have found a great middle ground with the benelux navy . 
  meh , there 's a big chance that in the future , the german navy will be controlled by the dutch navy . 
  fair trade . 
  roe is most of the time the same . 
  pay can be different as the dutch soldiers get dutch salary and germans soldiers get german salary . 
  law also depends on nationality of the soldier , although i would n't be surprised that depending the situation the german mp or dutch mp will lead the investigation . 
  communications will be officially in english , although some dutch soldiers will be able to speak german . 
  in case of armament and tactics ; almost no difference . 
  the germand tanks just happen to have the mg3 as mounted mg instead of in the netherlands used belgian fn minimi . 
  yes it can . 
  which is increasingly irrelevant as poles get too expensive without illegal constructions . 
  however ignoring the highest national judicial court , is not a slightest sign of political unrest . 
  it 's a big deal . 
  beside that , this was going on for longer . 
  and the eu gave already softer warnings in the beginning . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
   trenescese who or what ? 
  and uk should also leave if they want leave . 
  getting sick of all teh exceptions in the eu . 
  like welfare is the only thing that drains a country . 
  maybe you should look at crime , specifically about drunk driving . 
  or look at the transport and agriculture sectors . 
  picking our jobs !, 
  but also , poland is n't the only eastern european country with cheap labour . 
  well sorry that we expect when you join an union , that you follow the rules that union set . 
  if you think that hinders your independence , feel free to leave . 
  i am sorry , but all that does n't give a party the right to ignore their highest national court . 
  nono , i bet you that stuff for business gives you way more money . 
  otherwise philips would n't have sold their consumer product department , but their healthcare department . 
  the truth is that we only see the innovative consumer products . 
  we do n't see which innovative parts are used and where they come from . 
  is that bad ? 
  not really , but it 's bad if you say that europe does n't do any innovative at all . 
  only because you do n't see it . 
  then you really do n't know what 's happening in eindhoven and the region . 
  there 's also nxp and many other smaller companies there . 
  philips may not produce the same amount of consumer products , but that does n't mean that their massive r&d , healthcare and lighting departments just disappeared . 
  because we are ignoring the big picture ? 
  and that most innovative stuff that comes from europe is highly technical and mostly used in production of stuff . 
  ever heard of asml ? 
  big chance you do n't , however they are responsible for 90 % + of all the machines that are able to produce wafers , which is the basic main component of a computerchip . 
  ever heard of high tech campus in eindhoven ? 
  or many other campussen allover the world ? 
  so basically , the higher the score , the better ? 
  wooot netherlands number 1 !, 
  that 's because ( at least dutch ) parties do n't say that they have the solution of a problem , but tell in which way they want try to steer the solution too . 
  aah yeah , killing desperate people to `` secure '' europe . 
  yeah there 's no way that would create more terrorism . 
  yeah , let them die in the sea while fleeing war zones !, 
  well informed ? 
  it puts the dutch referendum under that all the dutch voted against the treaty with ukraine . 
  while the truth is that the referendum just barely reached the minimum of 30 % of people that are allowed to vote . 
  completely true . 
  my point is more that even when a high educated refugee/immigrant integrate pretty good , you will find some `` weird '' things . 
  take the muslim mayor of rotterdam , he said that he would prefer if his daughters married a muslim . 
  imagine something you have been doing for years and years . 
  enough stuff to choose about . 
  now change that radically . 
  does n't matter what . 
  it will not be fully success full in one day or one week . 
  now enlarge that to your whole life , your family , everyone you know . 
  imagine how difficult it could be for them to change that for them . 
  than you should know that you ca n't change a society overnight . 
  they tried in iraq , afghanistan .
