  ooh yeah ? 
  in this thread most people want to stop immigration , close down mosques etc. 
  if people are talking about such drastic measures , they are talking about the whole group . 
  why not ? 
  because you find muslims scary ? 
  ever heard of bible belts or history . 
  also if all muslims believe what you say , why are n't we in a civil war ? 
  how so ? 
  stoning is mentioned in the old testament . 
  the bible and the quran both say that you should kill infidels . 
  both say that certain things should be punished with a gruesome dead . 
  so all is the fault of the religion , not the culture ? 
  religion is just a part of the culture . 
  islam is n't inherently more violent than christianity . 
  we wo n't achieve anything if we start to treat muslims as second grade . 
  taking away a huge part of their identity , by closing mosques . 
  forcing them to suddenly believe nothing or a religion they actually do n't believe in . 
  so what should we do then ? 
  those who are already in our countries , be more open to them . 
  visit their mosques , learn what their frustrations are , see what you can do about those frustrations . 
  we should n't push them away , it will only lead to more radicalization . 
  look it was a reaction to a comment of a middle european , saying that they were right to stop immigration . 
  as a response i gave some examples how easily he and everyone he knows , can be subject to the same rules . 
  at least in the netherlands , the same people who are fully against muslims , are against ` eastern european ' people . 
  they take our jobs and such . 
  so in that way , it 's indeed a racial slur . 
  you know that generally speaking that everything on the east side of the late iron curtain is eastern europe . 
  so yes , i am pointing at you . 
  well , like the people you are pointing at . 
  it starts with criminality . 
  and eastern europeans are the biggest population in dutch jails . 
  so if we follow this logic further , yes you will be a terrorist in the future . 
  well your roads to the beach are pretty good . 
   i have an idea then . 
  why do n't we just put light in front of the vehicles ? 
  because not all traffic are vehicles ? 
  cheap and more useful labor ? 
  it were their own banks who wanted foreign money . 
  it was not like that foreign money went to iceland on it 's own . 
  in the end do n't blame anyone but iceland as their banks knew completely what they were doing and they were n't stopped by iceland . 
  for a city that is getting smaller and poorer by the day , heerlen is really clean . 
  especially the abandoned buildings . 
  within the limits of the law . 
  so you do n't know shit, 
  the law gives individuals now more power to do it . 
  read the fucking law about it . 
  which state did remove what ? 
  fyi , this is about individuals . 
  not the state . 
  also look at how that works in the usa . 
  it 's more profitable to stay criminal than trying to be a not-criminal . 
  okay , is stolen a better word or should we buy them again from germany ? 
  well we borrow ` ours ' from the germans . 
  only difference are the mgs . 
  have you never drove around on the small regional roads in france ? 
  yeah , you will notice when you enter vlaanderen or walloni\u00eb . 
  dutch roads  german roads  french roads  flemis roads  rwandan roads  walloon roads, 
  however after some time , a criminal conviction should n't haunt that person . 
  especially when that persons improved his/her life . 
  where did you read that the attackers were immigrants ? 
  or you so closed minded that all criminality is coming from immigrants ? 
  yeah it 's soo easy to get a passport in the mid of a war and take a plane from an airport that is pretty much all the time the middle of the battle . 
  well seeing how someone got upvoted by saying that immigrants are foreigners and not immigrants , probably again the muslims are scary folk . 
  also claiming that the western culture has to stay pure etc etc. 
  so yeah , the camps we have no are better ( not those shanty camps in france and such ) . 
  that you could n't get that from my other answers ... 
  so you studied a commision good for you . 
  http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ . 
  this is the treaty i was talking about . 
  this declaration is the basis of the eu and most european countries laws . 
  which states that you do n't make any difference in any human . 
  the australian system is designed to forget the camps . 
  this only leads in more unsafer camps than the camp we already have . 
  and in the netherlands the situation in the camps are not more dangerous than the nearby village . 
  but hey , only incidents in an immigration camp are worth to report in the news . 
  if it is easier , why are there still numerous reports that australia is still mishandling the camps ? 
  whereas the existing camps in europe are far from the hellholes in australia . 
  you are the one who does n't know how it should work , by fucking law . 
  and you should search for a dictionary and then for the word immigrant . 
  ooh yeah , australia is doing great with just ignoring the problem in their surroundings and their unsafe and dangerous camps . 
  what are they then ? 
  animals ? 
  they do those crimes . 
  fyi , in most war torn countries , getting a passport to get out is pretty impossible . 
  hell even in the usa , most people do n't have a passport . 
  again read the un human rights treaty . 
  read the constitution of your country . 
  i best that there 's nothing says about how citizens of a country have to be placed above an immigrant . 
  and how many of the total of all refugees were that ? 
  and are you now saying that because a small minority did it , the whole group should be punished for it ? 
  it 's an argument against the whole system , if the problem keeps recurring . 
  which it is . 
  everytime the australian government says that the situation will be made better . 
  and everytime research of independent sources tell a completly different story . 
  those kinds of camps are really easy to forget , which will made them unsafe . 
  and expect to have some decent humane shelter , recurring sources do n't tell good stories about those shelters . 
  awh did you delete you comment ? 
  and yes that how immigration of refugees really work . 
  you should read the un human rights treaty . 
  even if someone is illegally , it has right to have access to stuff .
