  there 's the training of dutch marine officers by the english . 
  there 's the fact that the belgian and dutch navy are basically one today . 
  there are numerous european combined exercises every year . 
  and more stuff . 
  but no , because not wanting war is the same as being weak . 
  awh you need to drag up very old history ? 
  secondly , both things are great things to show why you should n't try to fight everyone , like the usa is doing since ww2 . 
  afghanistan was kinda good supported . 
  do n't go out there and twist reality . 
  maybe you should learn what rapid reaction force means . 
  yeah like russia is stupid enough to attack a nato/eu member . 
  as so far i see it here on / r/europe the site is mostly only translating articles from nos.nl or nu.nl, 
  about the deadline , when a building is going to be sold the asbesto has to be removed . 
  also if you are going to do a big renovation or something like that , you have to remove the asbestos . 
  personally i would like to have a third option saying that this referendum is bullshit . 
  but yeah , not voting is always a bad decision . 
  it 's the easy way out . 
  if you really cared , you just took time off . 
  it 's not like protesting is a valid reason to get fired . 
  well what about to lift your ass and go to brussels yourself to protest ? 
  and look here people , someone who could n't be arsed to protest against the eu in brussels or den haag . 
  so he wanted a referendum that only touches less than 10 % of the issues they want protest against . 
  i assume you are in the geenstijl camp . 
  if so , you already ruined democracy by wanting a referendum about something that only touches 10 % from what you voted against . 
  only because you are to lazy to protest in den haag . 
  the same goes for the leadership of the vvd . 
  so at least their will be another round of talking . 
  as said in other comments , a lot did n't vote because they think it 's bullshit . 
  in your example , the other party has to proof that the damage is because of a failed drainage system or other faults of your house/building . 
  if that ca n't be proven , than you have nothing to worry about . 
  however the blog tells pretty good when you should and can use it . 
  and why is it needed ? 
  well this kind insurance can pay out to about $ 1.000.000 max . 
  and there are really few people who can pay damages above the $ 1.000 from their own wallet . 
  and yes it protects against lawsuits . 
  takes way less time . 
  how do you mean ? 
  or do n't you know how the system works ? 
  well , argue that detention on remand is great way to stop terrorists . 
  while not knowing what it actually is . 
  and now i explained how the system works and how what you argued in your first comment does n't make sense . 
  it seems you are the one not knowing how an average western justice system works . 
  first ( but optional , depending on the situation ) the police have to proof that they have a good reason to tap or follow someone . 
  than they have to proof if they want to search a location . 
  then follows ( mostly immediately ) the arrest warrant , which you need more solid proof for . 
  and then comes detention on remand . 
  here the police has to proof that the suspect is dangerous or prone to flee . 
  they also has to proof that they are certain that they can proof the suspect is guilty . 
  in this stage or in the trial , than you can hear about release because of too little amount of proof . 
  it 's not like you can put someone in detention without a lot of proof . 
  and it certainly should n't . 
  the president situation you talked about probably succeeded all those steps . 
  however it seems likely to me , that the that department of justice wanted more time to research as they have found more evidence/proof in the steps before detention . 
  i think we were n't the talking about the same thing . 
  what your are talking about is detention on remand ( do n't worry i also had to google that one ) . 
  every justice system has that . 
  however that does n't solve the `` problem '' of getting release because of not enough evidence . 
  because the system you propose is already there and working . 
  then why do you want preventive detention ? 
  because all what you say is already done with current laws . 
  two parties , a government and the judges . 
  with what you are suggesting , you eliminate the judges part . 
  also those regulations you are pointing at , will be worth nothing with preventive detention . 
  also what happened with innocent until proven guilty ? 
  who makes those regulations ? 
  and what should they be ? 
  every male in the range of 16-30 years old ? 
  this kind of punishment can be too easily abused . 
  also thinking this , shows quite clearly that you are not familiar with the history of your own country . 
  yeah they really show initiative by barring everyone with a certain religion . 
  really the great example to follow !, 
  after the countries became a shit storm . 
  it 's one research being repeated over and over and over . 
  however while that pew research was decent in itself , it does n't show why people out those countries think that . 
  also saying that because they want sharia law is the same as radicalization , is the same as saying that following the ten commandments is radicalization . 
  http://www.horowitzfreedomcenter.org/about . 
  why should i believe a video from a site that 's from an organisation that says it wants to destroy radical left and the islam ? 
  also what 's the radical left ? 
  yeah , an independent kurdistan would probably never happen . 
  and it 's too sad that we as western people , burn our fingers with the afghanistan and iraq war . 
  makes it hard to get support for military missions in libya . 
  the problem is that syrian government is n't that great , but it would be chosen the lesser evil . 
  ( except supporting the kurds ) . 
  in libya is there a government with a functional army ? 
  because supporting an army that tends to fall apart with deserters , is n't a great idea . 
  also please do n't spam  . 
  what you say about christianity is true for today , but do not forget . 
  just a hundred years ago , christians thought that spreading christianity with violence was the true way to do it . 
  if the religion is so violent , why are we not in a civil war with all muslims ? 
  ooh wait , the big majority is not violent !, 
  in this thread , when i commented , there was no talk about certain mosques . 
  only about mosques , from eastern europeans where politicians refuse to build any mosque . 
  do see how i got my conclusion ? 
  1 ) the old testament , if you like it or not , is still important to christians . 
  why else would it be included in the bible and being used in preaches ? 
  2 ) you also know that a majority of americans do n't care about drone strikes killing whole families . 
  or how large western protests groups have no problem to use violence against muslims . 
  but hey , muslims are the only bad guys here !, 
  also am i understanding right that you are quoting the research of the pew center ? 
  then if you fully read it , you have to see a difference between those living in war zones or where education is n't that great versus other places .
