  however denying muslims because you have no official place of worship is ridiculous . 
  even if i follow your logic than i still do n't see how i am not allowed to point out that friedman research is old . 
  the article is saying in that way that scientific research from 1999 is valid because the author did some new journalistic research . 
  in my opinion the conclusion should have been that it seems that research of 1999 is still valid within the sources the author could find . 
  are you sure that you are left-wing ? 
  this basically a proposition of the right-wing dutch party vvd . 
  with only that the eu should setup camps outside the eu where the selection can begin . 
  thus moving first point of contact outside the eu . 
   set an annual cap per year of how many asylum seekers we accept one problem with that . 
  politics in time where numbers are way down will make this cap really low and when the numbers go up , the political will wo n't probably be there to heighten the cap . 
  i am not rejecting . 
  i am just pointing it out and personally it devalues the conclusion . 
  and it 's true that research from beta studies ( physics and such ) remain valid for very long . 
  research from a social field ? 
  not so much . 
   it 's also an unavoidable fact that the push for unmitigated immigration has been orchestrated by the left . 
  engaging in a course of action without realizing the implications is disastrous - as far as policy making is concerned . 
  this is in my opinion not happening . 
  i only see left make more propositions to accommodate the recent huge influx . 
  i still have to hear from left wing parties in the netherlands saying that refugees will be citizens upon entering the netherlands . 
  that 's why what you said is not a fact . 
  no assumptions , just facts . 
  there 's an increasing amount in at least in the netherlands of radicalized youth , mostly being 2nd or 3th generation migrants . 
  i agree with you that most integrate just fine . 
  however many people only see the bad things and only focus on the bad things . 
  the conclusion you quoted seems purely based on the research of friedman . 
  i did n't say that he did his research wrong . 
  however in all scientific and especially social studies , any research can be outdated within a short period . 
  i am only pointing at that . 
  however the last conclusion that / u/greenecat linked seems purely based on that one research from 1999 . 
  pretty much every research ( especially in the social field ) , can be outdated within a few years . 
  that 's why i pointed it out . 
   you 're right , but two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  than do it also towards op . 
  you are punishing only one side because you agree with the other . 
  secondly on european scale i do n't see that happening . 
  it seems that you think advocating for internal relief is the same as just opening the borders . 
  yeah , i live in a well run democratic country . 
  yeah i know . 
  about immigration i am on the same page with you , but this thread a many others are just out right sad . 
  however what do you think is the best way to combat the problems around this migration crisis ? 
  although his reaction was a bit too much , your comment is n't any better . 
  or saying that one side is arrogant , like op of this comment train . 
  however they are obliged to accommodate all religions according to eu-law . 
  so it 's still a bad argument to refuse muslims because there are no mosques . 
  just keep voting the right people in your government . 
  keep in mind that they based that conclusion on an us based research from 1999 . 
  a new research could probably say something else . 
  it 's kinda true . 
  only the rate this will be is firstly uncertain secondly not really problematic in the coming 20-30 years . 
  however completly forgetting the social part of a country economy , is dumb . 
  sigh , you this a comedy news show ? 
  if you want a more neutral tone , just watch several european news shows . 
  the problem is that there 's a pretty big group within those migrants who probably wo n't integrate in their new country . 
  there are in some countries also problems with 2nd or 3th generation migrants who fully oppose how things go within their country and who are radicalized . 
  well he is definitely trying to give another viewpoint than fox news and others . 
  at least from what they included in this segment . 
  he is basically trying to say that the migrants/refugees are not inherently bad , however that the system we have is failing . 
  yeah . 
  i am right-wing and have sometimes problems with how / r/thenetherlands view things as the subreddit community is really left-wing , but most things here are just outright sad . 
  just downvote the things you really think is bad and report it . 
  there 's a reason why they are making the moderation team bigger . 
  yeah , because you just equated refugees as criminals . 
  putting a whole group of people into something bad is pretty racist . 
  problem is that all those first eu countries refuse to even check !, 
  greece refuse to work efficient . 
  hungary refuses to do anything . 
  and go on and on and on . 
  they also show our idiot geert wilders . 
  however keep in mind that this show is designed to show a different view than fox , cnn and other us news channels . 
  the same goes for the dutch elections . 
  they seem to think that wilders can just grab the power . 
  yes the pvv is in the lead in the polls , but 1 . those polls always say that he is in the lead while the reality will be that the pvv is somewhere at the bottom mid after the elections . 
  pvv lost all their good will in dutch politics , basically no other party wants to cooperate with them . 
  wow , you really do n't know where the fuck you are talking about . 
  you are really so in your fantasy world that everything is liberal media . 
  unless you only focus on those comments , it got and still gets better by the day . 
  yeah i already saw pepe in orange jumpsuit doing a slav squat . 
  i know that there are many ee in the netherlands working , but i am not sure what that pepe has to do with the netherlands, 
  how trustworthy is this blog ? 
  it seems to love to bash putin , but yeah . 
  firstly somalia is completely free to refuse . 
  back in colonial times , no of those countries had a choice . 
  secondly , it will be started as a pilot . 
  i do n't think that the eu would just abandon everything it stands for . 
  however do n't expect that suddenly everything will be alright . 
  there 's probably a mid ground . 
  but hey we also can do nothing and let africa go to shit even further . 
  do you need an / s ? 
  well the erasmusbrug ( the bridge in op photo ) is build 1996 , so it 's clear which one is inspired by . 
  i think that you and me have some really different opinions about what criticizing is . 
  also please stop with feeling prosecuted and blame everything on the liberal media . 
  there 's no such thing as liberal media . 
  still complaining about the refugees ? 
  it would be pretty tricky . 
  keep in mind that only one tracklines are pretty rare . 
  the norm is two or more tracks , which will be put tightly next to each other . 
  also there 's an uprise in the amount of tracks that are being put underground . 
  a lot of those tunnels ca n't be expanded without getting really costly . 
  also we have built some freight only tracks , only the problem is that germany did n't upgrade those tracks in their country .
