  well you are so against migration , just wanted to find out if you are a hypocrite . 
  also to see if you understand what migration means . 
  do you still live in the same city/town you were born ? 
  do you live in the same country as you were born ? 
  so assuming every refugee is guilty until proven otherwise ? 
  what 's your solution then ? 
  i disagree . 
  you are now pushing portugals fault of not having strict tax rules onto the netherlands . 
  and there are more different types of tax , than only tax applicable to international hq of companies . 
  misreporting economic activity is already illegal in the whole of the eu . 
  that 's called fraud . 
  this is n't tax evasion , but it 's tax avoidance . 
  the money is still being taxed , but only a little . 
  and the money does n't just disappear , you can still follow the money trail . 
  tax evasion is where you try to say to the tax institute that you do n't have income , while having an income . 
  by tax avoidance , you structure your income so , that most of your income is taxed by the lowest tax . 
  problem they do n't want to . 
  they want to keep following the sun and such blindly . 
  well for a nice price , we will sell to you . 
  however i have to warn you , the one with the best bidding . 
  well that already exists , only uk keeps ignoring it . 
  yes , anywhere can be translated to `` overal '' , however not anywhere ca n't really be translated to not anywhere without using dunglish . 
  not really , research has proven that wearing a helmet makes you more prone to be included in an accident than without . 
  a chance that 's higher than the chance of falling and hitting the curb without a helmet . 
  so you basically say that it is impossible . 
  which is not the case . 
  fyi `` not anywhere '' translates to `` nergens '' . 
  maybe better use the word `` rare '' or something like that . 
  ehm 350 month for 16m ^ 2 - 19m ^ 2 is certainly a case , in heerlen . 
  30 min travel time to maastricht and aachen for the universities there and has it 's own hbo . 
  btw it includes your own balcony , kitchen and bathroom . 
  because it is n't a reputable news site at all . 
  they will be citizens and the country will be changed , so what ? 
  are you one of those guys that want a country to be `` pure '' ? 
  true that . 
  that 's correct , but it 's not pc to call the people born `` here '' to not call them immigrants . 
  i am not sure if english has an equal translation , but in dutch you have the word `` allochtoon '' . 
  but you should n't mix non-immigrants with immigrants or say that refugees are equal to immigrants ( that they are a subgroup is a different story ) . 
  aah well , it illustrates my frustration perfect with anything related to pc . 
  for both the far left and far right . 
  because i used the word bullshit ? 
  awh , you are salty about my comment ? 
  only because i used the bad word `` bullshit '' ? 
  also an immigrant is someone coming from another country . 
  someone born in a country can never be an immigrant in that country . 
  that 's just being factually correct , not being politically correct . 
  politically correct . 
  a popular buzzword among the alt right and many us minorities . 
  if you want a nice explanation about pc , watch the related episodes of southpark . 
  well the whole politically correct bullshit is bullshit . 
  most of the time people complaining about pc are complaining that they ca n't be asshats hurting people on purpose, 
  ooh fuck off with your pc bullshit . 
  they are not immigrants anymore . 
  if you do n't understand that , you maybe should learn what the word immigrant means . 
  ooh fuck off with your thinking that i meant that foreigner part as something negative . 
  because that is and will never be something negative for me . 
  it 's clearly you see it has something bad , not me . 
  also life expectancy is not something that you can tie directly to healthcare . 
  like disability rates , there are multiple factors at basis . 
  no wonder you think dutch healthcare is mediocre . 
  you do n't look at the stuff healthcare is directly affecting . 
  the amount of death happening in the operation room . 
  the rate of successful treatments . 
  etc etc. 
  and about childbirth , natural childbirth is in most cases the most healthy thing for both mother and child . 
   and yet , you also have one of the highest disability rates in europe ... 
  which can mean several things . 
  the dutch definition of a disability can be very loose . 
  despite being one of the healthiest people in the world , there 's big part being born `` unhealthy '' . 
  maybe foreign disabled people come to the netherlands especially for the healthcare , which inflates that number . 
  so many reasons why those rates can be high . 
  and not all disabilities are not ca n't do anything bad . 
  my sister is counted as disabled , but she is able to do sport , study etc etc like a normal person . 
  but because she has schisis she is disabled . 
  why should a doctor lie about your situation . 
  it will achieve nothing than that the patient will feel better for a short while . 
  it does n't solve the situation of the patient and has a higher probability to only make it worse . 
  beside that , the dutch healthcare is one of the best in the world ion all kind of researches . 
  and maybe yes are foreigners are spoiled because 16 million + dutch people do n't complain . 
  i have really trouble with statements like these , because you never hear it from the dutch . 
  and the dutch love to complain . 
  so or it was lost in translation , or the problem is n't that bad . 
  so a doctor is n't allowed to talk from experience ? 
  especially it 's something that you do n't want to hear ? 
  and i think that the doctor said more something that age is a * likely * cause . 
  ooh c'mon , so you are saying that dutch doctors do n't know anything ? 
  it seems more like that you are the one being full of bullshit . 
  well it 's at least better than taking everything at face value . 
  well that 's the point . 
  if om did n't go on with the prosecution , there 's probably not enough evidence for the claims of / u/stuijfsande . 
  and that 's the whole problem here . 
  basically the symbols on themselves are not illegal . 
  they can never be illegal , unless the law changes . 
  the context around it , is way more important . 
  and if i am apologist because i think the case is n't as clear cut as / u/stuijfsande think it is , well then i am an apologist . 
  about chanting death to jews etc , in the eo article the police said that they have n't found any illegal in the shouting . 
  also fyi . 
  the is flag is not illegal in the netherlands . 
  same with hitler salutes and swastika 's . 
  the context of the use of those symbols can be illegal .
