  hey !, 
  there 's work outside france . 
  in the netherlands we have polish people work in agriculture and portuguese people in the road construction . 
  there 's a lot of work here , but most dutch people are too lazy to get them . 
  not as how the netherlands does it . 
  statistisches bundesamt is like our cbs ( centraal bureau voor de statestiek , central agency for the statistics ) . 
  it mostly handles things that can put out in numbers , and can be calculated . 
  scp mostly handles only said opinions , you ca n't calculate that . 
  the western media went never for that jet story . 
  sounds a lot like it . 
  maybe we should ask germany to look into it . 
  in my history books it was not a small paragraph , it was a full chapter . 
  and even if it 's a paragraph there 's still enough debate around it , to be common knowledge . 
  how do you mean downplay ? 
  every dutch person knows that the police actions were n't that nice . 
  but remember the indonesians were neither nice to the dutch , even before the police actions . 
  and like any other rich microstate has a big influence on the world , which everyone keeps forgetting . 
  then do n't pretend your vision is n't already here . 
  that 's not what / u/watergeuzen said . 
  he said there was only two places to show what you believe . 
  it almost sounds like / u/watergeuzen wants to ban all religious outing outside people 's own home . 
  i think going that far is wrong . 
  that said i draw my line that i want to see people 's faces , no matter which religion . 
  so non relgious people are first rank citizens and religious are second rank people ? 
  your statement is scarily close to how people who were not protestant were treated in the dutch golden ages . 
  if i am correct , while having a lot of troubles with the betuwe route in the netherlands , germany started preparations ** several ** years after the dutch part was fully finished, 
  yeah there were plans for a hsl east , but we had a lot of problems of hsl south ( which still does n't operate 100 % , while being finished for several years ) and the germans have troubles upholding their promises when talking about railroads . 
  that 's because in the netherlands we have only one special hsl and that one goes to the south . 
  so the ice from the east is bound to a max of 140km/h and most cases even slower . 
  even then it will take time , making so will cost a lot of money and there 's less garantee that the person is voting out of free will . 
  another thing to think about is that people can get bored of all the voting . 
  that problem already exists and is growing . 
  and as last , what about the people that do n't understand pc 's that well ? 
  however if we have to vote as a country on everything the tweede kamer votes for , the bureaucracy will be even more slower . 
  ffs do n't you fucking understand ? 
  the dutch government is already in favor of the proposal of the european parliament . 
  so if you are a citizen of an eu country , maybe you should do your representatives is doing their job . 
  as a dutch guy who lives in the netherlands i ca n't influence other countries as i do n't vote for those representatives . 
  that you ca n't handle that your country is one of the shittier ones , should n't be my care . 
  it does n't mention anything about the dutch , but if you research it further you will find out that the netherlands was one of the two/three countries in the council supporting the parliament proposal . 
  net neutrality is being defended by the dutch , but everyone else in the eu do n't care about it . 
  you are wrong on that matter . 
  it only seems that the council speak unified because the majority thinks that the european parliament proposal is bad . 
  the netherlands was one of the two countries trying to have the council accept it . 
  problem is , all the other countries do n't want too . 
  do n't forget , the netherlands is one of the few countries that has net neutrality in their laws and is trying to protect it . 
  lol , it 's managed badly in the usa . 
  the us presidents have used their commander in chief powers to bypass the senate , leaving the senate only the choice to approve . 
  that should never happen . 
  the power has to be only with the whole government , not in the hands of one person . 
   they can impeach the president and end the campaign . 
  they also have sole discretion over the funding of any operation however , in most cases the boots will be already on the ground . 
  the image of the usa loving war is strengthened more . 
  i do n't want that to happen in europe . 
  it 's already bad enough that we are trying to discourage `` refugees '' by having the military blow up boats of smugglers . 
  first , i made one big mistake . 
  the dutch hoge raad ( kind of supreme court and where i based my previous point of ) selects 3 candidates they want . 
  the tweede kamer ( house of representatives ) as a whole needs to decide which of the three . 
  there 's no possibility that only one guy forces his/her own politics in that court . 
  they are also obliged to stop when they reach the age of 70 . 
  secondly . 
  as said above , giving one guy such power , does n't matter if it 's military or in a high court , is dangerous . 
  really dangerous especially if the person already has a lot of power in normal politics . 
  the old romans had a system like that , they became from relatively free republic , a dictatorial empire . 
  that 's why i do n't like that a president can be commander in chief . 
  it 's same like why our then prince , now king was only a reserve general for all branches . 
  the usa had already a fair share of presidents pushing their own agenda , by sending troops somewhere or appointing a judge . 
  i do n't want that , because that 's closer to a dictatorial regime than bounding companies and people to strict rules . 
  * a european supreme court should be pointed by people from the same supreme court , not being appointed by a person with big political reasons . 
  * only a few elections in the usa are done by proportional voting . 
  it should be used for all . 
  you will get better representation of the country . 
  * anyone being in politics should never have an active military role . 
  so no president being the leader of the military branch and such . 
  only the government as the whole is the leader of military branch in politics . 
  when heavy material is needed they use the cv90 . 
  it 's smaller and the rapid fire cannon is great against infantry . 
  you have little bit wrong view . 
  the cv90 is now our primary panzer backbone . 
  well in the netherlands the legislation ts for everybody , but this idiotic website do n't want that . 
  there has to be special mentions for everyone . 
  the dumbest part is that they want separate laws for gays and transgenders . 
  it 's not good if it 's stated in one law and in general terms . 
  c'mon , are you kidding me ? 
  fighting back for 4 days while everyone thought it would only last 1 day ? 
  or being the first who figured out how to stop the v-1s or v-2s ? 
  or what about having really good intel on that a complete ss panzer division was in arnhem ? 
  for a country that hoped to never be part of a war and acted like that , the netherlands were n't that bad . 
  ehm you know that the netherlands has coalitions since before ww2 and has been the example for other countries on how to deal with stuff ? 
  it 's not independence day , but ` mourn about the dead ' - day . 
  we have tomorrow a liberation day , but we do n't have an independence day . 
  this is also a nice one from the netherlands : [ het land van ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yaymuzxlttc ) [ worse quality but translated ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ywrbar1xfs ), 
  although the f35 is a complete new fighter . 
  that was the idea , but then we decided we had enough space . 
  dammit , you got me . 
  now spain lays around the thames right ? 
  and to conquer it i only have to destroy the chain right ? 
  awh c'mon where 's the proud spanish navy that we fought against many years and many years ago ? 
  the dutch newest sub is so stealthy we do n't even know how it 's going to look or where it 's being build . 
  our proud tradition to have our subs build inside the netherlands is probably no more , as the shipyard that made previous subs had filed bankruptcy several years back :( .
