  welcome to the reality of the world of it security . 
  this system has to know where hundreds or even thousands trains have to be at one time . 
  that 's really complex . 
  you really think that prison is the only sentence ? 
  did you read the sentence ? 
  apparently not at all . 
  then i would like to know what according to you the regulations are in the us . 
  because it seems on wikipedia that the usa has indeed better regulation , however those regulations can be easily avoided by funding campaigns and stuff . 
  something that is forbidden in the eu . 
  and of course it 's a big business . 
  the eu is a big union encompassing a lot of people with their own interests . 
  nothing bad about that . 
  that guy did n't get only community work . 
  stop butchering sentences . 
  the guy is also on parole for the next 5-10 years ( ! ), 
  and has to go to prison for a few months if he fucks up again . 
  plus for 4-6 years he is not allowed to drive a car . 
  again someone who does n't know what lobbying is and especially how well regulated it is in europe . 
  although it could always be more transparent . 
  cameron said himself back then that he 's going to get a better deal . 
  the word reform was never said . 
  and looking at the past , uk never wanted to reform because it would probably result in the uk not being a special snowflake anymore . 
  yeah reforms in like how can the uk get everything without paying for it . 
  southern states have some problems with illegal immigrants . 
  and it 's the richest most powerful country and even when taking the numbers of illegal immigrants they still have lower numbers than the whole eu when talking about refugees . 
  which is saying the exact same thing as i just said . 
  that 's like saying that if a family has one criminal amidst them , the whole family are criminals . 
  yeah that \u00b4 s never going to happen . 
  usa letting regfugees in . 
  how many bombings were there in brussels and paris ? 
  two in total ? 
  meanwhile baghdad had 7 bombings in the past 7 months . 
  not including other attacks . 
  well after watching the wolf of wallstreet , i am pretty sure that finance people are some horny bunch of people . 
  so the name fits really well . 
  nono we share the tax returns evenly , the dutch irish sandwich . 
  yes you are . 
  you completly ignore the economics behind it . 
  you keep grabbing to history , saying that the old empires had slaves . 
  but completely ignoring that slaves were just a really small part of the population and you even point to old egypt , while proof of slavery being used there is getting less and less . 
  and you are just ignoring the big picture . 
  please i understand what you are trying to say , but seriously a lot of you are saying is bullshit . 
  especially if you read the website . 
  basically 90 % ( or even more ) is already prevented in the regulation . 
  this regulation is already passed and the only thing that 's is now asked , is how the regulators should implement it . 
  but hey , it 's easier to scream some bullshit , than to do a decent proposal . 
  also i did send a message , not because what you told me , but because what i read on the website . 
  both for the foreigner ( leaving his home country ) as the native ( maybe losing his/her job ) . 
  and in the eu we have agreed that every eu citizen is equal . 
  it 's one of the highest values , and imho the most important . 
  so there are two things a country can do , make sure that the law is followed . 
  a lot of eu foreigners are being abused . 
  and second raise the minimum wage to a level that 's more acceptable for the jobless native . 
  and as long it 's within the uk laws , what is bad about it ? 
  does the roman empire still exist ? 
  or is egypt still a big player in the world ? 
  and again you are overestimating slavery and including things that are n't slavery per se . 
  as said go back to your economics class and pass this time . 
  there 's a lot short term gain for single companies if they uses slavery but it hurts a country 's economy quite a bit in the future . 
  read this : http://www.economist.com/blogs/freeexchange/2013/09/economic-history-2 also do n't overestimate the benefits of slavery . 
  uk includes the people . 
  and if you think that a country would be better of with slavery , you should brush up your economic lessons . 
  sounds exactly like british tourists , so i do n't see how those eastern europeans failed to integrate . 
  they fit perfectly . 
  also does n't say it a lot about the british working class if they get replaced by a foreign working class ? 
  you are really good at selected reading to support your point . 
  when talking about the ukraine referendum nobody in / r/thenetherlands said ever that everyone one who stayed home would have voted in favor . 
  also do n't forget that a low showup means more that people do n't care than voting in favor or against . 
  and the ukraine referendum the biggest group said do n't care . 
  so what does the government , they do n't care about the referendum . 
  and in case of the brexit referendum , you should really acknowledge that the difference in voting is really really small . 
  and even when a group has a small participation percentage , does n't mean that people ca n't complain about having lost . 
  which you are arguing they should . 
  you are saying that they lost and suck up . 
  however democracy does n't work like that . 
  you make some good points . 
  however fuck off with the `` leftist echo chamber '' . 
  i am on the dutch right side ( vvd member ) and especially / r/europe is not a `` leftist echo chamber '' . 
  it seems you think other people are blind , but you are the most blind of them all . 
  no it 's not our way or the highway . 
  it 's that uk stops acting like it is a special snowflake . 
  the uk had already special deals and wanted more . 
  thus the eu stopped saying yes . 
  a very right wing blog with a hard-on for putin . 
  depends on the situation . 
  also do n't forget that the flemish government is n't the only government in belgium . 
  in case of belgium , the money is going to very inefficient governments . 
  germany is the main export market . 
  and it could give us more shipping to rotterdam . 
  i kinda agree on your idea . 
  however tents are not good enough . 
  just decent simple buildings would be way better . 
  and you have way to much trust in that countries outside the eu can or are willingly to set up such camps . 
  you really do n't know what 's going on . 
  you read that , because of the police and the government investigating it . 
  keep up with the news . 
  did n't lidl had plans to grow the amount of their shops with solar panels ? 
  i know that a lot of those shops in germany and czechia already have their roofs covered in solar panels . 
  depends on the building . 
  in some you can hear everything your neighbour do , in others it 's more like that you are the only one on the world .
