well this wo n't be the last time in eastern europe where democracy will be tested . 
  but as long the elections goes by the rules set by the eu , i do n't see we we already should be afraid . 
  honoring ukraine forces as heroes ? 
  you are over exaggerating what / r/europe is . 
  it almost sounds like you do n't agree with what tend to be the average opinion of / r/europe and do n't have real arguments , so you try to discredit it as being not critical and slave followers of one sided media . 
  which is completly not the case in this thread . 
  only because / r/europe tends to be pro-eu and pro-ukraine ? 
  like if the socialists would have done any better at trying to magically repair the economy . 
  the reason why the dutch government stays neutral is that we do n't want to stir up the conflict in ukraine . 
  if our government starts to blame one side and starts further action by example securing the crash site , there 's a great possibility that this will end in ww3 . 
  like everyone in europe is some brainwashed dumbwit . 
  from what i understand both sides respect press presence to a certain degree . 
  also it seems that the defenders have some kind of internet connection . 
  hey i heard that most conscripts ai n't happy being in the army , so it 's not like the wo n't have any army support . 
  well the european parliament can be as difficult to change as the american senate , but some politicians ( one is from the netherlands , my own country ) are trying to change . 
  they made their own rule that they have to enclose which lobbyists they will talk with , where and when and to disclose what kind of offers they got for them personal or their party . 
  if it 's a bad charity . 
  also no-one is saying you should pay them . 
  and the bad way you said is easily avoided . 
  almost every voter think that 's the wrong way to do it and if we made rules about how the politicians have to report what the lobbyists did with them , it will lead to how it should be . 
  not really . 
  companies make profit , charities do n't . 
  also giving out big salaries is not equal to having big profits . 
  because most people complaining about lobbyists are the ones who do n't think about what the original job were of lobbyists . 
  i want to correct those people . 
  do you think that lobbyists are always bad ? 
  depends on the lobbyist . 
  do n't forget that charities have their own pretty big group walking around . 
  the problem is that politicians do n't want to show which lobbyist visit them . 
  we should have some rules about transparency . 
  and are you one of the people thinking that lobbyists are bad even when looking at the basics ? 
  even the black ones ? 
  about the parliament , there 's no way you guys can be worse at it then the belgians . 
  gastarbeiter were not refugees . 
  they were people coming to live in the country for a few years and then return back !, 
  we are now talking about conflict and/or economic refugees . 
  that 's completly different . 
  the biggest problem is that both groups of refugees refuse to learn how our culture works . 
  first time laying it down ? 
  yes . 
  maintenance ? 
  not really , as long it does n't get cracked by frost . 
  nope makes to much noise . 
  i thought presidents would have a lot of knowledge on why things happen . 
  guess not . 
  fify : ~ ~ it was ~ ~ they are a couple of renegade provinces . 
  try again when europe is not sleeping . 
  not really . 
  europeans never saw the use of doing suicide . 
  nah let 's just be neutral . 
  that way we can make to most money by trade . 
  flemish is it 's own dialect . 
  i lived nearby the border , once you crossed it it will be completly different . 
  c2 dutch ( native ) and apparently c1 english . 
  a1 french and german ( did n't pay much attention in hs ) . 
  i also understands brabants , limburgs , flemish and antwerps . 
  but they blocked an important road for a full day !, 
  nah the dutch went for the more luxury version , the volkswagen . 
  also one other reason is that having women on a submarine that operates for several months at a time means you have to stock up extra things you do n't need if your crew is male only . 
  combine that with that our submarines are quite small and space is scarce , it makes it a really practical decision . 
  and what about studying ? 
  here in netherlands we are already complaining on how long it takes to be ready for a job . 
  especially now where we want so less as possible people being dependent of the government . 
  your suggestion would temporary decrease shortage of workers in certain sectors . 
  however you will increase time it takes to study , also you ca n't guarantee that those people will be happy to work there and that may lead in lower efficiency etc. 
  there are lot of stories how it goes wrong if you take a look at south korea . 
  it guys who do n't know at all how computers works etc etc. 
  they learned from it . 
  the outrage was pretty bad . 
  another post claiming that the dutch are bad and deserved this ? 
  well as response on the last sentence , that would sound like typically putin . 
  would also give the eu and usa a legit reason to openly help the ukraine army/government . 
  well then those idiots should have known the same thing . 
  there 's fucking good reason why air spaces gets closed when an army is going to train with live aa . 
  if they were smart they would have stayed away from those aa or insisted on a closed airspace . 
  well come then . 
  this is the fucking fourth time you guys screwed up . 
  should we wait another 10 times ? 
  well it 's the 3-4 time troops with russian backgrounds shot a civilian plane out of the sky vs only 1 from western troops . 
  so maybe you russians should stop playing with aa . 
  well have looked at the wikipages of those two planes . 
  an an-26 is about 50 % smaller then a b-777 . 
  those little fucks have really bad eyes . 
  that 's why they could n't shoot back in other cases . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  the roe was so strict that basically a dutch soldier has to die first before his mates were allowed to fire back . 
  sounds pretty twisted is it ? 
  so you would have fired upon of those serbs , when you are sure that you , all your mates and refugees will then get killed by a ruthless attack by the serbs . 
  and if you somehow survive it , you would be court martialed by disobeying orders and roe . 
  that does n't sound like anything like winning , only losing . 
  they were not allowed to stop the serbs . 
  at least not until the serbs shot a dutch soldier . 
  then we also have the trouble of several heavy tanks in the area and the soldiers only had lmg as the heaviest weapon . 
  the dutch soldiers were illequipped and had a too strict roe, 
  well back in the day you had to buy a ticket and you also had to calculate into it . 
  there 's a solution on that front now , that is that you approve to automatically rise your budget on it . 
  you set a certain amount and the system makes sure it keeps it that way . 
  do n't know in detail how it works , but this basically the basic . 
  unless you have a subscription you still have to think kinda the old way with the card . 
  going to travel ?
