  stop believing that bs . 
  than explain me why estonians should lie ? 
  they have nothing to win with it . 
  it 's looks too much like that russia again need a story to scare it 's population like always for the last few years . 
  why would that guy be prosecuted if he was by accident crossed the border ? 
  like you said there 's no real evidence for both stories , so why still have a prosecution ? 
  and what wpuld they have reached with that ? 
  nothing . 
  so estonians are only lying ? 
  this was in the news back then . 
  that you missed it is not our problem . 
  and then why is there a case against it ? 
  the outer shell is maybe built by the us ( it could be easily licensed , so than it would be us designed and italian built ) however the interior and the fuel system could be easily italian designed and built . 
  for example , the dutch system is completly different than the us system . 
  the us system has only computer screens to navigate the fighter and tanker . 
  however the dutch system also has a big window , so the controller can easily see for himself if the fighter and the hose are in the correct position . 
  however that guy has almost no power . 
  most people who want a real european president want a president like the president of the usa , however that person has too much power in my opinion . 
  president ? 
  never . 
  or the function gets no veto power , no power to declare war . 
  so the president needs approval at all time from the parliament . 
  however the usa never had war on their country because people were n't shielded against idiotic ideas . 
  ww2 was pretty much a war based around such idiotic ideas . 
  europe do n't want that to ever happen . 
  you know that quoting a fallacy is a fallacy fallacy , right ? 
  also it 's not about what someone can hear . 
  it 's about what someone can say without consequences . 
  most european countries and their citizens believe you ca n't get the truth by denying the holocaust or by glorifying hitler . 
  also in basic , both american and european free speech laws are the same with the only difference that some subjects in europe are already predetermined to be hateful or encourage violence . 
  so when are we getting the gas from the usa for the same price . 
  ooh wait , the usa does n't have enough gas for whole of europe . 
  so learn more about europe before you say shit like this . 
  because it 's already going on for too long , while there 's already a lot of damning evidence towards the rebels . 
  that the rebels refused to cooperate the first weeks also does n't do them good . 
  dutch people are too angry to wait , especially because the report is late because of the stalling at the rebel side . 
  all this extra time means that the ones responsible have a bigger chance of getting away . 
  to give the russian news more legitimacy . 
  they hope foreign people will also believe them and this will enforce than again the views of russian persons . 
  first , that height is a lie . 
  that plane was flying at an altitude of 6400m , which is just on the edge of handheld aa . 
  secondly there was little evidence of rebels having capabilities to shoot down planes at 10k . 
  themselves denied that and that denial was backed by russia . 
  and in the end , you should know , that if we did n't fly over any conflict zone you would n't be able to go anywhere outside continental europe . 
  what do n't you understand about the fact that a tribunal is n't ready in a few days ? 
  with getting now ready , they can start to prosecute anyone who was at fault when the report was ready . 
  if the tribunal was only started after the report , it will means the trial would only start some months after that . 
  that 's takes just too long . 
  it 's already more than a year ago . 
  in that year we have seen that russia changes it 's story by the month and the sames goes for the rebels . 
  do you seriously think that if a tribunal had come , they only looked at the rebels ? 
  in what kind of bubble are you living ? 
  they wanted to ** start ** a tribunal . 
  it 's not like the tribunal would immediately work within a few days . 
  they wanted the tribunal to be ready when the report was ready . 
  and even without the report there 's a lot of damning evident against the pro-russian rebels . 
  do n't make me laugh . 
  the only times they become vocal , it will be over ridiculous animal rights . 
  they say they are not an one-issue party , but they clearly act like one . 
  still then where is his source ? 
  windows update with it 's functionality still exists . 
  stop spreading wrong information !, 
  everyone is free to choose when or if they update to windows 10 . 
  and that 's why i pay 4,95 a month for a package that includes travelinsurance . 
  nothing to worry about . 
  already doing that in europe . 
  it does n't work . 
  the greece people protested against all plans . 
  so in that way they protested against anti-corruption laws that were included in those plans . 
  also some of those corruption laws were implemented , but they are like a lot of other laws not actively used . 
  where are the stories about fines ? 
  or arrests ? 
  yes on paper there has been a lot of reforms , but in reality not much has still changed . 
  i am not saying that . 
  however you have to doubt royals that did n't do much to get rid of a dictatorship . 
  also if you do some research you will see that at least the dutch and swedish royals do a lot . 
  is the majority of the dutch people using weed ? 
  is the majority of the italian people member of the mafia ? 
  not really . 
  has the majority of greece people facilitated corruption ? 
  yes . 
  that 's my logic . 
  and the reaction of the greece people after the first two bailouts ( huge shift towards black market , being angry about laws punishing corruption etc etc ) , show that they are not willingly to change . 
  so change has to come from the outside , in other words from the eu . 
  butthurt ? 
  who pays the public workers ? 
  ooh wait the normal people . 
  so explain again why i should n't blame the people making it possible to be corrupt ? 
  to be short , yes . 
  if regulation like requiring to pay by credit card or always demanding a valid receipt is seen as valid things , then corruption is really really really ingrained in the population . 
  especially if there were a lot reports even before 2008 about such corruption . 
  * greece royals, 
  doubt that . 
  corruption is sooo ingrained in greece normal life , i do n't think losing a job would save that . 
   the european net neutrality law - which does enable two tier internet - will overwrite the dutch stricter net neutrality laws . 
  not true , individual states can still uses stricter rules . 
   we started enforcing one of the weirdest , ineffective and product development unfriendly cookie laws all true , but as website you only have to have a some kind of pop-up , nothing more . 
  also this is enforced by the eu  the dutch enforced a data retention law which breached the privacy of telephone and internet users . 
  this was also in 2013 and the writer says himself he would recommend the netherlands back then . 
  there 's no difference .
