  it 's really outdated data . 
  cbs thinks it will be around 18m in 2050 . 
  read the article better . 
   virtually mandatory in france i was pointing at that . 
  ofcourse you should n't just build houses in villages in bumfuck nowhere with nothing to offer . 
  in case of ireland it would make sense to concentrate the decentralisation on villages around dublin and the other bigger cities . 
  and you should n't only move the housing , but also the work and activities . 
   adultery is actually straight up illegal in almost half of us states , while is virtually mandatory in france ... different values are you an idiot that only thinks in stereotypes ? 
  so in other words , what they tried was n't something the netherlands did . 
  they tried something halfheartedly . 
  but hey , it 's easier to say that something does n't work , than trying to figure it out why it did n't work . 
  maybe you should take a look at the netherlands . 
  basically since the 1800 the dutch government tries to spread out the industry and houses . 
  and it can work , if you try hard enough . 
  according the unodc the murder rate in whole of europe is 3.0 per 100.000 inhabitants , while the usa has 3.8 per 100.000 inhabitants . 
  for europe it includes the murder rate of russia of 9.0 per 100.000 inhabitants . 
  so turkish should never be decent to other people ? 
  in the netherlands , uber pop is deemed illegal . 
  there have been some attacks in amsterdam against uber pop drivers , but nothing too bad . 
  well you say really good what the problem is . 
  parties do n't care about national interests . 
  but then you should ask yourself a question , why the fuck do you vote for such party ? 
  and the two alliances you describe are alliances with a central party with a left or right wing party . 
  not with a left wing party with a right wing part , based on the dutch left/right . 
  well the netherlands is nice example how it wo n't be a total choas . 
  however you need parties that know how to do compromises . 
  at the moment we have in the netherlands one of the weirdest coalitions in the world . 
  a labour party working together with a conservative liberal party . 
  two parties from other sides of the political spectrum . 
  and you would be surprised how low the amount of parties are who only have one seat after an election, 
   in which galaxy do you live ? 
  is life good there ? 
  how does milky way look from there ? 
  are you sure you are not the one living in a different galaxy ? 
   for russia it does n't really matter , as long as they lose influence . 
  amybe they should have been friendlier to those countries . 
  fear and warmongering does n't make friends anymore . 
  welcome in the modern age !, 
   of course it is n't but it is n't friendly towards russia howso ? 
  russia can act way more friendlier and get friendlier responses back . 
   yes i think , russia in nato means russia under western/american influence . 
  and on the other side , it will strengthen russian influence to eu/usa . 
  and do you really think that there 's no influence from the western world at all ? 
   it may sound easy in the galaxy you live , but here in milky way we still have n't reached that level of understanding , unfortunately . 
  hmm so the eu does n't work ? 
  weird , i do n't see evidence that the eu did n't work at all . 
  or even how the benelux treaties do n't work . 
  since when did the nato attack serbia ? 
  you mean the yugoslavian wars ? 
  nato attacked pretty much everyone who refuses to stop fighting . 
  libya was n't attacked attacked by nato . 
  there was intervention by the eu . 
  completely different , as there was basically no libya . 
  and since when was iraq friends of russia ? 
  it also seems you do n't know how nato works . 
  countries invite nato , not the other way around . 
  it 's not nato or eu fault when countries see cooperation with nato and eu is better than russia . 
  and there 's the big thing . 
  do you really think that russia ca n't be a big/great power under nato ? 
  have you ever looked at the roles of the eu and it 's member countries ? 
  stop thinking us vs them . 
  start thinking we together . 
  there 's no minimum requirement . 
  everything is done by d'hondt method . 
  basically , all valid votes will be counted and then divided by the amount of seats available . 
  that percentage is what you need to get one seat . 
  when it does n't come cleanly ( like 50-50 for a seat ) parties will talk to each other on who gets the seat . 
  but most of time the party who is bigger tends to get that seat . 
  first , i do n't like such requirements . 
  i really like the dutch system . 
  and that really sucks , however i am not sure what the eu can do except sending a stern letter . 
  why is the 5 % important ? 
  do you need 5 % to get one seat ? 
  or do you need to have at least 5 % to maybe get that seat ? 
   russia and nato are enemies . 
  russia thinks this . 
  if russia just acts less aggressive and want to cooperate , nato and russia can be friends . 
  hell around 2000 they were at least friendly to each other , before russia ended it all . 
  you know what is really funny . 
  of the recent attacks in paris and brussels only two are from outside the eu . 
  so none of your answers are correct . 
  firstly chechnya , is part of the russian federation . 
  they basically are free to travel . 
  so it 's not the greatest example . 
  also we could also forbid any privacy and recruit snitches to detect terroristic behavior . 
  and even then you ca n't prevent it , unless take it on from the source . 
  and ever thought of that we ca n't keep track of all refugees because a certain area of the eu refuses to do anything ? 
  since when was immigration the source of the rebellion of chechnya ? 
  or the attacks in moscow in the early 90s ? 
  and do you know anything about the process a refugee have to go through ? 
  because if it is like you say it is , there should n't be any waiting lists while the truth is that people have to wait 3-4 years already . 
  the fun thing is , that a majority are real refugees and not welfare seekers . 
  but hey , everyone should just fight . 
  war is fun !, 
  it happens nearby illegal israeli settlements . 
  it happens every time when they invade the palestinian areas . 
  yes they do it when getting close to enemies hq . 
  it happens regularly . 
  there was even an increase with dutch subsidised palestinian farms because a dutch law stating that products should be labelled if those come from occupied palestinian areas . 
  well actively forcing them out farms which stand within occupied area .
