  only because i say that everyone , including muslims , have the right to wear anything ? 
  is n't that a liberal standpoint ? 
  you are projecting so much on one opinion . 
  i am sorry , but there 's literally nothing religious about the carnaval i know . 
  it 's about dressing different and party for multiple days . 
  besides that , there are parties/festivals where people wear masks . 
  and certain military and police branches have legitimate reasons . 
  yeah the whole thread reads like this . 
  i can understand a blanket ban on face covering clothing ( with exceptions for carnaval and such ) , but this is just bullying people with a different religion . 
  ever heard of the zwarte kousen kerk ? 
  and that kind of clothing is wore the whole day . 
  and on other days , in some communities , those people wear longs skirts ( or pants for the males ) and other clothing that cover the whole body . 
  there are also people wearing business suits with multiple layers in the same weather . 
  and personally i like wearing black t-shirts and long jeans . 
  but apparently wearing the same stuff as a muslim is brainwashing ? 
  really ? 
  is there a suddenly a difference between business suits , christian sunday dress ( which depending of church can mean that kind of clothes are wore the whole week ) and muslim clothing ? 
  why is it so hard to think that they are doing out of free will ? 
  especially if you think that business suits and other clothing that sometimes are not a great idea to wear in hot weather , but are still wore by people . 
  so military people are brainwashed ? 
  so you also think that dutch people wearing all black , clothing covering everything in the same weather to go to church are brainwashed ? 
  on the other side , there are enough people of my age from my mother 's side who have no problem with going to church with strict clothing code . 
  so maybe you should stop thinking that religion is only forced upon people . 
  there 's a truth in the middle . 
  some do n't do it out of free will and other do it because they want to . 
  not only university , also college students . 
  maybe you should look up the following companies : shell , unilever , asml , nxp , vdl , daf , philips and many service focussed companies . 
  or maybe look at dutch agricultural exports . 
  you would be surprised how much is still produced in the netherlands and being exported . 
  also before you say look at those imports , the netherlands is also a trading country with the biggest harbour in europe and the western world . 
  do you know what also works with creating more jobs ? 
  produce stuff that 's not shit . 
  * erasmus bridge, 
  lol, 
  seriously , come with good arguments then . 
  or are you continuing repeating something in the hope that it will become a fact ? 
  the fact is that perhaps legally west-germany was n't fully sovereign , however in practice it was . 
  also you were the one going this way . 
  only because you refuse to believe that west-germany was a sovereign country in everything but name . 
  ooh really ? 
  free trade is harmful and not wanted in russia ? 
  than please explain why western products are really popular in russia . 
  products that despite being banned are still being smuggled in and bought . 
  funny , both the dutch and english wikipedia do n't make a mention on it . 
  however the german wikipedia make it sound like that part is more the fault of the germans itself . 
  because the first bundeskanzler did n't want to have west-berlin be part of west-germany , because this could lead to social-democrat obesity . 
  is that at fault of the us , uk and france ? 
  or was it because of the soviet union refusing anything ? 
  because to have west berlin be part of a new german country , all four occupiers have to agree to it . 
  and you probably know that the soviet union was furiously against the forming of the west-german nation . 
  basically west-german was as sovereign as it could be under the potsdam treaty . 
  and could n't achieve full sovereignty because of the soviet union refusing to cooperate . 
  but hey , whataboutism is really in and the soviet union was n't at all a bad guy . 
  which interventions ? 
  i am sorry , but the wikipedia page reads like it was only the soviet union was the one that was against full sovereignty until then . 
  so yes you can easily say that west-germany was fully sovereign . 
  than explain to me why japan and west germany were n't fully sovereign ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  you just do n't get to hear what you want to hear . 
  so you are making excuses . 
  well i was wrong about thinking it being a national law . 
  however a lot of communicipals have local laws forbidding face covering clothing . 
  there kinda is a blanket ban on face covering clothing in the netherlands . 
  no no you do n't understand . 
  you are only allowed to do something that he approves , everything else is wrong . 
  why should you have a say what your neighbors wear ? 
  and should i be able to have a say what you have to wear ? 
  as long as it does n't cover the face , what 's the problem ? 
  you do n't work in it . 
  a lot of reasons overlap the why of using older version of office and ie in government it ( or even in a lot of companies ) . 
  people do n't like change , even if it 's minimal . 
  how can he do that when he does n't want to join isis while isis has control of the whole region ? 
  and he also does n't want to fight for assad which controls large areas behind the isis region ? 
  so he has to fight all alone , risking his family to be killed as traitors ? 
  or should he abandon his family and hope to join one of the smaller militias in the country ? 
  the situation is not black and white . 
  also are you in the belgian army ? 
  defending belgium against isis ? 
  awh cute . 
  shall i continue the dick measure contest ? 
  maybe you should look on how similar both are . 
  maybe then you can understand it . 
  wtf ? 
  are you shitting me ? 
  you want to be part of a full on racist workaholic island country ? 
  and have you been sleeping through your history lessons ? 
  yep, 
  only two attacks were done by mentally ill person and people are already now complaining that it is scapegoating ? 
  well it would n't be the first time the media misidentify a weapon . 
  and secondly machetes are more for people living south of the sahara and south america . 
  arabs have more pretty interesting blades . 
  not machete , but with knifes and guns yes . 
  or even bare hands . 
  sadly too many believe that if you scream something , you mean it . 
  everybody can scream something , does n't mean that it should mean something . 
  no not at all , you completely forgot the returns and discounts the uk got . 
  and besides that , the fee is based on gdp . 
  so if a country has a big gdp , it 's only logical that the fee is big . 
  private debt can easily be bought by the ecb . 
  besides there 's not much money to gain from those debts , so you ca n't really argue that a country can make any money from it .
