  well that 's the fun part . 
  there are no numbers that proof that criminals are a large part of the immigrants . 
  there are no numbers that proof that criminality rises . 
  so it 's even very probably that the 1 % is too large number . 
  amnesty international ( [ source ] ( http://www.amnesty.org.au/refugees/comments/33587 ) ) australian senate committee ( [ source ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/australia-migrant-camp-island-nauru-too-unsafe-children-senate-committee-1517881 ) ) australian doctors ( [ source ] ( https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2013/12/24/refu-d24.html ) ), 
  it 's a structural problem , so it can easily be a problem of the system itself . 
  the whole system is designed to just forget those people , which will result in unsafe situations for those in the camps . 
  at the point that we are going to put whole groups together and deny them access to stuff , because 1 % of that group does illegal stuff ? 
  multiple reports of multiple organisations have good evidence that those camps are not safe . 
  well treating people as animals , will give you animals . 
  there 's no good way to assess the situation there , as everyone is forbidden to go there . 
  1 ) multiple dutch sources have no evidence for that in the netherlands and many other countries report the same . 
  so that 's pretty much bullshit . 
  2 ) what 's bad about that , unless you are for only a pure finnish race ? 
  ooh that news . 
  yeah to this date , no-one is sure where he got that figure . 
  because the source is apparently not open for public . 
  and other sources who quote the same source , say stuff that contradict timmermans statement . 
  the only problem with that , there will be no shelter for those not vetted . 
  turkey is n't going to built it and does n't allow the eu to built it . 
  which will hurt those genuinely fleeing . 
  that 's why i suggest to have at least some camps on the outer border . 
  and we are also talking about people being innocent till proven otherwise . 
  so you kinda want to recreate the situation in calais , but then on turkish ground ? 
  i would prevent that by giving them shelter just across the border . 
  mind you , i am not saying that they at all are allowed to walk around the eu . 
  only at our side of the border we can limit the suffering . 
  okay they are more likely to commit rape . 
  but there are still no numbers that proof that refugees will be raping everyone . 
  just because statistics say something , does n't mean that the real world will precisely follow statistics . 
  so because one guest does n't behave , you cancel the whole meeting and kick everyone out ? 
  what do you want then ? 
  turkey refuses our help only because they love to pressure the eu . 
  and thus let those refugees cross the eu outer border . 
  what do you want then happen to those refugees ? 
  because , as i already said , we ca n't help those people outside the eu . 
  turkey refuses direct involvement of the eu in those camps . 
  in many of the source countries of these refugees , we have to do a military presence to protect the camps at all . 
  which is something most member states will refuse to do . 
  so there are two basic options left . 
  give them at least temporary simple shelter in the eu or put up big walls and shoot everyone that comes across and hide ourselves from the real problems . 
  and what about the people that are white and rape people ? 
  should we also decline help to the our own poor because godforbid they have rapists among their mids ? 
  the eu is build on certain values . 
  one of those values is that we help those people who are in need . 
  having people just suffer just outside our borders , just because we ca n't be assed to do something about it . 
  is definitly not something that does n't represents the values of the eu . 
  and as long countries outside the eu do n't want eu help , we have to do it within eu borders . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  that the idea of no-one letting someone in because a whopping 1 % are criminals or terrorists , will be a great idea . 
  let them suffer because we are scared of the terrorists . 
  source ? 
  frontex reports only 7 % are economic refugees . 
  a same like figure is reported by the dutch refugee shelter organisation . 
  so 7 out of 100 migrants are economic refugees . 
  but in this reality we ca n't just expect that the countries outside the eu will do that thing for us . 
  so we have to catch them inside the eu , that 's just the reality . 
  i think the most realistic thing that we can do now is put everyone that 's already in the eu in camps spread around the eu and screen them there . 
  and put camps in countries at the eu outer border to capture those coming into the eu . 
  that will mean that also the uk has to accept that they have to set up refugee camps in their own country . 
  and what is your source for that ? 
  well you are free to go into a warzone , have bullets fly over your head and then choose who is allowed to flee . 
  it 's not realistic to expect that . 
  and as long we as europe keep arguing on idiotic quota and do n't help the countries at the eu outer border , there will be nothing to stop it . 
  i am not sure if i read the same article as you . 
  basically all what amnesty international asks is to give everyone coming over the border some kind of roof over their head and food . 
  and then look case by case if they are allowed in . 
  nothing difficult or costly about it . 
  i even think that if the eu set up camps in turkey , ai would not be against it . 
  ooh yeah there 's so many violence and rape . 
  ooh wait , the figures do n't show big differences . 
  if there are differences at all . 
  he 's speaking about undermining the religion islam . 
  you undermine for only one reason , to ban it . 
  he advocates to work against the islam , basically making it a second class group . 
  if you do n't want to ban it , why want to make it weak ? 
  why advocate stuff that is against most european constitutions , if you do n't want to ban it ? 
  he clearly does n't like the islam and thinks it should just disappear . 
  no matter what the values are of the eu . 
  way to twist my words . 
  banning religions is nazism . 
  considering someone from somewhere else being less is nazism . 
  but hey , nazism worked for the white guy , so let 's copy history !, 
  it 's simple , if anyone thinks that you just should ban a religion , on only one reason of just not liking the people that came with it . 
  you , in my opinion , should n't expect a reasonable answer back . 
  because you are just supporting nazi-germany 2.0 muslim boogalo . 
  firstly , i am pretty much rightwing . 
  secondly islam is a religion , you ca n't ban it . 
  so you have to accept it , like forces of nature . 
  integration does work , although not as great as everyone wants . 
  or am i hearing it wrongfully when a turkish dude speak dutch , follows decently a dutch education and than works in a dutch company ? 
  but hey , it 's easier to just kick out a group of people and betray our values than work towards real stuff . 
  yeah it sucks . 
  i would but only one extra minimum rule on it , at least 1 % of the landmass of the country should be on what is geographically europe . 
  if the eu involves everyone on the geographic europe , we should then probably change name in world union and go further . 
  they did n't wear other clothing or looked very different . 
  if those victims were armed i dare to bet that after only minutes nobody knows who the attackers were and thus start to shoot everyone . 
  and completely ignoring which freedoms other minorities have when compared to other strict muslim countries ? 
  yeah , i was just too lazy to find out how to type peninsula . 
  same area , roughly .
