  well last winter every morning the bus i got the heater was broken . 
  luckily it was indeed not to cold :p, 
  well they have a nicer color in eindhoven . 
  never knew that model had hydrogen engines . 
  those in eindhoven have for certain diesel engines . 
  better then heaters for the winter . 
  well when i am rich enough to have a villa and ferrari in bulgaria those thieves will be returned . 
  in the netherlands , you guys can be as friendly as the other east european workers , only it seems that bulgaria export the most criminals to here . 
  so a carmechanic is nothing to you ? 
  the guy that fixes your pc is nothing to you ? 
  the guy that designs websites is nothing to you ? 
  the guy that builds your house is nothing to you ? 
  the cop on the street is nothing to you ? 
  you are a fucking moron !, 
  how good that dutch soldiers had to watch how serbs just `` cleared '' a bosnian village . 
  personal i believe that the eu should be more carefull about which country should have entered the euro . 
  also i believe european banks where too careless to invest in risk loans and mortages from both the eu and us . 
  i believe that the economies in south europe ( greece , spain , greece and italy ) were n't ready for the euro . 
  in the case of greece and italians politicians were to corrupt , spain was to inexperienced to handle the euro . 
  i think that to have the euro succeed or even to have the european union to succeed , we have to reform how the european union works . 
  european parlement should be smaller . 
  max 100 persons in the shairs there . 
  every european law also validated by european ministers after the european parlement said yes . 
  no country has a veto . 
  the european union should function as a country . 
  a country above all other european countries , who has the last word about stuff that inflicts whole eu . 
  kinda hard if the only things i know the amount of money spend on are the main weekly grocery shoppings done by my mom and the stuff i buy by my self at school . 
  * if i am alone for more the one day , yes . 
  otherwise magnetron meals or meals made by my mom * most meals are just bought at the supermarket , however we have our own tomato 's , cucumber , rhubarb , potatoes and some other stuff , in limited quantities . 
  * see above * i believe `` bio '' or `` ethical '' are that much better . 
  i do n't even believe that having cows all year in a stable is a bad things , as long the cows are not really suffering . 
  but , less poison and less antibiotics are a must !, 
  atm poison legislation is mostly in the hand of the dutch government . 
  antibiotics on the other hand is a case of having the belgian and/or german government to do something about it . 
  antibiotics for animals are difficult to get in the netherlands , but in belgium it 's really easy plus no border controls ... * together with my dutch speaking friends in belgium , we have a deep fried fast food culture not seen anywhere else , unless if there are alot of dutch/belgium tourists every year in one region . 
  hell if you have the right coins you can get the fast move out of a wall !, 
  always funny to see tourist struggling with that kind of vending machine . 
  * so , now you are probably asking yourself , well what does this fast food consist of . 
  fries !, 
  you can choose from belgium fries ( really thick ) , french fries ( you know them ) , normal/dutch fries ( somewhere between french and belgium ) and rasfriet ( not made of potatoes but made of potato powder , i do n't like it ) . 
  these fries are served on a plate , plastic tray or paper cone . 
  a sauce to put on the fries ; mayonnaise , ketchup , curry ( in this case , spicedup ketchup ) , joppie sauce ( some secret sauce made of mayo , unions , eggs and other stuff ) , peanut ( sat\u00e9 ) sauce or mixed variations like oorlog ( war , some regions peanut sauce with unions , other curry , mayo and unions ) , special ( same as oorlog but same weird stuff about the regions ) and my belgium friends like to put boiled stew on it . 
  * as side dish you can choose from different snacks eg kroket ( rest meat including horse ( perfectly fine meat only unsellable in other variations because to small or other reasons ) made into a stew like stuff , some breadcrumbs on the outside et voila ) , frikandel ( almost the same as kroket however mostly more spiced and is more like a sausage ) , bami/nasi-hap/bal ( bami ( red ) or nasi ( yellow ) goreng in a disk or ball shape , you can chose between spicy or not spicy ) and alot more . 
  * where you can find this food ? 
  it 's really easy , for every macdonalds , burger king or kfc we have probably 4 snackbars/frietkot nearby . 
  some are just really a window in a wall others are almost real restaurants and the menu 's have alot of choice . 
  there are more snacks you can try out . 
  however beware , big names like febo or smullers make you pay more for less . 
  * as last i am a dutch male 21 year old student , living in the south . 
  well if you find that already pretty cool , nearby ( + / - 2km ) the main belgium border there 's a town that 's located in both belgium and the netherlands . 
  this because of small belgium enclaves in that region . 
  [ google maps ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/preview#!q=baarle-nassau%2c+nederland&amp;data=!4m15!2m14!1m13!1s0x47c6a5342570ab1d%3a0x808696d1e9939744!3m8!1m3!1d563485!2d5.1189024!3d51.5258257!3m2!1i1366!2i681!4f13.1!4m2!3d51.4451366!4d4.9295231 ) [ english wikipage not much info ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/baarle-nassau ), 
  let 's google that . 
  vaals/vaalserquatier however vaalserquatier ( german part ) is way smaller then vaals . 
  the dutch mainstreet runs for + / -100 m on the border . 
  dinxperlo/suderwick . 
  policestation is right at the border and both houses the dutch and german police . 
  glanerbrug/gronau . 
  nah , i find belgium or czech beers better . 
  however i love the standard size ( 5l nomnom ) but it 's indeed better then dutch beer . 
  by example roofscreens in bmw 's are amde by a company based in helmond , the netherlands . 
  a lot of special bolts and screws are made and designed in the netherlands by another company ( do n't know the name ) hell there 's a big complex in helmond full of companies which produces parts for the mostly german car industry . 
  * major importer of dutch goods , means if the economy in germany is up in one month , next month the economy in the netherlands is up . 
  * beer is okayish * makes great cars with dutch parts * awesome people to party with * beautyful nature * some villages are in both the netherlands and germany * german is our second obligated foreign language in high school * producer of some really good thriller series . 
  they were also big shots in companies and parties . 
  dutch nobles are n't rich because of their titles , but because of their jobs . 
  besides since our golden age nobles are n't that important in the netherlands , only wealthy people . 
  well president is just a title , but no a president should n't get any more powers than a normal member when making laws . 
  it would make the title too powerful and too wanted . 
  you do n't want that , it will pull the focus from the council itself . 
  but when will the crisis end ? 
  will the crisis get worse ? 
  increasing debt in crisis time will increase the chance of getting bankrupt really fast . 
  the crisis of 1930 is a prime example of that . 
  companies were getting debt upon debt in great times . 
  suddenly some companies could n't pay their debt , and this resulted into a domino effect . 
  because one company could n't pay it debt to another company , the company was n't able to pay itself debt . 
  on financial area a state is n't that different from a person of company . 
  a state can get bankrupt and ask the argentines why you do n't want your state to be bankrupt . 
  also do they really decrease their debt ? 
  the usa is still increasing their debt rapidly . 
  no western country has ever decreased their debt after the 1930 crisis and we are running rapidly towards a situation where we ca n't control our debt . 
  and that 's why austerity is important . 
  austerity will set back a country like 5-10 years . 
  getting bankrupt will set back a country like 20-30 years . 
  no president . 
  a president can veto stuff , a big no in my eyes . 
  the eu has a huge parliament now consisting of 766 members . 
  you can only vote for members of your own country . 
  i would love to have that parliament to be smaller ( 200 members at max ) and i can vote on anyone i want . 
  this would make it possible to make real european parties , like you now have in the netherlands with national , provincial and municipality parties . 
  that parliament gets also the power to make new laws . 
  the european council will work then like how the eerste kamer works in the netherlands . 
  checking the laws if they are humane or are allowed according to previous laws . 
  so they pay tax in my country . 
  how to stop this ? 
  one system for every eurozone country to registrate their finances , and then having one minimum level of tax for the whole eurozone . 
  and guess who refuse to give insight on their finances in detail ? 
  basically everyone in the eurozone . 
  the netherlands is one of the most transparent by showing how every cent we received from the eu is spent .
