  than why are n't they used like so by basically all militaries ? 
  you are the one here talking shit . 
  the dutch army literally uses the pzh2000 for the shoot and scoot scenario . 
  why ? 
  because if the spotting is accurate , they are able to shoot the round with a precision of less than 1 square meter , thanks to the advanced trajectory computer . 
  and because there 's only one round being shot at a time , the vehicle self can stabilize itself really easy . 
  most mrl systems are not able to shoot single rockets and rockets themselve tend to be not very accurate . 
  unless you are talking about missiles and missiles are expensive , where as artillery rounds are pretty cheap . 
  if you want the same precision , yes you need that ratio . 
  cheap rockets are inaccurate . 
  hold on , what 's your source ? 
  well that 's because they still have not triggered art50 and just keep stalling . 
  complete with ridiculous racist remarks . 
  we are not voting for one position . 
  we are voting for our national parliament , which has 150 seats . 
  and all of them will be assigned by proportion . 
  as a voter you choose a party and then vote on the person you think deserve a seat . 
  most of the voters just choose for the party leader . 
  `` you went full retard , man . 
  never go full retard . '', 
  hell , the minister had never immunity . 
  for having immunity both countries had to agree that the minister had immunity , which never happened because the netherlands never officially knew that she was coming in the first place . 
  no problem , i thought that you were angry on the vvd and made a funny nickname . 
  why do you keep writing vvd wrong ? 
  well if that 's a problem , he/she does n't know anything about dutch politics . 
  you ca n't really blame him/her . 
  us education is just bad . 
  instead of just spewing nonsensical oneliners , explain what you are trying to say . 
  saw the footage . 
  the `` reporter '' stumbled when the riot police did a charge in one of the side roads of the area . 
  was helped on his feet by riot police and forcefully asked to leave the area . 
  well being a persona non grata means that the immunity only works as long she leaves the country . 
  iirc a government is allowed to remove a persona non grata forcefully . 
  also before someone can have diplomatic immunity , this immunity have to be agreed by both countries . 
  true that , they tend to be always more popular than any government . 
  and now you went full racist . 
  i understand your feeling , there are people abusing the racism patch . 
  however this comment is full racism . 
  well i do n't know any dutch pm that would have had real fans . 
  dutch politics are n't luckily that exciting . 
  well it can hugely depend on the country , so i can only speak about the netherlands . 
  money does not really play a role . 
  this because spending it , is pretty well regulated . 
  also tv and radio debates tend to be more important than just broadcasting commercials . 
  and the election season tend to only last 3 months . 
  this dutch politics not american politics . 
  if money would mean that a party would be the biggest , than vvd and the sp should be the biggest party in the netherlands . 
  atm being the biggest party in the polling in the netherlands means that the party has 20-22 seats , which translates into having about 13 % of the people voting for that party . 
  you would need 76 seats to have a majority , which is only reachable by having a coalition with other parties . 
  which is impossible for the pvv as basically all big parties refuse to be in the same coalition as them . 
  i think you should lower the amount of whatever you are smoking . 
  it seems that it makes you paranoid . 
  `` the ronson '' problem was only in the first version when the fuel tanks were mounted outside and not tested in desert locations . 
  so when the first operations of the sherman were done in north africa , yeah some would just spontaneously burn . 
  but that problem was fixed within months . 
  also do n't forget how important training and experience is in such situations . 
  rookie americans went up against veterenas which were fighting pretty much non-stop for the last 4-5 years . 
  key word * cared * . 
  past tense, 
  but the minority is a small minority who also did n't really care . 
  if they really cared about the referendum they would be protesting now , but they do n't . 
  so why would a government listen to that ? 
  also there 's proof that the no-camp is corrupt and cheated their way through . 
  because they are a minority ? 
  and a really small one at that . 
  the majority of the netherlands did n't care , so there 's no majority against it or for it . 
  thus the dutch government can do anything they like with it . 
  when putting it on the street is cobblestone cheaper than asphalt , however asphalt requires way less maintenance when the road is used a lot . 
  that 's why a lot of the bigger roads are asphalt in the netherlands but many neighbourhood roads are some kind of cobblestone . 
  what you are typing is not true at all . 
  the charge can be , depending on state , anything between second degree murder and involuntary manslaughter . 
  this also does n't mean that it will be registered as murder . 
  not really, 
  $ 1000 a year is basically nothing if you compare it with the costs you make if you get seriously ill . 2 . 
  and even if you pay nothing directly does n't make it technically free . 
  salty much ? 
  i think that you underestimate how much the eu tend to spend on those projects . 
  most eu projects i see are for at least 20 % funded by the eu . 
  in all those projects the eu tend to be a major party . 
  well tbh the most governmental change i would love to see is on municipality level . 
  and if the people is okay with the national government not doing much , than why change ? 
  hmm are you a bit insulted ? 
  in the same vain as your comment ; i do n't know any indian companies with good software . 
  or any good company . 
  yes i know of cg/avantha . 
  so are we now done with insulting/proudly showing ignorance ? 
  well for project managers you need to change how higher education is given . 
  iirc studying it at an polish university will give you a lot of technical knowledge , however the study does n't teach anything about leading/managing a project . 
  the r&d problem could be because of horrible governmental support or a lack of entrepreneurship skill or ( most likely ) a combination of both . 
  is de exception proving the rule . 
  hell i would say that cd projekt red is basically the example that poland can be more than only an outsource country . 
  without the greater context , sound more like your government made the bad choice by going into the euro . 
  fyi joining the euro was and is voluntarily . 
  on the last part : from what i understand : * china ; great at physical things , but coding is kinda a no no because they will run off with the code after you pay and got it from them . 
  good luck with sueing them for violating your copyright . 
  * india : if * everything * is put properly on paper , they will be great code monkeys . 
  but are really proud and stubborn , in a way that mostly works negatively towards themselves . 
  * poland : great at coding but need foreign ( trained ) project managers and r&d . 
  well it is also basically the only market i know . 
  and i assure you , on technical level poland it is on the same level as dutch it .
