  i think i am going for island isolationisme . 
  besides i have quite a lot of experience with ckii . 
  so the basics are there . 
  now if you excuse me , i am going to do the tutorials now . 
  if we are including philips , a lot of stuff will come up . 
  well it could also be the case that the one you used , was a bad/cheap one . 
  one word : taxes . 
  well let 's start learning this game by jumping into the dark . 
  that does n't mean that the majority register themselves as refugees . 
  maybe albanians should n't try to even register themselves as refugees . 
  claiming asylum is n't illegal , staying around after a no . 
  that 's illegal . 
  albanians are easy , they are from an safe part of the world . 
  thus they are illegal after filing for asylum . 
  they are also illegal without a visa . 
  which most of them do n't have . 
  the biggest part of illegal immigrants are at the moment albanians . 
  the biggest part of illegal immigrants are at the moment albanians . 
  the crime , together with a smaller group of others , is being illegal . 
  statistics . 
  in the winter months , most fake refugees came from albania . 
  you know that , in at least the netherlands , the albanians are causing the biggest troubles . 
  do you have proof that structural shortage is n't the problem ? 
  do you have proof that structural shortage is n't the problem ? 
  the proposal does n't ban handguns at all . 
  but hey it 's easier to keep saying the extremes than wanting to compromise . 
   you are the one that is talking about gun laws in europe without knowing them at all . 
  and you are talking about firearms like they are toys and should be accessible for your own enjoyment . 
  are you really ignoring the fact that something like a middleman exist ? 
  are you ignoring that laws can be exploited and that this proposal proposes stricter laws , so it get 's more difficult to exploit said laws . 
   how many people die to illnesses related to food ( obesity , diabetes etc. ), 
  compared to the 1000 that are murdered each year by gun wielding criminals ? 
  is food invented to kill people ? 
  however firearms are built to kill people , cars not . 
  and still those cars had to follow laws . 
  you are arguing that old cars should n't follow any law . 
   source on that again . 
  since you are literally saying that criminals in your country are going to other countries and apply to permits and licenses just to get guns for their life of crime . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  ever heard of the middleman ? 
  it 's hilarious that you think that there are no specialization within the criminal world . 
  source on modifying firearms ? 
  you are the gun nut , are you now playing dumb ? 
   because they usually just own them and not use them so they end up being about as dangerous as an old car . 
  owners of old cars still have to follow most of the same laws as owners of modern cars . 
  in a lot of countries the law is even more strict for older cars . 
   have you looked at the deactivation regulations ? 
  if you have you would know why museums and collectors want `` working '' guns . 
  those proposed deactivation regulation laws the same in the netherlands and i have n't heard dutch war museums complain about non-working guns . 
  it even makes it easier to display them , as they are useless in any other fashion . 
   what is `` easy '' and read the proposals before you asume they actually only want to limit those weapons . 
  the proposal is directly targeting semi-automatic weapons that have automatic versions . 
  and if you do n't know , those versions have only really small differences in their firing mechanism . 
  and those small differences make it easy to convert . 
   i know of no eu country in which you can buy firearms that require a licence anonymus ( legal ) so this is allready the case so why change a working system if there has been no problem with registration so far ? 
  what 's the problem with more prevention ? 
  and if all european countries forbid selling and buying through the internet , why is it bad to make it an europeaan law ? 
  do n't forget that this proposal is a complete package . 
   taking away freedom to own stuff needs proper explaination not keeping it . 
  does the proposal state that ? 
  i do n't find anything in the proposal about airsoft guns or items related to that . 
   because unifying for example austrias you need to be 18 and not a criminal to buy a gun with lets say the uk is going to be very interesting . 
  thus ? 
  one of the two parties would probably need to compromise . 
  you are afraid that your easy acces of firearms gets limited . 
   are the responsible for the homicides or used in homicides that could have happened anyway ? 
  ( gangs/in family killing ) also speaking from austrias perspective we have a `` perfect '' murder rate you do not get much better than that and disowning a million gun owners in austria for little gain is against a number of basic rights . 
  yeah the great `` let 's not register the crime , because is done by criminals '' argument . 
  and because one country in the schengen treaty has no problems with firearms , does n't mean that those laws could be the source of problems with firearms in another country . 
  they were legally obtained somewhere , mostly within the eu . 
  also a lot of semi-automatic guns that are sold within the eu are easily converted in automatic guns . 
  in the whole of europe we have something called the schengen treaty . 
  that treaty only works good if laws are fairly equal across all the countries that are part of that treaty . 
  and maybe you do n't know , but it 's way more difficult to have an eu wide legislation than national only . 
  and really are you comparing firearms , tools invented and made to kill people , with food ? 
  so this article has some good arguments , but the biggest argument is stating that any gun control law wo n't work . 
  because the simple argument is , criminals will always be criminals . 
  and i have more issues with what they say . 
  let 's start with the points they say are `` controversial '' . 
   the inclusion in the firearms directive of all private collections and museums that are currently exempt , but subject to national regulation i am not sure how this is a bad thing . 
  why should those institutions be exempted to not be able to have working ( semi - ) automatic weapons ? 
   mandating all eu member states to impose a retroactive ban on the possession of automatic firearms , without exception , including those which have been permanently deactivated and those in museums and private collections . 
  the proposal text itself states that museums are exemted from this ban , as long the gun can never be used . 
   mandating all eu member states to ban semi-automatic firearms that resemble automatic or military firearms , which will have to be deactivated or destroyed in the proposal text they are spefically talking about semi-automatic firearms that can be easily converted into an automatic firearm . 
  i fail to see why that 's a bad thing . 
   a ban on the online acquisition of firearms , key parts , or ammunition through the internet . 
  thus buying firearms ca n't be bought anonymous and has to be bought in person . 
  makes it easier to correctly indetify the person buying the firearm . 
   limitations of magazine capacity okay , this is a fair one . 
  if automatics are banned , what 's then the use of limiting magazine capacity ? 
   restrictions on air-soft ( bb , or plastic pellet ) firearms if this group find this controversial , they should explain it first . 
   other administrative restrictions on the certification and licensing of sports shooters and hunters . 
  the proposal text talks about streamlining and unifying those administrative restrictions . 
  why is that bad ? ], 
  and now on some points they say in their research report :  firearms are used in only about 20 % of homicides , and handguns are more often used than rifles or shotguns . 
  this really read as firearms are not bad , look they are ** only ** responsible for 20 % of all homicides . 
  i am sorry but 20 % is still a high number . 
   terrorist attacks in europe are rare and not representative for homicides in europe . 
  and that makes it not important to look at solutions to prevent these ? ', 
  and yet there are automatic weapons that get traced to from within the eu .
