  as long they were implemented within some years . 
  and c'mon the hard play of syriza destroyed the fragile economy more than all of the austerity measures . 
  greece had some goodwill within the eu and companies . 
  there 's none left now . 
  you think that several decades of doing the wrong stuff , should just be fixed within a few years ? 
  also before the bs of playing hard ball for the latest amount of help money , there was growth . 
  growth that was destroyed because greece could n't guarantee to companies that they wanted the bailout of the eu . 
  so people who were part of the problem , should n't feel the afterfall of the problem ? 
  which one ? 
  of the eu doing more than / u/cornfedmidwesternboy thought . 
  or that usa is more dependent is of china than the other way around ? 
  we are not talking about a war that maybe could be a defensive war of the eu . 
  we are talking that would be basically the textbook example of a defensive war . 
  why would china physically attack usa ? 
  do n't you know that usa is more dependent on china than china on usa ? 
  secondly , fuck off with thinking that eu ca n't do shit . 
  who is the first line in defence against smuggling drugs through the caribean ? 
  the dutch navy . 
  who is the most active in defending ships against somalian pirates ? 
  an eu task force . 
  who had more success in securing afghanistan than the usa ? 
  eu forces . 
  if that 's true , and they use it when the eu get attacked . 
  they will be probably more isolated than nk . 
  but in what scenario would a country attack the usa and not the eu ? 
  there 's pretty much no realistic scenario that would do that . 
  already pretty much done with the navies . 
  although they can choose to do different wars than the netherlands . 
  problem for sweden is , that they are tied to nato by the eu . 
  they promised to protect the eu . 
  many european nato countries are member of the eu . 
  so basically , in practice it does n't matter which organisation it is . 
  if europe gets attacked , sweden has to cooperate . 
  it was on several accounts ( twitter , blogspot and kontakte ) , one of which was a confirmed official press channel by the rebels themself . 
  it 's an europe wide operating company . 
  of course it 's interesting to know about it . 
  especially because the dutch daughter accused the ns and their families daughter company qbuzz of foul play when bidding for rights in south limburg in the netherlands . 
  a main company always have some responsibility about corruption of their daughter companies . 
  ooh now i can claim that i am 1/20th norwegian . 
  that gives me a free beer in norway right ? 
  the problem is that quite a lot of people , especially those from the usa , have degrees that are more worthless than a bought degree from an african university . 
  that combined with that a lot of companies do n't have the resources to check if the subjects of the degree is what they want , most of them wo n't even start . 
  secondly , there 's a lot bureaucracy surrounding hiring people from outside the schengen area . 
  are you living under a rock or are you only watching the news that comply to your bias ? 
  massive rape is not proven . 
  there 's some fighting but there 's more fighting in the clubbing area of eindhoven than in most centres . 
  both sides are well represented . 
  that you think otherwise is more because of your bias . 
  interesting part about the republic . 
  it 's pretty bad if the netherlands mocks you about being republic at the time . 
  well supporting rebels in ukraine and attacking georgia does n't really help . 
  the only difference is the amount of people . 
  but okay good to know that i should refuse you as refugee in the future because you are not from my country . 
  well before ww2 countries refused to accept jews fleeing germany . 
  those countries were denounced after ww2 . 
  why should that be repeated now ? 
  but with moslims . 
  research the holocaust again . 
  you will notice that not only german jews were killed . 
  there 's no imposing or forcing a foreign culture into a country . 
  firstly , the islam is a religion not a culture . 
  secondly , no-one is demanding that a whole country change in religion or culture . 
  the only demand is to accept real refugees instead of only pointing to the rich countries . 
  not really , or should we just stop caring about the holocaust because nazi-germany did n't want any jews ? 
  ** dutch culture : ** new movie is coming out this week . 
  it 's a comedy that looks a lot like bad boys and such . 
  looks pretty fun . 
  you know that turkey is more middle east than europe , right ? 
  and that overall the middle east is really not a great place for jews ? 
  come to a synagogue in the netherlands , it 's not that bad you think it is . 
  not really , you simply forget systems like the goalkeeper and other defense systems . 
  it 's sad that people do n't see that it 's another view on reports that are emotionally manipulative , hypocritical and highly biased towards the conservative right ? 
  pretty much the same , however with one inclusion . 
  * refugees are not allowed to change of country within 7,5 years of first entry and are obligated to learn that country language within 5 years . 
  all dutch military personal are discouraged to go to the press over everything . 
  however they are encouraged to do the thing they think is the correct way . 
  also keep in mind , the person in the comment could also tell the union . 
  and the union is free to say pretty much everything . 
  not forgetting rampant racism . 
   i do n't see neo nazis in the street murdering foreigners , even if their ideology is violent like that . 
  although they are technically not foreigners , but russian neo-nazis are killing gays on the street . 
  also there 's some proof that neo-nazis are threatening foreigners personally . 
  which does n't help making those foreigners like us . 
  edit : however indeed a lot of people with radical ideas do n't really act upon . 
  the same goes to muslims . 
  despite making a chance to be big , i still do n't see a dutch national party that wants the syriza law . 
  or you think because not everything goes the way you want , that everything is bad . 
  that 's pretty much my point . 
  however it seems that in the netherlands already start with the second generation . 
   they are obliged but it might not be good enough for refuges , they might not like it . 
  some do not like finland or austria . 
  however they are not allowed to refuse those refugees if those are deported back . 
  too bad that most eu countries like to ignore that eu-law . 
   ritualistic killing have been banned in poland due to animal rights movement . 
  should we abolish that law because refuges will not be able to get cheap local halal food ? 
  poland has the obligation to accommodate other religions . 
  to which extend is free to every country . 
  however i want to point out that the un universal declaration of human rights is pretty much eu-law . 
  and i will quote article 18 :  everyone has the right to freedom of thought , conscience and religion ; this right includes freedom to change his religion or belief , and freedom , either alone or in community with others and in public or private , to manifest his religion or belief in teaching , practice , worship and observance . 
  it 's up to your local politicians and judges how far a government should go in accommodating other religions .
