  ehm you know nato is a defense pact and that it 's completly else from actively supporting the usa faults ? 
  you should also know that most of the eu grants are especially not for the military . 
  weapon sales are on an all time low . 
  and please stop saying that 's completly normal to occupy government buildings with aks because you do n't like a government that only got power for one day . 
  also change your france flag with the russian flag , with your russian proganda thanks . 
  lol , so in that reasoning ; who know how many the dutch navy has . 
  the [ walrus ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walrus-class_submarine ) class subs are also known to be very stealthy . 
  it surprises me that they have so few subs , they have only one more than the netherlands . 
  why they did n't close down ? 
  till then the highest altitude that was shot down was something like 8km and not in the area of the corridor . 
  also it was thought that the separatists were smart enough to know the difference between civilian and military . 
  and it was thought that they were smart enough to know that using one buks launcher is a bad idea . 
  the buks system is like the patriot system , you need also a dedicated radar installation that 's best connected to as much as possible civilian radars and responders . 
  also it is reported by the oecd that the pro-western quite a tad better than the pro-russian side humaniter wise . 
  yeah that 's also an example why stability is good for children . 
  not all divorces are messy , but sadly most of them are . 
  were you watching the russian version of it ? 
  it was the dutch rtl7 news that broadcasted this as first in pretty much as i described . 
  you probably mix it up with the outcry that news resulted , an outcry that is justified . 
  do n't shoot down commercial planes and if you do , stay the fuck away from the crash site . 
  the separatists do n't deserve any respect anymore . 
  no they they told it as it was , a separatist that 's part of the organization that shot down the plane went through people personal belongings with no knowledge how to do it . 
  argh all those research are what effect unstable relations can have . 
  and that 's what you wanted ffs ! \\ there 's more , so feel free to google for it yourself . 
  also why do you think organisations like dcfs exist ? 
  because it 's as easy as just some googling ; http://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/73/6/749.short http://bpdfamily.com/bpdresources/nk_a108.htm http://www.patient.co.uk/doctor/child-parent-relationship-and-potential-problems need more ? 
  just google it . 
  unstable relationships are the worst thing for a child . 
  a child does n't care if it has two mother or two fathers , a child only wants to be loved and cared for and gay people are as good in that aspect as any other people . 
  because that claim is proven multiple time to be true and is getting pretty much common knowledge . 
  it is political and for a pretty good reason . 
  why ? 
  also what about those research about how divorces are bad for children . 
  a divorce is not a stable environment . 
  and got raped and murdered over and over again . 
  also it 's not like your example . 
  they only change the name of the 1939-1945 war to the international name ww2 and not really celebrating the victory but mourning the deaths . 
  so chill out . 
  he said it was tragic , but in the western world you do n't fucking touch those stuff without being part of the research team . 
  also he said he got after searching in a suitcase . 
  they should not have touch it at all !, 
  and what about the structural starvation of ukraine , helping the kgb to get millions people in the gulag etc etc ? 
  but the different name is n't that problematic and the poppy is just a weird choice , so chill down . 
  just understand that ukraine do n't want to have anything do with russia , for good reason . 
  ehm was the worst then ? 
  soviet union loved to kill everyone slowly ... 
  no , they report that the russian media reports only when the ukraine side does something wrong , or twist it that way . 
  the western media report enough about the ukraine civil war and do this without twisting the stories . 
  not reporting the 100th bullshit report of the ukraine government is not the same as twisting a report . 
  maybe they do n't report because they know it 's bullshit ? 
  not really news , but sadly that they continue to misinform . 
  why ? 
  what you said about the bulldozer is correct , but the driver would n't be charged with manslaughter or murder . 
  at max with violence against officer like all other protesters . 
  and the protest started because the western ukrainian people did n't trust the then government anymore . 
  also the un wanted to deploy peacekeeping force there , you know who voted against it right ? 
  russia , the same country to supports separatists that refuse to acknowledge big mistakes like mh17 . 
  so do n't start at respect for one side . 
  the westerns ukrainians are not who have no trouble with shooting down commercial planes , shooting with the least precise artillery from residential areas . 
  you should also know that the western world does n't fully support western ukraine , like russia with the separatists . 
  the escalation to full blown civil war were n't the west , it was the east with their ak 's , unidentifiable russian soldiers and heavy war gear . 
  you know that the majority of the parliament followed him blindly ? 
  they never went to vote him out . 
  also those early elections ? 
  they were only held 3-4 months at the earliest after the 4 month occupation . 
  it took him four ( 4 ! ), 
  to promise early elections . 
  after documents that gave free reign to the paramilitary police to use lethal force . 
  only one government building burned down and nobody was sure who did it . 
  both parties pointed fingers at each other . 
  yes there were small scale riots , but never is a riot a reason to use lethal violence against it . 
  and do n't point to the usa , they do n't know how to handle riots or guns . 
  yeah there was another democratic way to get the president away , but it was already abused by the president . 
  so the only way was keep protesting . 
  also yeah the western ukraine stormed government buildings , but they did n't kill or shoot their way in . 
  they did n't have ak 's like the separatists . 
  in the end you have a small majority of a whole country that did n't want the president . 
  there 's no way you can see that as a sign that a government should continue . 
  you know what both side should have done ? 
  not using fucking lethal force . 
  and do you know who used the most ? 
  the separatists and supporters of the old president . 
  also if you think eu was willingly to have a coup ? 
  the eu is the resemblance what real democracy is . 
  this shit is n't the will of the eu or western world , but the protests were justified . 
  you know that in some cases there 's proof they were `` anti '' - protesters that wanted to give the government a reason to strike back hard . 
  also , besides the occasional flare and the bulldozer it 's tame . 
  not full run in . 
  but would n't you be upset if you know that everyone you know is against the government and they refuse to step down after already a full month protesting ? 
  and yeah i condemn the violence , but those protesters did n't go full lethal like the paramilitary police . 
  you see how careful the bulldozer pushed ? 
  it could easily give gass and run over the officers , but it does n't . 
  only after a lot of pressure both from the protesters and the eu , janoekovytsj after 4 months . 
  do you think it still that they would have done something about it ? 
  that guy was pushing laws through so he could get more power , there was no intent that he was ever to leave his office . 
  russia and the seperatists were better off to wait their revolution after the elections you said . 
  where are those video 's ? 
  it only got violently on 18 february and later dates . 
  most evidence points to that the paramilitary police force started it and shot with real bullets . 
  after the president used paramilitary police and armed anti-protest persons against the protesters with deadly force .
