  but they if there 's a second crisis ( which can be bigger ) they have a bigger chance of going bankrupt . 
  austerity does n't give results on the short term , but it works in the long term . 
  edit : also , if a person has huges debts , do you say to that person that he/she should get more debts ? 
  that 's only viable for companies . 
  and our economy is healthy enough to allow it . 
  explain . 
  also direct voting to the parliament and smaller parliament would be pretty awesome . 
  and that ai n't going to happen in the coming 20 years i think . 
  there are only 3 countries being completly transparent with the money they receive from the eu ; netherlands , denmark ( i think ) and ireland ( i think ) . 
  all other refuse to give insight . 
  if those small amounts are that difficult to show , then i ca n't imagine the effort you would need to open up all those billions . 
  then we should start with the same system to registrate money revenues . 
  and then linking it to each other . 
  having two screens makes it really easy to do homework and binge watch house of cards . 
  according to a lot people it does n't . 
  well then let 's say your vision probably would n't be realized in your life . 
  aah well , they probably should tried to hire a native russian speaking actor . 
  so when will the greeks pay 42 % income tax ? 
  yeah when an organisation/person is stacking debt fast that organisation/person would be told to cut spending to avoid getting bankrupt . 
  suddenly it does n't apply governments , while the difference between a government or an organisation is n't that big in financial areas . 
  then the tax system has to be the same everywhere . 
  i do n't see that happening in south europe any time soon . 
  and yes i am a little wrong at how much they loan . 
  but they have to spend $ 17 billion to pay only the interest . 
  do you understand what you can do with that amount of money if it was n't spend on interest . 
  for someone who speaks not russian . 
  it sounds russian . 
  but it 's a one economy , not fractured like the eurozone . 
  because differences between the different euro countries gdp and credit ratings , there 's a big chance that the eurozone wo n't be able at all to have the same level of debt vs gdp . 
  also printing too much will hurt them . 
  if banks notice that they devalue their coin to fast , they will ask higher interests for future loans , which in return means they have to pay more money for their debts . 
  in short , just strive to have no debt . 
  spain and portugal had relative to other european countries really lax economic laws . 
  so that made the property bubble worse . 
  some say the bubble would n't be even there when having more strict rules . 
  ireland was disproportionate hit by the bank crisis . 
  well at least it was n't that horrible fake russian-english . 
  damn you are in a real treat !, 
  was n't born when that happened , so sorry i forgot . 
   no , it does n't . 
  if it did , the us would not be growing at it 's current pace . 
  the usa has an insanely huge economy . 
  so they can have an insanely huge debt . 
  but if they continue this path , they will fail to be able to pay their debts . 
  when that happen , the results will be huge . 
  until now the usa is able to pay their debt . 
  remember that . 
  no european country is able to do that . 
  if a country ca n't pay it 's debt , they are bankrupt . 
   i 'm saying that further austerity measures were halted , if the government continued to enforce anymore austerity growth would slow down . 
  that 's true , but not being able to pay the debt would have worse results . 
   our growth is primarily due to dependency on us multinational corporations . 
  the fact that growth is increasing in both the uk and us is the primary reason for our current growth patterns . 
  that 's probably true , but those companies would n't be there if ireland was n't able to pay it 's debt . 
  a bankrupt country is pretty scary for foreign companies , because those countries tend to nationalize or apply huge taxes . 
  some things that companies hate . 
  for ireland it 's kinda probably the truth . 
  their problem were too much failing big banks . 
  for spain and portugal , majority back then voted for governments which did n't regulate a lot especially in the financial world . 
  that majority is still a majority today . 
  they are also responsible for what happened . 
  do n't only blame the banks or other bigger corporations . 
  the population is also too blame , like in pretty much every european country . 
  even when everything was fine before the big bailouts , the principle of not spending more than necessary still stand . 
  that 's like saying that you should spend the same amount when you was employed while being unemployed . 
  you know what hinders growth even more ? 
  not being able to pay debt . 
  when does that happen ? 
  when the debt is too high . 
  also i ca n't find any info where it says that the austerity policies were reverted . 
  irish people are still paying for their water , vat is still 23 % , property tax still exist . 
  because the irish government implemented those and they did n't had more problems , there was no need for more austerity . 
  and that 's why they can grow now . 
  if they did n't implemented that , their debt would be bigger and they would have a bigger problem and thus need for more radical austerity . 
  austerity wo n't show immediately growth . 
  but it will save you from bigger problems which will decrease growth even more . 
  ireland got growth after they reformed , decreased subsidies and made people pay for certain utilities . 
  all are examples of austerity . 
  because of that they got more money than they spend , which in turn could spend on other things . 
  if you had huge debts , you do n't go to spend more . 
  it only makes it more difficult for you . 
  so you cut your spending , pay your debts and in the end you have more money to spend . 
  that 's austerity and it works . 
  not for only persons but also for nations . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_republic_of_ireland#national_recovery_plan_2011.e2.80.932014 this is a prime example what austerity is . 
  after they did austerity implementations . 
  ireland , spain and portugal show that austerity works , but it will hurt in the beginning . 
  then please accept my apologies . 
  and yeah . 
  the ( in ) famous last minute penalty for the netherlands . 
  * brazilians not mexicans . 
  biggest difference ; one speak portuguese other spanish . 
  i am not a fan of gymnastics . 
  so i forgot his prestations . 
  the winter olympics of 2014 . 
  because the netherlands was owning with ice skating . 
  for the males it was a complete dutch podium for the 500m , 5000m and 10000m . 
  for the females it was only the 1500m . 
  the second place goes to the wc of 2014 . 
  beating guest country brazil with 3-0 for the third place .
