  ca n't tell about about international ones , but in the netherlands there are a lot . 
  protests against nuclear cruisemissles in the netherlands , after the second the government decided to return them to the usa . 
  protests against the decoupling of wage and unemployment benefits , the decoupling never happend . 
  protests against uberpop by cad drivers , uberpop is declared illegal and the government decided to have more police against it . 
  all were peaceful and happened on protest # 1 area , the malieveld in the hague . 
  no , then you are an asshole . 
  period . 
  the average joe has all the tools to prevent this . 
  too bad for the average joe . 
  there 's enough information to learn about the system . 
  hell it 's mandatory in high school . 
  if you still then do n't want to make a difference , why should someone care ? 
  it 's bad , but i do n't see why it 's a politician job to get more people to the ballot box . 
  if the people do n't care , then why should someone else care about them ? 
  as said above , why should they care ? 
  it makes only easier to target voters . 
  and demolishing everything will result the same but you end up in jail or a lot poorer . 
  a vote for another party is way more dangerous for a politician than someone not voting , so why should they care ? 
  never destroy stuff . 
  also in most cases you will get enough exposure when just protesting in the designated protest areas . 
  nh-90 has got a lot of fixes . 
  in the dutch navy it 's in active service with no limitations any more . 
  there were multiple news outlets pointing it out , multiple times . 
  in one report around 2005 from a dutch news programme , where a full village was full aware that their local restaurant did n't pay any taxes because he gave discount to the local sitting government . 
  no inhabitant wanted to change that situations . 
  all the denial from greece citizens that 's happening now , looks a lot like the ` ich habe nicht gewusst ' of the germans after ww2 about what happened to jews and other non-germanic people back then . 
  it 's a harsh link , but the greece citizens were completly able to do something about the corruption . 
  the corruption of the greece government was so widespread , that it 's almost impossible to find a citizen who did n't used it for their own gain . 
  hell they kept voting for the same parties and those elections were pretty legit . 
  they did n't vote those parties out , no they wanted that those parties stayed , despite a probably bad future . 
  that 's why i do n't make a big distinction between the greece government and it 's citizens . 
  because they could change their government , but they did n't want that . 
  greece citizens knew that was happening in their country was n't alright . 
  politicians giving to local business exception to pay taxes , ridiculous low income taxes while having low pension ages , high pension pay out etc etc. 
  greece was squandering away money , which was multiple times pointed out by foreign and national news sources and the greece citizen did n't care . 
  why ? 
  because otherwise they had to pay higher taxes . 
  now they notice what the fallout is from that policy . 
  a lot of loans , especially those from greece , were taken before the crisis . 
  most countries had/have a good function economy that could handle those loans . 
  greece took loans while hiding that their finances and economy were pretty bad . 
  the loans for the bailout were only the tippingpoint . 
  i make a reference that transform a country into a person . 
  you say that 's a fallacy and thus not appliable . 
  thus what i said is not true , which was that a country ( transformed in my comment into a person ) is also at fault when loaning to much money, 
  but the downfall of greece was not only the housingbubble of 2008 . 
  greece as nation was knowingly creating their own bubble . 
  and the citizens were completly okay with it . 
  source on the malnutrition ? 
  and yes greece fucked so big they have to accept that they probably will go to a gdp of romania . 
  and that will hurt . 
  why is a country never at fault when loaning money ? 
  in a country where taxes were insane low , tax evasion was ( and is ) a national sport , every strict rule will make the situation worse . 
  only because the citizens are in denial that they were for a big part the source of the problem . 
  what ? 
  when someone is stupid enough to loan too much , it 's also a fault of that person . 
  it 's not 100 % the banks fault , especially when greece lied structurally about it 's budget . 
  the citizens are responsible for the the almost bankruptcy of their nation . 
  for years greece just spend money on everything , loaning it all . 
  then 2008 hit and they did had the money to save everything . 
  in the netherlands had big banks failing , they were rescued because the money was there . 
  hey , we are loaning you billions of euro 's for almost nothing while your economy is still in the shit . 
  of course we want strict rules . 
  only when there \u00b4 s no election time , so kind of 2 out of 4 years . 
  inspired by comments from others : learn to make clogs and stroopwaffles . 
  sell them to the new friendly tourists . 
  iirc there was a small tramline between eindhoven and turnhout . 
  the dutch part is demolished , the belgian part is made to normal rail line to lommel . 
  i like how you stopped calculating the shut downs per year . 
  the dutch reactor comes out on 0.6 shutdowns per unit per year . 
  so the belgian reactors still have the double amount of shutdowns than the dutch one . 
  i like also how you point out that one source is indeed from anti nuclear organisation , but you give out as source the company that owns the reactors . 
  of course they will say that they keep being transparent and trying their best . 
  and i like how you see legitimate concerns as attacks . 
  you are the one saying that i think that belgium is a failed state , while i only point out that belgium woefully underprepared for big problems . 
  but it would n't surprise me , when the shit hits the fan , teh netherlands has to act . 
  it was n't communicated that the reactor was offline . 
  and that research gave light on problem after problem . 
  together with what happened in brussels , on how emergency services do n't communicate with each other . 
  so yeah the netherlands have enough reasons to be nervous . 
  there have been times where the response of fanc was really lackluster . 
  true that . 
  but by example for the reactors in doel when they found cracks , it took several weeks to even start the research if those cracks where dangerous . 
  the biggest problem is that with how the belgian government works , it will still be questionable if the reactors will stay safe . 
  in this case not really . 
  multiple belgian reactors near the dutch-belgian border have some serious problems, 
  which the dutch need , if belgians keeps abusing their nuclear reactors . 
  then you are blind . 
  the usa , canada and many other countries have with millions cities , with incredible sprawls . 
  the dutch policy made it so that pollution is n't that big deal in the cities and that everyone is able to live nearby nature . 
  it 's great to be able to go once in a week to huge forests and stay the rest of the week in a concrete jungle . 
  but it 's even better to live in an area where you can spend every day in a somewhat smaller nature area . 
  and you are really forgetting how much nature the netherlands really has and how much basically still exists because of this policy . 
   except the absolutely awful impact it has on the environment and the general well being of the people . 
  source ? 
  maybe you should read on what the netherlands did . 
  there 's no reason to think that it would n't work in a bigger country . 
  that 's why cbs thinks that 18m is the max . 
  if you look at theirs estimates , they really think that it wo n't be 100.000 netto growth per year . 
  the death of baby boomers will be probably a big reason why .
