  and how much has the usa already spend on greece ? 
  $ 2-5 billion ? 
  the netherlands has already spent $ 22 billion on greece . 
  and there 's seems no end . 
  and what if i think there should n't be any tax relief ? 
  also if you just look it up you will see that the effective income tax of a dutch person , no matter what he earns , is at least 10 % higher than that of greece . 
  and c'mon , there has been spend billions on greece . 
  and still it is n't enough . 
  when will it be enough ? 
  or will greece be always sucking out money ? 
  still blaming everyone except yourself ? 
  aah the ` strong countries kept supporting the abuse ' complaint . 
  those banks were just following the rules , that 's just something you can expect from commercial institutions . 
  so you ask why was n't there any change in rules ? 
  well mostly the weaker countries did n't want stricter rules . 
  hell , when eu parliament proposed for a maximum budget deficit of 3 % of a country 's gdp , it were the weak countries stribbling against it . 
  and then the same question back , why did n't greece themselves did n't say no ? 
  ooh wait that would have meant that they have to change their way of life radically . 
  you know that the tax reforms are of the table ? 
  also i dare to bet that at least for the normal citizen , the netto tax will be the same . 
  it would only have been shifted from income tax to vat . 
  also most opposition parties think we can take as much as loans as we want because the interest rates are low . 
  that 's the same fault greece , spain etc did . 
  which is , if you ask me , pretty idiotic . 
  the netherlands are paying $ 8 billion yearly for only interest . 
  they have a annual deficit of about $ 17 billion . 
  imho the netherland ca n't afford any tax cut . 
  there 's growth now , any change can stagnate that . 
  however they do n't eliminate the risk , they maybe lower the risk . 
  also they still cost money . 
  using the euro cost less money . 
  and i would say that yes created more value . 
  in case of the netherlands , the gdp is still twice as much as before the euro despite 2008 . 
  the same goes for most euro countries . 
  and do n't think that the crisis of 2008 was the fault of the euro . 
  that crisis was the fault of the banks . 
  luckily it made a lot of countries aware that overspending is not a good thing . 
  the exchange risk is still applicable . 
  also those tools are mostly available for the big companies , small companies do n't have access to it . 
  also for normal consumers in europe it saved a lot of money . 
  exchanging is still pretty expensive . 
  ease of access did for a lot of countries that know how to handle money a lot of good . 
  seriously do n't downplay what the euro managed to do . 
  and why should something good go away when some people can handle it ? 
  that 's like saying that knives should be illegal because someone stabbed someone . 
  there 's a limit on available money . 
  you seem to forget that those austerity measures went together with billions in support . 
  one day there wo n't be money left . 
  because just measures were pretty much used before austerity was needed . 
  secondly , how do you want to spend money which ca n't be afforded ? 
  giving the rights of the euro to weak countries were mistakes . 
  i want to point out , the countries that started the euro are still doing fine . 
  arrrh , in my room it 's 31c and 40 % humidity . 
  ca n't open my door to balcony because outside is worse . 
  ( 13:00 ) the worst part is that i have to learn and it 's not 15:00 yet . 
  that 's going to mean that i again have to drink a lot of water . 
  however the debt before that was as high or higher before greece had to bailout the banks . 
  yes the bailout was the nail on the coffin . 
  but guess what , every european country had to do it . 
  it only meant problems for greece . 
  understand the difference ? 
  what do you think is happening for years ? 
  you know that greece debt was and is huge . 
  and that they mismanaged billions of eu grants . 
  you know that our reserves are not depleting that fast . 
  and that the russian gas gets sold to other countries . 
  for own use , we use the gas out of our own ground . 
  it 's more probable that russia implodes itself , before we need 100 % of their gas . 
  also , iceland is a bad example . 
  it ran away with savings of a lot of normal dutch and english people . 
  that should never be encouraged . 
   because you ca n't actually throw them out of the eu but you can ignore them . 
  and c'mon . 
  all i see and hear is how greece people complain that they have to live of their parents pensions . 
  at the same time , eastern europeans , spanish , portuguese and irish are doing work outside their country . 
  compared with those countries , it 's idiotic that greece people are not working outside their country . 
  they are failing to keep the requirements of the ez , since the beginning . 
  same for the eu . 
  why keep them in the eu if they leave the ez . 
  also maybe you have n't noticed , but greece people do n't want to work outside greece . 
  they would rather stay at their parents house being poor . 
  they still have pensions , savings and can easily find work outside greece . 
  if the leave the ez/eu ; they will go bankrupt , loose their pensions , savings and it will probably be impossible to find a job elsewhere . 
  just because the borders will close . 
  first , greece is not a bric country like argentina . 
  ask them what bankruptcy meant , they had it twice . 
  basically everything will be gone . 
  so yeah , it 's easy to grow fast if you have nothing . 
  around $ 200 free , rest loan, 
  also social housing is way cheaper , than the private owned housing . 
  late to the party living on my own as an it student income : stufi ( government loan , kinda ) $ 1.000 work $ 100 ( will increase to about $ 500 + , second job ) spending : rent $ 270 college $ 160 insurances $ 90 groceries $ 100 clubbing $ 50 magazines $ 15 and then a lot of different small stuff , although i tend to spend a lot of money to clubbing and food . 
  that 's the interesting thing . 
  to take your example of the russian-chinese gasdeal . 
  in the netherlands it was only reported that there were rumors that the price was lower than the price for europe . 
  it was more seen as a interesting move of the russian government than a firesale of assets . 
  this reported like this by both state funded ( there 's a big difference with state owned ) nos and the commercial rtl news . 
  and every other big country has history over that . 
  it 's not new . 
  but i really doubt that new agency is going really pushing it in our faces like the isrealli or russians . 
  it 's already backfiring to them , so i doubt nato want the same backfire .
