  and not in the b2c sector like all the companies listed in your list . 
  you are really stupid . 
  asml is responsible for 90-99 % of all chipmaking machines in the world . 
  it does n't matter if you have intel , amd , samsung or any other chipmanufactorer . 
  they all use machines from asml for their chips . 
  spotify has more paying subscribers than youtube red or apple music . 
  nxp is market leader in anything related to nfc chips . 
  and while skype is bought by microsoft , it 's still developed in europe and was only bought after it was massively popular . 
  hmmm i wonder why people think that a lot of americans are stupid . 
  ooh wait , it 's because they see people like / u/chadwickedly spewing shit around . 
  just some european tech companies : * skype * spotify * asml * nxp * philips ( yep still around and still pretty big ) * alcatel, 
  for someone from romania you surely forgot what hap [ pens when you do that . 
  there 's a thread in the / r/thenetherlands subreddit but basically where as france and belgium abandoned the poor neighbourhoods ( france is way worse on that front ) in their country . 
  however the netherlands basically went in try their best of keeping the neighbourhood from going to the rock bottom . 
  those neighbourhoods has their own police officers who will talk to everyone , there are neighbourhood coaches . 
  there is/was extra funding for upgrading the houses ( mostly build in the 60s/70s ) . 
  basically everything that is possible ( within reason ) is being used to not let those people think that they are abandoned . 
  and it works . 
  none of the things that / u/butmaybeee said are based on reasoning if they are used for violence . 
  your country also has a northern neighbour with way less radicals . 
  not really , take a look at france . 
  refuses to join nato and such and they could say bye byeto their marshall money . 
  and that 's bullshit . 
  do you know why ? 
  because those `` military assets '' have civilian populations ( and thus governments ) who would rather be allied with the eu than having irrational russia ruling what they should do . 
  and fyi before putin 's russia became batshit crazy , there were talks to have the eu to be friends with russia . 
  something russia by themselves fucked up really good . 
  you only have to look at the situation of today 's ukraine and you can easily say that russia do n't want to have any help . 
  also fyi before putin 's russia there was a lot of help from the eu in the form of ngo 's and such . 
  guess what russia did . 
  not really , at least the ussr was predictable . 
  today 's russia is really a wild card . 
  fyi marshallplan only came in working in 1948 , three years after wwii and you basically had to be allied with the usa to receive it . 
  it was n't some random aid . 
  and russia themselves did n't want help , if you look at eastern europe which did want help you can see the difference . 
  because there are no facts that having large amount of muslims is bad for town/region/country . 
  basically this major is doing exactly the thing you now oppose . 
  well stop repeating yourself ffs . 
  not actual refugees are being deported daily . 
  hmmm sounds a lot like certain camps during wwii . 
  i wonder why people oppose such idea . 
  that 's only purely digital stuff . 
  iirc real physical stuff is still what makes the most money . 
  did you country made it illegal ? 
  then how can it be stealing ? 
   i do n't see why we should n't cut tax havens out of our financial system . 
  it 's only sensible . 
  maybe because your solution is more damaging in both short and long term than trying something else ? 
  the examples you state are terrorists attacks ( except the secual assaults ) , which were done by citizens of that country . 
  not by recently arrived refugees . 
  and those refugees are being processed and checked . 
  however i do n't think that we should go to a system where you are guilty until proven otherwise . 
  however i am for a system that helps the already existing refugeecamps to handle all the refugees there . 
  people keep moving because they do n't feel safe there or even cared for . 
  and it 's perfectly legal to set other kind of taxes on zero , but still the netherlands is being called a tax heaven by doing that while estonia is n't . 
  however a lot of people calling for eu wide reforms also want that minimum levels of taxation will be set for eu wide . 
  while i agree that cash flows have to be transparant and should be shared ( which is happening for a large part ) and thus need single eu framework on how to report and calculating it . 
  i do n't agree that the eu should have a say in how a country does it 's taxes . 
  just a suggestion , why not tax revenue stream coming from sales made in that country ? 
  because there are numbers to prove it ? 
  if all those refugees are such huge problem , should n't we have already a real war in europe ? 
  those numbers are from the recent wave . 
  or are you talking about previous year ? 
  if it 's so ill-advised , why does it work then ? 
  why do you resort in insulting me ? 
  i am not insulting you , just expressing my opinion . 
  that my opinion does n't reflects your opinion is n't a reason to insult me . 
  also while vvd-voters are not a majority of the dutch population , it is the biggest minority of the dutch population . 
  wow great argument . 
  `` i do n't like your opinion , so let 's kick your country out of the eu . '' . 
  but seriously . 
  most countries and people complaining about the position of the netherlands and the dutch government do n't look at how they can solve the `` problem '' by themselves . 
  no-one is , by example , stopping you of taxing revenue streams instead of only profits . 
  how is it the problem of the netherlands that another country is incapable of having a tax system that attracts companies ? 
  many other mostly western europe countries are able to do that . 
  hell they even have a lower vat and/or income tax than the netherlands . 
  ooh really ? 
  because if i look at the numbers of my country , the most illegal economic immigrants come from albania . 
  because it 's not true for the majority of the people using the route ? 
  there seem to be no race to the bottom at the moment . 
  and that while many countries were able to reform their tax system . 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/12/hundreds-african-refugees-storm-spain-killer-fence-161209163717980.html or how about the us-mexican border . 
  hell for europe we have the mediterranean sea as a pretty great border . 
  it does , those countries can reform their tax system . 
  making it so that avoidance in that country is harder . 
  making certain solutions not avoidance anymore , but evasion . 
  which is n't true at all . 
  only in your thoughts in your head . 
  there are daily deportations , there are year long waiting lists for vetted refugees . 
  well / u/spartharios refuses to make the differentiation at all , so he/she thinks al migration is the same . 
   people are not the same across all cultures . 
  that 's true for both swedish and german and the other culture examples you stated . 
  there are already strict refugee/migration rules in place . 
  closing borders and refuse all migration does n't work . 
  the same for opening completly . 
  i can say the same about eastern european countries , but you would n't like that , right ? 
   nobody has the right to just walk in and do as they please . 
  that 's true , but current laws already prevent that . 
  your solution is to lock up everyone till they are proven innocent . 
  and i am glad we do n't live in the world where you are guilty until proven otherwise .
