  make sure you have time to but money on the card , this action is the same as buying a ticket . 
  the system for not heavy users is as convenient as an old paper-ticket , it 's just different . 
  there in my opinion only two issues with ov-card . 
  two who do n't matter that much anymore in the big scheme . 
  first a business like subscription where you pay at the end of the month instead of your issue . 
  secondly for $ 7,50 i want a card that warrants the safety of paying that much for it . 
  todays card , being pretty safe , are not as safe as the safest similar kind of cards . 
  luckily fraud with these cards is more damaging to the companies then the consumer . 
   yes , but if i want to take the train for $ 20 my card needs to have at least $ 40 on it . 
  why ? 
  are you serious ? 
  you need at least $ 20 , but if your travel cost $ 40 you only need $ 40 euro . 
  however on the next time you have to make sure you have again $ 20 . 
   afaik you do n't need to have at least $ 4 of `` reserve '' on your card for municipal public transport the official site states $ 4 without any difference so it can maybe depends which company runs the busses or other municipal transport . 
  i am pretty sure it 's $ 4 for all hermes busses , which include those driving in only eindhoven . 
  $ 20 is only for ns . 
  for bus , tram and metro it 's only $ 4 . 
  for syntus trains it 's always $ 10 . 
  for veolia trains it 's $ 20 for anonymous card and $ 10 euro for the personal one . 
  as a consumer you have the plight to have enough money when you buy something , basic dutch law . 
  besides taking an intercity to travel at least 2 stations will cost you more then those $ 20 . 
  however i hope that personal ov chipcards will have the same feature as the business ones . 
  you get once a month a bill and you pay for it . 
  but the most convenient way would be if we just combine our id card with ov card and bank card in one . 
  but yeah something about privacy and so . 
  it ai n't that bad anymore . 
  system is function now like it should . 
  most of the complains are just people forgetting to check out . 
  but they also spend excessively the money they got before the crisis . 
  look at ireland . 
  yeah they have it worse then nl and germany , however they were smart enough to have some reserve , although not as much as we would like . 
  also countries like the czech republic and poland are for shorter period member of the eu and despite coming from a poor background and also having some drawbacks from the crisis they are still doing better then greece . 
  the brackets are as following if you are younger then 65 of that year . 
  bracket | income | tarif ------- | ------ | ----- 1 | till $ 19.654 | 36.25 % 2 | from $ 19.646 till $ 33.363 | 42 % 3 | from $ 33.364 till $ 56.531 | 42 % 4 | $ 56.532 and higher | 52 % if you are in bracket 1 or 2 you will be able to receive a quite big amount of surcharges from the government . 
  if you are in bracket 3 or 4 , good luck with getting anything from the government ( that government is stupid enough to say that even those brackets should receive something is completly different ) . 
  or the tax on gas or alcohol . 
  basically tried to mimic the original post . 
  did it too hasty while being sleepy . 
  but still , people who let the government fuck up things should be brave and take the consequences of it . 
  what happened in greece was n't a result of the financial crisis of 2008 , nope that event only pushed it over the edge . 
  it was the result of greece people and the eu letting the greece government to have to much freedom with the money they get . 
  saw several documentaries by nieuwsuur or brandpunt where greece people claim they did n't know what their politicians were doing the past 10-20 years . 
  that 's pretty stupid . 
  yeah of course they rioted after the financial crisis of 2008 when the people themselves experienced themselves in what mess they made by themselves . 
  also the netherlands is being governed by coalitions/alliances since 1918 and maybe even further back . 
  so that should n't be a big deal like a lot of people claim . 
  ffs we have now two parties on each side of the political spectrum forming the government right now . 
  a lot of southern european politicians , screwed up and were n't stopped by the voters . 
  i agree having to pay a lot of taxes sucks , especially if you think your taxes are n't used that great . 
  but how do you want to clean up the mess then ? 
  i do n't want to see my taxes go to a foreign country and see that someone is partying with my money instead of doing the right thing . 
  according to this one , the official dutch tax site it 's 42 % . 
  nope it 's bracket 2 . 
  bracket one is less then 20.000 . 
  blaming the crisis of 2008 wo n't help you either . 
  it just pushed greece over the edge . 
  seriously , the greece journalism did n't do much to bring all the news about corruption before 2008 . 
  normal people did n't even try to vot on other people . 
  and now you are saying the biggest problem is not caused by the greece people ? 
  you guys are a democracy . 
   why would france and germany have waged war in the 70s and 80s ? 
  bascally for the same reason every other war between germany and france . 
  they did n't like each other because what the other did . 
  france was even considering to leave the nato and eec/eu . 
  now you can translate this as bluff , but if nato and eec did n't exist we would have a war back then . 
  pretty much since the end of the ww2 the leaders of the benelux started to lobby for a eec like organization . 
  that 's why the pm of belgium is mentioned in the wikipedia article . 
  this is why the benelux countries were also one of the founders . 
  besides schumann mentioning peace a lot as you corrected me , france did n't trust germany and vice versa . 
  you are correct that benelux alone could n't do it . 
  however they were the perfect partners to start the eec . 
  they were already experienced in the matter and were a neutral party to both germany and france . 
  if france and germany had to this on their own , we would be still be talking about the eec and still have borders across whole europe . 
  eec was also never meant for peace !, 
  besides even when part of eec germany and france were n't friends . 
  hell even in the 70s or 80s without the other countries part of eec/eu germany and france would be at war again . 
  you view on history is focused on only the big and loud countries . 
  you forget too easily how important smaller countries are . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benelux there were talk before this treaty . 
  this treaty proved in the 6 years before creation of the eec , that an economical open borders treaty works great for the countries involved . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union#history as you will read here the benelux were also one of the founding countries . 
  yes france and germany were the big players , however without the first created benelux custums union the talks could be gone for way longer . 
  do n't forget , the coal production of the benelux countries back then were n't that much less then those of france and benelux had no problems with trading with germany . 
  nop it did n't start with france and germany . 
  it started first with how netherlands , belgium and luxembourg dealt with things . 
  france and germany thought it would be a good thing to join with them . 
  nah , everyone is pretty pratical . 
  we only complain so we can confuse others . 
  apparently you have n't visit the dutch greenhouses or stores ... . 
  well , over 20 + years ago the vegetables which were grown in greenhouses were indeed not that great . 
  however we perfected it and exported the technologies . 
  i dare to bet that a lot of the greenhouses in hungary who grow paprika 's have a lot of dutch technology in it . 
  if someone says that dutch vegetables are still as bad as 20 years ago , they probably are eating spanish vegetables . 
  it 's cheap , although i like czechs more . 
  they are friendlier . 
  however fresh dutch paprika is better . 
  you should , we spend a lot of money while being on vacation in goulash country . 
  well then you have a new industry . 
  guarding illegal immigrants . 
  there 's european money for it .
