  well for once , it 's not israeli 's land . 
  it 's palestinian land . 
  what ? 
  you know that esa has the ariane 5 rocket , the most reliable launcher in the world ? 
  and while some missions where kind of failures , they still gave important data in another way . 
  no , the linux-kernel does n't use the apache2 license , it uses the gnu . 
  different license , however if you use gplv3 licensed software and apache2 license , you can use the gplv3 license for the `` new '' software . 
  your analogy is n't fully correct . 
  if you want ` official ' android juice , you are required to ** buy ** google ingredients . 
  instead of asking neatly money for the use of the android trademark , google hides it 's behind the requirement to buy a gsm license . 
  this is bad and not being transparent about the price is even worse . 
  also if you do n't want to use the google ingredients , it 's basically impossible to use other ingredients as they are basically non-existence or do n't play nicely with google ingredients . 
  something the consumer wants . 
  this is why the eu commission has to step in , this is not a healthy market . 
  3 . edit : and you ca n't just say that other companies should make their own os , because the consumer does n't trust a new os . 
  look at how windows mobile is failing , or the failed mozilla phone project . 
  and because of this market dominance , there are new and other rules that are now applicable . 
  that you think i put on an aggressive tone . 
  is more you reading too much into it , than me really doing it . 
  you really have trouble understanding what 's going on , is n't it ? 
  you seem to think that the trademark , the gsm license and android not being really open source stand completly alone . 
  which is n't true at all . 
  they are all entwined like how i already explained . 
  you ca n't use the `` open source '' android for commercial purposes unless you get an expensive gsm license . 
  that amazon was able to do it , is probably of two things : they are big , so they would n't hesitate to sue google , if google is being abusive . 
  secondly they do n't advertise that the kindle is an android product . 
  you are the one here defending google being abusive and not being transparent around their android os . 
  so yeah the conclusion is a bit too early , but i do n't think it 's unjustified . 
  no i am not changing the argument . 
  it reads right there in the article and it still goes about android . 
  you ca n't have an ` official ' android device without having the gsm installed . 
  to have that installed you have to buy a license , in a way that 's not transparent and can be easily abused . 
  also , it may use the android source code , it does n't state that it 's android . 
  alos it seems you are the one who refuses to look at the facts . 
  you are the one set on that google is the good all company that ca n't do bad . 
  thus google invest money in it , so what ? 
  the bad thing here is is misleading people like you in thinking that android is free , while meanwhile asking money for apps that have to be installed by default for using android . 
  and they are not clear in how much money it costs . 
  this is clearly unethical monopoly business done by google . 
  if google was more clear in their pricing or made android really free , this wo n't be a problem . 
  read the fucking article . 
  but abusing that position is a problem , which is now being handled . 
  you reads the article ? 
  this is exactly what 's bad about google . 
  but it seems you are blindly thinking that google should be always celebrated . 
  then buy glasses and read again . 
  or take reading lessons . 
  it has a functional monopoly . 
  read the article . 
  that person is basically the only person you know you can ask to it . 
  that person says it shows you a good selection , while the truth is that that person hides certain products which could definitely fit in that selection . 
  the problem is not really promoting their own stuff . 
  it 's that they hiding the competition . 
  they could do this if they were just a small player in the search engine market , but they are having basically a monopoly . 
  this means they have way more responsibilities than any other company . 
  well because what 's google is doing is not great for the consumer . 
  well maybe then you stop acting stupid and go look through my comments . 
  it will proof that i am a right winger . 
  i just hate violence or unnecessarily hate towards people . 
  awh are you offended ? 
  not company , organisation is a better word . 
  ngo 's like the red cross or amnesty international also have lobbyists . 
  so basically the only terrorist attack in the netherlands on this map , was from the extreme right wing ? 
  nice . 
  and criminals . 
  it 's sad to see all the blind hate . 
  and how hk improved the gun . 
  the problem with that thought , is that it 's wrong . 
  denmark , germany and netherlands all proof that it works for a big majority . 
  it 's like saying that if a child is born from criminal parent , the child will always be criminal for his/her life . 
  you talk like a criminal is always a criminal . 
  you do n't want to give people a second chance , only because you want to be always morally superior . 
  tele2 runs on the kpn network , which has the best coverage . 
  although they tend to switch to a foreign network quickly when being near the border . 
  however i have heard their helpdesk is notoriously bad . 
  meh , i like the original japanese system . 
  the appliances with an a rating get a b rating the next period . 
  and the new rating get 's put on any appliance that 's up for sale . 
  the site reads like another israeli-an site that loves to blow up anything that might be against israel or is can be favorable for arabs . 
  there 's also an article on the site supporting abolishing the treaty of human rights so that persons that may be jihadi 's can be deported . 
  how so ? 
  ooh fuck off . 
  i am a right-winger from a neighboring country and have never been called a nazi . 
  other kinds of christians and atheists also kill other people . 
  well at least iran is going to the correct direction , something you ca n't say of turkey . 
  that 's only half truth for weapon systems that are bought from the usa . 
  many dutch used weapons systems are developed and built in the netherlands . 
  no wrong , those dutch companies are bringing in their own technology and knowledge . 
  put the things/parts they deliver are often very specific and small, 
  if they tried to paint it , the people doing it would have been tackled by or the embassy security or german police before they even were able to put a ladder against the wall . 
  the problem is , is that the heating up we are experiencing now is way faster than previous heating up periods . 
  if you have paid attention in your `` earth science '' class you would have known that . 
  together with the facts that today 's atmospheric composition is way different than those other heating up periods , with having more ( for humans ) dangerous gasses . 
  it still reads as just creating panic for nothing . 
  1 . from what i understand of your second link there 's more than 9 days . 
  the vote within the committee is only after 28 september 2017 . 
  that 's still 4 months away . 
  if the current proposal is so against earlier rulings of the eu court , then why should i worry about it ? 
  it sounds like this proposal has nothing to stand on and can be easily shredded in a vote . 
  and it looks like there are already eu party pushes against the proposal , so the system works like it should .
