  you know what ? 
  deal if we are allowed to delete all deals with morocco and portugal does n't come whining about the big immigration spike . 
  well that 's why i included the full custody part . 
  you may pay for everything . 
  we will visit once a year or so / . 
  well if you guys want more and want full custody over it , be my guest . 
  we have to care for other countries . 
  this is to prevent the downfall for those countries , like greece or spain . 
  if we did n't help those countries we would have way bigger problems , like a devaluing euro , more people from greece and spain going to other countries . 
  when we manage to balance our own economics inside the eu , we will be able way better to balance economics and thus also other relationships in other countries . 
  this will result in eventually less `` help '' money towards those countries and less refugees to richer/better countries . 
  when that laws get approved the voice of the people wanting to know what member states do with eu money will grow louder . 
  and there are at this moment only 3 countries willingly to show every piece of evidence where eu money went to . 
  it 's really simple . 
  if one other country , look at syria or almost whole of africa , is doing bad , the citizens of that country want to go to the country that has everything good . 
  if we can handle a lot of important stuff on eu level , we can also handle a lot of important stuff on world wide level . 
  so what party is doing better then ? 
  everytime when the vvd became bigger than the pvda you see a kink in the raise of the nations debt . 
  only being eliminated because de pvda became bigger than vvd again . 
  pvda could n't spent any money because the old christian parties knew that spending to much is bad . 
  pvda is responsible for a lot of laws making being unemployed a good life , even better then working at a minimum wage . 
  about dismantling the welfare system . 
  they are not , they are at best going back to the 50s . 
  where you bought your own home from you own money without any help of the government . 
  that home was also your biggest saving pig for retirement . 
  being unemployed was not nice back then . 
  yes you could live from the money you got from the government , but going on vacation or any other luxury was impossible unless some charity paid for it . 
  i would n't mind to see that coming back , only with some differences . 
  when you are employed you will get quite a lot of benefits from the government . 
  not as much as now , but still . 
  if you get in ww ww will be only 20 % less then now . 
  if you are volunteering more then 30 hours a week you get the same treatment as minimum wage with 10 % less then minimum wage as added bonus . 
  if you are not volunteering and your are not in the ww , you get only the absolute minimum to live , maybe just a little more . 
  cda is middle , not even right . 
  pvda is indeed center left . 
  after pvda came in power in 70s our debt skyrocketed . 
  left pampers people to much . 
  people join a party because of the ones who lead the party . 
  most of groenlinks members have communistic ideas . 
  that 's correct , but most leading positions were filled by communists . 
  groenlniks and sp are both left overs from the former dutch communist party . 
  from the dutch point of view . 
  our far left parties ( sp and groenlinks ) are n't as bad as the communist parties who ruled eastern europe . 
  just wait a few years , then people will know that far left parties do n't understand economics and will vote for middle or right parties . 
  you can see that shift happen here in nl . 
  there will be always work for the low educated people . 
  look at all those polish employees in the greenhouses and farming . 
  a lot of people got just lazy . 
  why going to work in a greenhouse if you get the same if you lay on you couch ? 
  my aunt is unemployed and is pretty much under educated to work on her old position , which is the only thing she want . 
  they are able to drive a car , send her daughters and herself to multiple hobby 's and not to worry if they should buy anything . 
  they get all the money for free . 
  i do n't like that . 
  my parents have to pay everything because they earn money . 
  the balance is n't there anymore . 
  i would n't mind if this all was for my aunt if she helped an organisation for free for at least 30 hours a week . 
  but she is n't doing anything . 
  a lot of people who are long unemployed who i know do n't do a fucking thing because everything is gifted to them . 
  that 's what i hate . 
  the poor are pampered and the rich get hated when they want to some things cheaper , like buying a smaller house . 
  aah well i think you can do it . 
  however it must be a kind of punishment to be unemployed . 
  if you have a job and have difficulty with living , then yous should get a lot of help till a certain maximum . 
  if you are unemployed , then you only get the absolute minimum to live . 
  ooh yeah there 's indeed a different between those two . 
  but extreme socialsim or marxist socialism is the same  ' . 
  btw i am not totally against socialism , but the socialist parties here in the netherlands tend to go so far that you are better off being unemployed then working . 
  imho as son of higher wealth parents , there 's no difference . 
  well the ferry between rotterdam and uk does n't take that long , but whatever . 
  ooh yeah pvda was in the government back then , together with what is now cda . 
  our government expenses skyrocketed back then and there was no big crisis back then . 
  also there 's a difference between socialism ( pvda ) and extreme socialism/communism ( sp/groenlinks ) . 
  but but so far as i understand you guys have about 300 % of all your governmental expenses in that fund . 
  nope i am dutch and pretty much anywhere in europe you need an id or passport to be able to identify to the police if they ask for it . 
  i am also living very close to belgium and often visit it for gas . 
  a passport is in those situation not really comfortable . 
  that 's why i do n't understand the british public with their opinion about id cards . 
  i would n't say that it 's that difficult especially the theory part . 
  the biggest reason that i failed 2 times is that i was way to much nervous . 
  i am not a fan of one european state . 
  maybe it will be nice after 300 years , but atm we are way to different to justify that . 
  also imho a lot of socialist parties are going to far with what they want . 
  in the 70s and 80s our national debt went abrupt high because of socialist parties in government started to spent way to much . 
  nono . 
  i would be on a camping nearby prague an because everything outside the centre is really cheap , i can go walking around without a bag , but i still need id for police controls and purchasing alcohol . 
  but but you guys have billions to spend it on . 
  i want to remind you that image comes from the news we hear about pvv and ukip . 
  i am not taking a bag with me when i go from my camping to let 's say prague . 
  i love my id card , way more convenient then that big ass passport . 
  of course we wo n't have the best knowledge about other situations in the world , expecting that is saying to me as it admin that i should know every it network in the world really good . 
  about the dunes could n't we not just give up and just build sturdy dykes behind it ? 
  we probably have to give up quite amount of land but still . 
  well you have to think where you want the water be . 
  in which country are you studying it ? 
  as long that it is n't more the 1m a year , i think we can handle it . 
  maybe we have to retreat a little bit land inwards we will manage . 
  nah we just stop spending it outside our country . 
  it 's doable for us . 
  yeah i know . 
  spoke the driver , they had already to much broken busses so they only repaired the ones who were dangerous .
