  however the debt and wasting of money was a way bigger problem in greece than in ireland . 
  also the greek people opposed pretty much any reform . 
  sigh ... . 
  i was talking pre-ww1, 
  everyone was influential over south america . 
  same goes to africa and asia . 
  congrats to japan though . 
  before usa threatened asian countries to open up , the european countries already traded with them . 
  the open door policy was only positive for usa . 
  and yes the usa did trade , but were n't that influential . 
  usa was also the biggest developed country by 1900 . 
  stating that proves nothing . 
  the world back then was n't as globalized as it was now . 
  the usa did n't have any big influence back then . 
  uk and france were more important , that 's all what i am saying . 
  back then the usa was doing isolationism , on all aspects . 
  only after ww1 they started to make and use their influence . 
  you would be surprised how disconnected the usa was from europe back then . 
  usa did n't even have any economic power over europe or asia ... 
   the greek people did not borrow that much when you put it into perspective . 
  but it where the greek people , who let their government borrow so much money . 
  it were the greek people that let the banks be reckless , basically the whole eu let the last thing happen . 
  but you forgot , that without those banks , greece wo n't have any money . 
  all that money is borrowed . 
  and how it 's the euro fault ? 
  if it 's the euro fault more countries would have big problems . 
  but as it turns out , only a few country have big problems . 
  with greece with the biggest problem . 
  no you ca n't lay the problem with the euro . 
  no , you are just denying that greece wasted billions and probably even more . 
  also the whole world went into the recession . 
  and not the whole world uses the euro . 
  the german people also did n't know about the holocaust , most of them only heard rumours . 
  so why blame the germans ? 
  ooh wait it does n't work like that . 
  there were multiple reports in international news that greece was doing stupid things and that parts of greeks knew perfectly it was stupid . 
  how is it propaganda to say that the pension fund is generous by handling those ages ? 
  greece own ex financial minister admitted it for dutch news . 
  the fact is that there are too much people in the greek pension system that should n't be in that system . 
  than you have only two choices ; reform the system so , that the wrong persons are out the system . 
  or lower the amount pensioners get . 
  till this day the greek government did the latter and it does n't work . 
  those countries did n't that much austerity because they were n't as deep in the shit as greece . 
  and why should the economy have idiotic growth ? 
  the growth was the first place why the worldwide recession began . 
  in the western world growth of 5 % is not sustainable . 
  the netherlands has alos 1 % growth and because the dutch were n't idiots with their money , it is a good thing . 
  why should eu lend greece more to have a false growth ? 
  greece already lend enough money to that . 
  and look what happened , the whole eu had to bail out greece . 
  you also seem to forgot , that greece gets money . 
  basically free money . 
  billions of euro 's . 
  worth as much as some poorer european country 's gdp and you still say it 's not enough . 
  no the problem is that greece do n't want to be fixed , they want free money . 
  and yes the mismanagement of decades is the biggest source of greece problems . 
  how do you think that lending money and more money and more and more , is not the problem ? 
  greece was the country that lied about it economic to get more money . 
  the only fault of the eu was to believe greece lies . 
  if greece think that eu is also at fault they have should man up way before 2008 and admit that they lied . 
  already since the euro project started their were questions if greece should have joined . 
  greece pension system not generous ? 
  how can you call , that when you get fired at the age of 50 and go directly into the pension system not generous ? 
  how can you call a pension system not generous if the normal minimal age was only 55 ? 
  also do n't forget , the whole eu has growth of just above 1 % , not only spain or ireland . 
  and at least they manned up . 
  guess what , most euro-countries do n't have the problems greece has . 
  so why should they take the fall ? 
  secondly , it was greece that was the most corrupt and money wasting country of the whole euro union . 
  that 's why there 's still a lot to do . 
  the pension part is still too big for the country . 
  there are still stories that politician buy their votes . 
  why should the eu support that ? 
  greece is feeling now the reality of doing stupid shit with money for years , deal with it . 
  the greece economy was already destroyed before 2008 , so do n't expect that the rest of the world has to fix it completly . 
  greece has to do it by itself and is doing quite a lot of things correctly , but there 's still a lot to do . 
  pfff , it were the politician pushing for public contract and a special build train . 
  ns back then was just looking to use the ice trains . 
  they were already in service , could easily ordered more etc etc. 
  start a petition to have always one tank painted orange !, 
  `` i refuse to believe anyones objections against my opinions , so i just mock them . '', 
  brainwashing . 
  why should you pledge to your country everyday ? 
  keep in mind , i am from the netherlands . 
  it 's pretty rare to see the standard flag on national days . 
  welp , that 's only logical when you keep in mind it 's an official thing from the uk military . 
  however in this situation they are thought to handle firearms made to kill people . 
  an ak is not a huntingrifle . 
  also children should n't learn that . 
  only adults should and even then it 's questionable . 
  i am not against the organisation of a whole , but they are being brainwashed to love their country unconditional . 
  which is just plain wrong . 
  secondly , imho only those in active service should learn to handle a gun . 
  not like the example in the video does , or how the cadet force does . 
  i know , but the main thing is still that those children are getting brainwashed and trained to kill . 
  in the netherlands were you can start a military related study at the age of 16 , you wo n't get trained to kill until you are 18 and officially employed by the dutch military . 
  it 's scary , there 's little difference with african child soldiers . 
  ok thanks !, 
  and still i do n't understand the comment . 
  if you think it 's worth your time , could you translate it for me ?
