  best thing ; everyone thought the team was too inexperienced to come so far . 
  i would n't call gouda a little village . 
  it 's more like a smallish city . 
  iirc they went bankrupt twice in 20-30 years . 
  you have eu-money for that . 
  it would n't suprise me that a big share would come from the netherlands in the first place . 
  just ask the dutch for expertise on that . 
  all our cabling is under the ground except the really high voltage ( and even that we are trying to put into the ground ) . 
  they are only cooperative beauce they know serbia will happily but them at the hungarian border to have the eu deal with them, 
  serbia is the doing nothing . 
  so there are already problems with serbia . 
  also the `` refugees '' could also be nice and just report at the border , not riot because there 's a fence . 
  problem is , that they could n't go to the other side and physically break them up . 
  so they used teargas and water cannons to make a distance between the fence and the `` refugees '' . 
  that 's proportional . 
  that reporting is only mandatory when a country using a specific fund . 
  member states do n't have to report where ` normal ' eu money goes to . 
  iirc the netherlands is one of a few countries that reports where every cent from the eu goes to . 
  it 's being occupied for at least four years and there are no signs that georgia will ever get those regions back . 
  especially with the latest bullshit at that border . 
  and with referendum , do you mean by those like in crimea ? 
  northern region of georgia . 
  and you could argue that russia also annexed chechen republic, 
  look at the other side . 
  the netherlands has the same kind of legislation . 
  mostly applicable if you are picked up by vehicles of the employer to go to work . 
  but that does n't mean that you are allowed to destroy stuff and threaten to run over people who are just doing their job . 
  is that a problem of the companies ? 
  because it is a free market , you as consumer have the choice to go for green energy . 
  and at least in my country those companies have to prove that the energy they deliver is indeed green energy . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  the netherlands , germany and ireland , like it says in your source , expected growth and they wanted that growth . 
  it would n't surprise if other farmer associations outside those countries expected growth . 
  if people were really against it , the quota would n't been abolished . 
  fuel not huge success ? 
  do you know that all big oil companies are part of that sector right ? 
  i wo n't call them a limited success . 
  also coal and gas are the cheapest resources . 
  wind turbines and solar cells are expensive . 
  besides the average electricity price has been dropping for the last 4 years . 
  so what do you define as succes ? 
  there are already a lot of rules about food . 
  i am not advocating to abandon them . 
  and i also doubt that any farmer outside eu will be able to produce the quality europeans are used to in the coming 10 years , if the eu would abolish all farming subsidies right now . 
  water , electricity and fuel are also not state controlled ( at least in the netherlands , however the water situation is kinda weird ) and those work just fine and are also really important . 
  i do n't think that we have opposing agenda 's . 
  i want the market be bigger and have less government involvement . 
  the farmers themselves wanted no milk quota . 
  the way they have handled the end of the milk quota is not my or someone 's else problem . 
  why was the advice like you described ? 
  because that 's the only thing besides closing when rapid prices drops happen . 
  every company has problems with every boycott . 
  farmers are no exception , so why create an exception for them . 
  the same goes for local laws . 
  and those rules about producing of certain stuff is not that different from copyrights and stuff . 
  so farmers are no exception , so why make an exception ? 
  as sidenote ; i would be glad if all eu farming subsidies stop . 
  it will give farmers from outside the eu more chance to succeed . 
  doubt that . 
  how 's not a free market ? 
  everyone gets subsidies , so that 's equal . 
  and iirc there 's no law that limits where farmers can sell to . 
  we as eu should just overall stop with those subsidies . 
  100 years ago farmers got the idea that they stand better when organised . 
  that 's how most dairy companies started . 
  maybe time for the farmers repeat history ? 
  just basic economies . 
  a business has three options if profits are low or non existence : reduce cost price , up the sales price or stop producing that good ( even when it means that there will be no company ) . 
  why should farmers be an exception on those practices ? 
  because they have a family ? 
  all other businesses those employees also have families . 
  most of businesses indeed expand through debt based financing . 
  however pretty much no business think that 's it 's a good idea to keep producing around the cost price . 
  they try or to reduce cost price or just stop producing that product . 
  and that 's basic economy, 
  yes those evil farmers who do n't understand how economics work . 
  do n't have the margin you want ? 
  stop selling together . 
  prices will rise if most farmers do n't sell anything . 
  do n't you grasp the concept that greece depleted pretty much every goodwill from pretty much everyone in the eu ? 
  also pretty much everyone calls fyrom macedonia . 
  that 's the name they have chosen and it does n't give them any reasons to invade anything of greece . 
  it 's just a name . 
  they are processed when they have the official status . 
  and a government only has to forfill the minimums i already stated . 
  if those refugee have the money , they are free to go anywhere else . 
  if a government has to supply everything , you do n't have a choice . 
  they have the choice to go anywhere when processed and declared a real refugee . 
  before that , they have to accept anything that 's safe , comfortable and hygienic . 
  there was growth in q1/q2 of 2015 . 
  a small growth , but it was a growth . 
  and even if they were bad plans , the game they played was the wrong one . 
  it was the greek government going to the edge , no-one else . 
  you really think that labeling things is not one of the most basic things in a human nature ? 
  you think that we can change that as easily as how humans did with violence ? 
  maybe it 's a shock for you , but violence is still everywhere , but in other forms . 
  do you really think a culture can change suddenly in a few years ? 
  do you know how long it took to form protestantism ? 
  the religion that formed north-western european nations ? 
  let me answer that , it took a few 100 years .
