  a big difference . 
  thus in the end , what you think is illegal may not be illegal . 
  also not reporting on something does n't mean nothing has happened . 
  nothing is as black and white as you think . 
  ca n't find anything about that . 
  hell apparently it 's even debatable if what you say is really said . 
  at least i think that you are talking about the pro-palestinian protests in the hague in 2014 ? 
  stop with that bullshit . 
  it was illegal what that group shouted , teh problem in the netherlands is that you to prosecute the person saying it , not the whole group who may have innocent people in it . 
  those things are not even on the rise . 
  slower decline does n't mean that it has risen . 
  aah yeah , the great western civilization . 
  it literally has never changed in the past hundreds years . 
  also where 's your source that there are 80 + of those courts ? 
  from what i can find it 's only 30 and they have very very very limited power . 
  they can only give advice . 
  ooh yeah , rape is everywhere and shootings and bombs are always going on . 
  i am really afraid to leave my house !, 
  or it is such small group , which makes it hard to combat ? 
  fear is subjective . 
  there have been situations in the usa where people have shot an innocent unarmed black teen who rang their doorbell , because they thought that he was a black gangmember . 
  and if you look around here on reddit there are people who think that every robber and burglar are out to kill them . 
  despite being proven that burglars and robbers have almost never the intention of killing someone . 
  nobody should be celebrated for killing people . 
  at least she should have given the criminal the chance to surrender or flee . 
  i do n't see it as right wing fantasies , because that places them in the same political group as me . 
  and i do n't believe in that all right wing people think that killing someone is okay . 
  it 's just a small loud minority who lack ( at least some ) empathy and tend to be on the extreme side . 
  also the left wing have some extremists who think that killing people for certain reasons is okay . 
  that something is legal does n't mean it 's logical . 
  but true that same thing thing can be said about my definition of murder , which is also the legal definition . 
  also just letting people shoot ( possible ) criminals , is at least as `` overly '' emotional as thinking that nobody deserves to die . 
  and as last , pointing out a fallacy is also a fallacy . 
  how 's believing in that everyone has a right to live , to not be killed , not logical ? 
  nono there ( at least ) was an increase of criminal activity ( thus including weapon smuggling ) from bulgaria and romania . 
  and the last time i checked both countries were members of the eu, 
  that you disagree with my opinion , does n't make my opinion childish . 
  because i find the intentional killing of someone murder ? 
  ok thanks for the info . 
  do n't doubt it could count as self defence , but celebrating it is too much . 
  well that 's because the problem is not in romania . 
  it 's because the problem came to western european from the balkans and eastern europe . 
  and in the netherlands you only have to combine that with a mocro-turk gang war to see the problem . 
  ooh wow , i criticize something and your only way to get back is by being childish ? 
  i disagree with that you should just be able to kill criminals . 
  for the same reason as i am opposed to the death penalty . 
  people deserve to live . 
  and about `` criminals will now know it wo n't be so easy '' will probably only result in criminals arming themselves and that 's not they route you want to be on . 
  i am not sure how to feel about this . 
  on one side i think people should be allowed to have guns under very strict rules . 
  but on the other side there was an increase of illegal firearms coming from eastern europe towards western europe , after a lot of eastern european countries joined the eu . 
  i do n't see how murder made czechia safer . 
  i can understand that the shop owner was not prosecuted , but celebrating her killing someone ? 
  is there more info on this story ? 
  did the criminal try to attack her or did the criminal tried to run away when the shop owner pulled the gun ? 
  i only personal attacked you after you keeps on going being ignorant and/or stupid person . 
  you still have n't done any reading on the economy of the netherlands and/or car usage in the netherlands . 
  and now you are really expecting that a war destroyed country ( which the allies also helped with destroying ) to be as wealthy as a country that basically never had any fighting on their own territory ? 
  if you actually informed yourself on this topic , instead of being proudly stupid , you would have known that the dutch economy economy skyrocketed in the late 50s , early 60 's and that car usage rose to great marks . 
  and you would have known that only from the 70s the bicycle revolution really started . 
  the reason why bicycles are popular in the netherlands has never been about poverty . 
  and if you ca n't wrap your head about that fact , than yes my personal attack was permitted . 
  are you that happy with your stupidity ? 
  you are still talking bullshit . 
  even in and after ww2 the netherlands was one of the richer areas in europe . 
  sources ? 
  than you have nothing to complain about . 
  also income tax in the netherlands is higher . 
  you can still tax the money coming from your country , tax it at the source . 
  you still have income tax and vat . 
  there are many other taxes . 
  than it 's up to the portuguese government to make laws making it less great to use that loophole . 
  do n't blame your government/country 's incompetence on the dutch government . 
  thanks for the translation , makes it easier to understand that the european commision is indeed in the right here . 
  too many ways for the polish government to undermine the polish supreme court . 
  fully kicked out would be difficult . 
  but isolation within the eu would be possible . 
  why do you think that orban would support piss ? 
  especially as he 's so silent about this ? 
  as you said there 's nothing to win for him . 
  ooh fuck off , with your idiotic false equivalent . 
  maybe i was not clear enough . 
  they are foreign invaders . 
  if your country got invaded , would n't you do the same ? 
  well it 's the jewish people that refuse to even believe that they live in a foreign country . 
  they do n't pay taxes to the palestinian authority . 
  or even admit that they exist . 
  well it 's not my country going into the shitter , so why should it be on my mind 24/7 ? 
  poland getting kicked out would probably even a good thing for jobs here in the netherlands . 
  and are you now saying , that your previous comment was full of bullshit ? 
  it was never tried to remove all illegal jewish squatters from palestinian ground . 
  but it 's easy to always point to the weaker party as the evil one . 
  would you give up your garden for freeso a complete stranger with another culture could live there ? 
  well , here 's the thing . 
  orban is deafening silent about this . 
  so do n't count on it too much . 
  so they are getting rid of political connections by making bigger political connections ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  how the hell can you support this . 
  yep,
