  they tried in the 30s 40s in australia and canada . 
  if everything was that simple . 
  then we would n't have wars , not hate etc. 
  that we should take time and patience . 
  and also stop screaming : people do n't want to integrate !, 
  do you have examples how it can change from one day to another ? 
  it takes time . 
  a lot of time . 
  sociology wise , only in the western world . 
  as said by / u/lolkac . 
  are the most muslims voting on parties that ban gay marriage ? 
  are they actively protesting ? 
  the answer is clear : no . 
  go back to the 50s and 60s . 
  we in the western world were thinking the same as muslim countries today . 
  it all comes together in education and years upon years of change . 
  i am surprised the internet penetration was that high !, 
  however , the penetration is more important than the amount of users . 
  and good on you that there are so many tv channels in russia . 
  although it would surprise me if there were n't that many , russia is by landmass the biggest country in the world . 
  however do n't underestimate an european capability . 
  for example the netherlands has a penetration of 95.5 % . 
  with digital tv you can get also easily 100 + channels , with what i find pretty important , which are mostly foreign . 
  including several russian channels . 
   are these not yours ? 
  yes , however those islands are not the base of operations . 
  and also not targets of the drug traffickers . 
  at least not for those who go by boat . 
  for the koran war , the netherlands sent 3972 soldiers , while they actually needed to rebuild the country . 
  for the gulfwar the netherlands provided logistics . 
  for the iraq war , the dutch navy was one of the biggest sources of intelligence about the communications within the iraqi military . 
  and in afghanistan , the dutch military went on to occupy uruzgan from the usa . 
  also good luck thinking that usa wants to avoid any wars . 
  so how is it that putin is n't welcome ? 
  because he 's the cleanest politician ? 
  how so ? 
  are russians able to mind read ? 
  or are russians able to speak more languages on average than what you think is the average redditor is ? 
  but the uk is the one that tries to proof that countries should never comprise to get something they want . 
  well having different foreign policies can make stuff difficult , does n't mean that all foreign policies always conflict with each other . 
  and there 's a chance that we can streamline foreign policies . 
  but that wo n't happen until everyone is operating on the same line in the eu . 
  which is uk actively trying to destroy , because they are `` special '' . 
  well basically what happened after 24 + years and is still happening , there 's almost no better description . 
  at least for the government . 
  the uk is atm with brexit the biggest factor as to why the eu does n't function as well as you and me want . 
  it shows perfectly how one country can push their own agenda to the limit , without considering other countries . 
  that 's why the eu is as inept as the un to use their own rapid response forces . 
  there 's always one country pushing their own agenda too far . 
  what should have happen then ? 
  they got democracy and misused it in ways that nobody imagined . 
  well , maybe you should look at your own countries politics , why things go slow in the eu . 
  being part of the west is something russians they should do . 
  however they went full retard and voted on criminals and corrupt politicians . 
  one boat ? 
  you think it 's only one boat ? 
  what to think about all the self financed radar stations tracking all the boats , being pretty much the only place giving that information in that area . 
  the submarine that is also always nearby , tapping phonecalls and other stuff for even more information . 
  and defending own territory ? 
  it 's a different country that they operating in . 
  it 's just that they depends on the netherlands for money and defence . 
  and those drug boats are not a problem in cura\u00e7ao . 
  they just go straight to the usa . 
  yeah 3972 soldiers from a war ravaged country is not much . 
  those men were n't totally not needed to rebuild the country . 
  yeah those soldiers in the gulf war did n't need supplies . 
  and those in the later war did n't need any intelligence . 
  ooh yeah there was no need to retreat outstretched us forces . 
  but hey , feel free to view yourself and your country as the greatest in your little warmongering brain . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a12012m%2ftxt read article 43 . 
  basically when the council thinks they are needed . 
  and the council have n't thought that they were needed till now . 
  do you expect that your friends to help you murder someone ? 
  because a lot of usa started wars are like that . 
  there was help in the korean war , the gulf war , iraq war and in afghanistan . 
  there 's also a continuously effort to stop drugs coming to the usa by the dutch navy , which quite a lot finds more drugs than the us border guards ( of whatever organisation that is responsible to fight it ) but apparently it is n't enough . 
  edit : also do n't forget the numerous submarine missions , or how us sub commanders can have ( an almost ) free training in sub warfare from the best sub commander school in the world . 
  however there was and still is proof that most finance is coming from saudi arabia . 
  and i saw also [ dutch troops fighting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/task_force_uruzgan ) in the same war . 
  and being more effective . 
  jezus christ , people are really blind what already is achieved in military cooperation in europe . 
  besides the european rapid forces , we have the european anti piracy mission in somalia . 
  there 's a european mission going on in the mediterranean to help refugees/stem the flow . 
  there 's the dutch-german combined forces . 
  there 's the training of dutch marine officers by the english . 
  there 's the fact that the belgian and dutch navy are basically one today . 
  there are numerous european combined exercises every year . 
  and more stuff . 
  but no , because not wanting war is the same as being weak . 
  maybe because the eu as a whole was n't hit by the crisis ? 
  that does n't mean that there 's any obligation to the usa to follow them in every other war they cause . 
  awh c'mon the amount of troops in the initial invasion is proof of how poorly it was supported ? 
  come with better proof . 
  also keep in mind , nato is a defence pact . 
  not an attack pact . 
  there was more proof that saudi arabia was behind the attacks then afghanistan . 
  jezus christ , people are really blind what already is achieved in military cooperation in europe . 
  besides the european rapid forces , we have the european anti piracy mission in somalia . 
  there 's a european mission going on in the mediterranean to help refugees/stem the flow . 
  there 's the dutch-german combined forces .
