  i for one follow our national team when it 's the world cup . 
  considering how much money we invest in this sport our team is nothing but a miracle . 
  except the national team i do n't follow any other leagues unfortunately , in part due to the fact that is not that covered on our tv program . 
  it 's too bad , cause i think it 's a wonderful sport , but unfortunately football has all the attention . 
  nice place with a rich history , horrible weather , very expensive from my point of view, 
  if you work in it you can easily get a well payed job . 
  if not , it will be hard but not impossible . 
  it depends on your skills really . 
  theoreticaly it 's safe , but most ppl do n't drink it, 
  i guess vlad the impaler, 
  i 'll answer in a few days ... 
  i think we can find better areas to invest money into . 
  not romania for sure, 
  it 's non-existent in romania . 
  that 's too bad , cause i 'd like to try :'(, 
  littering is a problem imo . 
  i think it 's the polices fault for not giving enough fines . 
  i feel the litter from the dogs it 's the worst !, 
  best way to unite ? 
  common government , common language . 
  i 've played so many in english ... now i found it akward to play in romanian . 
  that 's true also for films , tv shows , etc. 
  currently i 'm having a love-hate relationship with dota 2, 
  only for 1 %  ) . 
  joke aside , what i was trying to say was that thing are not so easy to judge once you get to know the sistem . . 
  i did n't read that part , my bad !, 
  i once was 100 % against it . 
  now ... 
  i am about 99 % . 
  where did 1 % came from ? 
  well i got to know inmates . 
  some are irrecuperable . 
  they simply ca n't get back into society . 
  all they know is to do crimes , with total disregard for the law , or basic society rules . 
  i some cases , where maybe the inmate would be senteced to life and he gave his consent , maybe death penalty should be applied . 
  but then again , who are we to take a human 's life ? 
  the most recent ones : http://www.boredpanda.com/i-woke-up-at-7-am-on-1st-january-to-see-bucharests-empty-streets/, 
  well if they can stay on your property for 24h , they can find something . . 
  but maybe i have trust issues because i 've been living in romania  ), 
  that sounds like thieves heaven !, 
  liviu dragnea is loved by the majority of people ... traian b\u0103sescu is a better controversial figure that is loved by a minority . 
  even for funerals , odd for the living . 
  well in the recent ellections psd ( the party who won them ) spread the rumor that the prime-minister at that time was the son of george soros . 
  they also said that all the government was all made entirely of soros puppets . 
  fyi they had a campaign `` not to sell the country '' to foreigners , and they won . 
  last year i was optimistic ( which is an exception ) . 
  but now , because of the recent elections i am very pessimistic . 
  i am actually thinking of leaving the country . 
  the law that regulates the process of making a law so i could change many more . 
  it 's no man 's land !, 
  it 's currently snowing , but not to harsh . 
  i am currently in breaza , prahova ... idk about the rest of the country . 
  romanian is spoken de facto in moldova . 
  i say i can understand around 80/90 % of what they speak, 
  it has definitely declined because of the recent laws that makes it illegal to smoke indoors in public places . 
  if some1 is caught the owner of the indoor place is fined with a huge sum . 
  sry , but i ca n't give you any percentages . 
  no `` racitura '' ? 
  minimum once per year , just for tourism, 
  he 's german , ofc it 's accurate :p, 
  just an advice : have in mind the mosquito season when you want to visit the danube delta . 
  are u serious man ? 
  they have great lager !, 
  it 's basically an eu country that 's located in na . 
  now that 's some good info right there . 
  i think anyone i know would be easily offended by this . 
  when was the last time usa annexed a region with total disregard for international law ? 
  and at least usa promotes real values such as freedom of speech . 
  sure they are pretty far from being perfect , but they are a long way from russia . 
  how about winning the world cup ? 
  it 's like the crimea-russian-problem , but because it is/was done to moldova , no1 cares . 
  you are right but there 's a historical reason why we are n't the same country . 
  yep , it 's russia . 
  in 2009 we voted to change the parliament ( from 2 chambers to 1 , and to reduce the number of members of the parliament ) . 
  in 2016 , nothing has changed :| . 
  i love how you make a referendum for so many decisions . 
  i think you are a great example of true democracy . 
  and i also like how you guys vote responsibly , like you did with that minimum income for anyone . 
  when did a referendum like that take place in romania ?? 
  they 're a very beautiful country and a bit cheaper than even romania . 
  check `` veliko tarnovo '' for instance . 
  they do n't speak many foreign languages ... like any ... at all . 
  they have a reversed gestures of approval/denial : they say `` yes '' and turn their head right - left , and when they say no , they move their head up-down . 
  they speak `` moldavian '' ( another word for romanian , but it has some specific words , and a more russian accent ) and russian . 
  they have very good wine and beautiful women . 
  that 's all the nice things i can say about moldova so i 'll end on a high note . 
  those are some legit advices , ty !, 
  dacia logan i think . 
  probably because it 's cheap , and the spare parts are also cheap . 
  shaorma/kebab and pizza, 
  i plan to get married in the near future since i think i found the right person . 
  unfortunately i need to save some.money for that :'(, 
  we do n't see you as arabs , or gypses , or anything else than turks . 
  nobody buys 1l of pepsi . 
  the 2.5 l bottle is about 1.3 $, 
  it 's definitely a thing in romania , and we also make fun of them . 
  but i think they are present only in big cities , small towns are spared ... 
  not possible with public buses . 
  only with private ones , `` the gian tourist '' ones . 
  pro choice because i think it 's better for the world to have children that are really wanted by their parents , and not just accidents that they have to deal with .
