  from what i gather , macron and merkel are not quite as friendly as merkel and hollande ( could be time spent together is less , could be hollande was somewhat of a weak figure ) . 
  i dont know how far macron will try to push merkel . 
  but i do agree , germany will accept debt relief , most likely because the imf just said they wont join unless it happens , and germany really wants the imf to pay . 
  interesting post , glad you shared . 
  first off , sorry for the blocky text , i 'm not very good at formatting . 
  i think i may have not expressed myself in a reasonable way , and if that is what you got out of it then that is my bad . 
  i will address the last point first because i believe that is the one i have to defend the most . 
  i do not believe that the greek people as a whole are lazy nor entitled . 
  what i do believe , is that their government promised them things , and what government does not . 
  a good way to get power is to promise more than what people currently have . 
  from my understanding , the greek crisis was triggered by the great recession knocking the wind out of the greek economy , and causing the already structurally weak economy to collapse . 
  that is the economic history behind it . 
  from my understanding ( what i have learned through research , which may be wrong ) , this structural weakness was compounded by a large debt/gdp ratio with a large reliance of public sector jobs . 
  in regards to pensions , i would direct you to [ this article ] . 
  ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/jun/15/unsustainable-futures-greece-pensions-dilemma-explained-financial-crisis-default-eurozone ) . 
  so yes , greece 's pension system is still terribly overweight , however i will admit that i was not up to date on the newest greek developments , so yes greece still has imo too generous of an early pension for some , but generally their retirement is now at german levels . 
  i would however , caution you in accusing me of racism , as i have tried very very hard to provide evidence or explanations for my belief . 
  i do n't believe that greece is all the things you accuse me of , but i do believe that their government has caused these problems , and that their anger is misdirected . 
  it is a fact that greeks protested against the needed austerity . 
  the eu/imf have no interest in ruining greece , but both have demanded some amounts of austerity and reform for loans . 
  i will admit , i did succumb a tad to rhetoric , however the answer still is not to relieve all the debt , that not only sets a bad precedent , but also generates conflict between germany and france , and greece . 
  if i were greek , i would be angry at germany most likely , because germany has at times been rather unreasonable with its terms , i will admit that . 
  however , i believe that greece is does n't really have a choice , greece has to follow the demanded reforms of the creditors if it wants to get back on its feet . 
  if greece were still on the drachme it would simply lower the value of its currency and generate exports that way , however because it is in the euro ( fraudulently i might add ) , it is stuck in this situation . 
  on the topic west german loans ! = greek loans , i think you fail to grasp the difference in my mind between wartime spending , and peacetime spending . 
  as well as necessary spending and , ill call it luxury ( even if it is n't , i dont have a better word for it ) . 
  i believe that infrastructure is something any country , at any time should get funds to improve , infrastructure drives the modern economy . 
  infrastructure and things to help build a country from nothing are imo different from social spending . 
  if all of greece 's debt was from building highways and infrastructure , i would be absolutely willing to reduce the debt ( i personally believe debt relief goes too far at all times ) . 
  i was trying to explain , why there is a difference in debt reduction , i do not believe germany should have gotten debt reduction on world war 1 debts , but it 's in the past , i can not fix it . 
  i do n't think i 'm having an emotional reaction , i 'm merely trying to explain why i do not personally believe greece 's debt should be wiped . 
  would you have the greek people total victim status , in a democracy , when their government is corrupt and lying ? 
  granted , i do not live in a country where corruption is rampant , but i find it difficult to believe that the greek voters have no culpability in this . 
  that said , i do not know where the greek anger comes from , i only try and figure it out , i genuinely do not understand where the greek anger comes from . 
  all i see , based on my research , is a country paying for decades of corruption and overspending . 
  yes it sucks , but logically , we need to 1 ) make sure this does n't happen again , and 2 ) minimize suffering across the continent . 
  do you have a solution that both prevents greece from spending european money again and still relieves their debt ? 
  i know greeks do not want to sink the eu , but we 've seen that politicians all across the continent ca n't be trusted to think long term ( cough david cameron cough ) , it is all about next election . 
  all i would ask from you is this : should there be consequences for overspending within the single currency ? 
  if we had united fiscal policy , we could move the money around . 
  i do n't like the idea of a fiscal union , but this is the weakness of a monetary only union , there is nothing to keep spending in line with income , and you end up in a situation like greece . 
  as i see it , the only reason i could think greeks are angry is because their economy has been trashed , and because the government is being forced to cut social services . 
  yes , perhaps germany is too harsh towards greece , but i would stop short of claiming that greeks are victims . 
  yes there is massive inequality in the country , but in the end , it is a democracy . 
  they had control , just like if germany goes to shit , i , as a german voter , am to blame . 
  in fact , i would throw the emotional bias gauntlet at your feet instead , and ask you to justify both how greece got here , and why greece is rightfully angry . 
  i have tried to do nothing , but logically and emotionlessly discuss the differences in our opinions , and have tried to provide evidence of my beliefs . 
  i would not call myself close-minded ( though everyone tells themselves that ) . 
  on your last point , i thought about this for a while , and i came to the conclusion , that no , that person does not exist , however , i believe that is a strawman you yourself have created . 
  i would argue , that there are many greek voters , who accepted a generous economic subsidy by the government , did not pay their taxes , and did not bother to question where this all ends . 
  i generally believe people are ignorant , heck i 'm ignorant on a lot of topics , so are millions of people in every nation on this planet . 
  so yes , i would argue that greeks as a whole wanted to have their cake and eat it too . 
  everyone does . 
  if i could retire at 40 , i would do it . 
  what makes fiscal sense is n't always important , because people are n't always informed voters . 
  i fail to see , how in a democracy , the people can be entirely blameless , and if you accept that they are not entirely blameless , you need to decide how to proceed . 
  are there consequences for overspending on credit ? 
  this is the central question to me . 
  on one hand there is human compassion for the suffering in greece , on the other there is my firm belief in order and justice . 
  i believe a full bailout of greece with no consequences would be unjust , i would lay the majority of the blame for the current crisis at the feet of greek voters , is this unreasonable in your opinion ? 
  i 'm not here to spread hate ( you can see my whole arguments in other threads on that ) , i genuinely just want to come to an intellectual understanding of the issue . 
  i have what i have gathered from my research , and you disagree with me . 
  great , please make me reconsider my views . 
  sorry that this is another text block , i write until i run out of things to say . 
  unfortunately that is conducive to blocks . 
  in the first part of my response , i shall start with the notion that paying taxes would have done nothing to the poor management of government . 
  i believe this notion to be false , if not because people do not like seeing their money get wasted , but because it their duty . 
  the efficiency of government does not come into play , in my mind , about people paying taxes . 
  greek tax evasion is still around 24 % , despite massive improvements on the greeks part . 
  then i would critique your source , although i did find other reputable sources reporting on this man , so i will accept that this is true . 
  i would first like to say that this man thomas piketty is considered a bit out there on economic theories ( though that does not make his critique any less valid ) . he is someone who is incredibly critical of capitalism . 
  this is n't bad or good , but that does show some bias . 
  now that i 've somewhat put him in reference . 
  first off , i would critique the idea that germany has never payed its debts , it has had debt reductions ( as has greece ) . 
  in fact germany finished paying off its ww1 debt on october 3rd 2010 . 
  next i will critique the argument that these are identical . 
  i would argue that the different circumstances made it necessary to bail out germany . 
  i would point to the struggling nature of the general european economies , and the absolute lack of any remaining infrastructure in europe . 
  i 've stated before above that i do not believe that war reparations and general purpose debt can be fairly compared . 
  i would argue this is because of what that money was spent on , and the nature by which that money was demanded ( ie one was after a conflict , where the loser did not expect to pay this money ) , whereas general purpose government loans come with a guarantee of money back . 
  i would focus on intent here , in that war reparations are not something a country expects to pay , meaning you can not properly balance a budget around them ( ie if i lost a war tomorrow and people demanded $ 1000 from me , i could not guarantee that i would have that money . 
  whereas if i go to the bank and request a loan , i am from the beginning guaranteeing i pay back the money . 
  i would also like to point out that while marshall plan aid to germany was about 4 % of the german gdp , while greece received close to 200 % gdp . 
  so greece did gain plenty post war . 
  [ source ] ( http://docs.dpaq.de/9100-sd_mai_2015_sonderausgabe.pdf ) . 
  so greece also got more than its fair share of aid in the past . 
  next i would argue that what you spend your borrowed money on should also be factored in . 
  if i live in the us and go into debt because of medical bills , is that not morally better than doing into debt to drink alcohol ? 
  i believe there is a difference here , and the point remains that the aid/debt reduction ( not relief , reduction , though 50 % is a large bit ) . 
  this money was spent on infrastructure and rebuilding a ruined nation . 
  i would argue this is similar to the medical bills argument . 
  on the other hand , the current situation in greece , i would argue is closer to alcohol-based debt . 
  i remind you that greece was only able to borrow this money because it received a highly favorable credit rating upon joining the euro , because it was expected that the stronger economies would pay for greece . 
  greek retirement age is still below that of germany and in the words of one editorial in the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung [ `` the greeks go onto the streets to protest against the increase of the pension age from 61 to 63 . 
  does that mean that the germans should in future extend the working age from 67 to 69 , so that the greeks can enjoy their retirement ? '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/feb/11/germany-greece-tax-debt-crisis ) . 
  while i do not doubt that not every greek benefited from its government 's bad spending ( and intentional hiding of evidence , might i add ) , but the point stands . 
  greece has a whole cheated the entry requirements and spent money it did n't have simply to make its people happy . 
  people being happy is good , but not when you are secretly piling on debt . 
  i would draw the line between what a government must do ( build infastructure ) and what a government wants to do ( high pensions ) , and say that the second one is unacceptable . 
  so while i do not deny that germany has receieved payment help in the past , i believe that you can not fairly compare the two situations , and i would have to disagree with mr. piketty .
