  i 'm from south germany ( bawu ) and i 'm pretty certain we wo n't legalize it down here for at least another 10 years . 
  if marihuana gets legalized in germany , it wo n't be for a long time , our biggest parties cdu and spd ( for now ) do n't support legalization and personally i feel the cdu/csu wo n't support it for a long time , as its the christian democratic union . 
  maybe i 'm not expressing myself well , happens often . 
  my english is terrible . 
  not everyone who disagree with me is self loathing , that would be a fallacy . 
  what i said is that i believe that lots of people my age ( 20 ) are n't proud of being german and sort of still see us as badguys . 
  i 'm from bavaria so i know seehofer , but pretty often i here people calling him a nazi . 
  of course it is possiblep have a good discussion without slinging names . 
  i just wished to express the feeling that too many ( how ever many that may be ) are n't proud of how far we have come , and see any attempt at pride in our nation as fascism . 
  i am from bavaria and live in berlin . 
  i saw the protests , and while many people on both sides are reasonable , i thin the discussion of what we want to do , whether it be control migration or not . 
  the holocaut needs to stay out of the discussion . 
  never forget and never repeat it , but to keep mentioning it is detrimental to a good discussion . 
  it just makes people defensive and unwilling to assert themselves if it is n't a super pc idea . 
  again sorry if i make errors or spelling mistakes on mobile . 
  people can feel free to disagree with me , but we really should speak only on modern topics . 
  our historical racism does n't / should n't hold sway in our modern germany . 
  we are a different generation and in my opinion , a far better one . 
  hope that clears up the confusion . 
  i usually vote left leaning but this migration discussion has n't been a healthy one imo . 
  yeah , i definitely do n't want to vote afd and i do n't plan on voting them . 
  i just can not stand that if you try to open discussion on how we want to proceed , if it is n't a straight up '' let everyone in without checks '' then you get compared to the nazis . 
  i really hope that the cdu loses and has to form a coalition , but i do n't think there are any parties right now that are for more bureaucracy for immigrants . 
  if the afd were n't so crazy i 'd want a cdu-afd-spd coalition , and hope that the cdu and spd can make the afd moderate . 
  things will get better , but i feel like merkel needs to admit that unchecked refugees was a mistake . 
  it costs more to house them here , and it hurts those who decided to stay and do the legal thing . 
  my largest fear is that the other parties will blindly refuse to at least talk about stricter controls , and that will lead voters to voting the afd on that single issue . 
  the afd is terrifying to me , and i fear that ignoring the growing community that is skeptical of the current policy could end badly . 
  i 'm living in berlin so i saw the rallies pro and against immigration on saturday , i do n't want this issue to destroy us , and we really need some compromises and discussions . 
  honestly , germany is n't anywhere near a large problem right now , we have it good , and the refugees are n't bringing us to our knees , but the rise of right wing parties across europe is not a good sign , and seeing what is going on in austria and france , i worry that mainstream politicians will ignore the concerns and make way for the rise of these far-right parties . 
  i do n't think anyone has a desire to go back to the hate of the nazi era . 
  it was a terrible event , but we should learn from it . 
  letting it hang over us just pushes people to the far right instead of keeping them from it . 
  never forget , but do n't let it control you and steer you into the far right . 
  people do n't like being called nazis for questioning the far-left dream . 
  we 'll get through this , but i 'd prefer if we did it peacefully and without suffering . 
  good luck austria , i hope that if you do get him , he at least does n't ruin the country . 
  i did n't say i support the afd o-o , i was just bemoaning that we ca n't have a reasonable discussion about migrants in this country . 
  i believe that we should take refugees , but i 'm not so certain about migrants , and its pretty clear our bureaucracy messed up with registering all of them if we ca n't guarantee they are from anywhere near syria . 
  i do consider myself a nationalist ? 
  yes i do , i am proud to be german , but i am not better than anyone else . 
  i am proud of our culture and want to see it remain , but i do n't disagree with immigration . 
  i feel like nationalists can often come across as whiny because they do n't like the trend of multi-kulti in europe , because they see it as importing immigrants for the sake of the propaganda . 
  immigrants are fine imo , but it should be assimilation not integration , we are n't america , we are a nation-state and the natives are the german people , immigrants can become german if they want ( ethnicity is not relevant imo ) , but you should n't bring immigrants just so that you can say you have them . 
  let them come on their own through the legal proceedures we have , if they show up at our border , i am not inclined to help though , since it hurts those who decided to do it the legal way , in a sense rewarding those who didnt follow the procedure . 
  i kind of disagree that the afd is in line with erdogan , they are definitely nuts , ( thats what my statement was saying : that we ca n't have a normal discussion of migrants due to people claiming nazi on all anti-free flow of migrants , and that unfortunately that has led to the rise of the afd ) . 
  of course we ca n't tell exactly how the afd would react in office , but from a policy perspective you can not deny they are similar . 
  hopefully that clears things up , and sorry if i made mistakes , english isnt my first language . 
  man it 's really sad . 
  i 'm german and i can slowly see germans becoming less friendly towards the turks in our nation . 
  that said too many of them still hold outdated ideals that do n't fit in our nation . 
  it honestly surprises me that turkish immigrants would identify more with turkey than germany even if born in germany . 
  did we really do that bad a job at integrating ? 
  and is our only solution to build hate til we mindlessly purge the turks ? 
  often i wish we did n't have the stupid legacy of the holocaust that prevents any discussion on protecting germany for fear of being called nazis . 
  you ca n't keep telling the german people they are n't worthy of defending themselves forever . 
  i fear for my country :( . 
  is afd really the only way to limit this mindless self loathing the germans have started ? 
  man it 's really sad . 
  i 'm german and i can slowly see germans becoming less friendly towards the turks in our nation . 
  that said too many of them still hold outdated ideals that do n't fit in our nation . 
  it honestly surprises me that turkish immigrants would identify more with turkey than germany even if born in germany . 
  did we really do that bad a job at integrating ? 
  and is our only solution to build hate til we mindlessly purge the turks ? 
  often i wish we did n't have the stupid legacy of the holocaust that prevents any discussion on protecting germany for fear of being called nazis . 
  you ca n't keep telling the german people they are n't worthy of defending themselves forever . 
  i fear for my country :( . 
  is afd really the only way to limit this mindless self loathing the germans have started ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  listen , i refuse to believe no one else digs holes on the beach . 
  everyone else just refuses to admit to it . 
  it 's perfectly natural to see an unspoiled beach and instinctively feel the need to rebuild the atlantic wall . 
  after all , you never know when the brits and americans are gon na come again * eye twitch *, 
  but that isnt an issue with gay rights , thats an issue with german adoption laws . 
  it isnt discrimination , just an overly protective bureaucratic mess . 
  em ... it 's literally just a change in name . 
  by the letter of the law they should be the same . 
  i do n't see the big issue , it 's a name . 
  you can call it your marriage if you want , just legally it is separate . 
  a name change is really minute , which is probably why a large part of germans do n't care that much , because it 's basically already the same thing . 
  the only differences are constitutional protection of the civil union ( ie technically it could be revoked , but wo n't ) , and some differences in adoption rights ( can not adopt together , but one can adopt , then the other adopt the same kid ) . 
  way to overreact to a relatively small issue . 
  the differences are minute legal technicalities.comparing us to nazis really is n't being reasonable . 
  fascinating point of view , i can see why the greek people would feel germany and their government are stringing them along . 
  i will also concede that germany has not exactly been realistic with greece . 
  you cant expect them to suddenly find a pile of money when the lower classes have been squeezed dry . 
  that said , i would lay quite a bit of blame on the corrupt greek government , since it seems they started this mess . 
  i think the corrupt and overbloated public sector created this mess , and ended up destroying average greeks lives . 
  germany should definitely not string greece along just for political motives , which i can agree with . 
  i said in 2013 , there was no chance of a greek recovery , we needed debt reduction . 
  i think the main difference in view is that it is oftentimes hard to separate the corrupt government from the normal people . 
  the german notion that greeks dont want to pay their taxes and want to keep cushy government jobs , isnt exactly wrong , but it isnt a realistic truth . 
  the greek notion that germany is overpushing greece just to appease voters at home , imho is probably true . 
  merkel doesnt want to lose power . 
  however , i think where the main german critique comes from , is towards the wealthy greeks . 
  who benefited from this money and then ran away . 
  greece has done a great job pushing in much needed reforms and cracking down on tax evasion . 
  i think the difference in view point comes from one just seeing the outward face of greece ( aka the rich tax dodgers ) , and not seeing that not everyday greeks benefited from the deception ( relatively speaking ) . 
  i find your theory interesting , and i can see the logic . 
  my main critique of it would be that macron may not push as hard for debt restructuring as he probably should .
