  no german soldier would dare oppose the constitution , the will of the people simply is n't there . 
  yes any law can be changed , but the mood to change our constitution to expel millions of people is to potential death is no where near that . 
  pardon my bluntness , but if we did that , we as a nation would have committed a second holocaust and would deserve partition . 
  if you are n't german it is hard to explain the deep woulds the 2nd world war has left on us . 
  nie wieder ( never again ) is so deeply ingrained in us , that even standing up for ourselves internationally is difficult . 
  for this reason , i truly believe , it is impossible to do this , not just because of current political mood , but because to be german is to live in the shadow of the darkest decade in our history . 
  we are shackled by our history like no other nation , being german means accepting that the greatest evil to befall mankind was done in your name . 
  live with that for a lifetime , and casting out people who are here under our constitutional protection becomes unthinkable . 
  as a society , germany is unable to ever do something like this , not just because it is morally unfathomable , but because it would amount to a second holocaust in the german mentality . 
  i honestly believe we as a nation would not survive another event like that . 
  the german people could not survive another atrocity . 
  hopefully that explains why i am so confident in our constitution , it is n't the law , it is the culture behind it is . 
  we are our past , we try to move past it , but we never will . 
  germans will always carry the guilt of the war with us , whether or not we personally participated in it . 
  in the eyes of the world , we are still the same people . 
  on a slight tirade , that is why putting merkel with a hitler mustache is so offensive to germans , we have tried for decades to move past our great crimes , and yet we never can escape them . 
  we are like the man who once molested a child , no matter how hard we try and reform , we are never allowed near a child again . 
  other countries do n't have this burden , that is why germany is so open towards refugees and why the afd is vilified , it goes against our every instinct . 
  i 'm just thankful for another day off . 
  i did n't really know why , but i wo n't complain about not having to work . 
  i dont like w\u00f6rking 7 days a week , only the required 5-6 . 
  oh my goodness . 
  we do n't even have 30 degrees and im melting , how do you people handle this t.t. 
  i ca n't even imagine 40 degrees . 
  it is actually literally impossible for germany to deport these people , it is in our constitution . 
  the right of refugees to seek asylum in germany is literally written into our founding document . 
  that was expanded on by the 1951 un treaty of refugees to mean all kinds of refugees . 
  it is n't just morally reprehensible , it quite literally is not possible to do in the federal republic of germany . 
  edit : i forgot to mention that it is impossible to deport people until they have had a chance to plead their case , not that it is impossible to deport them period . 
  those who are either mid-processing or have been accepted , can not by german basic law , be deported without reason . 
  i can agree that everyone and everything moving to germany will be an issue in the future . 
  how are other countries supposed to recover with germany stealing all the good workers , at the same time , i do n't think we can really prevent this unless the standard of living in the other countries surpasses germany , right now it is simply better for romanians or greeks to move to germany and send money back . 
  imho that is partially why i do n't think further integration of the eu will work on an economic level , we are hugely different economies , a single market is great for consumers , but hurts workers in less developed economies . 
  oh yes , germans definitely do not know what is happening in greece . 
  we hear about the youth unemployment , but because we live in a fantastic economy , we do n't appreciate their hardship , you can partially blame the german economic miracle for it , we are n't used to hardship anymore . 
  the last time we went hungry ( 1920s and 1930s ) we did n't react that well ( cough cough nsdap cough cough ) . 
  to a lot of people , relieving the greek debt comes across as supporting the `` leech '' myth . 
  the belief is that many of these smaller weaker economies are mooching off the credit rating of german and french economies . 
  greece and other nations would never have been able to borrow as much as they did with as low interest as they did if they did n't have the implicit backing of the german financial institutions . 
  if german taxpayers felt like the government was bailing out greece , i believe we would see the ruling party drop from power ( that said we only really have 2 real parties that have a chance of being in charge ( cdu and spd , any other party rn is far too small ) . 
  i 'd argue that war reparation debt is different from debt by spending . 
  one is monetary costs created by a destructive conflict ( that i 'm not going to get into the reasoning of why germans felt the war was necessary ) , and one is money spent to improve lives despite not being able to finance it . 
  to put it bluntly , germany expected to win world war 2 , the debts were not planned , where as the greek governments knew they were going to have to pay this eventually . 
  using the cheap credit they got when they joined the eu won them short term benefits in greece , a shame they only thought short term . 
  west germany 's world war 1 debt is not comparable to that of greek post-ascension debt . 
  oh i agree , greece should n't suffer because of its past actions , i 'm just trying to share how many germans feel about any bailout . 
  for the most part , germans do n't see it as their problem , yes we are all in the eu , but as of now , we are n't the same country . 
  to at least some of us , bailing out greece feels the same as bailing out argentina , despite being completely different scenarios . 
  people just do n't feel like it is our job to pay for what has happened . 
  it 's a terrible situation , and unfortunately there is a part of all of us that is vindictive . 
  we like stories about people getting what they deserve , despite it being bad for everyone . 
  i do n't know how to solve the greece issue , i 'm not that smart , but i can understand where both sides come from . 
  germany is n't trying to ruin greece , and greece is n't trying to be a leech . 
  it 's rational actors working for their own interest , and unfortunately fucking each other over in the process . 
  ideally , we could find a big pile of money , and have greece pay off its debt with that , that way no one was to pay . 
  very interesting thanks for sharing . 
  ah , so the argument is german companies funnel money out of the countries and into germany . 
  but is n't this just the consequence of a free market ? 
  if french or bulgarian nails were better , would n't they replace the german companies ? 
  i agree this is a problem , but is it something we can solve ? 
  i wo n't deny that germany aspires to lead europe ( for better or worse we have to , we are a huge economy , we ca n't be switzerland ) . 
  i can not speak to the german conglomerates issue as i do n't understand it . 
  i 'm german so german companies being big does n't strike me as odd , though i will admit i can not name a single greek company that i know of . 
  could you perhaps explain more what this means ? 
  i do n't think i quite get what this is . 
  is it that people do n't like german companies taking over other companies ? 
  because unfortunately that is what a single market does if other companies ca n't compete . 
  i think that is understandable , europe would have been better off without a ww2 , no one denies that ( heck germany would be a good bit bigger and have more people , we lost 8 % of our population during the war ) . 
  but i do n't think it is reasonable to argue that any difference there may be 70 years later is the responsibility of the german taxpayer . 
  my grandparents and parents were all born after the war , my great grandfather was in the volkssturm and was killed in the bombing of heilbronn , we all suffered and no amount of time will change that , but germany can not bear the sole responsibility for a war it started 70 years later ( i 'm not going to get into the reasons behind germany starting ww2 , as its a long and complicated subject ) , but i believe that because of the post-war us aid western europe ( including greece ) got that helps distance us from german destruction . 
  if germany had not been utterly destroyed after the war i would agree heavily , but germany was also in ruins ( probably deserved it too ) . 
  i think trying to correct disasters of the past with monetary complications today is folly , greece signed the 1960 treaty and accepted the money germany gave them then as payment in full for crimes committed . 
  i do not believe bringing up the worst part in my country 's history is reasonable when discussing payments to greece in 2017 . 
  we settled these issues in the past , europe is worse off for world war 2 , heck the world is worse off , but the germany i know is not the germany of hitler . 
  we payed our debts , and continue to bear the social burdens of the past . 
  trying to bring memories of world war 2 into modern german contexts only makes the discussion emotional , and makes it hard for germans to back down . 
  the worst thing people could do is have pictures of merkel with a hitler mustache , it kills any desire to understand . 
  that said , i agree europe is worse off for world war 2 , but i would disagree that it bears any relevance in the modern discussion , outside of to discredit germany ( my god i 'm shilling for my country today , did not expect that when i woke up ) . 
  oh i do not disagree , but i would argue that until syria is safe , we can not just send them back . 
  working to integrate those that are here , while they stay here ( be it indefinitely or temporarily ) is the best thing we can do . 
  we do not want to bring instability to europe ( though we may have brought it already ) . 
  working with people who are already in germany is the most humane thing we can do . 
  of course it would have been better if we had stopped the migrants at the borders , but we did n't so we have to figure out how to deal with our current problems , and ideally before the next wave of migrants hits ( africa is expected to add many people , and also get more inhospitable due to global warming = more refugees ) . 
  ideally these people would stop having kids or stop coming to europe , but i ca n't blame them . 
  in their shoes i would come to germany as well . 
  i do n't accept that the flow of refugees will never stop , but i do believe that we can not get rid of the people we already have here . 
  we need to find a solution to refugee problems that both helps keep people where they are , but also improves their quality of life without hurting the european welfare model . 
  it 's a mess of a situation i do n't have an answer to , but for those people who are in germany , the least we can do is try and get along during their stay . 
  yep , it 's a politically unpopular opinion , such that it is . 
  yeah , germany did quite a bit of bad ( to put it lightly ) , but that said i would argue that it is different seeing as both countries gained marshall plan aid ( albeit germany getting more as a % ) , and the current crisis is not directly linkable to german atrocities during world war 2 ( though i would appreciate information if there is a definite link , i am partially ignorant of greek history from 1945 - 1975 ) . 
  i would n't go so far as to say we sucked greece dry , i think we definitely benefited from the market , but that said , no one is completely innocent here . 
  calling greece innocent is ignorant of history , same with germany . 
  it was a case of entirely rational countries creating this mess to please their people . 
  we did n't force greece into a near bankruptcy , we definitely did n't help them , if they had the drachme they could have reacted better to the crisis , this is true , but we did not fake their records for them , nor did we force them to create a massive public debt . 
  blaming germany is reasonable , but it is only half the story . 
  i 'm trying to explain the german perspective , because i feel you never hear this from germans on reddit . 
  our government has the stance it does because the people want it , it is that simple . 
  we are n't all evil mustache twirling ex-nazis out to ruin greece and southern europe . 
  we are a prosperous country and the largest by population in the eu , we have our national interests and they happen to collide with southern europe , esp . 
  greece .
