it is n't the official argument . 
  i do n't even know what it is . 
  it 's my personal reason why i like it . 
  yes and no . 
  the supermarket people can go home and spend time with their family , but also , if stores are closed you can not do as much , so more people go home and spend the day with relatives . 
  sigmar gabriel is pretty meh tbh . 
  biggest issue is that the cdu is the biggest party and we 've got no one else to vote for in the cdu . 
  she 's got no good successor . 
  i mean , in bavaria anyone not named csu wont win . 
  i 'm actually super glad we ca n't shop on sundays . 
  it gives everyone a day for family . 
  i always go home during sunday to eat and hang out with my grandparents . 
  though that might just be us nutty bavarians . 
  there is a reason we are the only language i know of to have the word `` politikverdrossenheit '' . 
  it translates to political apathy or bored with politics because it is always the same . 
  for whatever reason we germans are really fond of having the same people in charge for 20 years at a time . 
  but hey , dull bureaucracy works . 
  german political parties can be blocked by the decades they ruled . 
  we do n't change much . 
  besides who else do we have that is n't terrible / just as boring ? 
  we do n't have any superstar politicians . 
  from what i 've heard from foreigners , our grammar is evil ( which it is ) . 
  pronunciation is n't that hard , but we like to give em the one two with grammar rules . 
  people are weird . 
  not sure if people actually google that , but i would n't be surprised if they did, 
  did you forget to milk the rest of europe 's tears recently ? 
  that 's probably why you are n't rich . 
  if it makes you feel any better . 
  the top 3 german results for france are : why is france so expensive , so loved , and so gay . 
  :o going for the long con . 
  vi are donezo, 
  i can see the argument , but where it falls flat on me is that without a balanced budget there is no endgame . 
  you either spend into a default building up an economy only for it to crash down or you do austerity and destroy the economy . 
  how the deck are we supposed to get out of this ? 
  the only way i can see is short term austerity for the greek government with the center of europe helping ease the transition by helping pay , as well as finally catching tax evaders . 
  my grandparents ( lovely people ) would say greece deserves to suffer for overspending , but that 's imo a terrible idea . 
  the issue for lots of germans is that we 've worked long and hard and saved a lot to get out economy into a healthy state . 
  we 've got problems but our debt is not out of control so from our perspective we 're paying for others stupidity , ofc it 's never that simple , but that 's the soundbyte . 
  germans do n't want to pay , but kinda have to . 
  banks never seem to learn regarding risky spending though , but my econ minor is n't enough for me to understand that topic well enough to make an argument there . 
  just interested ( plz do n't lynch the kraut ) , but why do you oppose austerity ? 
  the only argument i see is that it is terrible for the economy ( which is 100 % true ) . 
  but i do n't see another way . 
  southern europe ca n't keep spending more money than they have forever without a good economy . 
  who is supposed to foot the bill ? 
  we certainly do n't want to keep doing it . 
  situation sucks , but the greeks spent themselves into this corner , only way out is with pain :( . 
  though id love to hear ideas on how to make the south more productive so that we do n't need to support them monetarily forever . 
  oh no we 'll be overrun with by cultured hasbeens and the legendary rectangle :p, 
  huh ive not experienced that . 
  maybe cus ice only been near the german border in austria but try always seem to like poking fun at us . 
  geopolitics is a bitch and no one except the us won ww2, 
  god bless the marshall plan . 
  in terms of territory germany has been slapped hard both times . 
  i do n't think our neighbors would let us remain 1 nation if we went nuts again . 
  i 'd complain about the south not wanting to do its duty , but since my govt kinda invited them all here i do n't have that right . 
  that 's basically a declaration of war . 
  our football teams are the greatest . 
  after all , they are german :p, 
  saying that is basically heresy . 
  culture wise pretty much , but never dare to tell them that . 
  heh the austrians do n't like us cus they ai n't us . 
  i live near the austrian border ( allg\u00e4u ) and you guys sure do n't like being called german though you guys basically are . 
  though bavarians do n't like being called german either . 
  love to poke fun at austrians , they are a weird people :p, 
  yeah i can understand anti german sentiment . 
  anti pole sentiment exists heavily in my family . 
  my family is silesian german and was for centuries , we got forced out of silesia after ww2 , lost all our belongings and were forbidden to return by the polish government . 
  it sucks we ca n't just share the border :( , though it does n't make much sense now after all the germans are gone . 
  something people may not actively think of is how much germany payed for its aggression . 
  i doubt a german nation state would survive another war . 
  i 'll be honest , i have no idea why we did n't just funnel money to italy and greece to help them keep the refugees . 
  it 's way easier to send a check than to try and house people across a continent . 
  it 's still unfair towards the italians and greeks , but life is n't fair and that 's what you get for having nice weather . 
  ( sour af german dealing with schizophrenic weather that lives to make you suffer ) i do n't think sending the refugees to greece now is a good idea , 1 ) they will resist and it 's a pain and 2 ) it makes merkel look like a weak leader who wo n't stand her ground . 
  3rd times the charm . 
  they 'll never expect the economic takeover  it 's the most stealthy . 
  obviously i know very little about poland and do n't want to generalize a diverse minded population , but how do poles view us germans in general ? 
  i always felt we got along well , is this a lone escalation that has rather little to do with speaking german or is there still some dislike for us due to the past ( not that we were n't a bit more than jerks to them ) . 
  any poles care to help an ignorant german out ? 
  god no thats a terrible idea , i 'd rather work longer than take out debt . 
  imo debt is the worst thing we can do . 
  damn , can someone better informed than me explain to me why romania is growing so fast ? 
  what are they doing that for example hungary is n't ? 
  though i 'm not certain we want more debt , tbh id be willing to work til i die if it avoids more debt , heaven knows we have too much already . 
  yeah the french really have us beat there , no contest . 
  yeah , honestly with our declining pop , we 'll evetually be unable to pay pensions as the workforce continues to decline . 
  apparently kindergeld is n't enough to get people to want kids , not really sure how to get out of this hole . 
  it 's either have more kids or make it so people do n't get as much when they retire or do n't let them retire . 
  such is life . 
  my grandmother for example gets no payments because she was a homemaker , and has to live off of my grandfather , so our system is more than a little fucked up . 
  i 'm pretty certain i 'll work until i die . 
  yeah , our system is n't going to last forever in its current form . 
  imo the government is doing it to keep our precious balanced budget and to avoid upsetting people , because no one likes pension changes . 
  that and germans do n't have kids for whatever reason t.t, 
  well as much as it sucks , we want to keep our budget balanced so that we do n't collapse . 
  something our neighbors sometimes do n't like . 
  so i guess its tightening our belts until we can afford to retire , such is life . 
  as the other german stated , we have bigger problems than legalizing marihuana . 
  plus some of us ( including me ) see no reason it should be legal .
