  i would not disagree that with no debt , greece would be better off , but actions do have consequences . 
  maybe i want to live in a mansion instead of a shitty apartment . 
  ok , i 'll take out a huge loan and buy a mansion . 
  then i run out of money and ask for debt relief , would i be better off with debt relief , absolutely , but i spent money i did n't have and now do n't expect to pay for it . 
  that is cheating the money lender out of money they were promised . 
  if the money lender is willing to accept debt relief ( which germany has been , also demanding reforms to the greek government and austerity ) , in my opinion it is fair to ask for reforms when relieving debt . 
  if i went bankrupt in my mansion example , people would come and take my mansion , that is basic lending . 
  austerity hurts , and greece will never dig itself out of its hole ( that i will remind you it put itself in ) . 
  so debt relief is necessary , but i wholeheartedly do not see why greeks should still retire before germans , despite sinking their country . 
  if the greek government had not cheated and lied to both its own people and the european union , germany 's economy would not be shackled to greece . 
  germany does benefit from being tied to weak economies , but greece would not be in the situation it is today , if it was not able to use germany 's credit rating . 
  [ a good video explanation i found that i quite enjoyed . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4_tyel84iq ) . 
  i would thus disagree with mr. piketty on it being the same , even if i agree with his final conclusions . 
  greece would be better off with debt relief , but at what cost to other european nations ? 
  there is also the precedent it sets . 
  if germany desired to , why could we not take out huge loans and let every german over 40 retire . 
  we definitely could , but then demanding that the rest of europe bail us out without any changes to our lifestyle ? 
  that would be reckless ignorance . 
  i do on some level understand the feeling of the greeks . 
  they are suffering because germany will not forgive all their debt without reforms and those reforms hurt the greece economy . 
  but actions have consequences , if greeks want to get angry , i would suggest they get angry at past governments for getting their expectations up , greece has always been a poor country , and retiring before its richer european neighbors was temporarily gained quality of life on the backs of stronger economies . 
  the bills have finally caught up to greece , and while i agree they should get a bailout , i do not see why they should get generous terms , nor the same treatment as west germany in 1953 , which i would argue was different not only in an economic sense , but also in a geopolitical move . 
  austerity is terrible for greece , and it wo n't solve anything , but greeks have got to live within the government 's means . 
  if they are n't happy with that , blame their governments for cheating and lying . 
  do n't blame those who are trying to give a just solution . 
  reforms + debt reduction is the answer . 
  the answer is not relieve all the debt and let greeks retire early . 
  greece has made fantastic progress towards the required reforms in these last months and they deserve the bailout plan coming soon . 
  the imf has said they are ready to help greece once their debt becomes sustainable . 
  you have to attack this debt from both sides , both reducing its size , and increasing ones ability to pay , and that means more money in taxes , less spent in public services , and less spent on the military . 
  austerity will ruin the greek economy , as it has ruined the economies of several other countries , but sometimes it is necessary . 
  not to help the nations doing it , it never helps them , but to make the creditors more amenable to give more money into what can feel like an endless pit of debt . 
  i mean , racism is a blanket term , and seeing as races are n't actually a defined thing ( ie there is no clear boundary between the races , is someone with black skin but white features white or black etc. 
  there is also the common english vernacular : the xxx race ( the german race , the english race , etc. 
  ) , so i do believe it is a justified . 
  since sociologists tend to agree that that `` race '' is a social construct , and the term ethnicism is not a recognized term , that racism is indeed the best possible choice . 
  i could have gone with bigotry , which is fair , but i suggest that getting pedantic with my english ( which is more than at a professional level i believe , and have certificates that prove this ) , you attack my points . 
  not to mention , i am not a liberal in the german sense , if you must know i tend to vote cdu . 
  i do not and have never endorsed the fdp ( our classical liberal party ) . 
  if you however mean in a standard american political spectrum , i would indeed fall closer to your left wing than to your right wing . 
  as i stated in my above posts edit , i did not see your flair , i write from my phone . 
  apologies . 
  i would intercede here and state that the leaders of france and germany together suggested that the rest of europe adopt % budge deficit limits , no one forced you , as your own government would say . 
  i am not well informed on spanish politics , so i wo n't comment on that . 
  i would however use the phrase : `` never assume malice when incompetence serves just as well '' to caution any condemnation of politics . 
  i have n't seen much in the way of germany acting in contempt of other member nations , though that could just be my sources being mostly in german and english ( my spanish no esta muy bueno , lo siento . 
  that said , constitutions are very important , and are only changed with massive political support . 
  i do not know the intricacies of the spanish political system , however i know that in germany , changing the constitution is rather difficult . 
  not only is 2/3 majority required , but articles 1 and 20 of the german constitution may never be edited ( these are the ones that guarantee human rights and democracy ) . 
  so constitutions have a stronger foundation than you may believe , at least in germany they do . 
  i ca n't speak for alsatians , as i am not one ; however , i would cite the sources that led me to believe this ( granted my field of expertise is world war 2 alsace and not much beyond , i can not speak for modern alsatians ) . 
  historically and as recently as world war 2 , alsatians felt neither french nor german . 
  that said , germanophile sentiment did heavily decline after the war . 
  let me just state my intention is not to dispute what you believe , i was merely trying to express my happiness at franco-german friendship , and using the conflict over alsace as a framing device for our progress , i 'm not here to argue with those who actually live there . 
  the rest of this post is just in case you were interested . 
  not trying to start anything . 
  call it the naturally bureaucratic mind of a german , but i felt the need to cite my sources . 
  sources : * bankwitz , philip c.f.alsatian autonomist leaders , 1919-1947 . 
  ( lawrence : regents press of kansas : 1978 ) , * bera , matt . 
  raising the white flag : conflict and collaboration in alsace . 
  ( york university ccges : toronto 2008 ) . 
  * fischer , christopher . 
  alsace to the alsatians ? 
  : visions and divisions of alsatian regionalism 1870 - 1939 . 
  ( berghahn books : new york 2010 ) . 
  * kettenacker , lothar . 
  ( alphabets : nancy 1970 ) . 
  i have more sources , but i shall not overload this post . 
  i 'm not here to debate , just in case you were interested in this notion of alsace 's special relationship with germany , i highly recommend the field , as it is one of my favorites . 
  ( sorry for the delay , thunderstorms are wrecking havoc on my internet connection . ), 
  edit : alphabetized my sources . 
  attempting to get reddit formatting to obey me . 
  on the first point , well yes . 
  ordnung muss sein , order leads to stability , which is great for everyone . 
  well , china , russia , and turkey are all signators of the 1951 refugee convention , so they would be obligated by international law to take refugees . 
  on the 3rd point well , based on [ this data , there are more than just that number of germans capable of having kids ] ( http://www.bpb.de/wissen/x39rh6,0,0,bev%f6lkerung_nach_altersgruppen_und_geschlecht.html ) , even if you were to divide that number by 81 % ( giving a statistically average amount of ethnic germans per group , and then even fudged the numbers a bit , you would still get over 20,000,000 germans who can or will have kids . 
  besides , no country is ethnically pure , the word itself is an oxymoron , we all stem from the same groups eons ago . 
  germany itself has been populated by romans , slavs , germanic peoples , and what have you not . 
  there is no particular ethnic identity , neither for the germans nor the dutch . 
  for no one in fact . 
  on the 4th point , last i checked the dutch government willingly accepted these refugees at a joint european effort to diffuse the refugees . 
  last i checked the netherlands is not a sinking ship filled to the brim with muslims . 
  it also is neat to notice that language wise , dutch actually branched off from its west germanic neighbors ( german and english ) in the early middle ages , so where you draw the line between ethnic groups is actually entirely arbitrary . 
  5th point , i suggest you actually talk to these people then , germany isnt in flames , im living a fine life here , and im not brown nor muslim . 
  while i agree our handling isnt perfect , and while i agree germany could perhaps be a little less antipatriotism , germany is far from trying to off itself . 
  as you are dutch , perhaps you can understand some german sources . 
  i really would recommend watching the german tagesschau , it is on youtube , and i believe you could use some authentic german news . 
  we arent that different culture wise , come see germany and you will see we are doing fine and not evil monsters . 
  if you have complaints about european policy , remember that every member state has a veto , and that nothing gets done without france backing germany up . 
  the eu isnt a dictatorship ( though it does desperately need reforms , eu army no thank you ) , and portraying it all as a german ploy to conquer europe is ignorant at best and disingenuous at worst . 
  i would suggest trying to see different perspectives , i suggest foreign newspapers , i try and read foreign news as often as i can ( my french is a work in progress ) , and i do feel that understanding other perspectives helps us see that everyone else isnt out to get us . 
  you may disagree with german policy , as is your right ( and i also disagree with german policy at times ) , but to believe they are actively trying to destroy what you hold dear is simply not true , this notion would seem out of place even in 19th century europe . 
  if i were you , i would separate your disagreements with german foreign policy from broad sweeping remarks condemning the german people , if you would like to understand german foreign policy more , i would be happy to direct you to good sources . 
  the world is n't perfect , but it sure is n't as terrible as you perhaps think it to be . 
  it can not be said that we dont like stability , if it isnt the cdu or spd , its cdu-spd . 
  quite dull and predictable , but stable . 
  i would refer you to the comment i made regarding the legal differences between war reparations and general purpose loans . 
  i am stating they are different things . 
  one was money demanded after the fact , and one was money that was promised back from the very beginning , pretty big difference . 
  so ... you mean things like deutsche bank ?
