  which are publicly traded corporations not beholden to the central government ? 
  yes , this `` loan '' that i am convinced the nazis never planned to pay . 
  regardless , greece got their loan money back in the 1960 agreement between west germany and greece . 
  it is n't forgiving nazi debt , it is restructuring the world war one debt of west germany ... which was imposed as part of the treaty of versailles . 
  this money owed is not money that germany spent , rather it is money that the victors demand to make up for the loss of life . 
  whereas , the greek debt is money that greece did spend . 
  greece does deserve debt relief , but you can not compare war reparations and sovereign debt , they are legally separate and logically are not comparable . 
  i am not talking about morality , just pure legality . 
  war reparations are not the same thing as a loan . 
  the german loan during world war 2 was repayed in the 1960 agreement between greece and west germany , so that debt is irrelevant . 
  i am not talking about whether the relief of west german world war one reparations were just or not , i am saying you can not say that because germany got relief on war reparations , that greece deserves debt relief . 
  imho greece deserves a bailout , only because it is not sustainable to keep sucking money out of them . 
  i 'm not saying the nazis deserve debt forgiveness and greece does n't . 
  i am saying they are separate and non-comparable . 
  so ... ignoring the obvious racism towards german there . 
  we let these people in here as regulation stipulated . 
  everyone , from japanese to nigeriens to brazilians , all have the right to be in germany while we process their asylum . 
  if they are rejected , they leave , however if we can not prove their identity or their home countries are on our list of non-safe countries , they are allowed to stay until the conflict ends . 
  we did n't import anyone , we did what was our duty per treaty and per compassion for fellow man . 
  we are n't importing people from the middle east because we want them here , we are bringing them in to save their lives and because it is their right to seek refuge here . 
  if i had to leave a war-torn germany , i would expect to be allowed to plead my case in any country in the world . 
  would native russians be right in asking that all germans seeking refuge there should be kicked out before their asylum processes are processed ? 
  the 20,000,000 is bogus math , there are people of all ages in germany . 
  ignoring the fact that 81,0 % of germans are ethnically german , a population decline from approximately 66,000,000 to 20,000,000 within say 20/25 years would be plague level epidemics . 
  losing 2/3s of your population in 20 years ( when the boomers are expected to be dead ) is insane and not supported by facts . 
  if you doubt my facts . 
  here is my sources : http://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/publikationen/migrationsberichte/migrationsbericht-2012.pdf if you can read german it should back up my claims . 
  so in all , i found your post to be misinformed and racist . 
  i assume you germans are n't out to hurt your country , and i find your attitude towards us quite ignorant and distasteful , i suggest you visit germany and actually speak to some germans , we do n't secretly stroke our maps of the 3rd reich muttering `` soon '' . 
  i do hope you come to realize that wishing the partition and death of an entire group of people is pretty messed up , have a good evening . 
  i did some research here , and i could n't find any sources that said it was the doing of germany or the imf or the ecb . 
  all i see in the news is that tsipras wanted it . 
  if you have some sources that say germany forced these changes on greece i 'd be happy to amend my statements , but as i have researched , it is only economic reforms that were forced on greece . 
  not to mention these economic reforms were necessary to bring the imf into greek debt relief . 
  sources : https://www.ft.com/content/f9388190-1b71-11e7-bcac-6d03d067f81f?mhq5j=e3 i think you may be misinformed about that . 
  germany , as i have found by research , did not force constitutional change on greece . 
  not to mention it makes logically no sense . 
  is it in your constitution that you can not pay debts ? 
  edit : i just checked your flair , i was speaking about greece not spain , i 'm going to leave the above post to my mistake . 
  however on the topic of spain . 
  indeed your constitution was changed to limit budget deficits , however seeing as it has n't gone into effect yet at all , not to mention you do n't actually have a definite cap . 
  the german deficit cap that we have on our budget is actually lower ( 0,35 % compared to 0,4 % as stipulated by another law . ), 
  also fun fact , this law is necessary to keep spanish debt within european guidelines . 
  so i would argue that these laws are not germany forcing spain to change their constitution , but rather spain changing its constitution to abide by its agreed laws . 
  not to mention the budget deficit cap can be surpassed in times of crisis , economic recession by a vote in the spanish parliament , not to mention your government states that it is not acting under pressure from germany and france . 
  i would suggest checking your sources . 
  sources : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/spain-amends-constitution-to-limit-debt-2344296.html https://www.theguardian.com/business/2011/aug/26/spain-constitutional-cap-deficit, 
  id rather they stay where they are , but if they come here , the worst we can do is not integrate them . 
  there are really only two options , if we assume we can not send them all back right now . 
  either we ignore them and they grow resentful or we work with them and try and integrate them . 
  we have to do something , we can not just do nothing . 
  we have to accept that these people are here , how we deal with it is up to us . 
  once syria is safe we can start taking them back , but right now , we need to make them feel welcome . 
  therein lies the biggest issue with the eu , it either gets nothing done , or it isnt fair . 
  its hard to pull off , but it has done lots of good . 
  dirty peasant , there is only w\u00f6rk . 
  anything else would displease mutti :p . im not catholic , but im damn glad bw has catholics . 
  i had all last week off uni , and thursday friday this week . 
  im not sure why , but i will take it . 
  only issue is i need to hoard food before holidays . 
  yes , that is what the eu has become , but realistically , isnt that all it could ever have been ? 
  why should luxembourg be equal to france in say ? 
  france is far larger , the eu could never be perfectly equal , the best it could have been is equitable, 
  its a vicious cycle , something has to give . 
  i think that is the issue with a single market , you cant bind completely different economies together without one suffering . 
  heck , within germany we have states that suck up money ( cough cough , filthy east germany ) and states that make money ( glorious bavaria and bw ) , but because we all identify as germans it isnt a huge deal . 
  it is different when people speak a different language and have a different culture , you dont sympathize for them ( tribal politics at its finest ) . 
  thats unfortunate , would you say that the lying and promising things you cant keep are a legacy of the instability of old greek politics ? 
  that is indeed true !, 
  though i will say we did not spend more money than we had . 
  which is why greece is in the situation it is now . 
  it isnt entirely their fault , but there we are then . 
  in the german mind , you cant spend what you cant afford . 
  morally no , but legally speaking one is unintended debt and the other is intended debt . 
  legally its the difference between unexpected costs ( ie losing the war ) and expected costs . 
  do you really think germany would have payed greece the money back ? 
  one of them is reparations imposed on germany , the other is money that greece borrowed with the promise of paying it back . 
  see the difference ? 
  one is money you were never promised to get back and one is reparations imposed on germany . 
  no one forced greece to spend itself into debt , whereas germany was forced to pay that money . 
  i agree that greek debt is unfair , but to frame it like germany got debt relief and greece is in the same situation is disingenuous . 
  i dont remember greek troops marching in germany . 
  so was greece though , everyone benefited from america being nice . 
  granted germany probably benefited more , but saying germany should pay for greece due to history is kinda a weak argument . 
  economically we definitely should , but saying but you guys got aid in the past doesnt really help . 
  not to mention marshall plan was not in the same context as the current greek bailouts . 
  :( it 's ok , have [ the greatest gif on the internet ] ( http://i.imgur.com/knmuyxb.gifv ), 
  i 'm so sorry , why are you not dead ? 
  i need copious cool drinks to survive . 
  give me back the snow , i feel safer there . 
  part of the reason some countries are stable democracies is because they believe their constitutions to be unchangeable . 
  yes the german constitution can be amended , but it is damn hard and that is good . 
  i will also say that not every discussion about germany needs to allude to the second world war . 
  it is a dark period in our history , and not every single discussion needs to talk about it . 
  we forbid capital punishment because we believe it is wrong , what happened 70 years ago does n't matter here . 
  a constitution is only as strong as people 's belief in a democracy . 
  we as a country have decided these laws are unchangeable , and no amount of military power on the part of the military would change that belief . 
  the foundation of a democracy is only as strong as the beliefs of the people . 
  that is why some countries constantly fail at being democracies ( cough middle east cough ) because they lack the mindset . 
  using the example of world war two , shows a country under foreign occupation , not under sovereign rule .
