  seems they might work alright for a bike . 
  i 'll say i used them around my shift pod last year and they were perfect for lighting the outside up at night and marking the stake lines . 
  just brushed off the solar panel each day and went about my business . 
  spent some years in the ic both in and out of uniform . 
  what clinton has done is inexcusable and yes , everyone familiar with this world damns her for it . 
  now to see if the law applies to her and she is held accountable like the rest of us would have been . 
  i attended as a dod employee and besides a little ribbing , it was a non-issue . 
  i did however have a yes-man underling dickwad give me a urinalysis the day i landed back at work . 
  i wanted so bad to flick the freshly dipped test in his face and see if a drop or two would n't come loose . 
  i did n't partake in extracurriculars because i knew a test would probably follow and would prefer to avoid the worry . 
  i 'll get back to you once my next periodic review finishes . 
  i have no reason to think it would , but who knows if it might reflect on my clearance . 
  posting pics of travels through nepal right now . 
  lots more from europe and se asia to follow . 
  american , burner , hopeful londoner by this autumn . 
  matches my experience , minus what sounds like a happy ending of sorts !, 
  i 'm always interested in meeting others who have spanned the divide in cultures that is the military/dod and the burn . 
  it 's a journey to be sure . 
  i can see the fights between joes and sailors on river st. already . 
  still , could be cool !, 
  listening to this now . 
  thing is , i doubt anyone who would suggest the charge here would bother with it . 
  i 'd like to distill a concise response from it , which so far is simply stressing that `` i am looking at the issues , here is what matters to me , this is why i stand where i do and you do not get to dismiss my views with slander because they do n't agree with yours . '', 
  to add , this is coming from a former partner/lawyer/lib dem member in the uk . 
  considering her parties platforms , i have no idea how she could support clinton , and yet she makes every effort to shout sanders down . 
  and the move to debate trump is a smart political move , a power play sure . 
  but that is exactly what competing politicians do , make moves and plays against one another . 
  it has nothing to do with gender or disrespect . 
  that seems like pretty standard material . 
  i worry about your buddy now . 
  are we eskimo brothers ? 
  i have no idea what 's going on here , but i want in . 
  gods work etc. 
  the city of ani in armenia . 
  incredible ruins and a place i had never heard of until rather recently . 
  into cold things at burning man . 
  into backpacking . 
  this is a good idea . 
  i 've got ta ask , i see you guys take off from baf every day , even saw ejection during that accident a little while back . 
  it 's pretty boring from the ground , but the mountains must look incredible once you gain altitude . 
  have you got any pictures of the country from the air ? 
  how has no one mentioned the one on the balcony on the east side of abercorne st just south of bull ? 
  been there for years . 
  can you provide a source for this ? 
  i think it 's outrageous and would like to cite it in future arguments if it holds up . 
  45 to 5000 dollars it says ... i hope anyone in states where events have been , will be held who have seen pricing for events like this , i 'd love to see the story . 
  45 to 5000 dollars it says ... i hope anyone in states where events have been , will be held who have seen pricing for events like this , i 'd love to see the story . 
  how did you do this ? 
  i 'd love to create the same record . 
  as an american sitting on the tube staring at this . 
  i ca n't help but feel my accent has absolutely no such effect . 
  someone told me years ago americans sound like they are all talking into a can . 
  that 's stuck in my head ever since . 
  nah , i 'm happy with my voice , but i have picked up phrases like ` what are you on about ? ', 
  the british usage of holiday and the desire to call people twats or bellends among other things . 
  i do n't know who i am anymore . 
  the video itself is wonderful , a full set and interviews in between . 
  he talks about lurking reddit around the 24:55 mark . 
  [ link ] ( https://youtu.be/qhu0xiglx5s?t=24m57s ), 
  they pretty much attribute getting a positive response on their first single , hello my old heart , with deciding to push on and record a full album . 
  seems this community is owed a thanks . 
  this made me terribly sad . 
  this sits among several major good-news stories on renewables and clean energy . 
  it 's encouraging to see a positive change occurring . 
  now if we could get these stories to spread and encourage further work . 
  this sits among several major good-news stories on renewables and clean energy . 
  it 's encouraging to see a positive change occurring . 
  now if we could get these stories to spread and encourage further work . 
  i noticed it right away too . 
  cool how some places have such character . 
  i feel bad for everyone living in any town suburbia back home . 
  i would love this . 
  saving to check back later . 
  as someone who has been looking for a camp . 
  i love the sound of this . 
  matches my experience in the uae though i 've only flown trough qatar . 
  they present themselves as so forward in this materialistic orgy of wealth and luxury but in reality they are absolutely backwards and medieval in social and religious practices as well as their basic respect for humanity . 
  and these are our ` allies ' and ` partners ' on the region . 
  a million shades of brown and gray dominate the days . 
  what part of the world are you posting from ? 
  sure , for centuries as one caliph or another waged wars of conquest into india , millions of slaves were brought back into the caliphate across these same mountains . 
  it 's staggering how many there are , valley after valley , and how harsh they can be . 
  countless slaves died . 
  the name means ` hindu killer ' in persian . 
  what 's the deal there ? 
  that 's a sort of purgatory too !, 
  afghanistan used to be a center of zoroastrianism and buddhism with cities like balkh being major centers of culture . 
  islamic conquests changed all that . 
  this is absolutely fascinating . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  it makes me wish so badly i could explore this city . 
  all for it . 
  first stop , that multi spired thing with the birds flying around it to the left . 
  i 've shrugged off the idea of making a swamp cooler since i 'll be flying into the area , but man each time i see one i want to join the club . 
  i 'll just be sweating in my shiftpod telling myself i 'm being minimalist . 
  i should be in the bay area helping before the burn and hopefully early entry , if i have the time for a trip to the hardware store , i 've got to do it . 
  there is a deep strain of ` tacticool ' culture in the us that glorifies militarism and preparedness at the expense of the civility once expected from a police force . 
  it 's how they see themselves . 
  the warrior cop dominates where once the citizen serving and protecting was the norm . 
  this benefits countless arms and equipment manufacturers , the legal system as a whole and links with all kinds of federal and state money/programs that seek to outfit patrol officers as if they were patrolling the streets of iraq .
