  - confidence/self worth, 
  - kindness, 
  - empathy, 
  - a drive/purpose, 
  - creativity, 
  - devotion, 
  - they have to give a damn about the world , themselves , what they do , etc, 
  - willingness to partake in and dream up fun/adventure/etc, 
  one thing that is hard to quantify but something i 've got to have now , is someone who appreciates the little things in life and is willing to reach for more . 
  all things in balance and moderation i suppose - even ass . 
  we are the sum of all our experiences , not our things . 
  chase experiences and memories my man . 
  that or a motorcycle . 
  by god get yourself a motorcycle . 
  name ? 
  this tugs on my heart strings . 
  i miss london . 
  bummer, 
  fast fashion right there, 
  can we just delete number six and agree to never speak such things on this page again ? 
  are you not the infamous thrice or however many times banned corrupt_savannah of a year or two ago ? 
  while i believe that what people choose to do with or within their own homes is entirely their own business , as someone who lives downtown and has watched the rise in vacation rentals dry soak up so much of the housing that we locals might otherwise make homes in ... we need to do something . 
  this city is becoming an increasingly difficult place to live in , while short term profits from hotels and vacation rentals are placed above maintaining a real community . 
  a makerspace/cheap industrial space that could be rented out as studios . 
  a proper lounge , like what you seen on girabaldi 's ground floor but with drinks and live music/jazz/blues . 
  temperance was hoping to deliver that years ago and alleycat has filled a bit of the void . 
  a proper speakeasy , what mata-hari 's wants to be , but quieter , with more space to sink into , drink and chat . 
  steakbird in sf - that concept , here . 
  a proper british pub , we 've got nothing like it . 
  no , churchhills does n't come close . 
  affordable housing downtown, 
   steakbird, 
  state bird - i 'm dumb . 
  i do n't even mean pub fare necessarily , i mean the function and vibe of an actual british pub . 
  walk up to the bar , order a pint , go sit down with your friends in any number of mini living rooms scattered about . 
  it takes the function of a coffee shop as a hangout/work space , a bar , a restaurant all in one . 
  temperance was the taco abajo crowd , not sure how it fell through exactly , as they were pretty far along inside . 
  i just got back to savannah after a couple of years away , could you point me towards these maker spaces ? 
  right , and i think savannah has been more than accommodating . 
  we 're certainly building enough hotels at the moment , but what do you see in the way of new housing stock ? 
  how about anything but the erosion of housing for anyone but the wealthy dow town ? 
  are we just to accept the disneyfication of this city because it comes with dollar signs ? 
  this city should be able to do so much more with the port and infrastructure available , it 's a shame we lean so heavily on low wage and service industry jobs . 
   turkey and pakistan are american allies . 
  let 's just sit with that statement for a moment . 
  an increasingly radical autocrat on one hand and a near dysfunctional nuclear armed state harboring armed anti-american elements out the wazoo . 
  and on the other side we have ksa , as if that was much better . 
  and who knows how much of that aid has gone to isi and then on to taliban/haqqani/tpp elements . 
  turkey is a nato member sure , but does that excuse their slide into totalitarianism and their inflammatory rhetoric or policies ? 
  i do n't think it should . 
  if you want to attack a typo with that sort of vigor , you aught to avoid confusing afghan and afghani . 
  one is a people , the other is a currency . 
  no one said pakistani lives are worthless . 
   taliban that operates only and strictly in afghanistan . 
  this is an astoundingly delusional statement . 
  taliban fighters have wintered in pakistan since 2002 and leadership has resided nearly full time within pakistan ; and not just the fata . 
  no , the fata have not been cleared . 
  if you want to name a recent operation or two , be sure to consider the many that came before it . 
  hqn is anything but a myth , jalaluddin haqqani and his son sirajuddin haqqani are as real as it gets ; their network was arguably more effective than the taliban in many areas , and it 's only their effective merger with the taliban that keeps their name out of the press in recent years . 
  geopolitics aside , your statements reek of pakistani bias , misinformation and propaganda . 
  to shrug off the funding of a terrorist group which has killed afghans , pakistanis and isaf personnel alike and to pull in india as a regional bogeyman ... ridiculous . 
  i left a six figure salary behind to go to school and pursue a new direction twice now . 
  the first time , i fell on my face . 
  the second , now , i 'm still feeling the pressure financially but i know i 'm on the path i aught to be on . 
  that said , every part of me that is practical says i should have stayed in my previous field . 
  the freedom to dream and consider an alternative course only comes because you are n't worried about how you 're going to pay your rent next month . 
  if you really do have the savings you need , fantastic , go on , and in your field i see no reason why you could n't do remote or freelance work even as you move in a new direction . 
  you 're young enough now that you have time to succeed and fail several times over and yet here you are doing better than most and consciously considering your options that might make you , and others , happier . 
  that 's awesome . 
  hey mods - stickied is nice , but sidebar would probably be better . 
  a `` tourism - visitors '' column could save us quite a bit . 
  i walked through the rubble of a hard hit portion of kathmandu in the aftermath of the nepal earthquakes to meet a gal . 
  i had to go through parts of town that were completely wrecked , without power and had feral dogs roaming around and behaving pretty aggressive . 
  it was worth it , if only i had n't had to deal with the awkwardness from having not returned to home of the nepali family i was staying with . 
  having used the app on travels , in europe and back in the us , it astounds me how differently different regions use it . 
  it seems pretty straightforward as a hook up app with * maybe * the potential for more in most places , but where i live now , it 's a dating app and any rush to meet/do something are seen as uncouth 60 % of the time . 
  i 'm well aware actually , so do me a favor and tuck that snide language elsewhere . 
  the port has not been leveraged to its fullest potential as anything other than a waystation for goods . 
  savannah still leans heavily on low wage , service industry or trucking or warehousing jobs and for our clout , we aught to have a broader range of professional class opportunities . 
  you know , i hate to say it , like charleston . 
   it 's because our workforce is literally shit . 
  well that 's just hugely disparaging to many that call this city home . 
  how many veterans choose to remain here after leaving the army ? 
  how many scad grads with degrees in architecture , industrial design , graphic design , advertising , film or any other number of high tech , high demand , creative jobs will depart to larger coastal cities that have soaked up this talent for decades ? 
  how many people visit here from elsewhere and have chosen to make this city home ? 
  i swear over half of my interactions and contacts are with transplants that have chosen to make savannah home . 
  are we just attracting shit people then ? 
  not in my experience . 
  there is immense potential for industry that would benefit by the access to our existing and expanding infrastructure as well as the work force produced by scad , asu and veterans . 
  but what has the city done to bring in new ventures besides hotels , chain trolley companies and mall developers that are happy to buy up our main street ? 
  the beauty that attracts so many tourists could just as easily be used as a long term draw for businesses that might set up shop here . 
  we have a world class canvas to work and play on courtesy of our forebears , that could be leveraged for the long term health of the community . 
  not sold off to the ever present passerby . 
  we could do so much more , and so much better for the citizens that our representatives are supposed to , well , represent . 
  ** your comment betrays an underlying ideology that ultimately supports not us , the residents , the community , the city , but rather capital in whatever way it might come . 
  if it comes easy and comes in a way that disadvantages locals , then too bad . 
  i wo n't accept that . 
  edit : to add , i am one of those veterans who found an in demand profession after i left the service . 
  i am here instead of dc or tampa or elsewhere because i love this place , even though that means , for the moment , accepting that there is no work in my field here and taking an effective step back . 
   do you really think that those people you just described are anywhere near the majority of people who make up our workforce ?
