  they even shot the nuns you know . 
  remember the woman who beheaded a child in moscow ? 
  the massive suicide bomb south of baghdad a few days ago ? 
  do any of these register to the world as a whole ? 
  funny i had n't heard about the boys being beheaded for missing friday prayers or even the dozens of car bombs you 'll see on this list . 
  they are n't worth the coverage i suppose , or maybe the reality is one that ca n't be twisted to fit any expedient narrative and make it forgivable . 
  it 's a grim reality far too easy to turn away from because it 's far away . 
   obviously not, 
  then why distract from the issue ? 
   more the result of historical and socioeconomic factors, 
  this is one of the first , and not without merit , arguments made by apologists but one that ultimately misses the mark . 
  yes , emphatically yes , the problem is exacerbated by economic , educational or political/safety troubles . 
  ultimately , they are fuel to a fire that was already burning though . 
  i have listened to egyptians , syrians , saudis , chechens , iraqis , libyans , tunisians and others from all backgrounds , most with a basic education , many with higher level qualifications , some who even studied in the west or who came from extravagantly wealthy families . 
  men who presented an incredible diversity but all were united by the concept of jihad . 
  all united by their literal interpretation of the quran and the desire to follow its instructions to be a better muslim . 
  if you have a chance ever , take a look at the videos released by suicide bombers and listen to what they say . 
  they are not fools , not poor victims of circumstance . 
  they are very clear in their intent and motivation and they take it beyond just words . 
  it 's one thing to watch an explosion in the distance on youtube , it 's another thing to see the man who drove the car into the market before he did so , to listen to him tell his life story and explain why he was to commit the terrible act he soon would . 
  you seek to explain away the truth they themselves will first admit . 
  yes , there have been criminal elements abusing this ideology within extremist groups . 
  yes , there have been cases of forced bombings and coercion to a sickening degree . 
  yes , there is debate within extremist circles and within islam itself about various practices or courses of action . 
  still , the recipe for violence within islam remains throughout . 
  let me say , separate from the last comment , that i get animated in this type of discussion way too easily . 
  as a progressive , i get a little irate and can be sharp when i have to defend climate science from a denier . 
  it 's insane to me , that despite all evidence , constant , measurable reality ; people still choose to deny the truth . 
  * and it puts us all in danger . 
  that is how i feel when i have a discussion about islam . 
  it 's an incredibly complex topic but one loaded with political nonsense which distracts from any real handling of the problem . 
  i 'm tired of hearing about this attack or that , sick of it , i want to be away from it and work in a world where i do n't need to care about it . 
  but what good does that do ? 
  so we have to talk , hard truths need to be spoken and maybe , just maybe the dialogue can move somewhere productive . 
  in the meantime , we risk the right being the only ones to say what most people know to be true . 
  and the pendulum swings ... it 's already happened/is happening in europe as far right parties gain votes by citizens frustrated with left leaning governments being unwilling to call a spade a spade . 
  it 's much more than anecdotal evidence , it 's trying to condense a decade worth of experience facing this issue into something digestible . 
  it 's the bottom line up front , the common thread as best as it can be found . 
  for all the variables , the common thread is a literal , fundamentalist interpretation of islam . 
  background , current politics , nationality , ethnicity , all fall by the wayside ultimately . 
  precisely why you have 20k plus eu passport holders fighting for extremist groups wherever the black flag flies . 
  it 's why you have isolated terrorist attacks by individual muslims who support the jihad or efforts to conduct coordinated attacks constantly brewing . 
  there are poor , underprivileged and unfortunate groups of all types out there , in all regions , yet only islamic fanatics seem to spill blood to the degree that this discussion is even worth having . 
  like i said , this is an uncomfortable truth for me , but it is the truth . 
   not to mention the fact that many of them in this region have seen family members killed by western military something that can only serve to exacerbate the issue . 
  completely true . 
  in iraq and to a lesser degree afghanistan , there were fighters who attacked troops because they were invaders in their home or had killed friends or family of theirs . 
  simple . 
  i completely understand and even remain sympathetic to that . 
  i would do the same to invaders of my home . 
  iraq was an unjust war . 
  we were deceived when we were led into it . 
  blood spilled because of that no doubt made many more enemies than it made friends and only added to the rhetoric that would turn millions to jihad . 
   it 's far too reductive to blame this solely or even mostly on the book itself . 
  should we blame the saudi and emirate dollars going to fund wahhabist imams around the world ? 
  from where do they get their ideas ? 
  their justifications ? 
  from the quran . 
  period . 
  the root , is , islam . 
   can you blame them for trying to keep their heads down rather than losing them ? 
  you 're right . 
  but this is why the stories of bangladeshi bloggers being hacked to death in broad daylight for speaking against islam matter . 
  this is why the fact that the ksa will put someone to death for apostasy in accordance with shariah law matters . 
  this is why the social pressure to be a good muslim stymies honest debate and change within the muslim community . 
  ultimately , you can not argue with what is in the quran . 
  ultimately , you can not argue with shariah . 
  for all the different directions this conversation could go , history , culture , current events , politics , and so on , i stress that the teachings of islam are the common thread . 
  do you really disagree ? 
  what good does your argument bring us ? 
  i recognize that this is a mess , an inconvenient truth , but it is the world we live in . 
  we must face it . 
  the vast majority of muslims will never harm another human being , that is correct . 
  however , the majority of muslims are supportive of values and ideology that is completely counter to the values a modern , progressive , secular democracy should possess . 
  pick the topic , education , women 's rights , science , the rule of law , freedom of speech , freedom of worship , freedom of the press , so on and so forth . 
  you are defending a religion which harbors a backwards ideology incompatible with modern values . 
  one which legitimately does threaten our way of life/seek to end our lives . 
  i will speak out as loudly as i can about a religion , an ideology that threatens us , but you have heard me say nothing of people . 
  muslims are present the world over in thousands of ethnic groups . 
  i harbor no ill will and will never disparage someone for their birth . 
  ** but an idea deserves no such protection ** , especially when it threatens others . 
   that 's probably something that is going to have to happen from within islam itself/championing those voices in order to engender a culture in islam that deplores acts of violence, 
  all of this we agree on . 
  it sounds like we agree that there is a problem within islam . 
  i 'm not sure why you would imply that i was a bigot or even bother arguing with the rest . 
  dialogue , knowledge is the solution within the muslim community . 
  but the rest of the world needs to hold that community accountable for the violence constantly emanating from it . 
  how ? 
  i ca n't claim to know the answer . 
  i 'm content to start with dialogue , knowledge , and bluntly calling the source of the violence what it is to go with the other two . 
   islamic leaders who are pacifistic, 
  you know how easy it is for other islamist leaders to then call that one a blasphemer ? 
  ever watched tv in that part of the world ? 
  picked up a newspaper in a place like , say , the open , progressive by regional standards , uae ? 
  it is normal to disparage jews , it is normal to discuss jihad or the expansion of islam , the eventual dominance of islam . 
  it 's handy though that so few westerners will ever watch or understand arabic . 
  i think you 're too defensive at this point for the conversation to be very productive , but think on the attacks that have already occurred ; boston , london , ft. 
  hood , times square , san bernadino , belsan ... on and on we could go ... think of the attackers and what motivated them . 
  think of how diverse their backgrounds were . 
  now , the next time bloodshed by an islamic fundamentalist makes western news , ( and you know it will happen ) pay attention to the attackers and the motivations .
