  i do n't know what dead kid is associated with the event , but i do know an overgrown and trash strewn lot was turned into an interesting , interactive and expressive place for a day . 
  people came together and had a good time , locals , families , young , old , all ages . 
  this is a smaller city , and lineups will reflect that , i think having aj ghent play was reason enough to go . 
  to dismiss something like this wholesale is to dismiss the potential of your city and to contribute nothing to its growth . 
  how do you keep them frozen in the meantime ? 
  you 're speaking to a guy whose ice usually melts by day three . 
  nice try , you 're not getting my spots . 
  and nothing of value was lost, 
  camped with brcu last year and there is just so much good to say . 
  brcu has it 's shit together . 
  organized shifts , meal plans , events and one of the most soothing/intimidating/sultry voices you 've ever heard on a megaphone there to keep it moving smoothly . 
  just imagine waking up with that voice wishing you a good morning and letting you know there were pancakes waiting ... bacon ... yummy bacon ... and dinner my god the meal plan is wonderful . 
  they are n't kidding when they say thanksgiving dinner is a thing . 
  the people are incredible , diverse , international , interesting , kind , hard working and there is no shortage of mischief and camaraderie to go around . 
  i was away from camp more than i expected i would be , but i came home to food , mystery batch drinks , a full on canadian coup , sex toys on the trampoline and other good things each time . 
  it deserves a second emphasis , they have their shit together . 
  and that , that is so wonderful a thing to find at camp . 
  second emphasis again on the people , they have made a family and it shows . 
  edit : king canada/other northerners , if you 're on here , feel free to just take over the whole week this year . 
  it 's been a rough year for us in the states . 
  edit : fuck what you know, 
  i 've lived downtown for many of those marches , it 's increased notably . 
  so it goes, 
  all my best friends were those exact people - all gone now :(, 
  what 's worse is that those cell phones now have reception out there ... 
  i want to agree , objectively , but then i recall being flown around the city with a friend at 9am by a man wearing golden boy shorts and nothing else . 
  he and a whole pack of other pilots were gifting dozens that morning an amazing view and an incredible memory . 
  from start to finish it felt right at home . 
  now those day trippers on the other hand ... 
  it 's easy to say that until you see the morning rollout of a dozen plus brand new police pickups roll onto the playa with their lights on . 
  ever stumble into a row of them at night ? 
  or see a group hovering by the port-os well into burn night . 
  it snaps you right out of the moment quicker than a lot of things will . 
  this is disgusting . 
  i feel like these people should be named , shunned and shamed . 
  the age of anonymity and filter bubbles only let 's this sort of ignorance fester . 
  lies , ass chat is superior . 
  it seems like most cities in america are simply getting by on the planning done prior to the postwar period . 
  look at nearly any major metro and you have a functioning , walkable center surrounded by sprawl and broad brush zoning . 
  we 'll be paying for that for decades to come . 
  i have the urge to get myself together independently of someone else . 
  i feel like i should n't be with someone unless i 've got myself squared away . 
  objectively , i know that we 're all just faking it and that idea of being perfectly set will never arrive . 
  more carnally , i have a really hard time fighting the urge to chase other women . 
  i love the chase and the experience of being with someone new . 
  this feels like an unhealthy craving more than anything else though . 
  i 'm with someone who matches most of that list of `` my perfect woman '' and yet , i do n't find myself intoxicated by her as i have a few other gals in my past . 
  it 's frustrating , she makes objective sense but does n't inspire that devotion within me . 
  very well said . 
  i feel like political expression this year , therefore , is guaranteed to pollute the feeling of unity we come to expect at burning man '', 
  especially this . 
  i wonder has there been any sort of official response from the org regarding this sort of expression ? 
  i remember the blm displays in the temple last year created some conversation . 
  edit : there was an official response of a sort !, 
  how do you mean ? 
  this does n't sound fun . 
  i like the idea of the theme so long as it is n't some jingoistic dance around the flag . 
  a reflection , tongue in cheek or otherwise on consumerism , patriotism , power and spirit all have potential . 
  how do you think it turned out ? 
  i appreciate the term `` shitgibbon '' far more than i want to . 
  those who will receive the art on playa are a different sort of audience though . 
  considering the divisiveness of politics and the spirit of inclusivity we are supposed to foster on playa , the two are somewhat exclusive no ? 
   it 's lame , juvenile , low-effort , boring , redundant , preaching to the choir , and a waste of valuable resources in a world that 's supposed to be separate from default world . 
  that was a grand slam . 
  what am i doing quoting one bit ? 
  the whole post was a home run . 
  i think this comes the closest to my own sentiment and i like the way you suggested a constructive alternative to the pitfall here . 
  sand the edges off this post and get it posted on burn.life would ya ? 
  camp hell-n-back has done installations symbolizing veteran suicide and one that encouraged the passerby to reflect on who they know in the service to show that we are n't all so far removed from the military . 
  as a veteran of the iraq and afghan wars , i was glad to see both . 
  even so , the latter project seemed more at home on playa . 
  i 'd be lying if i did n't say that some part of me wants to reflect on the wars through an installation on playa . 
  i have n't the slightest idea of what i would do and even if i did , i 'm not sure i would actually want it there . 
  it circles back to the question posed in this thread . 
  i havent gotten to that part yet - only heard the first half on the commute this morning . 
  now i 'm worried . 
  there 's a hardees of 95 near richmond hill . 
  great grub while you wait . 
  in one morning i see that trump is gutting the epas capacity to verify emissions and now that amtrak is about to be crippled even worse than it already is ... 
  fuck this is overwhelming . 
  if rail was given a fraction of the state and federal dollars given to highways , we might actually have a modern rail network like , you know , every other developed nation on earth . 
  for decades we as consumers and the lawmakers we have elected have chosen to build an auto-centric society . 
  it 's unsustainable in the long run and we are already paying the price for our shortsightedness . 
  is n't is suspected that the airplanes struck a rebel weapons cache with chemical weapons inside ? 
  rather than chemical weapons being deployed by assad ? 
  why would assad risk so much ? 
  i was one of those 20 something year old soldiers and besides the fact that my humvee was dropped out of planes repeatedly , those things were meticulously cared for so long as they were in an active unit . 
  most of our trucks stateside had super low miles and were serviced weekly . 
  then again , i do n't know about licensing requirements . 
  sounds silly that it would be so difficult to make on of those road legal . 
  i was thinking about how wide the base was , the amount of torque and load bearing capacity of the whole chassis . 
  they are incredibly easy to operate and forgiving at that . 
  death guild uses one i 'm certain . 
  anyone else ? 
  seems like the learned consensus is to avoid them . 
  a bummer , but ca n't argue with it !, 
  this was taken today, 
  i 'm more suspicious of woof gang bakery ... idk how they can sustain four or so locations in the historic district without being into something illegal . 
  there is no way that many tourists are buying that much fancy dog stuff to pay those rents . 
  it 's mine !,
