  you are remarkably intelligent - and you did n't get it from nancy ( my mother ) or the sinclair side , i think you know that - and you have not yet taken the time to fully develop the gift that you have . 
  intellect needs sharpening and needs the challenge of difficult questions - it needs debate , it needs multi-source information , and it needs practical experience and first-hand observation . 
  it needs academic application which is normally obtained via undergraduate and graduate study . 
  i pray you do not squander what you have . 
  i chose your first name for the strength represented by the biblical character joshua ( and will bet you have not read that single book of scripture with an open mind and heart ) . 
  you are going through a personal search for the light of truth and i hope you will do so without being so condescending and personally insulting to others who have already found faith . 
  light does not hide in the darkness . 
  so you struggle to reconcile intellect ( which we know you have ) with faith ( wherein grasshopper , methinks you are somewhat lacking ) . 
  so what is faith ? 
  the bible ( and i prefer king james version ) is the source of faith and many christians fail to read , know and study it . 
  shamefully , in that way some who call themselves christian are no more so than the many muslims who can not read their book - but at least have the excuse of illiteracy to hide behind . 
  i think hebrews 11.1 says that - now faith is the substance of things hoped for , the evidence of things not seen . 
  it is a simple recognition that there are some things we will never understand this side of life and death . 
  what is intellect ? 
  i know the world has an answer and you may know it - but scripture tells us the fear of the lord is the beginning of wisdom ( proverbs ) . 
  i am not advocating that anyone believe because of fearmongering . 
  please do n't take people 's comments out of context . 
  let 's shift gears - and you really need to pay attention to what i am about to say since you seem to lean towards science . 
  when you go to college you will learn something called `` the scientific method '' which is supposed to be used for any scientific query . 
  it consists simply of three required steps -, 
  to be scientific - it must be observable , it must be reproducible , and it must be disproveable . 
  fascinating - apply that standard to any scientific dating of the earth or the origin of mankind or the age of the planet - and i challenge you or them to remain true to these basic scientific priniciples . 
  in direct answer to one of your questions - yes , i went through a period of deep intensive soul-searching and i questioned christianity ( judaism , islam , hindu , and even the tibetan book of the dead ) . 
  my major in college was philosophy and religion ; before leaving in order to join the army . 
  let me cite from a famous poet , your mother loved his book the prophet , - `` faith is a knowledge within the heart , beyond the reach of proof . '', 
  or , `` faith is an oasis in the heart which will never be reached by the caravan of thinking . '', 
  and , `` doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother . '', 
  like you - i also looked at what organized religion was or had become and i too found it repulsive and in direct conflict with what i understood of scripture . 
  join the crowd . 
  but if you read carefully , jesus spoke often of the need to regularly gather ourselves together with other like minded believers , and he spoke of the local church . 
  some church doctrine is like a glass window , we can see the truth - yet even so , we are separated from it . 
  some say that they can have church alone - and are closer to god while doing ( insert your favorite past-time ) , yet they forget he gave us a book . 
  it took over 1,500 years , over 40 authors , and two different languages to make up the bible . 
  you and i live in a world where we are constantly bombared with lies and half-truths designed - no , coldly calculated - to distract us from what is truly important . 
  you have to figure this out . 
  what did i do - i searched until i was satisfied that i had found enough answers and then i began to guard myself from much of the b/s that you remain exposed to . 
  you will need to do the same - search , i mean . 
  and remember - it has always been the folly of youth to belittle the wisdom of older folks who have lived and experienced far more . 
  do n't be that guy - you are better than that . 
  as homework , prove to me that the earth is older than 6,000 or 8,000 years . 
  i mean , really , prove it . 
  use whatever tools you want - cite anyreferences or other scientists , or whatever you wish - and i will continue to circle back to the simple challenge - prove it . 
  and you wo n't be able to . 
  which means - you are going to put your faith in something - and i just hope it is the right thing . 
  remember where i am and what i do - it 's busy , the keyboard sticks , and yet i wanted to make time for you . 
  love - dad, 
  ** part four **, 
  from : josh derp &lt;joshderp@derpmail.com&gt;, 
  subject : re : faith and intellect, 
  to : `` daddy derp '' &lt;daddyderp@derphoo.com&gt;, 
  date : monday , june 13 , 2011 , 11:45 am, 
  `` priests ... dread the advance of science as witches do the approach of daylight and scowl on the fatal harbinger announcing the subversions of the duperies on which they live . '', 
  - thomas jefferson , letter to correa de serra , april 11 , 1820, 
  dad , i will try to respond to points in your letter as they come , but first i would like to say this forthright . 
  there is no need to slight mom or her family . 
  she has nothing to do with this , and as you probably like it , you may never see her again . 
  you would do her and i both a kindness to keep things cordial at least in the way we discuss her . 
  i do n't mean to be condescending or insulting when discussing this , but it 's hard not to come off as offensive when challenging someone 's belief . 
  our culture has unjustly raised religious conviction to a pedestal largely free from critique . 
  the overconfidence and superiority people have in their beliefs without being able to make a half hearted argument to justify themselves is pretty frustrating . 
  i do like the hebrews verse you posted , it echoes the shortcomings in the very concept of faith and i have an issue with faith as an end all argument . 
  i am familiar with the scientific method . 
  as it applies to carbon dating , a quick search showed many a website claiming its inaccuracy . 
  funny , but every one of those websites was religiously motivated , angelfire , answers in genesis , condenterministries , etc. 
  the response on other forums when these people posted outside of their christian forums was great . 
  now , i am not an expert on carbon dating and i will leap to say you are not either . 
  however there is a body of professionals whose goal is not to push any agenda ( as the above sources are ) , whose goal is not to deceive or seek personal gain , but rather to further our knowledge and understanding of our world . 
  those people have advanced the carbon dating process to do just that . 
  you challenged me to prove the earth is more than 6k years old ... . 
  well dad , i was n't there 14 billion years ago when the universe began expanding . 
  however it is currently observable and measurable that the universe is expanding and evolving as we speak . 
  as the universe has observable origins so too does our planet . 
  whether it be the constantly shifting continents , the evolution and extinction of species , or changes in climate . 
  again i am no expert on this , but i can pull from the collective knowledge and conclusions of men and institutions far better read than both of us will ever be . 
  the consensus throughout the scientific community and indeed many other disciplines is that the earth was formed 4.5 billion years ago . 
  while the scientific community agrees generally on the earth 's origins , there is no consensus among christian groups who have vastly different ways of rationalizing their beliefs . 
  first of all , that thought process is flawed . 
  that is trying to shape the world around you to fit a belief as opposed to, 
  observing and learning from what is there . 
  by the way ... . if god created light on the first day ... how did he create stars ... the source of light ... . on the third ? 
  nevermind the bible says these stars were put in place merely for us to tell the seasons . 
  how special are we , the universe really does revolve around us !, 
  the gained knowledge of our world hardly matches up to this account . 
  until men discovered answers that contradicted this , those words were gospel , literally , now , they are what ? 
  mere allusions and metaphors to be explained away loosely by christians ? 
  how much have christians conceded to obvious fact and the evolution of society already ? 
  they ca n't fight fact forever , and more and more people are seeing through the farce . 
  there has yet to be any scientific justification of religious teachings , if there were , the news would be trumpeted throughout the world . 
  i find my mind rambling in a million different directions on this topic ; again it would be better to talk in person , which would shape the response better . 
  i ask you , why does the burden of proof fall on those that do not believe ? 
  perhaps you 've already heard the famous teapot argument . 
  i could tell you there is a teapot orbiting jupiter and that it somehow is the wellspring of all life and worthy of worship . 
  now , prove me wrong . 
  you ca n't . 
  short of sending millions of space probes to orbit the planet and map every spec of debris over millions of square miles , you could never prove to me my teapot does n't exist . 
  in our justice system , who would win this case i wonder ? 
  the prosecution claiming there is a god and all men are guilty of sin and must repent or burn in hell ? 
  or the defense which states quite plainly that there is no god . 
  as evidence the defense could produce some of the greatest minds mankind has produced . 
  they could display fantastic collections of knowledge and experience all denouncing a higher power through observable , measurable , reproducible fact .
