  as the title says , i had planned to travel to nepal months ago to complete the annapurna circuit . 
  if i can , i 'd like to be of some help for the time i am in kathmandu . 
  right now the best course seems to be to go on the abc trek - help in the smaller villages that are n't as likely to see outside assistance if i can and then once that is completed join efforts for whatever remaining time i have in kathmandu . 
  my background is in military/government and i am currently working in afghanistan . 
  i have plenty of planning and leadership experience as well as basic medical training . 
  in the end i am another able body . 
  i do not wish to be a burden or in the way as i have seen that mentioned in other threads . 
  i considered cancelling the trip , but this is a long term dream and something i am not sure i 'll have another chance to do soon . 
  the mountains i sought are still there and unlike before , i might have a chance to help in some small way when it is sorely needed - if only by putting a few dollars in local pockets . 
  any wisdom or advice you all have i will intently listen to . 
  anyone currently in country who could use a hand , please feel free to pm me . 
  as the title says . 
  it had nothing to do with her appearance or technique so far as i could tell , there was just a raw chemistry that i have never seen before . 
  it maybe happened one in three times we had sex and each time it surprised me but it was absolutely incredible . 
  we loved each other and she would have rolling orgasms with me , something she said was new to her . 
  i have had a high-average number of partners ( i imagine ) and have had what i would think of as better physical lovers , but my body has never had a reaction to someone like it did to her . 
  have any other men experienced something like this with a partner ? 
  is it something that can be replicated or learned ? 
  so i 've got a 2010 iron 883 that i absolutely love . 
  my first bike and one i would happily keep if it were n't for the fact that it was hit about half a year ago . 
  i deployed to afghanistan right after and have n't been able to fix it yet . 
  as i think of coming home the idea of taking advantage of the military sales program here sounds better and better . 
  so , i 'm looking for a new bike and am torn between the ones i mentioned in the title . 
  i 'm curious if any of you have moved to a larger bike than the iron or could share your experiences in comparing them . 
  i am happy with the iron and might just get a new one , but i wonder if i 'm not missing out on a chance for something better . 
  thanks !, 
  ** what a response guys !, 
  thanks so much for the valuable input . 
  i 'm reading every comment and thinking hard about this choice . 
  i 'm still torn , but you guys have given me a lot to mull over . 
  casually browsing and reading about the dissolution of the abbeys following england 's split with the catholic church . 
  can anyone shed light on the sentiment of the time , specifically on how these grand structures were reduced to the ruins they remain today . 
  thank you . 
  as the title says , any hashers here also burners ? 
  i know they are out there but want to get up with fellow halfminds as soon as i can . 
  if you are , know anything about trail ? 
  is there an h3 camp of any sort ? 
  on out !, 
  i have fourteen-ish days free in the middle of september and i 'd like to make the trip if possible . 
  specifics are tough to find on travel times between punta arenas , puerto natales and el chalten which leave me uncertain about how much time would be needed . 
  i do not want to rush the trip , nor do i want a delay derailing a too-tight schedule , still , i want to do all i can with the time i have . 
  i 'd appreciate any wisdom you guys could offer !, 
  ** relevant ? 
  ** fairly experienced in trekking , will not be rushing myself on the trail . 
  heading to burning man in just a few weeks and due to working in asia i 've got to find all i 'll be wearing there online . 
  [ these ] ( https://www.store.demobaza.com/jacket-avatar-m2 ) items i absolutely love ( most from the men 's section besides pants ) but they are a bit out of my price range . 
  does anyone know more about this style or where i could find better deals ? 
  thanks !, 
  ** it 's just my personal opinion ** , but the ruins seemed underwhelming and conveyed loss of what was great more than anything else . 
  with the bricks eroding and constant measures needed to prevent further deterioration , what is to keep a restoration or reconstruction from occurring ? 
  assuming it could be done correctly , a treasure could be reborn . 
  so i 'm working overseas and flying into reno for burning man . 
  as soon as i land i need to send some certified mail , fedex , usps , whatever . 
  do you all know if there is a post office somewhere in the airport ? 
  a search of the rno website brought nothing . 
  i 'm heading straight from the airport to the desert taking the shuttles that run so i wo n't have a chance to leave the area . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm posting on behalf of myself and 24 other personnel on ground who were just affected by this change . 
  our company just removed compensation for travel days to and from leave , meaning the days we arrive and depart from country . 
  this is a departure from company practice and industry standard . 
  i can still be killed en route to the airport or from it . 
  in fact , people have been just this year . 
  per our contract we are to be compensated for days on ` active ' assignment whether the customer requires our services or not . 
  it seems the company has found a gray area where a bit more profit might be extracted . 
  as i understand it , this was a policy change in violation of the contract we all signed , executed without any negotiation . 
  this was the last straw for many . 
  since beginning this contract we have slowly had benefits eroded . 
  this leads into a broader case ... 
  the company was awarded this contract after submitting a bid to the us government citing the expenses required to deliver the required service . 
  the military then awards the contract and funds requested . 
  so when the contract was initially awarded we were offered a certain compensation , healthcare benefits , etc. 
  healthcare was stripped and our pay was reduced in a new contract the company drafted some six months ago . 
  the government is still being billed for the expenses tallied during the initial contract , though the company is not spending nearly that much anymore . 
  what was already a notable profit for them is now flat out obscene . 
  what 's more , it 's coming from the gutted salaries and benefits of us employees . 
  this sounds like fraud to me . 
  since this is a dos contract , might we have grounds for a freedom of information act request to obtain the particulars of the companies bid and financials ? 
  i realize this is a jumbled mess but there are so many directions to approach this from . 
  many are close to flat out slamming the company for shady/illegal practices which would have it blacklisted from the country . 
  we would prefer to keep our jobs in the meantime so those items must be withheld if at all possible . 
  our contract is up for renewal next month . 
  at the least we want to negotiate from a stronger , informed position and regain some of what we have lost . 
  we are seeking an employment lawyer in the dc metro area ( company is based in fairfax ) but would like to get a better idea of our options first . 
  if you made it this far , thank you . 
  i hope you guys have some wisdom for us . 
  / u/bakerbakerman 's blog [ link ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/savannah/comments/3h3cuk/my_new_favorite_southern_blog/ ) made me think of some of savannah 's more colorful characters . 
  who has made an impression on you ? 
  who do you tell visitors about ? 
  who are you happy to see ? 
  who ca n't you stand ? 
  who do you wish you knew more about ? 
  i know there is a dark side to this equation and i 'm not trying to romanticize the poverty to be found in savannah , still , i 'd like to hear from others . 
  who am i kidding , burning man sucks , do n't go . 
  discussion after discussion pops up , memes in support of or against gun control and for two straight days it feels like it 's been constant back and forth on the issue . 
  a few people have let themselves learn while others just repeat the same tired arguments . 
  overall , i 'm really surprised at the lack of support for stronger legislation , it seems to be a no brainer when faced with the facts . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  anyone else fighting this fight ? 
  what have i missed ? 
  what 's new ?
