  after extensive bombardment and before the castle could be assaulted , zrinski and some 600 survivors swung open the gates , fired a massive mortar loaded with shrapnel at the attackers , killing some 600 . 
  following the shot the hungarians charged into the fray . 
  zirinski , swinging his father 's sword , shouted `` let us go out from this burning place into the open and stand up to our enemies . 
  who dies -- he will be with god . 
  who dies not -- his name will be honored . 
  i will go first , and what i do , you do . 
  and god is my witness -- i will never leave you , my brothers and knights '' . 
  zrinski was shot twice in the chest before being killed by an arrow to the head during the charge , which , however brave , could not hope to turn the ottoman host away . 
  however , before this final stand , zrinski ordered a delayed fuse to be set in the castles powder magazine . 
  after breaking the hungarian assault the ottoman army entered the remains of szigetv\u00e1r and fell into his trap . 
  the ottoman grand vizier ibrahim 's life was saved by one of zrinski 's household who warned him of the trap when the vizier and his troops searched for treasure and interrogated the survivors . 
  while inquiring about treasure the prisoner replied that it had been long expended , but that 3,000 lbs of powder were under their feet to which a slow fuse had been attached . 
  the vizier and his mounted officers had just enough time to escape but 3,000 turks perished in the explosion . 
  the siege cost enough lives , time and resources to effectively end the ottoman drive west . 
  it 's a story i had never heard until reading about the 1683 siege of vienna in which this battle was described in the prelude . 
  the book [ the enemy at the gate ] ( http://www.amazon.co.uk/the-enemy-gate-habsburgs-ottomans/dp/1844137414 ) by andrew wheatcraft offers an incredible and thorough exploration of the conflict between the ottoman and hapsburg empires , between islam and christendom and east and west . 
  it remains a painfully relevant history . 
  cheeky bastards ... 
  and we americans have been smugly singing about the battle of new orleans ever since . 
  this is next level in comparison . 
  i 've got a pc and a mac running spotify alternatively . 
  the mac works fine , my pc can not seem to get around this issue though . 
  i 've tried clearing the cache , re-installing , so on and so forth . 
  might wind up abandoning the premium service until they fix this . 
  all caps , spelling errors , source is facebook ... yep , this is about what i would expect from a trump supporter . 
  i was just there a couple of weeks ago , vang vieng holds the distinction of being the * only * place i 've ever traveled to and immediately wished to leave . 
  i found it dirty , cheap , cliche , hollow and completely absent the charm found elsewhere in northern thailand and laos . 
  even the locals seem disinterested and jaded to an unmatched degree . 
  now that i 've gone , i wish i had stayed a day to go outside of the town , there are plenty of companies offering atv/bike adventures . 
  i did make the most of my night there and went out and about , sakura bar and the irish place across the street were interesting enough , but really , you can drink anywhere and i would have rather been anywhere else i visited in the region . 
  it was pictures like this that led me there , just wanted to warn others about what lay beyond it . 
  sav h3 here . 
  on on !, 
  progressive/liberal here : islam, 
  i have spent over a decade working in the middle east in efforts meant to curb/combat extremism and i have come to the immutable conclusion that , for all the excuses that others will make for them , a fundamental interpretation of the quran and the hadiths will lead muslims to support violence against non-believers and the brutal application of shariah law . 
  the history of islam says enough . 
  islam has been a threat to the non-muslim world since its establishment as a power , leading to centuries of conquests and oppression through the middle east , persia , eastern europe , north africa , spain and all the way into india . 
  it was only the surge of western technology and economic dominance that allowed the threat to subside for some time . 
  people forget , just in 1683 , the ottoman empire was besieging vienna , set to conquer a cultural and political center just as they had conquered constantinople before . 
  even today , most of the world 's current flashpoints lie where muslim and non-muslim communities converge . 
  never mind terrorism . 
  that does not mean all muslims are terrorists , nothing of the sort . 
  but passive support or complicity with violent extremists is widespread and i believe wholeheartedly that as long as the religion remains as it is , those who interpret it fundamentally will be driven to violence in the name of allah . 
  this is a very uncomfortable truth to me , it does n't fit with what i would like to believe about diversity and inclusion , but i see the threat for what it is . 
  i have lived it , been immersed in it , spoken at length with men who had killed or wished to kill in the name of jihad . 
  the fact that we , the west , continue to ignore this core truth threatens us all . 
  this is where i sigh heavily at the weight of this problem and the near certainty that no progress will be made and blood will continue to spill . 
  liberal here . 
  an ex of mine graduated from scad studying fibers ; it was incredible what she could create . 
  i 've viewed materials and the working process behind them completely different ever since . 
  still love her . 
  you ca n't beat quirky , creative , intelligent and independent types . 
  also : looms are dope . 
  it always is . 
  between that and ctrh3 's campout/cheap mexican , i do n't know if it can get any wilder in the hash community . 
  i 've heard that savannah is the `` nakedest '' hash on the east coast at least . 
  the whole area is wonderful for laying trail , the city beautiful and perfect for pub crawls , drinking practice and socials . 
  great community there . 
  i work abroad now , most recently hashed with one of the chiang mai groups , they were nearly all retired expats , such a different community . 
  you 're right , there is a divide and a definite sub-culture here , but the public is very aware of it . 
  and i know you might be prior service , or might have activated at some point , but man , there is a gap just as big between the active and reserve components . 
  there is something you just ca n't get unless you 've worn the uniform every day , lived that life day in and day out for years . 
  i ca n't imagine playing soldier for a weekend with people i barely know then going back to civilian life . 
  it just is n't the same . 
  i still get chills when the music climaxes as he reaches the nebula . 
  i still tear up a bit at other parts . 
  few films have a physical effect of any sort , yet alone repeatedly . 
  an incredible film . 
  such a unique concept executed so well . 
  i was lucky enough to have a local theatre run it last year , it was even better on the big screen . 
  this one had me feeling feels too . 
  the love story between nemo and his sister in law , the parallels between each life/choice so cleverly linked , it was beautiful and haunting . 
  the four feathers, 
  beautifully shot , incredible soundtrack , incredible cast including heath ledger , kate hudson and djimon hounsou . 
  `` the story , set in 1875 , follows a british officer ( heath ledger ) who resigns his post when he learns of his regiment 's plan to ship out to the sudan for the conflict with the mahdi . 
  his friends and fianc\u00e9e send him four white feathers which symbolize cowardice . 
  to redeem his honor he disguises himself as an arab and secretly saves the lives of those who branded him a coward . '', 
  it 's a fascinating portrait of the time , the region and the intersection of friendship , love , fear , honor , duty , compassion and so on . 
  agreed , to a degree ... 
  christianity had its centuries of bloodletting and fortunately , it has largely ended . 
  christendom had protestant and catholic ; islam has sunni and shia . 
  the difference though , and this is coming from someone raised protestant but happily atheist now , and that is that europe was in a relative age of ignorance for the centuries so much violence was launched in the name of christianity . 
  local power brokers , religious authorities and so on twisted the religion to their purposes . 
  with greater knowledge of what was in the bible , if anything , i think christianity becomes more docile . 
  islam on the other hand , strict adherence to religious texts will lead to intolerance , oppression and violence . 
  islam is more than a suggested spiritual path , more than what most in the west associate with religion . 
  it is a set of definitive instructions , rules and laws for life here on earth . 
  it is immutable to a devout muslim . 
  really not sure what your angle is here . 
  i 'm an atheist/agnostic who has a good deal of life experience with both religions and a decent amount of study of both books . 
  i 'm not out to defend either in any way , but they are fundamentally different in their delivery of a message that is itself infinitely varied in its nuances . 
  in my view , one is a greater threat than the other , period . 
  but feel free to send me a pm next time a christian straps a bomb to their chest to kill civilians or commits an ` honor killing ' or calls for the death of an entire state/people/etc . 
  the better question is ` why ', 
  the better question is ` why ', 
  good , top of your head , nice . 
  are you suggesting the levels of violence committed by other groups is near as high as islams ? 
  i will not for a second defend christian nutters , but they are not the global threat that radical , fundamentalist , militant islam is . 
  edit : [ here ] ( http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/attacks/attacks.aspx?yr=last30 ) is a list of attacks by islamic fundamentalists committed in the past thirty days . 
  had you heard of the [ catholic retirement home assaulted ] ( http://abcnews.go.com / international/wirestory/gunmen-kill -16 - including-nuns-yemen-retirement-home-37391931 ) by fundamentalists in yemen ?
