  the jinx , hangfire and ampersand are always putting on shows and no night of the week seems off limits . 
  try them !, 
  the folks at stagefront productions have one too . 
  might have been them . 
  with all the coverage the nc shooting received i wonder if someone create a hashtag for these victims ? 
  for the next batch of blood that will no doubt be spilled by fundamentalist muslims in the next weeks ... discussed on here and ultimately explained away ... 
  can we get u/shittywatercolor on this ? 
  thanks bot !, 
  i 'm all over that thread , i am more curious about how peoples experiences compared in these different places . 
  did i just find an arab meme ? 
  gay bar then ranger bar now scad bar ... always liked the place, 
  as the world tries to understand isis a great number of voices are quick to offer opinions sharply divorced from reality , that isis is a product of failed foreign policy , of international wronging , failures of education , economy , so on and so forth . 
  while those and other issues should be accounted for , at the heart of the movement is a long standing ideology in the supremacy of islam and the desire to return to a caliphate . 
  they are clear about their goals and justifications but we continue to make excuses for them . 
  this article approaches the matter in the right way , putting their actions into the context of their stated beliefs . 
  the de-ba ` athification of iraq certainly led to many of the problems seen * within * iraq in the following years but i do n't think it can be attributed to the rise of isis . 
  iraqis were far more secular at the time and the temporary bond between aqi and the sunni tribes was tested and broken by aqi 's strict ideology and brutal application of sharia law . 
  zarqawi alienated his base of support which led to the anbar awakening . 
  malaki 's subsequent abuses and the continued alienation of the sunni minority after the us departure made the ground fertile again for extremist elements to take hold . 
  which they did . 
  i remember many former ba'athists fighting under jrtn ( jaysh rijal al-tariqa al-naqshbandia ) and though they would often work with elements of aqi , they did so out of necessity all the while scoffing at the backwards behavior of the islamists . 
  i wonder where those fighters stand now that isis has come into power . 
  it seems iraq has become radicalized in a way never possible under saddam . 
  in the end though , the theology that drives isis would have existed nonetheless , the time is more ripe due to recent events , but the problem would have festered within the muslim world no matter what the west had done . 
  well said . 
  my issue is not that we are blindly expecting them to follow a prescribed playbook , but that so many talking heads actively seek to distance isis from islam and the very core of their ideology . 
  it 's willful ignorance with a sprinkling of feel-good political correctness on top . 
  but when you have a perfect and living word of god to back up your actions ... what do you care if it goes against current norms ? 
  but when you have a perfect and living word of god to back up your actions ... what do you care if it goes against current norms ? 
  so there are disagreements in interpretation of theology within islam ? 
  no big surprise there , seems that has been a steady theme in most of the worlds religions . 
  however , there exists within islam a recipe for violence unlike any other . 
  these prominent scholars can argue all they want , they may we well be a selection of protestant ministers arguing that the catholic church is invalid ... it wo n't be heeded by the catholics will it ? 
  it seems within the muslim world that there exists an elite class of theologians who may well discuss and define what should be the norms within islam , but what does it matter if the ummah is n't listening ? 
  in the end one side of the debate is spilling blood left and right and would be all to glad to hold a knife to my neck . 
  i 'm not sure those prominent scholars opinions matter that much at that point . 
  do a quick mental exercise and try to recall which terror attacks stand out in your mind ... no doubt 9-11 ... but what about beslan ? 
  what about the massacre at luxor ? 
  paris ? 
  london ? 
  madrid ? 
  what about the violence in the philippines , indonesia , chechnya , nigeria and yemen ? 
  foreign policy can not be blamed for all these cases but what is central to each and every one is islam . 
  a fundamentalist interpretation of islam . 
  / u/shakeybobwillis already hit it :  isis the group as an entity is n't a result of failed policy , but their current widespread existence and power in its current state is a direct result of failed policy . 
  i do n't disagree that we have blundered time and time again in the region , however , i do n't believe that is the root of the current problem . 
  fundamentalism would exist regardless of our actions and has reared its head globally wherever islam has a footprint . 
  there is a recipe for violence within islam unlike any other religion and to recognize that all you need to do is look at the theological core of any number of extremist groups . 
  at best your sentiment holds weight in iraq , but the global jihad and the appeal fundamentalist islam has to muslims born and raised in the west ... of western descent ... that ca n't be excused away . 
  while your tldr is not wrong , i think you 're fundamentally off in your understanding of sunni and shia islam . 
  for starters they are not exclusively arab or persian . 
  it 's much more complex than that . 
  according to islamic theology , abrogation means those versus are supplanted by greater truths revealed later . 
  whatever comes later is best . 
  the quran takes a darker turn later on just as muhammad himself took on the role of ruler and warlord instead of struggling local prophet . 
  so what you 're saying is that those who truly seek to follow islam ... are radical ? 
  even so ... if only a small percentage of 1.6 billion adherents are fundamentalists/radicalized ... you have a very big problem . 
  as we have . 
  of that number how many are actively willing to kill for what they believe ? 
  of that number how many are willing to actively support those who wish to fight ? 
  of that number how many will passively support those who wish to fight ? 
  this is why we are n't safe in our own homes . 
  i 'm not sure how this can be fixed but we need to start by recognizing why these people do what they do . 
  in the meantime ... the ten thousand muslims that protested free speech in london a couple weeks ago ... how about they come out again and show disgust against the constant bloodshed perpetrated by their fellow muslims . 
  they do n't though , and shame on them for it . 
  agreed . 
  it was enraging watching malaki ruin what could have become a more stable iraq . 
  then thank you for what you 've done . 
  the defeat of this ideology can not be attained through any number of bombs or boots on the ground ... it has to be an internal change/revolution in the muslim world . 
  the recognition that the religion has to evolve/mature beyond it 's current state . 
  i do n't know that that will happen . 
  i have had level conversations with moderate , educated muslims of both western and eastern backgrounds and i have found that under a veil of rationality , they fundamentally wo n't disagree with the ends isis is seeking . 
  that is a problem . 
  what 's more is that during these conversations they will speak to me as if i was n't one threatened by these implications . 
  an odd disconnect . 
  disagrees with the method ... but desires the re-establishment of the caliph and recognizes the separation and perpetual conflict between the dar al islam and the dar al harb . 
  the discussion on what constitutes jihad is so easily muddled but again , it 's tough to argue with the way fighting for allah is glorified within the quran ... the denials that jihad is typically a violent enterprise just further exacerbate the problem . 
  what do you think about all this . 
  as a muslim , the way ahead ? 
  your personal thoughts and so on . 
  edit : i have met muslims who disagree to be fair ... however i would n't call any of them devout . 
  relevant in their own context , but in viewing the quran as a whole and debating contradictions within it , the later verse is the one which holds firm . 
  muhammad was very tolerant of jews and `` people of the book '' during his time in mecca ... compare that to the famous verse of the sword ( indeed the entire 110th sura ) or calls for a jizya or any other number of later examples where he called for violence against non-believers . 
  i think it 's supposed to be the cover of the atlantic 's next magazine . 
  i got a chuckle out of that too . 
   but you must stop when your attacker stop, 
  and with that any fundamentalist can immediately point to drone strikes , the war in afghanistan/iraq or even the presence of israel as justification for violence . 
  and they do . 
  as for the rest of your comment , i do n't mean to be dismissive but i disagree . 
  it 's up to muslims to show that the face of their religion is not one of mass murder of civilians , subjugation of women , honor killings , the destruction of history and culture and a rejection of close held western values like freedom of speech . 
  from the time i post this comment and you consider your reply ... what are the chances that there will be another attack in a western city ? 
  another videotaped murder ? 
  another suicide blast in one muslim city or another ? 
  again , the burden ** does not ** lie with the west to coddle muslim sensibilities in the face of such barbarism . 
   isis would not be what it is today without the second invasion of iraq . 
  if it were black and white i would agree . 
  the invasion of iraq , birth of aqi and malaki 's alienation of iraqi sunnis is what allowed isis to take hold in northern iraq ... but it does not explain muslims waving the black flag elsewhere in the muslim world . 
  isis is an evolution of aq theology , aq was striking at the west and apostates long before 2003 . 
   this can not be true because within the islamic community there is widespread condemnation against isis from some of the most important islamic leaders . 
  you can say that all you want but what do you actually see unfolding in front of you ?
