  the us has a huge problem rooted in culture and propped up by law . 
  i have no idea how we might fix it . 
  from the other replies too , i 'll be looking into dreddit tonight . 
  what have you been up to since getting back in ? 
  i had a good chunk of isk and several ships i did n't want to let go of . 
  i 'm spending my time re-learning the ropes and refitting them now before i join up with a corp. 
  i almost feel guilty adding to the burden now . 
  as someone eyeballing a similar project , thank you . 
  i never knew those rings represented kills . 
  i always assumed they had something to do with how far the barrel would recoil or some sort of id, 
  in most encounters , my goal is to get her off first , which i enjoy , and then just to enjoy the flow as it goes . 
  sometimes that means multiple , sometimes that means i 'm itching to finish as soon as she has . 
  but i do n't get the idea that sex should be rushed , it 's such a good time !, 
  that said , quickies have their special place in my heart all the same . 
  i just do n't understand how for some , a quicky is all there is . 
  i was stationed at bragg for several years and i can empathize . 
  for one , do n't give up on the surrounding areas , make friends in asheville or become a regular someplace . 
  there 's no way you 've seen all of the appalachians or the outer banks , use what you 've got and be thorough as you can . 
  that said , i spent every four day in nyc with a few exceptions ( 7-8hr drive ) . 
  i had a little family in brooklyn who i enjoyed time with while other joes were spending all their dollars on bud light or strippers . 
  later , i was stationed at ft. stewart and found home in savannah . 
  if you have n't been , go , 4hr drive tops . 
  same as from atl to the sav . 
  i love the coastal empire and despite all that i dislike about the south , it 's come out in the green overall . 
  mods : i checked the faq and the guide to self promotion , i 'm not selling anything but could n't be bothered with uploading hundreds of pics to an imgur gallery . 
  hope this is alright !, 
  from right after , i arrived shortly after the april 25 quake and had just begun the annapurna circuit when the second quake hit . 
  i wound up completing the trek to annapurna base camp instead . 
  i think i even posted here asking if it was still worth going . 
  nepal was incredible , it 's people even more so . 
  they need visitors to return though . 
  countless livelihoods were effected by the decline in tourism as a ripple effect from the quake . 
  3 killings ?? 
  that 's patently false . 
  what a beautiful painting, 
  one of the ` best attacks ' he says . 
  sounds like you enjoy this stuff agha . 
  if this happens , i could finally quit this job in afghanistan and come home . 
  i know nothing of this things but want to eat loaf hearts . 
  brands you recommend ? 
  i used to judge by thread count and wound up with super slick sheets that i just did n't feel as comfortable on as cheap cotton stuff . 
  can you point me in a better direction ? 
  let me double down on this wool socks business . 
  i bought a pair of darn tough hiking socks before a bit of trekking in nepal . 
  not only did they perform in flying colors the whole way , they changed my standards ... if only i could afford enough to wear daily or there was a dress equivalent . 
  this explains everything . 
  i thought higher count meant higher quality but after making the investment , was thoroughly disappointed . 
  great !, 
  thanks for the recommendation . 
   wet dolphin kind of nonsense, 
  nailed it, 
  i was expecting a good number of men on screen , some general action and excitement ... but i was n't expecting the feels this battle brought on . 
  the clench of desperation and the vividness of it all . 
  incredible job . 
  simply incredible . 
  this guy got worse and worse over the years ... 
  in high school he lied about meeting random girls on the weekend . 
  of course we never saw any of them . 
  fast forward a little over a year and he ( d ) along with myself and another friend ( g ) had all joined the army . 
  we came from an army town , fort bragg , and all three of us came back there . 
  d was in the national guard and g was training to become a green beret , an honor he later earned . 
  i come home after training which was a little over a year long for my job , and mutual friends ask me if i had seen him . 
  ` he just got back from afghanistan - he was deployed with 7th special forces group ' i hear . 
  i meet him and he does n't even try to hide it his lie . 
  says he went on with it to impress people . 
  a few months later , he asks if he can swing by my place and when he does , he shows up wearing the maroon beret of the airborne , jump wings and an 82nd airborne patch on his shoulder . 
  now , i was actually in the 82nd . 
  i knew this was fucked , yet he went on to tell me he was ` temporarily assigned to the 82nd while he went to physical therapy for a back injury he got in basic training . ', 
  so here he is , boldly lying to someone in the unit he 's trying to claim , who knows he has n't earned those wings and knows that is n't how medical appointments work . 
  i shrug it off and go another several months without seeing him . 
  next time g and i both hear from him . 
  he wants to meet up , saying he has big news . 
  we meet for drinks and he tells us he 's has a daughter . 
  he shows us a few pictures on myspace and saps on for a bit . 
  we ask about the mom , her last name , he does n't know it . 
  so he does n't know his daughters full name . 
  he was n't in the hospital either . 
  we find this girls page on myspace , it 's someone states away that he does n't even know . 
  once again , g and i roll out eyes and move on with our lives without the guy . 
  two years later and all three of us have iraq deployments under our belt . 
  g and i in northern iraq working within the sof community and d all the way south in basra . 
  basra at this point was very calm , up north the same could n't be said . 
  so imagine our surprise when d starts telling us about laying out on an observation post dueling with an enemy sniper . 
  we know he was a freaking mechanic working in some motor pool the whole time . 
  even so , he pushes all this bullshit about combat to one stone cold killer and one who spent his deployment working with them . 
  it was flat out disgusting and g was getting closer and closer to snapping on the guy . 
  we let him talk himself in circles though , he knew we were n't buying it and he knew he had offended , but he kept trying , kept digging . 
  that might have been 2009 . 
  we have n't talked to him since . 
  he 's probably at some vfw now spewing his nonsense . 
  this is what it looks like when a government is n't completely owned by corporations . 
  antitrust laws ? 
  i 've been on the private side of things for five years now and have never once heard terms like you just outlined . 
  it 's a compartmentalized but small world and this sounds like bull . 
  i try to remain cautiously optimistic when it comes to climate change . 
  i choose to hold out hope that we will recognize the threat and adjust course accordingly . 
  i feel that view is n't entirely honest with my perception though . 
  what developments , if any , make you optimistic ? 
  yeah , i recognize that oakland is the only realistic option there . 
  i do n't expect the market will cap any time soon either .
