  thanks for the perspective . 
  i visited years ago and really did appreciate the twin cities . 
  they had a light rail system i was surprised to see . 
  what keeps you in brooklyn then ? 
  i 'm weird in that i enjoy winters just the same . 
  one thing savannah lacked was four seasons , but half a year of spring was n't too bad either . 
  sounds a lot like the market in savannah . 
  very little wiggle room between options . 
  you have run down and affordable or renovated and super expensive with fewer and fewer options for anyone who wants a decent place to themselves and is n't loaded . 
  and thanks for all the talk on ann arbor , i know little of the area but will look into it now . 
  is n't charlotte pretty sprawled out ? 
  i 've heard nothing but good about richmond so far . 
  i kind of place richmond , asheville and savannah in the same bracket as medium sized cities with the character of a place much larger but a community bigger cities ca n't offer . 
  fantastic reply . 
  thanks for all the insight !, 
  i 've been looking for a chesterfield myself . 
  cost ? 
  brand ? 
  i 'm surprised no one has mentioned deathguild . 
  there is a huge and well known camp at burning man made up of these wasteland weekend types . 
  they set up the thunder dome , host fight nights and drive around in mad max style vehicles all week . 
  to find a friend camping with them last year i had a conversation with someone playing a guitar that shot fire on the hood of one of those cars . 
  so even wasteland weekend is something contained within burning man . 
  whatever you want and more than you can imagine is probably there . 
  if it is n't , you can make it . 
  tap out/affliction/shirts with ar15s on them . 
  almost always worn by massive douche rockets . 
  general disrespect for others , for their surroundings , for women . 
  basically bros. 
  an ex of mine dealt with anxiety surrounding most things , but she could get through it and manage . 
  her anxiety about us , however , stemming from her knowledge of a few exes of mine i could n't stand . 
  the irrationality of it and the slap in the face it felt like every time she doubted me . 
  i gave up on her and could n't regret it more . 
  i wish i had stuck with her and worked through it , i hope you can do the same . 
  afghanistan , from mid may till september . 
  i do n't recommend it . 
  i 've wanted to attend ww ever since i see them at the burn . 
  i took my gf to the thunder dome last year , something she did n't seem to have any interest in , but five minutes after climbing up to see she was wide eyes ` it 's so primal ' she said absolutely in awe . 
  it 's a different side of things , but i do n't think the burn would feel right without them . 
  no ooligan alley ? 
  that 's a bummer , i ca n't claim to know much of the music they play , but i absolutely loved their friday night set last year . 
  got in about 15 seconds . 
  wtf is this ? 
  do you always ride around talking smack and insulting people like that ? 
  so the democratic party is no longer the party for progressives . 
  it does not represent out views . 
  the thumbnail image ... wtf is that horror ? 
  glad for you !, 
  i know that feeling and it 's such a wonderful one . 
  drink it in !, 
  we 'll see you in the dust !, 
  1 ) did n't, 
  2 ) nope, 
  3 ) nope, 
  i could n't have been more impressed with the shiftpod honestly . 
  it anchored well , set up quick , was sturdy the whole week and tore down as quick as it went up . 
  no dust got in that we didnt bring in . 
  also , it 's surprisingly spacious . 
  mostly , i was up before it got too hot , but we did have a couple midday/afternoon naps with the flap open and a little battery powered fan on and felt just fine . 
  careful with the windows , we tried to lube the zipper to get dust out of it and made it worse somehow . 
  the zippers are really tight once it 's popped up . 
  they have ports for a swamp cooler or similar system . 
  we did n't feel like we needed it and i 'm coming back this year as is . 
  maybe i just like it rough . 
  all the more reason to find friends with cool places to hang out during the day or just ride really really fast on the bike !, 
  word . 
  headlamp attached to the handlebars , elwire business and then , the backup , a large led light that i attach to the bikes centerline and turn on if the rest runs low . 
  it lights up the ground directly below and all around the bike . 
  never needed to change batteries once all week . 
  off the cuff , here 's a few that might fit . 
  mother falcon, 
  family and friends, 
  esmz, 
  andrew bird, 
  they 're an amazing group out of athens , ga. . good vibes for days . 
  they toured with the oh hellos and it looked like magic . 
  this is some house of cards shit . 
  have cigarettes changed somehow ? 
  i had no idea and no desire to smoke , but that sounds like a trip . 
  savannah is all i 'm looking for but for the job market . 
  i need to further my education elsewhere then come back to that city with a whiter collar . 
  suburbia . 
  sprawl . 
  it 's not just unsustainable but horrifically wasteful of resources and time . 
  it can be associated with a social breakdown within families and rippling through our entire society . 
  crime , detachement , strained public services , inequality , income segregation , racial segregation ... 
  structures that are cheap , inefficient and built for a single use . 
  public spaces that are desolate or made up mostly of ribbons or fields of concrete with nature bandaids scattered about . 
  and this is to say nothing of the terrible aesthetic which is tough to quantify , but readily apparent when you compare the quality of streets/neighborhoods in european towns and cities and most american cities where growth has occurred since the end of ww2 . 
  beauty , or the lack of it , does something to our psyche and the value we assign to a place . 
  suburbia was marketed and sold to us , to generations of us in fact . 
  i feel it fails to serve us in any way but rather provided a physical foundation for the consumer economy we sustain now . 
  chain restaurants , chain department stores , chain auto shops , chain everything . 
  everytown usa , this exit and every exit after . 
  it benefits large corporations , starting back in the day with us oil and automotive giants and expanding now into every sector . 
  because this has been occurring for 70 plus years , most americans do n't know an alternative exists . 
  and yet it does , in places at home and all over the place abroad . 
  not every one of course , but there are some that just come together elegantly and hey , it 's that space that hints at the rest and is a key button for most women ... 
  i 've never said it out loud because it types as weird as i thought it would sound . 
  off topic , but can i get a quick reference guide of things that are ` ultra-awesome ? ',
