  but when 500 iraqis are killed one day in baghdad by a vbied detonated in a market ... then 200 the next day , 60 the day after with another 200 elsewhere ... that is where the numbers of dead piled up . 
  that was the insurgency , that was isi/aqi/jam and the same thugs that have just taken ninewa and salahuddin provinces . 
  i 've been feeling the exact same way after mosul . 
  this is just painful to see . 
  and here i remember seeing the iraqis take delivery of m1s , m117s and hmmvws and thinking ... `` well , they are starting to look the part '' . 
  so much for that . 
  i think the lwj disclaimer here says it properly . 
  `` warning : many of the images below are graphic and show the execution of iraqi soldiers . 
  ** the intent of publishing these photographs is to document the war crimes committed by the isis . 
  ** the images are a selection of more than 60 published by the isis ' salahaddin division . '', 
  human beings shoved into truck beds and led to a pit to be shot in cold blood . 
  the invasion was wrong , but it was not butchery like this . 
  monday night is open mic at abe 's on lincoln and tuesday is the same at molly mcpherson 's . 
  mixed bag of turn-outs , some think they are better than they are but by and large , there are some absolute gems of local talent . 
  the same could be said for so many hobbies/interests . 
  listening to hip hop does n't mean you have to dress and talk like you 're from the hood . 
  riding a harley does n't mean you have to grow a beard , grunt and wear leather so on and so forth . 
  people seek to define themselves with far too few shades . 
  not really , short of priming they are really easy to operate . 
  i came to savannah because of the army and fell in love with the city . 
  i never really acted like the `` joes '' you see downtown as i was past anything resembling the joe stage , but i did have to deal with people expecting a certain cockiness/bigotry/ignorance / right wing mentality from me just because i chose to serve . 
  i see the jackasses downtown who define themselves by the uniform and want everyone to know how cool they are because of it ... you see the same attitude in bros from any college and even the thugs blaring their music on broad at all hours . 
  i 've been out a couple years now but people still expect me to be different than i am because of my time in . 
  i wish there was middle road between blind soldier worship and outright disdain . 
  edit : 8 hours days would have been sweet !, 
  trying to organize something in savannah and you 've never even heard of forsyth ? 
  i love the idea ... but wow . 
  any clarity on how the forge will work ? 
  would users bring their own materials or do you plan to sell them on site ? 
  any chance of leather or metalworking ? 
  i dabble in a few of those digits but decided to post to let you know that the manager of local is a doucherocket . 
  you do n't want nunnathat . 
  oh fancy parkers ... i forget this is n't a part of every savannians life, 
  i had friends from out of town hype to go to crypt or 51 degrees ... i just had them pause outside and take in the line/crowd . 
  they agreed to go elsewhere . 
  mike p ? 
  this is josh ... i stole your pic bruh, 
  were you at spiecher or marez ? 
  i spent time at both . 
  this makes me want to post some of my old pics . 
  you can still get a feel for the former glory of the place inside . 
  the top floor was remodeled in the early 70s it seems and remains a glimpse into that special kind of tackiness as well . 
  this is frustrating ... isof with this little discipline . 
  thanks to the few of you that have upvoted this !, 
  i really need to find someone . 
  ca n't help but wonder how much time we have left . 
  honestly what would the objection be to having to-go cups down to victory perhaps . 
  was there ever a published objection to going beyond forsyth . 
  princessdickfart ... i ca n't forget that name and i think you 've posted something like this before . 
  just go out , be out . 
  i guess it 's a bit harder being under 21 but the coffee shops and green spaces give you plenty of chances to meet others . 
  serendipity will make it happen if you are open to it . 
  i would n't even call it that . 
  everything is dusty and looks to have been stocked a decade ago . 
  no idea how the place could be profitable . 
  they have a good selection of exactly nothing . 
  i know this is eleven days old , but i have to say thank you for reading his reply and responding in the way you did . 
  i am fairly progressive and my family is extremely conservative , but regardless of ideology , they are extremely close minded . 
  if only we all could disagree so amicably and hone our views together , we might actually move forward together . 
  you were submitted to r / defaultgems or r/bestof, 
  just crawl along congress . 
  try them all !, 
  just walk around , explore , stop for conversation over coffee or a drink , there are so many options . 
  it 's not like you 'll be able to get to know each other during the movie or ghost tour . 
  saw your music here first , became a fan and spread the word . 
  thanks for what you do and please , please come to savannah , ga sometime . 
  question : your songs seem more like a meandering walk through the woods instead of around a track like most music . 
  is this intentional ? 
  if so how do you go about choosing what direction to go in each piece ? 
  and that kids , is poetry . 
  i 'm on the warrior side so i 'll dig for this . 
  though i do n't know what you mean by mine strike . 
  they have built those big white barracks and all the two story buildings since i was here last so it 's all new to me . 
  warrior side but not averse to moving to find that slice of heaven, 
  obligatory : i hate this place and always have . 
  it 's like balad was , a sprawling salsanight minded shithole . 
  i 'd rather be back on pheonix or julien or even isaf hq . 
  but i 'm here . 
  so i intend to figure out how to make the best of it . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll be checking that tomorrow, 
  no i just mean i can get around the base pretty easily . 
  hell if i could move ... i 'd be back in kabul, 
  i 've noticed this ... there is a four story pile of crushed b huts on the sabalu harrison side ... but hell , with this place remaining an enduring location i figured things would n't be that bad . 
  ah but entry into the dfip is n't the easiest of things ... 
  this is surprising to hear ... savannah has a very active comedy scene downtown at the sentient bean , muse arts warehouse regularly and other individual gigs around town . 
  as for movies , the lucas has been doing it 's summer series with greats like the fall and 2001 a space odyssey playing right alongside top gun at the scad theater . 
  the psychotronic film society also plays odd and quirky movies from all years at the bean . 
  good indian we have , biking is getting better and trader joes is coming !, 
  i think we are lacking a proper lounge like what mata hari 's claims to be . 
  picture the first floor of girabaldi 's but with live music and patrons drinking till the morning comes ... 
  to think broad st. used to be lined with businesses all serviced by a trolley line ... 
  start with masdar city in the uae, 
  i ca n't believe juan 's isnt on here !, 
  he was part of what made the barber pole so great and now he has his own venture off ellis square . 
  i 'm in baf right now myself ... it 's been an ongoing debate whether i miss riding/beer/or sex more right now . 
  warrior side here , a debate on this topic should be had over a cigar sometime . 
  i 'm thankful that you took the time to articulate this viewpoint first of all . 
  but bias is apparent and you have completely glossed over the violent and exclusive stance isil hold towards non-muslims and the west . 
  the same ideologues who call for a united ummah call for the destruction of the west and endless conflict until all the world is for allah .
