  you will defend islam when it 's violent and backwards tenets are attacked but will you attack those who preach those same ideals ? 
  which country are you from ? 
  i am curious what the practice is there . 
  should i also try to collect signed statements as a source of proof the next time a suicide bomber goes off somewhere in afghanistan ? 
  the information is all over the place regarding najis and any other number of statements further clarifying some of the twisted tenets of islam . 
  where are your refutations of it ? 
  can you source me something that says non-believers are n't unclean ? 
  yes i have an english qur ` an . 
   imams take things out of context . 
  the qu ` ran is what should be follow along with hadiths . 
  and here we have the classic `` well my interpretation is right and they are wrong '' argument . 
  please explain then the direct , irrefutable judgements issued by mohammad ( pbuh ) in the hadiths . 
  the same rulings often paired with excerpts from the qur ` an and used to justify the views of those who consistently murder in the name of islam or promote backwards and brutal theocratic lifestyles . 
  and also may i suggest , just for both of us to gain a little knowledge . 
  why do n't we scour the news and tally down the deaths or injuries inflicted in the name of islam , of protestant christianity , of catholic christianity , of secularism or atheism and why not buddhists too . 
  crimes not committed by an adherent to one view or or another , but committed due to the tenets of or in the name of . 
  as you read this you already know what the result will be ... a stack of bodies at the foot of islam . 
  i thank you for a very informative and well thought out reply . 
  i will ask you then , since you recognize that there are those who misinterpret the qur ` an and the hadiths ; what should the umma do about them ? 
  how should the umma react to the next large scale terrorist attack on civilians in a western city ? 
  how should the umma answer the next bombing of a market in baghdad ? 
  how should the umma respond to the consistent brutalities committed in the name of allah ? 
  something must be done or the west is likely to answer with even more ill-informed and sloppy politics and ignorance or simple bigotry will sway the population . 
  i know the internet will not change things outright , but you could out in the real world . 
  i could . 
  someone reading this could . 
  it is a small start but dialogue like this or face to face is the first step . 
  i will just assume you have never flown in the past decade or turned on the news in that same period , never heard of the surge in terrorism in the 70 's , never read about the wars of islamic expansion , wars against israel or the motivations of belligerents on both sides of the christian crusades . 
  i am willing to bet you have n't traveled outside of western europe and that you have never read the qur ` an . 
  but you 've got the politically correct western apologist ideology down to a t !, 
  here 's your sticker !, 
  feel good yet ? 
  internet accusations and even outright disrespect on the internet are hardly on par with the consistent violence muslims perpetrate throughout the world on a daily basis . 
  for situational awareness , since i made this post less than 12 hours ago . 
  3 iraqis were killed in their home in baghdad , another 8 iraqis were killed in a market bombing . 
  meanwhile in syria , a television station was sacked and another 7 were murdered . 
  10 plus afghan police were killed here in afghanistan ... this is only what the news has published . 
  then were is the saudi revolution ? 
  the pakistani revolution ? 
  if islamic governments are put into place , * really * islamic governments , then the world will see either that islam can be a force for good , or witness yet another example of the darkness lurking within the doctrine and a population seduced by it . 
  we will see . 
  yet the ummah accepts this ? 
  the saudi 's seem to produce a disproportionately large number of extremists that 's for sure . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's stuff like this that provides a little insight , should more people answer it could give us a pretty good idea of what we could have . 
  i understand nothing is perfect , but man the news is treating obamacare like someone went back in time , took george washington 's boots and sabotaged the revolution . 
  what are the tax implications though and how do you feel about that ? 
  is n't sweden have some of the highest taxes per capita ? 
  do n't get me wrong , we 're taxed like crazy in the states , but all we have to show for it is a busted education system , a massive military and entirely too many highways . 
  large black women driving slow in the fast lane . 
  bonus points if they are on the phone . 
  looks great !, 
  mind if i ask how much ? 
  man you got an amazing deal !, 
  i paid the same for mine and it looks nowhere near as nice as yours . 
  congrats again !, 
  there is no way you are in the military , in fact i would go so far to say that you are chock full of bovine manure . 
  a ) your post history reeks of geardo douchebaggery, 
  b ) mismatched gear , all commercially avaiable, 
  c ) mismatched magazines that have been recalled and replaced in the services, 
  d ) stupid attempt to show off pieces of medkit and other random gear , illogical set up, 
  e ) but most damningly , there is no sign of dust or wear on anything in this picture . 
  every day carry my ass . 
  i have that same belt and the wear shows . 
  i have a tourniquet that spent a year inside a medpack and looks dustier than the one you have on your belt . 
  go fuck yourself geardo . 
  please , what unit good sir ? 
  within the realms of opsec of course . 
  the computer screen between us and the anonymity it provides cover for frauds all over the place . 
  it 's entirely too easy for some high school dickhead or some middle aged never-will-be/never-was to pretend to be something they are n't . 
  you swinging around talk of time with sof , some mess about sniper school and posting your gear online , paired with your extreme knowledge of civilian tac gear . 
  well , it looks more than suspect . 
  putting together a 416 or obtaining a real one is hardly unheard of , same goes for the other equipment . 
  it 's not always the cleanest of processes , but there is a market and there are suppliers . 
  `` make it look cool just so my supply guy can tell me to clean it off later '' why would your 4 care what you do to your rifle ? 
  illogical set up ? 
  there are few plate carriers i can think of that would work with magazines strapped to your shiny new belt . 
  speaking of shiny , i do n't think those mag holders have spent 5 minutes outside any wire . 
  personal attacks on me and wherabouts in kabul : i 'm not here to brag about or defend my history , and it 's not hard to get a feel for where i am from my past posts . 
  you throw out a district name from kabul , how about you name the se ecp to kia , or hell , tell me what routes stem from massoud circle ? 
  you devoted a bit of time to this reply , why not take a picture of your kevlar and your plate carrier , those would tell a lot more about you and what you do , or whether you are indeed full of it . 
  you know , verification . 
  better , yet , why not step outside and take a picture of yourself or gear with the mountains in the background , something to prove you are downrange . 
  and do n't try to pull some crap about not being over here , yet having your rifle and basic combat load on you . 
  hell , should you be legit and someone else try to call you out , you can just show them to your timestamped picture proving you are n't just some geardo . 
  i came to the conclusion that you are a typical geardo wannabe from your willingness to put forward information that people who do what you claim to have done are typically fairly shut lip about , your spotless gear and your 6 day post history reeking of wannabe douche . 
  i 'm forced to backpedal to an extent as i did n't think you would know what an ecp was , let alone kia . 
  you obviously have some sa regarding kia i 'll give you that . 
  routes are universal though , so i do n't know what you 're on about there . 
  after multiple deployments in the army and a deployment as a contractor ( not the types you have mentioned in company or position ) i have seen and heard enough from internet posers . 
  i am a member of a military forum which sees more than it 's share of wannabes and posers , perhaps i have become reflexively suspect . 
  i 'd be glad to edit my original post to something a long the lines of `` nevermind , i 'm a prick '' if you would pm me the sort of verification i asked for . 
  if i 'm wrong , shit you have some clean gear for being over here . 
  and in the kindest tone i can manage , i doubt you leave your asuv much to be throwing all the accusations of fobbitry my way . 
  thanks !, 
  is the festival nearby ? 
  i 'll be all over bavaria that week . 
  you 're not twisting this on me , i 'm not the one posting shiny cool guy load outs and throwing out references to high speed schools like it 's my first day on the internet and i want to impress all the boys . 
  i do n't have to be cag to call out someone with a dickish aura on the net . 
  but please , throw more fobbit terms around , i liked the mortar round comment better than the id checking bit , the next joke should probably reference dfacs , salsa nights or call of duty if you really want to be on point .
