  this event added to so much else that suggested she lived life with blinders on . 
  she did n't , would n't , could n't notice the small things , appreciate beauty or find joy in the world around her . 
  it took me awhile after that to go through with the divorce , but i knew that moment she refused to come with me to see that sunset . 
  even if this this technology needs to be improved upon in terms of efficiency it 's undoubtedly a step in the right direction . 
  i wonder how many places the local politics would keep an initiative like this from occurring , i wonder where it might occur next . 
  probably porn ? 
  i figured as much , had no idea why it would suddenly be on the front page so much as of last year or so . 
  i do n't thnk i 've even seen a screenshot ? 
  also , did it blow up and reddit reacted or did reddit blow it up ? 
  thanks !, 
  checking these out now . 
  is it bad that nothing in the description except `` for 6-12 year olds '' sounds anything but excellent to me ? 
  `` with so much history secured in one museum , so many doorways to other times and other worlds , against captain 's orders promises to be exciting , enlightening , and perhaps a tiny bit dangerous ... '', 
  adult evenings ? 
  i wonder what change that entails . 
  i never once thought of that as cheesy either , i was just excited that i could break stuff . 
  oif-oef veteran here . 
  these guys giggling at the incoming rounds is the type of thing a bunch of new people would do . 
  the excitement does n't go away but that childish giddiness will once it 's happened a few times and especially once you 've seen those rounds hit home . 
  i ca n't imagine the two talking have been shot at before . 
  that struck me too . 
  i mean , it looks pretty neat and there does n't seem to be much blood loss but then again you never know how much internal bleeding there could be . 
  as it looks applying a tourniquet would just damage the guys circulation and risk his leg . 
  it also makes me wonder what kind of medical support or reach back they have . 
  in the military we have the security of knowing that if we make it back to an aid station , we 'll probably be fine , these guys though ... . who knows . 
  excellent post . 
  with so many discussions about police militarization over this past year or so i have found myself laying out our roe to civlians again and again . 
  the fact that we are trained in the military , in a hostile nation , with proven and constant threats to our lives , we are trained to use restraint , to take every precaution before choosing to take a life . 
  yet in our own home our police ca n't be assed to show the same discipline . 
  there is absolutely no excuse and the culture needs to be thoroughly evaluated and transformed to move away from the mentality you laid out so well . 
  i just feel the need to say , that during my time in northern iraq , the islamic state of iraq as it was called then made huge amounts of money extorting truck drivers moving fuel , extorting refiners , individual sellers , the many private generator operators ( localized answers to unreliable power grid ) to the point of even taking a share of money from the many soak yards where truck drivers pay to park and rest on their journey . 
  this was all without controlling the syrian border or many of the roads as they now do . 
  bottom line , they will continue to bleed huge sums of money from the oil industry . 
  well there 's that whole no ticket hurdle to get over . 
  not at all a fan of most glass facades but this one is different than most , i can appreciate that . 
  bad bot, 
  again i brought some with me last time with no problems . 
  besides , it 's not like i want a pillow case full of the stuff , just a little glass jar of it . 
  glad you enjoyed it !, 
  you 'll probably like this one too . 
  i first saw them in savannah , ga at revival fest and man they blew up the stage . 
  i also highly recommend the oh hellos, 
  it really says something about us that we can be so ... shortsighted with so many physical representations of our society . 
  `` architecture makes a strong case for the collective status of an era . 
  in this regard , the buildings we raise have something to say about our nature - quiet constant reminders that our lives are too brief for mediocrity , and that insomuch as this is our time , it is we who decide daily whether to participate in that which is hopeful and amazing or that which is ineffectual and mundane . '', 
  - clay chapman, 
  johnny flynn - the lady is risen, 
  gives me chills every single time, 
  source/more :, 
  the atlantic said `` clinton enters the race as an overwhelming favorite to capture the nomination . '', 
  where is this doting attitude coming from ? 
  i do n't know any thinking progressives/liberals who want her to run . 
  she is being forced on us . 
  what suggests she is a `` clear favorite '' ? 
  she seems like the assumed , passive nominee . 
  and what is this over 50 % business ? 
  i imagine everyone would want there to be some sort of competition just the assumption that she * will be * the nominee is unhealthy for us all . 
  not at all , does n't mean we should passively accept it . 
  to elaborate on the meaning of that statement ... hillary seems like the obvious choice , the easy choice , the thoughtless choice for democrats . 
  the lesser of two evils maybe , but a poor choice regardless . 
  no offense was meant , but i stand by my point . 
  ** submission statement : ** `` about once a month i run across a person who radiates an inner light . 
  these people can be in any walk of life . 
  they seem deeply good . 
  they listen well . 
  they make you feel funny and valued . 
  you often catch them looking after other people and as they do so their laugh is musical and their manner is infused with gratitude . 
  they are not thinking about what wonderful work they are doing . 
  they are not thinking about themselves at all . '', 
  we all have met , and some of you may well be the type of person described there , people i believe make the days better by their presence alone . 
  the author goes on to discuss the value of `` resume virtues '' and `` eulogy virtues '' and the pursuit to become a better person . 
  i wish i could help recommend a direction to explore , but i can hardly narrow it down myself when i am traveling . 
  but i did come here to say that you have an amazing opportunity ahead of yourself nonetheless . 
  as you said , this is all new territory !, 
  being on your own means you will learn more about yourself just as you are learning more about the world . 
  you can and will grow . 
  i 'm sorry for the ending of a relationship , but you are starting in a unique place with so much at your fingertips . 
  enjoy yourself and the best of luck . 
  silly making money stuff in one suburb , silly heart stuff in the other . 
  and that 's why i ca n't afford to live in the center . 
  thanks for the recommendations , i am trying to hold a sub-30 minute commute in either direction if i can at all help it . 
  that may well be dreaming but i still intend to aim for it . 
  i 'm looking for a house share , studio or 1 bed flat . 
  of course i would like to eat and pay rent . 
  this is an excellent tool !, 
  thanks for sharing . 
  my friends and i would go for taco tuesdays whenever we could and we tried taco abajo several times . 
  while not the best in town , i always enjoyed the food and we were always taken good care of . 
  it was usually a decent mix of savannians and tourist in there too . 
  then rather suddenly the clientele changed with an `` open mic night '' that was started and it seemed to lose its luster and shut down shortly after . 
  the owner showed me temperance across the street and the status of it 's construction probably three years ago , he said the ball was still rolling but that dream never was realized either it seems . 
  the others are not leading you wrong . 
  frankfurt is a modern financial hub but lacks the character and appeal that so many other german cities and towns would offer . 
  explore elsewhere !, 
  remember trains connect virtually everything , you can deviate a bit . 
  if the world were to grasp one lesson from the deepwater horizon spill and following clean up , what should it be ? 
  thanks for doing this !, 
   `` americans really do n't understand the quality of service that high-speed rail , as used internationally , provides , '', 
  this quote nails it . 
  if more americans traveled and gained an awareness of the system other nations have developed , they would see rail as a viable - preferable even - alternative to continued reliance on the automobile .
