  it 's still an issue for me , incredibly frustrating . 
  is everyone just hanging out waiting for a bug fix or are there any possible workarounds ? 
  seems like an additional subscription after prime , anyone currently using this ? 
  thoughts ? 
  top comment right here . 
  the whole region flounders painfully to the tune of islamic dogma . 
  the hard hand of however many monarchies and dictatorships are made necessary because of the islamist tide that would otherwise rise . 
  i would have rather seen morsi remain and let the islamists have their day than witness another cycle of oppression , appeasement , tyranny and deceit with both sides of the pendulum claiming piety . 
  insurgent violence simmering all the while . 
  did you ever find a solution ? 
  this has been driving me mad . 
  what did you do exactly ? 
  i 've updated my mac and seen no change . 
  i 've had absolutely no luck getting this to work . 
  no such file found in each case . 
  what should be happening ? 
  i used a shiftpod last year and this year again , two weeks on playa this time . 
  thoughts ... 
  * that set up and tear down time ... it 's glorious simply put . 
  * the space inside . 
  you could do so much with the interior , i lay carpets down , set up a queen air mattress on one side and line the walls with toughboxes/cooler/food / mirror and so on . 
  it 's easy to move around and organize all you need . 
  * headroom, 
  * relatively easy to minimize dust, 
  * sturdy , even with stakes that come with it . 
  it survived the worst of last years storms and a massive storm during build week that toppled many set ups and part of catacomb of veils . 
  * super easy to clean . 
  cons :, 
  * the zippers ... they get janky quickly once exposed to dust while open . 
  i have trouble with the toggles bending while trying to shut the windows now . 
  the doors are fine . 
  * it gets uncomfortably hot by 10am or so . 
  at events off playa where it 's more humid , it 's unbearable . 
  build a swamp cooler or get an ac unit , i plan to . 
  ditto for adding a shade structure over it . 
  overall , it 's a joy . 
  i drove cross country with my shiftpod in a tour door coupe then traveled around national parks with it . 
  edit : to add ... i had to move my pod once the rest of my camp arrived to fit with out plan , i laid out a tarp , emptied it , and literally picked it up on each side and walked it where it needed to go . 
  done . 
  try that with whatever else . 
  this thread made me want to start a discussion about what other shift pod owners have done with their set ups ; lots of good ideas here . 
  thanks !, 
  i just got back into town after two years away , i did n't make any plans or announcements about coming back so i could ease in . 
  already though , i 'm overwhelmed by the opportunity . 
  in one weekend , we have the savannah film festival , pride , wag-o-ween , the food truck festival and a group of friends just did a costumed pub crawl in addition to the regular downtown music and bar scene ... . 
  dude , you can never be bored here . 
  just go outside and soak it in or pick up a connect and look at the week ahead . 
  i was in mosul during the last war , hunting the emirs and walis and this facilitator or this bombmaker all throughout northern iraq . 
  it 's so bizarre to see these terms on headlines everyone else is reading now when they were previously relegated to a relatively small circle of those deployed there or those specifically hunting them . 
  i do n't know how many military commanders of east or west mosul and their deputies we removed from the battlefield , but we knew it would never end . 
  killing one commander or another keeps them off balance and unable to act as they might as a functioning entity . 
  we had our boot on their throats when we ceased targeting operations and they must feel similar with the constant degradation they 've suffered in the past year . 
  even so , the pressure must be constant . 
  welcome to endless war folks . 
  was n't me , but i 've been out and about since i got back . 
  i 've just been walking around and seeing what there is to see . 
  i always find beauty , peace , and enough quirky or interesting surprises each time . 
  and whether i want to be social or not , i almost always see someone i know and wind up having a good conversation . 
  i 've never been bored here , all it takes to fix it is a walk . 
  * waiting for u/wahtisthisidonteven to add mp branch identifier *, 
  word . 
  shame . 
  op should walk naked through the streets . 
  that 's a shameful thing here , right , no ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  he committed blasphemy simply by citing the quran as a christian ? 
  i 'm curious , as a veteran . 
  have you received any finished intelligence from the campaigns in iraq and afghanistan , or is all your information raw intelligence reporting ? 
  is there a reason he called you that ? 
  meanwhile in america ... . let 's catch up guys , there 's no reason we could n't do the same in time . 
  edit : and arguments flood in as to why we in the us ca n't do for ourselves what every other developed nation has done already . 
  i love the original top gear crew , but i was a little bummed to see icons from the burn as part of the intro . 
  an episode where clarkson and crew attend the burn and build their own art cars for use there ... . that would be amazing . 
  but what i saw just felt wrong for some reason . 
  yes , our cities are more spread apart , that did n't stop rail from linking them over a century ago . 
  that did n't stop eisenhower from linking them with highways either . 
  hsr is more sustainable in the long term , would bring a massive influx of permanent jobs and would make travel overall more affordable and encourage walkability in the cities rail linked . 
  all good things . 
  it 's lobbyists and conservative politics that keep us behind the rest of the developed world . 
  china has a better hsr network than us for pete 's sake . 
  i 'm in savannah , ga , in a day or so of driving , i could be in dc or atlanta/charlotte in four hours . 
  that 's making good time . 
  i 'd much rather be able to hop on a train and relax/read/sleep / eat/chat/work while reaching my destination instead of grumble behind another tractor trailer trying to pass a slightly slower tractor trailer for hours on end . 
  right now , trains only leave this station twice or so a day and at bizarre hours . 
  air travel is not as affordable or sustainable as rail . 
  period . 
  i lived in germany three years and the uk for two . 
  i could hop on a train just about every hour of the day travel locally or regionally with ease . 
  planes cant offer that and it is n't nearly as affordable . 
  nevermind the hassle of air travel and security . 
  a functional rail network in america could open up travel to more of us , to more places , for less money . 
  i think the ne corridor is the exception to the rule though , and even then , it 's not very efficient by international standards . 
   fuck you anthony weiner , fuck you jim comey , and fuck you e-mail . 
  you need to add hillary clinton , the establishment dnc , paid for media and the hubris of all three to that list . 
  i hear that . 
  it 's not like we have to settle for one form of travel or another though . 
  we have fewer options available now than other developed nations and options that are arguably more expensive and less sustainable overall . 
  i took the california zephyr from reno to sf last year and enjoyed the heck out of it , but by no means was it something i would have done had i needed to be in the bay quickly . 
  for cross country travel , i 'm sure air will remain ideal , but for local and regional connections ... high speed rail sounds pretty sweet . 
  there will always be nimby issues .
