  may well be artillery at ft. stewart . 
  it 's amazing how far the rumble can travel . 
  i feel like we could add to this ... 
  ** submission statement ** a topic many of us likely remain ignorant of without any personal stake in the equation , but an ongoing erosion of workers protection that should be stopped . 
  another story of private interests shifting a fiscal burden on to taxpayers in order to increase profits . 
   over the past decade , state after state has been dismantling america 's workers ' comp system with disastrous consequences for many of the hundreds of thousands of people who suffer serious injuries at work each year . 
   the changes , often passed under the banner of `` reform , '' have been pushed by big businesses and insurance companies on the false premise that costs are out of control . 
   in fact , employers are paying the lowest rates for workers ' comp insurance since the 1970s . 
  and in 2013 , insurers had their most profitable year in over a decade , bringing in a hefty 18 percent return . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  i imagine there are lots of stories like this , many far worse . 
  she should n't have to go through such a hassle to simply receive fair treatment . 
  this is really damning information ... and the way in which it 's presented to the public flat out insulting . 
  if my experience is the norm though , then i could present this to conservative friends who would right away dismiss it and parrot some fox news dogma . 
  i do n't know how any citizen outside of these special interests could support these people . 
  while you look to have a general understanding of the regions history . 
  you have the sunni and shia sects backwards which hints of a wider ignorance of this entire topic . 
  surely not an understanding qualifying you to make sweeping generalizations about a century of shifting foriegn policy . 
  saddam was sunni , sunni are the minority in iraq but majority in the arab world . 
  malaki was shia , malaki screwed the sunni for years , isis and aq are sunni . 
  iran and assad 's government are shia . 
  it all ties together and if you ca n't get the factions right you aught to remain quiet . 
  as i keep digging for answers i seem to find more questions ... 
  anyone who has done these treks ... are the permits usually same day or do they take awhile to process ? 
  at the moment i am only planning for one full day in kathmandu . 
  excellent !, 
  which trek did you do ? 
  i 'm still curious how long the abc trek would take . 
  guides say everything from 7 to 14 days . 
  and no i 'm not confusing it with the full circuit . 
  thanks for the reply . 
  i hoped a service like this existed . 
  were you happy with the blue horizon ? 
  there are so many great comments about what * to * do but i just have to throw out something that should * not * be done . 
  grinding implies one thing , but literal , forceful grinding does n't feel good for the guy and usually leaves the pelvic area really sore . 
  i have had this happen with several women who preferred clitoral stimulation . 
  i 'm happy to address that in other ways . 
  if someone else knows what i 'm talking about and can explain it better by all means help me out . 
  this story is set in savannah , georgia . 
  the coastal empire with all it 's drawl and charm . 
  it was a typical sultry summer day . 
  we had met weeks before at a coffee shop after chatting on okc and dated since . 
  she was stunning in the low light of the place ( and out of it too ) , intelligent , creative , driven . 
  there was undeniable chemistry from the start . 
  the lowlands in between savannah and the ocean are dotted with islands rising out of the marshes and channels . 
  one of those islands was rumored to have been home to a witch . 
  the witch lived on this island until a railroad was built from savannah to the beach at tybee island by leapfrogging from one island to another . 
  her home is long gone and the railroad with it so all that remains is an eroding trail leading to the island . 
  there was no sign of rain when we started the trail but a couple miles in huge black clouds formed over the ocean behind us . 
  we had a view over the river and marshlands around us and could see the rain coming down hard in the distance . 
  a wicked wind whipped up as we reached a bridge that had been washed out . 
  someone had scribbled on it `` protected by witches curse - do not pass '' . 
  we bobbed and weaved through the bridge , branches , palms and lapping water to get to the island where we found an amazing and odd scene . 
  there was a massive live oak in the center of a clearing , spanish moss drooping from every branch . 
  tables had been built around it . 
  tibetan prayer flags , ropes , float lines and old glass bottles all hung from the tree . 
  there were odd trinkets everywhere . 
  a rope swing , seashells arranged , toys , broken things and an odd number of construction helmets . 
  we had barely a moment to explore before a wall of rain starting coming down around us . 
  we got down under one of the tables and grabbed a construction helmet to shield our phones . 
  it did n't matter though , we were soaked and water was pouring through the splits in the table . 
  we laughed and kissed and made the best of it . 
  a break in the rain some minutes later and we began the walk back . 
  it was no longer muggy and hot , but cool and refreshing , completely calm skies and water all around . 
  we joked that we found the witches curse , that she tried to turn us away from the island but we made it there anyway and spited her in our own way . 
  it was a little adventure we had that i ca n't share with anyone without recalling her , making an so jealous or wondering what details i 've forgotten that she would fill in . 
  i just looked for pictures from that day and funny thing , i took pictures the whole time but only the ones from before the island and after are there . 
  thanks for the magic heather . 
  i 'm in afghanistan now . 
  we still joke about that . 
  jokes on us though , the afghans run a bazaar on base and what do they drive onto the base every day ? 
  a white corolla . 
  i lived all over growing up ( military brat ) but a couple of times my father was deployed i went to live with my mother in rockingham , north carolina . 
  i did n't have much in the way of prejudice thanks to the military . 
  dod schools were mixed and you got to know kids of all races and backgrounds . 
  suddenly coming to this little school where white kids were the minority though was a rude awakening . 
  white kids were picked on ceaselessly . 
  in class , at recess , during any gym activity , on the school bus and after school . 
  if you walked home alone from school you would probably be jumped by five or more black kids . 
  they were loud in class and the teachers seemed to have just given up on controlling them . 
  i ca n't begin to recall how many times i was called ` cracka ' or ` white boy ' never mind countless non-racial insults . 
  white kids began to stick together out of necessity . 
  it seemed the constant insults and violence from black kids created a shit atmosphere for everyone and no doubt furthered racism on both sides . 
  fortunately i only spent 4th and 7th grades in that environment , otherwise it probably would have been toxic to my development . 
  it 's not hard to see racism against blacks around us but i remember being slammed with the reality of black on white racism which no doubt has affected countless others . 
  tldr : white minority in the south . 
  constant verbal and physical harassment against all white kids by blacks . 
  expecting downvotes . 
  thank you ... savannah has it 's issues but it 's a beacon among this backwardness, 
  i feel the need to comment just because of all the negativity here . 
  i 'm really surprised by it . 
  / u/mcnorema nailed it when it comes to jobs . 
  the job market is limited . 
  i feel like it 's a town to return to once you 've made it . 
  a town to invest in real estate or to join the food and beverage boom . 
  it 's a city linked by rail and road to anywhere , on the map on all projections of a future high speed rail network and i believe it 's the fourth largest container port in the us . 
  the city is gaining increased attention from businesses and travelers , attention that i do n't see fading any time soon . 
  i 'm rambling on to say simply that it 's a city to believe in . 
  it will continue to grow and prosper . 
  when i first moved to savannah i lived in richmond hill , then steadily moved closer to downtown until i was on jones and then liberty st. dowtown is where savannah 's magic is .
