  i will !, 
  wow that may be the best looking honda i 've ever seen . 
  well done man . 
  this is going to be amazing . 
  hell i 'd be glad to drive it like that now ... just wear some goggles, 
  i 've been thinking along the same lines for years . 
  `` well fuck that '', 
  - turns page and completes magazine without having gained anything, 
  i 've seen these before , but they are no less powerful to me . 
  as a veteran they hit especially close . 
  thanks for writing this . 
  as someone with a father who went from casual believer to fundamentalist young earth creationist and has spurned me in this transition , it is refreshing to read that age doesnt equate to immoveability . 
  thank you for opening up to new ideas and to the words of your son . 
  looking sharp , what watch are you wearing ? 
  someone give this guy more upvotes . 
  there are a few other models by rough craft that are more than worth looking at . 
  and that is fascinating . 
  i 'm missing though how perforation would make any difference . 
  are you implying a pressurized environment like a suit vs. one completely exposed ? 
  seems odd that it would take a physical puncture to cause boiling and such when we already have so many open orifices . 
  savannah ga - i 'm going to hope someone else chimes in here to provide more details to these characters , savannah is chock full of interesting and weird people . 
  * there 's a one eyed old woman who walks around a dog she 's named `` dammit '', 
  * there 's eddie , a rail thin homeless black man who dances ( not walks ) all around town greeting everyone and trying to sell roses made of reeds to tourists . 
  he will chat you up given the chance and his voice never once leaves the old south preacher style of talk . 
  occasionally he will pop into bars , give roses to pretty girls and just dance around before strutting out . 
  * there 's a city trial lawyer who regularly wears a grandma looking grey shawl to go sing karaoke . 
  only he doesnt request songs , he just gets on stage , and he doesnt sing the words , he just goes `` baa bah baah baba '' to the tune of the song . 
  i 've never seen him sober or in the process of getting drunk , i will just assume he is always shitfaced, 
  * large black man who sings the blues in any number of savannah 's squares , just singing as loud as can be and giving chunks of the city the ambience provided by his thunderous voice . 
  he too sells reed flowers to tourists . 
  ny , ny - the change man : this guy looks somewhat like machete only dressed in lighter colors , mid 50 's maybe . 
  he paces around union, 
  square counting coins from one hand to the other , pausing to shake the coins a few times as if to gauge their weight . 
  once he finishes counting the change from one hand into the other , he just moves it back in the same fashion , and again , and again . 
  rockingham , nc - i do n't know what anyone calls him but there is a homeless vietnam veteran who will stand on the side of major roads or intersections with one or both fists held high , head to the ground . 
  he will stand there an entire day , completely unmoving . 
  i hear one day he rescued someone from a car wreck that happened in front of him then resumed his post . 
  rockingham , nc - another homeless guy i remember seeing a few times . 
  he had elephantitis and wore sweatpants as he shuffled around town . 
  one sweatpant leg of course was about three times the size of the other . 
  i heard duke university offered him a place to stay and a hefty amount of cash to allow them to study and work to fix his affliction , he did n't accept . 
  i know this will get downvoted but hell , you have a choice . 
  do n't live where you have to drive everywhere . 
  move to a functioning city/town . 
  a soon to be bald serial killer, 
  i think the results could be quite insightful should the poll actually recieve a decent body of answers . 
  i would have liked to have gone more in depth but alas , making polls on reddit could be less cumbersome . 
  was n't intended to be karma whoring but i understand . 
  i poked around reddit to see how others completed polls and this looked like the best format . 
  also i figured more people would partake if they didnt have to go off-site . 
  edit : who gives a damn about my karma anyway ? 
  thanks i did n't know about gmail having an option , i 'll look into that . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  she obviously does n't believe as you do yet you expect her to capitalize christ ? 
  how about the next time you speak of mohommad you be sure to include pbuh ( peace be upon him ) . 
  seems ridiculous since you 're not a muslim right ? 
  you 're pushing the same flawed logic on her . 
  upvoting for an answer , i 'll be following a similar itenerary next month only i 'll be ending in florence . 
  any idea how much sim cards run ? 
  will a regular iphone4 work with a new sim ? 
  you 've really got a timeless/classic beauty about you . 
  gals like you seem to be few and far between these days !, 
  sounds like you 're on your way to being an awesome dude . 
  as an american 24 year old , i 'm convinced girls your age are becoming bigger and bigger ho bags due to pop culture and poor parenting . 
  throwing their dignity away it seems . 
  what do you think ? 
  i tend to raise my voice when i feel passionatly about something or i 'm ticked off . 
  but generally , i spend my time noting how loud and obnoxious others are and occasionally glaring at them until they stfu . 
  look at all the greasy fingerprints covering the doors/walls . 
  so by that logic once the whites left should n't things have improved ? 
  in detroit at least the race riots were over half a century ago and the local government has been dominated by blacks for decades . 
  institutional racism is hardly holding them down now , it 's themselves . 
  this deserves so many more upvotes, 
  and nothing of value was lost ... 
  these murals are all over blighted areas and i ca n't help but see them as hollow . 
  i bought the ll bean jacket you linked , while the quality seems great it runs huge . 
  i 'm 6 ' 0 and 200lbs and a medium could have swallowed two of me . 
  i traded for a small and still wouldnt wear it out as big as it is . 
  op i have been on a hunt for a jacket like that for a couple months now . 
  that is exactly what i want !, 
  i 've got to find it !, 
  this needs more upvotes, 
  i 'd never heard of those places , and from the looks of google , i 'd probably like to spend more time there next time i come through . 
  i think the department store would work best . 
  i 'm generally pretty quick , but that 's usually because i grab a lot of stuff and in between trying it all on , i find a good outfit or two . 
  this also lends a preference for department stores . 
  final destination is florence . 
  i may be tearing into the wormland store in munich if i have the time and funds . 
  budget , i 'd be looking to spend under 100 for pants and shirts . 
  under 200 for the jacket . 
  edit : i meant cost per item , not 300 total . 
  it happened to me in all but name . 
  i know plenty of other hiding their views from family for fear the same would happen . 
  oh yeah and fuck that guy, 
  i was there when `` combat operations '' in iraq ended . 
  we were getting chow after a mission and the news was showing soldiers rolling through the kuwait border showing cheering and waving peace signs . 
  `` the last combat troops '' my ass . 
  we rolled out like nothing had changed that night and lost two more people before our year was over . 
  i was also there during the iraqi `` fardh al-qanoon '' offensive , the battle of the belts some called it . 
  insurgents were blowing all the major bridges/culverts into and out of baghdad .
