  correct me if i 'm mistaken ... but did n't the us possess and summarily dismantle this exact sort of system ( under reagan ) ? 
  ** submission statement : ** a heart wrenching account of the shifting fortunes of an iraqi family from anbar , this story humanizes the rolling tragedy most often viewed through a macro lens and rarely willing to truly take stock of the human toll . 
  i wish peace for these people , though i can not imagine the waters will still for some time . 
  so what is the point of this thread exactly ? 
  she was a first lady and secretary of state , of course there will be photos will high placed/regarded/powerful / respected people around the world . 
  says nothing else about her . 
  what was ridiculous about it ? 
  can we get a compilation of these ? 
  i would love to share that . 
  i just came from / r/hillaryclinton and i just do n't understand how they can overlook the overwhelming trail of graft and dishonesty that marks her career . 
  then they quote asimov on willful ignorance ... 
  anyone could do the same with pictures of george bush . 
  her pathway has given her greater access to these personalities than nearly any other political figure , no one can argue with it . 
  however , that does not speak to her positions , integrity , or viability for the highest office in the nation . 
  edit : good job r/hillaryclinton , down vote even the slightest disagreement or challenge to the flawed logic that supports your candidate . 
   `` two small vases discovered amongst the skeletons have allowed archaeologists to date the graves from between 675 and 650 bc ... 
  this is always fascinating , think of the margin of error if applied to our present . 
  are we talking first or second world war , are we talking the truman or nixon administration ... 
  so much change in such a relatively brief period that could completely skew the context , understanding , accuracy of the interpretation . 
  i hoped to gain some perspective , to find some common ground . 
  came away frustrated and bewildered . 
  sure am glad the mods saw fit to delete half the content of this thread ... 
  sure you want this and not lots of terrible attempts at italian accents ? 
  juan 's off ellis square , hands down . 
  i used to go to the barber pole on bull , they will take care of you too , but personally , i think juan was their best when he worked there and just as good now . 
  no way . 
  tongue in cheek i 'm sure . 
  things might get out of hand when mushrooms come into the picture ... 
  it 's a shame what replaced these . 
  the hyatt has a harsh , ` fuck you ' aesthetic completely opposed to the character of savannah . 
  i wish i could have been there to oppose its construction . 
  christ , i 've got to hear the arguments which claimed this was constitutional ... 
   the suicide bomber detonated a vehicle laden with explosives before gunmen entered the compound of a government secret service unit whose role was to protect vips ... 
  another yea , another taliban spring offensive rolls on . 
  i believe this city was horribly damaged in the first world war . 
  i 'm on mobile otherwise i 'd try to find the photos . 
  ca n't siri do something like this ? 
  soulless, 
  am american , got over it quickly and came to appreciate the sturdiness and ease of recognition of euros and pounds . 
  i also like the 1 pound coin much more than i should . 
  it 's like real life pirate treasure . 
  i was in nepal , trekking to annapurna during last years earthquakes . 
  oh man , besides the one pound and half pound coins , i was lost in the difference change . 
  i spent a shameful amount of time fingering through handfuls of change before buying something . 
  done and not done ( i live in kabul for the moment ) . 
  but what is * your * story ? 
  you were n't always ever-present and wise in these parts . 
  cool , i 'm already in the e-waiting room . 
  it 's astonishing how differently canadian and us cities can be , even though we are supposed to be so similar . 
  what an acclaim for transformus , if i get back to the se i 'll have to make it there . 
  did you ever attend alchemy ? 
  for some reason , you come across as super chill in your writing . 
  thanks for sharing your own evolution . 
  this sounds like one heck of a crew !, 
  1997 ... wow . 
  i said it elsewhere but it 's worth saying again ; it 's really incredible seeing the distance some of you have come . 
  considering all i 've gotten from my little time on the playa , i can only imagine how much you guys have seen of the community and given to the community in your time . 
  before i ever attended , your raw videos of the playa were some of my favorite and communicated better than most what one would find out there . 
  i thank you for that . 
  get togethers with my parents consists of lots of praying and passive aggressive judgments . 
  i 'd say you 're lucky . 
  what was the impetus to establish this rule ? 
  i certainly understand fdr keeping the reigns during the economic and subsequent global crisis . 
  did any other president attempt to run for a third term ? 
  just drive down any street approaching haaf or stewart . 
  you 'll see alterations places left and right . 
  godspeed friend . 
  i wish you the best in navigating this . 
  we all want the best for our home , right ? 
  i operate with that in the back of my mind even when approaching trump supporters and the like . 
  that is common ground even if we ca n't agree on what ` best ' or ` better ' look like . 
  that said , who on earth would knowingly sign on to deliberately deceive voters , misrepresent a candidate or actively undermine the democratic process ? 
  i ca n't wrap my head around that . 
  thanks for the heads up , i 'll get the tubs of cookie dough in order . 
  i encountered the same thing backpacking in sea . 
  my swiss and german friends i made along the way were much more adamant about getting the best deal while i was more willing to concede or just go with the flow . 
  on one hand , for backpackers going the distance , every dollar and every transaction matters . 
  i get it . 
  on the other , you 're right . 
  here we are with more privilege and wealth by luck of our birth arguing over a few cents . 
  my friends explained it as principle though . 
  as respect . 
  for a local to knowingly gouge you , rip you off , lie to you , that 's just intolerable . 
  as long as there is some concession i 'm ok , but i would much rather pay what everyone else does , fair is fair . 
  imagine if in the us or europe we charged citizens from wealthier countries more just because they are from a wealthier place . 
  should someone in nashville charge someone from manhattan manhattan prices for a drink ? 
  it 's about being fair , and as such there is a massive grey area and both sides hopefully , usually , can meet somewhere amicable . 
  you 're bound to have folks on both ends push too far from time to time . 
  to add : i 've spent a good bit of time in kabul . 
  when i first came here in 2010-11 , a reproduction 1863 enfield rifle cost around 50 bucks . 
  now ? 
  the same rifle ( worse quality not because they dont make them for locals but for westerners now ) costs upwards of 400 . 
  the scarf , 20 for one average , some asking as high as 40 . 
  they know what westerners are willing to pay and will gouge you accordingly . 
  i would hate to see that happen in sea or elsewhere where travel is cheap . 
  hey !, 
  i 'm doing something very similar to you . 
  working abroad now and taking some time off before the burn when i return and hoping to volunteer my time for a month or so before the burn . 
  shoot me a pm would you ? 
  maybe we can help each other out !,
