  that 's unfortunate to hear , did you wind up with someone that satisfies you though ? 
  i 've done that , generally i do my own thing and date casually . 
  i 've travelled all over and done things that still seem surreal to me . 
  i 've cultivated a rich life and i 'm doing what i 'm supposed to be doing . 
  that said , trust me i have so much to improve upon . 
  it 's gotten to the point though that i 'm tired of doing all of these things on my own or with someone i do n't see myself staying with . 
  i want a partner . 
  hard truth i know, 
  looking this up now - you might be onto something . 
  fantastic u/oneburningticket, 
  in awe again . 
  the bit about macron wanting to hold his hand ... what on earth ?? 
  really well done - would have liked to of seen more shot in savannah proper though . 
  please do !, 
  plan your other shootings accordingly . 
  they aught to be somewhat evenly spaced . 
  a friend in new york snapped a pic of trump tower today . 
  the `` t '' was blacked out , leaving `` rump tower '' visible . 
  i 'd like to know the backstory on that . 
  man alive !, 
  - hoping to do this . 
  hope i can find one in reno !, 
  if i could , i leave in three days from the east coast . 
  speaking of fly-bys , did you see the tent fly around your tower a few hours before the big storm mid-week ? 
   there was a dark mood weaving in and out of the burn this year it seamed, 
  i felt the same this year , and fought hard to get out of it mid-week only to feel redlined because of the heat . 
  this is the question i want answered . 
  i 'm leaving regardless , minication from class so why not , but i 'd like to know how to best secure my possessions . 
  same !, 
  since there are no pics , could you elaborate on the outfit ? 
  i love the way it sounds so far ? 
  apparently the grey is open . 
  they have plane-ly stated that this will take time , and apparently they are bringing something worthwhile even in its incomplete state . 
  it 's easy to be skeptical at it all ... but really , how awesome would it be if/when the entire thing * is * out there and the dream finally realized ? 
  everyone throwing salt at them in the meantime should have to eat that salt in the end . 
  sub 'd !, 
  i 'm way up in northern , va. . beautiful mind you , but i got things to do and people to see . 
  when are you heading back ? 
  i may try the am if the roads are n't blocked . 
  well said !, 
  this is the sort of voice that comes from the best among us . 
  if only we all could be so amiable about things . 
  i grew up with family in the outer banks , and every single year the hype over each hurricane was deafening . 
  even so , twice , we witnessed the near complete destruction of topsail island , nc with floyd and fran . 
  even having witnessed firsthand that destruction , it 's my base position now that the news outlets will hype up a storm , businesses will be glad to profit off the fear , government will cowtow to the same fear and present the worst possible eventuality for fear of seeming under or unprepared . 
  it 's theatre and i 'm over it . 
  even the response when it actually is bad , it 's presented to the millions as theatre . 
  it 's too easy to go into ` boy who cried wolf ' mode after all of the hollow hype stacks up over the years . 
  meanwhile , there are thousands of innocents on i-95 saying ` oh fuck ' as a hurricane of shit drivers with oranges on their plates heads north at whatever speed they damn well please . 
  oh that was an opportunity missed ... 
  that was it 's third time on the playa , the last time being in 2012 with a ship at the end . 
  i doubt we will see it any time soon . 
  to clarify , it would be wonderful to have it again , but make way for new art !, 
  do you speak for all outlets ? 
  were you objective you 'd be less defensive . 
  ya'ok guy . 
  the media does n't have * any * interest whatsoever in sensationalism . 
  ratings do n't matter . 
  ad dollars do n't matter . 
  and no network , not a one of them has any interest in partisan or politicized coverage of the issues . 
  enjoy this example of stellar and objective coverage . 
  oh so you busy periodically switch to sensationalism when you need to , i see . 
  the irony of someone presumably in the tv news business being lost as to how sensationalist and garbage their industry has become and is increasingly perceived to be is delicious . 
  do n't mistake my plain disappointment and frustration with cable news in particular for the `` fake news '' nonsense coming from the right . 
  for you to leap to that conclusion about me knowing as little as you do about my positions is plain foolish . 
  then again , you 're defensive , and plainly foolish again if you would so quickly argue against trends that are widely known and lamented in respectable print outlets and among most anyone i know who seeks to remain informed . 
  tldr : trump is not my president and you 're a fool . 
  i said no to a contract/promotion that would have netted me 250k salary with benefits and a position stateside after a year abroad . 
  i had already been working overseas for around 15 months and was burnt out - but really i said no for a girl . 
  she ended things right before i got home , the credentials that allowed me to work in that field expired and years of financial hardship followed . 
  i lost a car , a motorcycle , all sorts of possessions and wound up taking jobs i never would have before just to keep a roof over my head and food on the table . 
  i 'm still playing catch up . 
  last year i crammed all i needed for two weeks into a mustang gt and hoofed it across country . 
  this year i jammed all i needed for two weeks in a four door mom car entirely capable of fitting a dozen bodies in the back and hoofed it across country . 
  bikes and all . 
  i need a better system . 
  it 's mostly the days getting there and back as well as associated costs ... i 'm envious of everyone out west and since so many friends are there , i 'm thinking of a move . 
  every time i went by it was closed . 
  i know during build week there was concern about the forecasted temps ... 
  you sir , are fantastic . 
  well that guy is great , you 're great , everyone is great !, 
  i thought it was common enough when i was in , got out in 2011 but it 's gotten super partisan since . 
  mostly with guys leaning right going deeper and deeper into their sentiments . 
  then again , i get to look at many of my peers adopt the generic/typical give me attention/respect me for what i 've done veteran bullshit . 
  it 's like they peaked in the service and can not grow or build an identity that is n't dependent on the constant affirmation that comes from our hyper jingoistic spewing right . 
  i would hate to use the term `` poorly constructed '' for a piece that had such dedication and craftsmanship poured into it - and yet , it was quite fragile it seems . 
  early during the event week part of the mobile was bent badly enough ( presumably by someone hanging off of it ) to have it sent back to reno and reengineered to handle burners monkeying around on it . 
  of course just afterwards the rest of the piece was destroyed . 
  regardless of the specifics of this case , the number of broken or vandalized pieces seemed so high this year . 
  it seemed that it was related to construction that would only fare so well under playa conditions and without considerations for monkey proofing everything . 
  for all the talent that has been tested on the playa , for all the experience gained , you 'd figure we would n't have so many pieces coming apart like they did . 
  i was hoping someone here would have a clue where to find items similar to the ones linked elsewhere , for cheaper , or in digital format . 
  the pictures are vintage schematics or blueprints , original in this case and so way too expensive . 
  i have poked around google but just do n't seem to be searching the right terms to come up with anything worthwhile . 
  i 'd really like to find some of these older pieces and pay to have them printed out on large , quality paper . 
  also , sorry to link to the restoration hardware site . 
  i assure you i 'm not trying to promote them . 
  shit 's cray cray spensive yo . 
  i 'm writing on behalf of my much better looking half ; a fine specimen of lady and looks , caliope jones . 
  she has the talent , the looks , the allure , a few routines , costumes and the ability to make more .
