  a ` place holder ' one who holds a formation together ? 
  where 'd you get that bag ? 
  i 've been looking for a way to store a bit of extra fuel on the bike , that looks like a great option !, 
  i 'm glad they looked out for you in that sense . 
  there are many issues i have with my fundamentalist baptist parents , but one that makes me seethe more than most is the two or so years in elementary school my father threw ritalin at me . 
  he was always pushing adhd and oppositional defiance disorder . 
  it stuck with me , being told that something was wrong . 
  as i grew older as a teenager he would constantly make references to me possibly becoming bipolar , like my mother . 
  i 'm long past the point of that genetic link ever showing , but i feared it for years . 
  fuck parents who do that to kids . 
  i 'm very familiar with bi-polar/manic depressive disorder . 
  my mother has it . 
  my father was the kind of prick to hold a grudge against her for something she could n't change years after they split then imply that due to her genes , i might develop it too . 
  my teacher ? 
  i do n't think you 've read what of typed . 
  you seem to be going off your own script . 
  carry on . 
  for me it 's savannah , ga. 
  savannah represents the best of the human element to me . 
  it was built for people , at the human scale , not just to move cars along quickly . 
  and so the streets are beautiful , lined with historic homes with squares every other block downtown . 
  22 of them . 
  the squares and tree lined streets provide respite from the sun and an abundance of green in an urban space . 
  the fact that it is walkable makes it easier to foster community , to support local businesses and create a place truly worth caring about . 
  a place worth calling home . 
  as someone who has lived all over , i have never had a city so consistently force me to take pause and appreciate the beauty of where i am . 
  every time i see a trolley load of tourists gawking , a student sketching in a square or a camera raising up wherever else , i 'm reminded to be grateful i live in a place where people travel from far and wide to see what you see every day . 
  the art school downtown means savannah has an abundance of quirk and constantly something happening in the creative/arts/music scene . 
  it 's like a mini brooklyn/portland/austin with all that southern charm in the background . 
  it is n't any town usa , i mean sure , the suburbs are . 
  but downtown , midtown , that is savannah ; it 's community , culture , institutions , history and charm all very much its own . 
  that is rare these days . 
  the free parking on the weekends is pretty great too . 
  i thought irvine was just a bunch of suburbs , looks like i was wrong . 
   but stay out . 
  we have enough people . 
  colorado keeps saying the same thing . 
  your lifestyle and perspective is probably immensely , immeasurably different from most americans here at least . 
  few know what it 's like to live in a city that is walkable and layered with history . 
  it 's enviable . 
  so beach all day and downtown in a world class city by night ? 
  that does sound perfect . 
  went to google images ; that water is bluer than any water has a right to be . 
  what about all those deserts where miley cyrus is buried ? 
  really looks like the american dream . 
  first thought was bath for some reason , then france . 
  another clue ? 
  sold me . 
  i 've got to visit now . 
  hey man , part of the reason i asked is because i 'm moving . 
  this could help the both of us decide where to go !, 
  i 'm still thinking france . 
  paris is too large , but has the rest in spades . 
  there have been so many small terrorist incidents around the country though , maybe somewhere down south ? 
  nice ? 
  gates pass near tucson , sunset , one of the best visuals of my life . 
  to the west , endless and vibrant orange/gold/yellow / purple/red desert and to the east , the city glowing among the darkness . 
   it 's close to canada , but not too close . 
  you had me with the garbage plates , but what does this even mean ? 
  is there a smell ? 
  a noise ? 
  do they let their dog poop in your yard ? 
  i always compare new orleans , charleston and savannah as three sister cities , hostess cities of the south and whenever i get to new orleans , i kind of see her as the sister that ran away with the biker crowd and did hard drugs for awhile . 
  rough around the edges , but just as beautiful as the rest with a wild side . 
  if you work and bring in any sort of pay , you are n't beholden to them , you can and you will get out , because you must . 
  just make each dollar count towards a goal of independence . 
  that means you have to go through some difficulty sure , it will be hard leaving and they might not like it , but it 's what you must do if you wish to grow and be happy . 
  being an internet stranger here and all that , i ca n't claim to know your problems , but act , do , move , and something better will come . 
  sure , but no one talks as wistfully about tokyo or la as they do paris . 
  a moveable feast anyone ? 
  your post was about the most subtle way to say i love paris as is possible . 
  may as well shout it with the rest . 
  thanks for the sazerac !, 
  i heard the same and more from this stunning gal on a slow boat to laos . 
  she made me want to move there flat out . 
  if only it were n't so hard for americans to emigrate to the uk . 
  i 've only met one `` yooper '' ( ? ), 
  but he said the same things as you . 
  it 's rare you see someone with that kind of a passion for home . 
  there 's like four of you in this thread . 
  rock city roll hard ? 
  that 's the only side of rochester i 've heard of so far , all this good stuff is new and refreshing . 
  used to love riding the metro north after spending the day in the city . 
  a nice time to decompress . 
  savannah has a few great options for you . 
  kustom hustle with marcus dove gets my vote . 
  to hone a craft and honestly , for the time to figure that out . 
  i would like to follow with a masters in international relations or international business . 
  i might also transfer to a uni in the uk if i certain pieces fall into place . 
  i am burnt out where i work now and i 'm ready to come back to the states . 
  savannah has my heart and i ca n't imagine a better setting to work on writing , to find local inspiration and to live well while working towards something better . 
  i have already written professionally , albeit for the government . 
  the sensible part of my brain says that it 's silly to pursue a degree in writing/journalism when anyone could study anything and write while doing it . 
  as long as you keep creating , you will get better . 
  that said , home , heart , you only lose fighting that pull . 
  everyone in this thread making video game referenced and i 'm just wondering how we are so far behind ... 
  this looks like the future . 
  i like that he 's actually a white dude on a green background but we 've all been calling him green man for , well , how long has he been around ? 
  where are the snacks ? 
  message last updated : 12:35 pm,
