  - maps : i see so many posts featuring snowy/desert/urban maps . 
  how do you get these ? 
  mods ? 
  do they appear in later tiers ? 
  are they available in steam ? 
  - lions : what proactive use for them is there that does n't also use golden eagles ? 
  how do you spend your eagles ? 
  seems i 'll just be hoarding them in the meantime . 
  - crews : i keep hearing about training up crews but i really do not understand the system yet . 
  also , switching vehicles and getting the message ` you have a more experienced crew available ' . 
  what gives ? 
  - repair costs : i ca n't find them factored in anywhere . 
  are they really that much of a hindrance ? 
  - tank machine guns : no button for this ? 
  what other features am i missing that gaijin did n't clue anyone in on ? 
  - i 'm playing on a macbook trackpad , am i insane ? 
  - what decisions/purchases/etc could i make now to best help progression . 
  i 'm tier i-ii in everything now . 
  - just curious , what vehicles do you find to be the most fun to play ? 
  i did n't expect to like the quad 50 half track but that thing is a blast !, 
  it seems like you salty dogs have all been playing for some time , i really appreciate the help and hope to see you in the field . 
  here is the [ article ] ( https://medium.com/@cmclymer/the-pettiness-of-the-angry-white-male-58bcc970021d#.v65i55ddb ) in question . 
  so the author has managed to generalize , mischaracterize and dismiss ten million voters who have punched the ticket for sanders . 
  actually no , that does n't cut it , the author insulted ten million voters and millions who have yet to vote . 
  instead of addressing anything of substance , policy , platforms , record , etc ; the author has resorted to a blatant and baseless smear . 
  what makes this so frustrating is that it dismisses the views and hard won conclusions of millions . 
  it suggests that i , or indeed any white male can only hold views rooted in subconscious misogyny . 
  i can debate the issues , i can list the reasons why i choose to support sanders and why i choose not to support clinton . 
  but how do you go about addressing a baseless charge like this ? 
  how do you go about bringing someone around amicably when they have stooped to this sort of nonsense ? 
  i 'm posting here because this made me angry , furious if i think about it and that is not an emotion i wanted to let drive my responses elsewhere . 
  the [ video ] ( https://youtu.be/qhu0xiglx5s?list=rdqhu0xiglx5s ) itself is wonderful , a full set and interviews in between . 
  he talks about lurking reddit around the 24:55 mark . 
  [ link ] ( https://youtu.be/qhu0xiglx5s?t=24m57s ), 
  nostalgia hit me hard , the music , the screen above my ship flashing advertisements while the whole game seemed graphically new inside the station at least . 
  thing is , i 've forgotten everything . 
  i try to undock my dusty cormorant only to find that my set up drains energy too quick and is unstable . 
  stripped , reapplied as best as i can figure , but the first pirate i come across and i can not fire as my weapons are out of charges ... 
  back to the tutorials it is . 
  two questions to start . 
  1 ) is there any benefit ( outside of selling ) to having a character this old ? 
  2 ) i 'm the last member of the corps i once shared with friends . 
  i 'd like to join up with other redditors and make myself something useful sooner rather than later . 
  any advice on choosing a corps ? 
  i 'll be diving into the isk guide and eve university in the meantime . 
  i appreciate any guidance you all might offer . 
  i 've been working abroad the past two years after living in savannah , ga for some time . 
  i absolutely fell in love with the city and really it is everything i want . 
  however , the job market is terrible and i am looking to further my education which is also limited there . 
  i can move anywhere , but i 'm a little overwhelmed by all the choice . 
  i 've lived all over the us and abroad , and recognize the rarity that a city like savannah is . 
  even so , i feel drawn to cities like providence , portland , brooklyn and sf , i just get the feeling like there is something i 'm missing . 
  what i want is a place that is walkable , reasonably affordable and alive . 
  if there are any places that jump to mind , i 'd be glad to hear them . 
  ** edit : ** everyone i really appreciate the answers . 
  it 's a lot to think about !, 
  i value the quality of the built environment , the experience that comes with where you choose to live as much as anything else . 
  that 's why i 've hinged so much on answering this question . 
  odd situation , i 'm returning home after nearly two years of working abroad and want to ride cross country . 
  i get home ( dc or ga area/where i would start ) around the 5th of august . 
  i have commitments in california on the 15th . 
  i could fly there , but i 'd much rather ride my bike across country quickly then bring it back at my own pace and see the sights . 
  if i ca n't get there before the 15th , i probably ca n't do my fun ride afterward . 
  thoughts ? 
  like the title says . 
  i 'd prefer not to unless it 's necessary . 
  front right tire is flat though all are fairly new , considering asking the shop to shave the new tire as an alternative too . 
  never had an awd car and it 's my first audi as well , so thanks for the help guys . 
  i imagine the ymcas pool is n't open , but i 'd like to start getting in a morning swim . 
  ideas ? 
  hotel employees , beer for access ? 
  forget all the national level stuff going on , this is a tragedy . 
  candlelight vigil anyone ? 
  [ removed ], 
  i tell myself i 'm always dating so that i 'll find someone worth committing to and pursuing a long term relationship with . 
  but i do this with few expectations and take what comes , casual or serious . 
  this means i 'm dating/pursuing/sleeping with a handful of women at any given time . 
  if it gets to the point of needing a talk or desiring further commitment , i 'm plainly honest about it all and either things remain casual or end . 
  i 've met someone who is by all accounts absolutely amazing - i got really excited about her right off the bat and i can see clearly what direction this is going . 
  commitment , hopefully ? 
  and that 's the thing , i am having a hard time disengaging with other partners ( i 've stopped initiating anything though ) and i 'm having an even harder time not wanting to chase new partners . 
  it 's been six years since i met someone who made me stop in my tracks and commit wholly , there have been a couple of failed relationships since , mostly because i could not open myself/commit myself as i should have . 
  any of you dealt with a similar conflict ? 
  found a resolution ? 
  ** tldr : i want to fix this , but i do n't know if the problem is that i still want other women or if i want other women because she is n't the right one for now . 
  i know i 'm not the only one to have dealt with this . 
  actually in one place long enough to start turning some clothes into blinky/fun playa pieces . 
  where to start though !, 
  anyone have pieces they 're proud of or ideas worth sharing ? 
  i have to go to work now , but what i saw was awesome . 
  go check it out !, 
  went to vinnies tonight for the first time in a long time - i moved away for two years - and could n't believe the number of tourists clotted all over the place . 
  there 's always been a love hate relationship with tourists here , but i 've never felt like i lost a piece of my city to them until tonight . 
  they have always had river st as long as i 've been here , but at least in city market tonight , i felt like the fears of a disneyfied historic district filled with wal-mart america tourists has already come to pass . 
  it 's been a hell of a year so far has n't it ? 
  looking ahead to 2017 , i keep thinking that i do n't wan to see trump 's face on the playa , and yet i 'm almost certain we will . 
  the thought of it just made my stomach turn a little . 
  for those of you who have been around awhile , who saw the bush presidency for instance , how did the community react ? 
  what do you all think of politics on playa ? 
  ** not to get into a debate on personal views , just the place of politics in our patch of dust **,
