  basically the worst time in iraq in terms of sectarian violence . 
  thousands dying each week as car bombs ripped through markets and mosques , bus loads of police recruits and college students being killed , illegal checkpoints and execution squads killing entire families . 
  we lost three people to an efp that tour . 
  forensic document inspector ... what a title . 
  please tell me you go by `` inspector '' and have a curled mustache . 
  blast , i would have loved to come , afghanistan is a bit out of driving range i suppose . 
  afghanistan : in between the roaming beggars , shopkeepers trying to get your attention and the women sitting in soiled burqa 's in the mud , kabul is rough . 
  there are kids that are great hustlers and it 's staggering how good they are at it . 
  sometimes , i guess if they do n't like you , they can pick your pockets clean . 
  i 've always been good with them though , i let them play angry birds and gave them soda 's , they gave me a bracelet and do n't steal my stuff . 
  having just bought a slew of international flights ranging from asia to europe to the us . 
  i used hipmunk to cross-reference what i found on skyscanner and then looked for the flights that matched the departure/arrival/price points i was looking for on kayak and other to see what was actually the cheapest . 
  i like different things about the interface of each site , and with a few clicks and open tabs you can compare it all . 
  so why not . 
  do you remember what german beer you found ? 
  paulaner perhaps ? 
  peroni is decent . 
  i 'm stuck on finding the elixer of summer and life that is a bavarian radler though . 
  i would n't think it would be impossible , i 'm just hoping a redditor knows a place !, 
  agreed , pretty basic stuff you 'd expect to be here really . 
  we can only dream of being as organized as r/nsfw 's sidebar . 
  thanks , definetely going there !, 
  large black women driving slow in the fast lane while talking on their phone . 
  hardly any of these `` top '' experiences are scary and even less are unexplainable ... this thread does not deliver, 
  we 've kind of hijacked a number of old irish drinking songs . 
  i sure as hell sing some of them when drunk in certain establishments . 
  girl came to my door with some high-school magazine sales drive . 
  her entire sales pitch involved innuendo , wanting to come into my apartment to chat about it , and hints that she was dtf . 
  she was smoking but not worth the jailtime ... le sigh, 
  bootcamp was the same moment for me . 
  a few weeks into summer graduation i left for training and in the years since i 've seen shitty places all over the world on the army 's dime , travelled on my own dime all over the states and europe , grown extremely as a person , experienced so much good and bad , learned a marketable skill and met amazing people that are scattered around the country so i pretty much have friends anywhere i go . 
  other people from my hometown are working at lowes and advance auto parts . 
  i 've got a lucrative career outside the military ( granted in still shitty places ) and college will be paid for . 
  it was a great decision in the end and it 's taken me far . 
  good luck man . 
  airborne all the way !, 
  magnets , how do they work !, 
  i do n't know how old you are but i 'm betting young . 
  you will likely live to your 70 's assuming you are from a 1st world nation . 
  now think about how much time you have . 
  and how much you can do or see or experience in that time . 
  all you have to do is try to tailor just a tiny bit of that 50 or so year period ahead of you , hopefully sooner rather than later , and you wo n't feel this regret . 
  down to fuck, 
  * there are roughly three new yorks . 
  there is , first , the new york of the man or woman who was born there , who takes the city for granted and accepts its size , its turbulence as natural and inevitable . 
  second , there is the new york of the commuter -- the city that is devoured by locusts each day and spat out each night . 
  third , there is new york of the person who was born somewhere else and came to new york in quest of something . 
  of these trembling cities the greatest is the last -- the city of final destination , the city that is a goal . 
  it is this third city that accounts for new york 's high strung disposition , its poetical deportment , its dedication to the arts , and its incomparable achievements . 
  commuters give the city its tidal restlessness , natives give it solidity and continuity , but the settlers give it passion . 
  and whether it is a farmer arriving from a small town in mississippi to escape the indignity of being observed by her neighbors , or a boy arriving from the corn belt with a manuscript in his suitcase and a pain in his heart , it makes no difference : each embraces new york with the intense excitement of first love , each absorbs new york with the fresh yes of an adventurer , each generates heat and light to dwarf the consolidated edison company . 
  - e.b. 
  white, 
  with that said , you 'll get different answers from people living there of different backgrounds . 
  as a lifelong nomad , new york is the destination , a destination i have had the priveledge of living in brief periods throughout my life , and i 'm wholly in love with the city . 
  you asked for worldy experience , i 've lived in over 10 states , germany for several years , iraq for two years and afghanistan for one , travelling to a number of counties in between . 
  while i consider bavaria to be the most beautiful place i 've seen , new york is the most beautiful city i 've seen , not because of the architecture or parks or weather , but the sum of all it 's parts , the people of various backgrounds , the variety of talent and dreams brushing past you on the sidewalk . 
  truly in nyc , the world comes to you . 
  oh but fat tourists walking around dressed like they 're going to wall-mart or a revival of some sort do rob from the experience a bit . 
  well , the original picture was higher res , and from there you can see the bag and shit had been driven through a couple times . 
  the possibilities are as follows :, 
  1 ) someone through shit from a high station , buildings on both side were 7-20 stories high . 
  2 ) someone left the bag in the street , it was run over and splattered on the mercedes, 
  3 ) someone drove by and dropped/threw the bag of shit into the road , it splattering on the mercedes . 
  before i could investigate any further i got the hell out of there , the smell was terrible . 
  i do n't know how anyone would collect a bag of pureed shit though ... that 's what 's really wtf worthy . 
  experiences differ massively . 
  there is a picture somewhere of some soldiers ordering food from a px burger king while elsewhere guys are getting shot at in a muddy outpost and hiking up mountains . 
  so damn many people that are veterans of these wars , have n't experienced combat or dealt with anything that required them to see or know the enemy , or even the locals . 
  i would say war ( iraq and a-stan ) is infuriating , ied 's and potshots and vbieds that you ca n't prevent and roe ( rules of engagement ) that prevents you from responding as you 'd like . 
  it 's also maddening taking fire or knowing an ied triggerman is out there but not seeing a damn thing . 
  i do n't have a clue if i ever hit anyone honestly . 
  brutality is redefined . 
  once you 've fished bodies out of the tigris river , seen suicide bombers go off in crowded markets or found entire families murdered just for being a sunni or a shia , or for supporting the government ... it 's horrible . 
  we once found two men inside a shipping container in the middle of the sinjar area in northwestern iraq . 
  the men had been tortured after being tied up in the container , then they were set on fire and left . 
  the human body is terribly fragile you realize after seeing the results of a few attacks . 
  war desensitizes . 
  i could never go along with it . 
  but when people are joking about men you 've killed or seen killed . 
  taking pictures of mutilated bodies or of dead young insurgents with their eyes open but covered in a thin coat of dust from the street already , all the while laughing about it ... . it 's one of the reasons i left . 
  people lose respect for their fellow man , lose part of their humanity and do n't even notice it . 
  war is repetitive . 
  the same food , the same faces , often the same places . 
  it gets boring . 
  the days drone on . 
  not sure why this comes to mind , but there are no micheal bay explosions either . 
  here is the original image in much higher res . 
  you all may remain cool but all it takes is one news outlet to carry those images or comments into the media and into the dar al islam . 
  then , depending on the coverage , who knows how many lives could be lost . 
  the views of 7,000 muslims on reddit hardly represent the entire muslim world . 
  * moon, 
  * the fountain, 
  or you could just unsuscribe and be done with it . 
  where do you get that from my statement ? 
  i am certain that should your average saudi , pakistani , indonesian , filipino , palestinian , egyptian and maybe even english muslim see all this , bad things are likely to happen . 
  in the name of islam of course . 
  i have not posted those things and frankly i 'm frustrated that a chance to bring intelligent debate and discussion about serious issues facing the world due to islam was wasted by ms paint pictures disrespecting mohammad and the like . 
  remember the qur ` an burning in bagram a few months back ? 
  lives were lost because of that , afghan lives , muslim lives , innocents lives .
