  religion belonged to the infancy of the human race ; it had been a necessary stage in the transition from childhood to maturity . 
  it had promoted ethical values which were essential to society . 
  now that humanity had come of age , however , it should be left behind . '', 
  ( sigmund freud ), 
  the god of the old testament is arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction : jealous and proud of it ; a petty , unjust , unforgiving control-freak ; a vindictive , bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser ; a misogynistic , homophobic , racist , infanticidal , genocidal , filicidal , pestilential , megalomaniacal , sadomasochistic , capriciously malevolent bully . 
  those of us schooled from infancy in his ways can become desensitized to their horror . 
  ( richard dawkins ), 
  the christian god is a being of terrific character - cruel , vindictive , capricious and unjust . 
  ( thomas jefferson ), 
  `` is god willing to prevent evil , but not able ? 
  then he is not omnipotent . 
  is he able , but not willing ? 
  then he is malevolent . 
  is he both able and willing ? 
  then whence cometh evil ? 
  is he neither able nor willing ? 
  then why call him god ? '', 
  `` religion is based , i think , primarily and mainly upon fear . 
  it is partly the terror of the unknown and partly , as i have said , the wish to feel that you have a kind of elder brother who will stand by you in all your troubles and disputes . 
  fear is the basis of the whole thing -- fear of the mysterious , fear of defeat , fear of death . 
  fear is the parent of cruelty , and therefore it is no wonder if cruelty and religion have gone hand in hand . '', 
  `` i do not believe in the creed professed by the jewish church , by the roman church , by the greek church , by the turkish church , by the protestant church , nor by any church that i know of ... each of those churches accuse the other of unbelief ; and of my own part , i disbelieve them all . '', 
  `` i call christianity the one great curse , the one great intrinsic depravity , the one great instinct of revenge , for which no means are venomous enough , or secret , subterranean and small enough - i call it the one immortal blemish upon the human race . '', 
  since the bible and the church are obviously mistaken in telling us where we came from , how can we trust them to tell us where we are going ? 
  anonymous, 
  `` i contend that we are both atheists . 
  i just believe in one fewer god than you do . 
  when you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods , you will understand why i dismiss yours . '', 
  ( stephen roberts ), 
  chambers : minister , huff : theologian , geothe : writer of eroticism and stated `` non-christian '' , laidlaw : christian writer , c.s. 
  lewis : christian writer . 
  very selective in your pick of great minds there ... . 
  the men i quoted above are leaders , thinkers , artists , revolutionaries , visionaries , and they too could go on ad infinitum . 
  also , baal was worshiped in many individual cultures before being demonized by christianity . 
  `` until archaeological digs at ras shamra and ebla uncovered texts explaining the syrian pantheon , the demon ba\u2018al zeb\u00fbb was frequently confused with various semitic spirits and deities named baal , whereas in some christian writings , it might refer to a high-ranking devil or to satan himself . 
  early demonologists , unaware of hadad or that `` ba\u02bfal '' in the bible referred to any number of local spirits , came to regard the term as referring to but one personage . 
  baal was ranked as the first and principal king in hell , ruling over the east . 
  according to some authors baal is a duke , with 66 legions of demons under his command . '', 
  from : daddy derp &lt;daddyderp@derphoo.com&gt;, 
  to : josh derp &lt;joshderp@derpmail.com&gt;, 
  sent : tue , june 14 , 2011 2:35:55 pm, 
  subject : re : faith and intellect, 
  it 's amazing and ignorant that you choose to attack the belief system of others rather than be able to intellectually articulate and defend your own . 
  not original and not worth responding to whatsoever . 
  you say that you do n't see - and that is perhaps the greatest truth in your twisted disconnected train of thought . 
  knowing you , as i have my entire life , you will probably not change until lying in a pool of your own blood - so be it . 
  condescending , insulting , impertinent , and a very poor liar . 
  if you choose to consciously lie down with pigs - you are going to get dirty . 
  remember - other folks are actually busy in life and have far better things to do than argue religion from a faith-based or intellectual point of view with a blind and unarmed soul . 
  so it would be best for you to discontinue communication and do n't clutter up my email inbox - go back to your normal selfish way of life - and be `` too busy '' like usual . 
  grow up - the sooner the better - young man . 
  and stop actively pissing off those who might care for you - since you believe in something ( undefined and unable to articulate it although givena chance ) like evolutionary accident - then you are just a bipedal critter made up mostly of water whose thought process is also accidental and amounts to nothing more imporatnt than ants pissing in the wind ( actually do you even know if ants piss ? ), 
  - in any event - your poorly pieced together series of quotes shows no originality and - does n't matter one iota whatsoever in the big scheme of things . 
  from : josh derp &lt;joshderp@derpmail.com&gt;, 
  subject : re : faith and intellect, 
  to : `` daddy derp '' &lt;daddyderp@derphoo.com&gt;, 
  date : tuesday , june 14 , 2011 , 4:46 pm, 
  knowing you , as i have my entire life , i 'm not surprised how quickly you turn to this destructive tone and language . 
  it accomplishes absolutely nothing , just like years of your verbal abuse and punishments failed to positively influence me in any way either . 
  it 's a shame the `` structure '' of my argument is n't ironed out enough to warrant a response from you . 
  i see that as a cop out . 
  i may have gone on a rant but it 's better than you flailing your arms around in a rage and telling me to piss off . 
  never mind that you failed to rationally respond to a single point before you popped your cork . 
  so while you laughably teach your children the world is six thousand years old , i will continue to believe in evidence based fact . 
  i am welcome to arguments in favor of religion as i was expecting to hear valid points from you . 
  i guess not . 
  i also wonder that if you truly believed , would n't you make more effort to save your son from burning in eternal hellfire ? 
  i guess not . 
  `` shame that you wasted the chance to discuss this subject . '', 
  ** part seven **, 
  from : daddy derp &lt;daddyderp@derphoo.com&gt;, 
  to : josh derp &lt;joshderp@derpmail.com&gt;, 
  sent : wed , june 15 , 2011 2:34:16 pm, 
  subject : re : faith and intellect, 
  i laugh at your ignorance cloaked in some thin veneer of self-righteousness and yet dripping with the poisonous venom of one actively choosing to serve a different master . 
  you will in this life choose - and you wo n't get a ` do-over '' like in so many of the video electronic games that serve to distract your generation with entertainment . 
  wear the `` l '' jersey with pride - but do n't be surprised when some paladin chooses to confront you for exactly what that represents . 
  this destructive tone - insulting and condescending - was started by you - and do n't think for a moment you can place that blame elsewhere - transference is another tactic used by small minded people to try and shift the blame elsewhere . 
  you - and only you - are responsible and ultimately accountable for your actions . 
  you made the bed so now you sleep - alone - in it . 
  go ahead and drive away the people who care for you . 
  you chose to attack and i chose not to tolerate it from some uneducated and poorly matured selfish punk . 
  the real issue is n't me failing to respond to a point - where did you bring up a point of your own belief system ? 
  you do n't have one - and that is the essence of your problem . 
  you do n't have one so you want to attack others . 
  and in attacking , in such an insulting fashion - you think you are n't resposnible for the blowback ?? 
  get real - again - grow up . 
  `` evidence - based fact '' is what you say you believe in - what a punk child small brained statement - show me some of that evidence and you can have center stage in the great fiction of life - carbon dating ? 
  big bang ? 
  it 's all an accident ? 
  so , once again - your thought process , by your own belief system , does n't matter one iota - since it is all just random electrical impulses firing across axons and dendrites ( oh yeah , you just barely graduated from high school so i ought not use complicated words because you wo n't comprehend them ), 
  i will be clear - you are now on ` spam '' file and ignore/delete is the button . 
  stop wasting other people 's time with your desperate search for truth and meaning . 
  from : josh derp &lt;joshderp@derpmail.com&gt;, 
  subject : re : faith and intellect, 
  to : `` daddy derp '' &lt;daddyderp@derphoo.com&gt;, 
  date : tuesday , june 16 , 2011 , 4:16 pm, 
  you know , it is kind of interesting to have your irrational rage on the record for once . 
  sifting through the mess of rage and insults you sent , i 'm reminded of some recent reading i did . 
  there is a forum where different authors , educators , lawmakers , scientists and others have posted hate mail from christians received whenever they acted against christian interests .
