  as for the woman that was hit ... you see the congestion there ? 
  what would happen if 4-12 us personnel dismounted in the middle of all that ? 
  a crowd would form wherever it was , anger would stir , and depending on the part of town , i would expect violence . 
  it 's shitty , but those guys did n't have much of a choice . 
  i really am liking this one . 
  thanks you so much for taking a crack at it !, 
  thanks so much , this looks great . 
  the second one looks like a dream . 
  thanks for these !, 
  you really made this look timeless . 
  thanks !, 
  oh reddit , you guys are awesome . 
  for the silly and adventurous, 
  the second one is great , thanks !, 
  i do n't know who he is , but i immediately like him for not having his shoe on the couch , but just off it . 
  do you have any more pictures of the bike ? 
  it looks great !, 
  for sure !, 
  looks great !, 
  i 've been meaning to take my iron for an extended adventure ... thanks for the reminder . 
  the only time i went down i hit a patch of gravel while going through a turn . 
  i should have seen it but my eyes were at the end of the bend instead of the road surface coming up ... until it was too late . 
  i 've come close to losing the rear wheel on wet spots while braking , leaves , sand and even a train track once . 
  you learn to be hyper alert to the road very quickly . 
  unfortunately i do n't . 
  i only got this one from a family members fb page and i 'm pretty far from home . 
  thanks for sharing with us !, 
  i can see my building . 
  `` you 're '', 
  ftfy, 
  it 's just that , you know , that war , that we said was over , well , never really ended . 
  and it 's just that , well , you know , the other war we 're in , we 're trying to end it , with the same dialogue , which is thinly veiled poppycock , and oh god you 're right and it 's a boy too !, 
  right , it was a forced timelines that worked against the reality on the ground . 
  just like we are pushing in afghanistan . 
  premature transition which will allow the enemy to remain . 
  here are the after-effects , hundreds still dying and largely ignored by the media . 
  i ride an iron 883 , but regardless of the style we ride , we still experience the same joys , even if you can turn the volume up in some aspects . 
  awesome !, 
  i 'll be sending a message out soon , we should get on this . 
  `` the land of the free '', 
  not a bad view on the way/on the track either . 
  it 's the whitmarsh island raceway just across the river from savannah , ga. 
  it 's a public road , some days professional events are held , some days police train there , some days it 's closed . 
  i had it all to myself . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's a `` public road '' that happens to double as an actual race track . 
  it 's on whitmarsh island in savannah , ga. 
  i was n't thrashing it but it was wonderful , the bike is easy enough to handle and pulls through the corners beautifully . 
  the feelers did grind just about every other corner it seemed ... 
  it is . 
  it took a long time for me to spring on it , but i tried one on in nyc , and couldnt leave without it . 
  this is a local road on an island built as a racetrack , and only occasionally used as one now . 
  this is by no means an official `` track day '' just my bike and i on a racetrack , which i had to myself . 
  how do you even ... 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  i 'm looking forward to seeing what everyone else has !, 
  you meant : grorious reader !!!, 
  ftfy, 
  hah , there might be five people from savannah in this pic . 
  why is traffic so bad ? 
  why are there so many vehicles with one driver ? 
  well , we have built ourselves into an absolute mess with an auto-centric suburban society and 70 years of neglect of public transportation alternatives . 
  it was private services and private dollars that led us into this mess , you ca n't expect government to retroactively plan/pave us out of it . 
  thank you !, 
  this is the post and original exchange that led me to this . 
  the anger and mocking tones in this article and by my conservative friend frustrates met to no end . 
  it seems we may need to direct a bit more energy to addressing this type of backlash from angry christians as the tide looks to be rising . 
  look at the exchange between my friend and i on facebook . 
  `` 1 : `` other than some charred marks on the cement structure there was no real damage to the memorial , '', 
  2 : `` police have identified no suspects or possible motive in the case at this time . '', 
  so basically a monument ( that an atheist organization happened to have protested against ) had an m-80 go off on it ... there is so much conjecture and assumption in this article it is sickening . 
  but this is what happens when news is sourced/manipulated by drudge/brietbart/limbaugh / fox . 
  bomb , ied , kids could be killed , devil heathens !, 
  sensationalism at its finest . '', 
  i linked brietbart only to show what is being trumped up . 
  i 've been considering a kayak for some time now , this exchange has convinced me to take the plunge !, 
  downtown is wonderful , the detail , and history will take years to sink in . 
  it 's an intimate city , perhaps owed to the grid laid out by general oglethorpe and the squares all throughout the historic district . 
  the squares offer shade , natural beauty and almost ask you to slow down to appreciate what 's around you , if you 're doing it right , you 'll be on your two feet . 
  it 's big enough , it 's small enough , it 's intimate , but you can find peace , there is always something going on and as often as not it 's free , you can walk to work , bars , school , parks etc and wo n't have to rely on a car , the city is quirky , it 's people are quirky ... i could go on and on . 
  north of victory drive and in between broad/mlk , this place is downright magical . 
  i 've lived in brooklyn and commuted to manhattan , i love nyc but the sav is right , right now . 
  before too long you 'll have your own cast of locals you know downtown and friends among them . 
  oh and take a look at river st. but do n't judge savannah for it , it 's almost exclusively tourists , thugs , young soldiers and the women that go for those types . 
  this conversation is missing the best of his performances ... 
  bierhaus just opened on oglethorpe in the shame shopping center as taca and screaming mimi 's . 
  their shnitzel has improved hugely since when their opening week . 
  it 's outstanding now , same quality as shnitzel shack or zum rosenhof in hinesville . 
  they have a decent selection of german beers too . 
  this looks like the coastal empire , are you near savannah ? 
  i was in kabul , afghanistan when senator lindsay graham joined the command i worked for to complete his national guard commitment . 
  the xo at a three-star command was ousted from his office to make room for graham to sit around for two or so weeks doing nothing . 
  there were dinners and meetings though where graham questioned military personnel on their experiences/thoughts on the war ... around the table , s1 and s4 clerks , mp 's , and other staff officers fed an absolute load of bs to graham to the nodding approval of their peers . 
  it comes to the s2 , intelligence nco whose job is to know the ground locally and around the nation . 
  he was honest , level and painted a grim picture . 
  all around him , officers glared and furrowed their eye brows , even though he was telling the truth . 
  i can only imagine the impression graham got from his private office , special tours and hollow meetings like that one . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  does any of this remain ? 
  my ach went through countless ruck-marches , field exercises , airborne ops , two deployments to iraq and another as a civilian to afghanistan .
