  what a helpful reply !, 
  savannah seems so ripe for the burner community , what with a couple of great regionals and such a vibrant artistic community . 
  thing is , i never once encountered a burner locally . 
  i know there are a couple now , those i 've connected with on the playa or online , but when savannah was home i never saw it . 
  i wish i could be there to help spread the word . 
  i need to settle down , moving around so much does n't help when the solution to so much related to the burn is simply to network and work hard within your local community . 
  i check a couple boxes as far as hobbies go , i 'll have to think about transferring motorcycles and gameification to the playa . 
  i see you 're into sailing too , that interest led me to contact the monaco . 
  i 'm hoping to catch them on the playa this year to make that connection . 
  and yet we lack the political will to create such a system in the us . 
  all arguments against it are trumped in my mind when you consider our staggering defense budget and the simple necessity of creating a sustainable system of transport alternative to the personal auto . 
  it 's a matter of priorities and forward thinking . 
  it 's shameful to me that we ca n't do what europe , now china have done . 
  exactly . 
  it 's nonsense to say we can not afford what amounts to an * investment * in our nation when we can so readily stomach endless war . 
  priorities . 
  we need to keep talking about them , questioning the status quo . 
  maybe one day we 'll catch up . 
  i 'll settle for less behind . 
  hey you !, 
  with the baseless excuse !, 
  please tell me more about why we ca n't do what the rest of the developed world can . 
  so because others have n't , we should n't ? 
  i want more for my home , better for my home . 
  i 've lived where it has worked elsewhere and i refuse to accept that we for whatever reason ` can not ' . 
  would you rather we never move forward or do you just enjoy being sarcastic and snarky online when someone suggests progress ? 
  i get the exact same feeling . 
  as open and as often as i discuss politics with friends , online , at work , i have met only one who remains a hillary supporter . 
  there were others , sure , but as this campaign has progressed , as more information has come to light , as we have talked , they have come around . 
  that said , i know trump supporters , kasich and rubio supporters as well as generally frustrated and despondent conservatives . 
  i do n't exist in some echo chamber and yet i hear so little of support for hillary anywhere . 
  it just baffles the mind . 
  the troubles that have come with islam be it via issues with integration or recent immigration have not been addressed reasonably by mainstream parties . 
  in fact , most do not seem to be willing to even call the problem what it is . 
  is it any surprise then that voters would flock to the bloc willing to state plain truth ? 
  i 've feared for years that the pendulum would swing to the right because of politicians too wrapped up in political correctness or diversity dogma to admit the problem brooding under their watch . 
  further , the stigmatization of anyone who would suggest islam or immigration was the problem is immediately a bigot or a racist has prevented what could have been years of productive dialogue . 
  i hope the center comes to its senses before , well , literal nazis are elected . 
  this reminds me so much of the paranoia that gripped isi ( predecessor to isis/isil ) in 2009-10 as targeting shredded their leadership , particularly finances and attack planning . 
  each capture beget another , each breakthrough more captures , a glorious cycle which kept the enemy off balance and barely functioning . 
  they mistrusted one another , convinced there was a mole . 
  in some cases there was , in some cases their was n't . 
  it got to the point where the enemy would n't even know who had replaced the previous _______ emir , who had been killed or captured , before we killed or captured his replacement . 
  this is what 's happening to isis now . 
  there is no omaha beach in this war and there will be no liberation of paris or capture of berlin . 
  but militarily , they are being ground to dust . 
  the idea that bred them and their predecessors however , will remain . 
  that is the real challenge . 
  i fly between the middle east and us quite often , personal travels have taken me in most other directions . 
  our ( us ) carriers are garbage compared to the standards they themselves once set and others have matched . 
  considering their record profits , there is no excuse . 
  what ? 
  since when have flight crews cared about what you bring on so long as it came from the terminal ? 
  i almost always carry something aboard the short flights . 
  never knew . 
  trust me i 'm not !, 
  looking forward to the day you two get tickets . 
  i was thinking the same . 
  we can get back to it hopefully . 
  place and aesthetics matter . 
  i lived in munich three years growing up before moving back to the states . 
  it 's effected my view on the world so much in terms of what standards we should have in the us that we simply do n't . 
  there is much to be proud of and much to be grateful for . 
  keep working to maintain it !, 
  i 'll work on catching us up !, 
  i think a larger part of it is the simple fact that businesses have evolved and become more efficient at extracting the greatest profit possible from each product . 
  why spend more time on embellishments which require expertise and quality materials when prefabbed options are just as likely to sell ? 
  but it falls on the consumer as well . 
  had we not chosen the mcmansion for seventy plus years , entire subsets of talent and craftsmanship might still flourish and through their availability , be more accessible/affordable to your average family . 
  fair . 
  in my hometown , there is a former steel magnates house filled to the brim with antique furniture of all period . 
  you can run your hands across a desk someone wrote letters on when the us was at war with mexico touch the railings of a bed frame made in gilded age . 
  it 's always astonished me the quality , not just in the artistic flourishes , but the quality of construction and enduring functionality . 
  sure , these were pieces meant for the wealthy then , but even from the more expensive sellers nowadays ( think restoration hardware ) you can find nothing near the quality for what would have been a similar price point . 
  we 've lost so much in terms of human ability , mastery and craft . 
  it 's something we surrendered in preference to the cheap and mass produced . 
  as for the press molding . 
  ok , it 's easier now . 
  so why do we see so little variation ? 
  should n't quality be more accessible than ever ? 
  this is stunning . 
  it seems most of america 's most beautiful buildings were , well , financial institutions . 
  remember , the us once had public institutions in place to provide care for these citizens . 
  institutions which were dismantled under reagan with the logic that these individuals would self medicate . 
  time has proven that more than wrong . 
  much easier handled when your family is super well off . 
  it 's nothing groundbreaking and wo n't get much attention here , but these stories need to be shared anyhow . 
  of course there 's a waffle house in the background . 
  there is a place right off dean forest rd. 
  rocking m ranch maybe ? 
  thank you so much, 
   the rain shadow, 
  that term alone is a great help . 
  you 've given me much more than i had to work with . 
  outstanding video !, 
  i 've taken a go pro on a nepal trek and on the mae hong son loop by motorbike before but never got as much usable footage as i 'd like . 
  how did you go about filming so much ? 
  batteries ? 
  memory ? 
  did you just leave it on ?
