  take care and keep your head down you amazing , faking , geardo prick . 
  i am still struggling getting the required mods for most servers , but i will say that the invasion 1944 and unsung mods are top notch . 
  unsung is n't as polished as i :44 but they both offer a massive set of units and maps basically giving you two new games set in western europe ww2 and vietnam . 
  i 'll probably be staying near karlsplatz oder gartnerplatz . 
  i 'm hoping to find a decent place to stay near old town on airbnb but if not i 'll make do . 
  check your pm 's !, 
  i may rent a car and meet a friend in regensburg and i 'd like to show the gal rothenburg ob der tauber . 
  so maybe !, 
  i 'm nuts about the belstaff jackets , i 'm in a place where i can have a leather knock off made , i 'm just hesistant that the leather used here would be anywhere near the quality used by belstaff . 
  i ca n't see myself paying that much for a jacket i 'd have to order blindly though . 
  `` power ranger thing '' i like it !, 
  power ranger or not though , would you wear a regular leather jacket or look for one with padding ? 
  well that 's good to know , i 'll be in munich in a couple of weeks , i 'll poke around online but do you know of any nearby stores ? 
  i like the look of this stuff so far , thanks !, 
  thanks for the suggestions , do you have any pics of your gear ? 
  read the post again . 
  i know there is plenty out there , i 'm all about personal reviews though and i was hoping to see more pics . 
  most of what 's out there seems like it would wear boxy . 
  i wanted to see how things fit . 
  searching reddit brings up plenty of threads with guys posting their protective gear , but the majority of riders in these threads are touring/sports bike types . 
  something with pictures of gear fits the protective bill and goes with the cruiser style was n't around . 
  great !, 
  that is right up our lane , i 'll defenitely make an effort to go . 
  pussers and a nearby sports bar are the only `` pubs '' i 've been to in munich , most of my drinking was done in the biergartens . 
  hofbrauhaus radler has a special place in my heart . 
  hofbraukeller is good for me , do any of you redditors already know each other ? 
  looks like there are a few of us good to go then , care to join earth_search and m1hous3 at the hofbraukeller ? 
  i would n't have expected it , but it does n't even look that out of place . 
  it looks sharp . 
  edit : nice bike !, 
  puts things into perspective talking about a skating accident ... thanks for all the info too, 
  if i was cool enough to roll around like a spaceman , i just might attach a few old tv antennaes to my silver helmet in hopes of looking like sputnik ... just saying, 
  again , read the post again . 
  i know there is plenty out there , i 'm all about personal reviews though and i was hoping to see more pics . 
  most of what 's out there seems like it would wear boxy . 
  i wanted to see how things fit . 
  searching reddit brings up plenty of threads with guys posting their protective gear , but the majority of riders in these threads are touring/sports bike types . 
  something with pictures of gear fits the protective bill and goes with the cruiser style was n't around . 
  we 're easy to please , anyone here played kings cup ? 
  not sure exactly which but maybe friday * gasp * the 13th, 
  since politicians are steadily denying climate change . 
  there have been other articles posted of a similar nature , relax . 
  conspiracy how ? 
  you know it really is a pleasure every time i see a post of yours . 
  i feel unfortunate not to have bought you a beer yet . 
  brother you have a lot to learn . 
  i think a deployment will quickly negate the naiviete present in that statement . 
  your presence in uniform does help defend the us to an extent , however it 's a stretch to say the least to state that the current wars have helped defend the us in any way . 
  edit : from an army veteran ... benning is gon na suck this time of year btw, 
  citizen ? 
  what is this starship troopers ? 
  i do n't have any questions for you as i have been where you are . 
  i joined when i was 17 and was as motivated a soldier as you could possibly have . 
  multiple deployments and several years in garrison changed my outlook considerably . 
  i love the army do n't get me wrong and i have known some amazing people because of it , but it is broken and hollow in many respects . 
  you will see good ole boy networks , dirtbag nco 's and a check the box mentality all over the place . 
  either you become part of what makes things broken , you buck the system and fight through the mess to make things better in your own little ways or you get out . 
  if you still have a chance , put in for europe or maybe even a tour to korea as your duty assignments . 
  take the chance to see europe while the army will still pay for it . 
  chances are you 'll get sent to some crappy place in the southeast or middle of nowhere elsewhere if you do n't provide a different station of choice . 
  also , do n't be one of those privates that runs around in uniform belts , shirts or boots after duty hours , buy some damn civilian clothes , not tapout or affliction crap either . 
  you are about to do what most american 's your age probably could n't physically do , and you stand to go farther than many of your current peers . 
  best of luck to you man . 
  thanks , i 'll have to check out a biography on him . 
  but do you put out ? 
  ( possibly the most offensive joke i 've made with someone my grandfathers age ), 
  i 've heard that before , but how on earth did someone link masturbation to calming patients ? 
  wow ... and i thought mcauliffe 's `` nuts '' reply was ballsy . 
  til : cossacks had massive balls, 
  i usually say something similar when i walk into a wal-mart and watch all the fatty fat fatty land whales in their sweatpants , the broad collection of rednecks , nascar fans , ghetto trash and soccer mom hobags mill around the checkouts . 
  nah , i 'm kidding i just want to burn the place down then . 
  til ... 
  arriving in munich tonight , beer tomorrow night ? 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  would you mind sticking with augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe ? 
  how will we recognize each other ? 
  if i can get something to draw on i may make an alien sign , if one of you printed some of those off we could hang them around a tables umbrella . 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  augustiner bierkeller on arnulfstra\u00dfe - thurs 1930, 
  sure , we 'll wait by the left side of the entrance by the lamp post . 
  would you be able to print off a reddit alien so others will see ? 
  i would but since i 'm only traveling through i would n't know where to find a printer . 
  great !, 
  we 're on the way, 
  `` do n't throw toothpicks in the shitter , crabs can pole vault '', 
  the siege of szigetvar : in 1566 a 2300 strong hungarian garrison effectively delayed an ottoman invasion force of up to 300,000 intent on attacking vienna . 
  szigetv\u00e1r was divided into three sections divided by water : the old town , the new town and the castle -- each of which was linked to the next by bridges and to the land by causeways . 
  when the ottoman army approached , the hungarians lowered red banners across the walls as if beginning festivities and greeted the army with a single cannon shot . 
  fighting to take each island was costly to the ottomans and the siege lasted over a month , each island being defended fiercely during which disease ran through the ottoman camps and ottoman emperor suleiman the magnificent died . 
  the ottomans offered the hungarian defender count nikola zrinksi leadership of all of croatia as an ottoman vassal , which he ignored and continued to fight . 
  after extensive bombardment and before the castle could be assaulted , zrinski and some 600 survivors swung open the gates , fired a massive mortar loaded with shrapnel at the attackers , killing some 600 . 
  following the shot the hungarians charged into the fray . 
  zirinski , swinging his father 's sword , shouted `` let us go out from this burning place into the open and stand up to our enemies . 
  who dies -- he will be with god . 
  who dies not -- his name will be honored .
