  you could n't be more wrong . 
  j-so what would you call these loons then ? 
  bible thumpers ? 
  why defend them anyway ? 
  they are a `` batch of ____ christians '' right ? 
  would you just prefer me call them wrong ? 
  all i 'm implying is that yet another sect , is wrong in their beliefs , yet again . 
  i would like nothing more than to laugh in that pastors face ... but he 's the last one laughing with the millions of dollars he 's raised from his farce . 
  b-i would call them loons . 
  not evangelicals ( that 's an actual denomination ) , not even bible thumpers : 90 % of what their doctrine is based on is n't even in the bible ... it 's all off their `` logical '' if this , then that type theories . 
  only they 're not philosophers , they 're backwoods false prophets ( actually how the bible addresses those who do n't know what the hell they 're talking about yet claim their religiosity will save the world ) who could n't come to a logical conclusion if the salvation of the world depended on it ( obviously ) . 
  `` logic '' is an attribute these people should not be able to claim . 
  `` christian '' is a term which implies your beliefs are based on faith in jesus christ . 
  if you read these people 's crap , it has nothing to do with that . 
  these people are the opposite of christian . 
  j-these backwoods loons becca run a multi-million dollar mission out of california able to spread word throughout the world physically and over a radio station broadcasting in 61 languages . 
  they have bill boards in nyc , la , dubai , china , etc. 
  this is not a backwater operation . 
  and as obviously wrong as this prophet is , how to you explain the gullibility of his thousands of followers ? 
  did all of them just forget to read their bible before they forked over their life savings ? 
  b-people will do a hell of a lot if they 're scared for their lives , josh , even more if they 're scared for their souls . 
  these people know that and capitalized on it . 
  still , they spew lies and should not be associated with christianity . 
  this is everything about religion that is wrong . 
  this has nothing do with christ . 
  bottom line : if these people do n't preach , above and more loudly than all else , that christ came to save , they are not christians . 
  they are a farce , and should be dealt with as such . 
  j-you just described what is so wrong with organized religion . 
  you went a step further though . 
  these people considers themselves christians , wholeheartedly , who are you to tell them they have nothing to do with christ ? 
  considering they are anything but retarded , christ has a lot to do with this and their mistaken belief system . 
  and they did preach `` above and more loudly '' loud enough for the whole world to hear . 
  loud enough for the whole world to laugh at religion again . 
  b-1 ) it does n't matter what they consider themselves , it matters what they preach . 
  2 ) they do n't preach jesus , they do n't preach christ , they do n't preach salvation . 
  they preach may 21st . 
  3 ) the bible says that no man knows the day nor the hour and that anyone who preaches otherwise is a false prophet . 
  4 ) just because they preach `` above and more loudly '' than everyone else does not make what they preach christian/biblical . 
  if 99 % of christians the world over tell you this is a farce ( and they do ) , it 's a safe bet these squeaky wheels are far from representing christianity as a whole . 
  do n't judge the whole of christianity based off the most ridiculous , non-christian scenario . 
  this has been your logical flaw inthis particular argument for as long as i 've known you . 
  j-seems the lies these people told hit close to home for you to feel the need to defend christianity this strongly . 
  funny how christianity represents itself with the `` most ridiculous , non-christian '' scenarios so many times over . 
  b-if there 's one person in the world who i 'd like to not believe this crap is christianity , josh , it 's you . 
  that 's why i fight against this so strongly . 
  also , christianity would have to be present in this may 21st crap to be representing itself here . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  really , what you see is someone trying to scare christians into giving them millions of dollars . 
  what you 've witnessed is fraud , extortion , and no more legitimately christian than indulgences in the 16th century . 
  j-your so close to the truth here , but so minimizing in the presence of christianity here . 
  one , the people behind this lie claim to be christians , the book used to justify it , christian , the followers , christians , every bit of how they define their belief , christian . 
  you , can not separate them from what they clearly define themselves as . 
  what you can do is look at them and what they claim , as well as why they claim it . 
  their pastor is just one of millions of pulpit liars , and they are but a few of the billions of ignorant and deceived . 
  b-josh , if i believe i 'm a fucking mexican , eat tacos , and shit refried beans , does it make me mexican ? 
  hell no . 
  it takes more than that to make something true . 
  there are millions , possibly billions of christians out there who will tell you this stuff is far removed from christianity . 
  question is : who are you going to believe ? 
  the general population of christianity or one comparably small group of frauds ? 
  j-how about i believe in knowledge , logic and science . 
  not superstition , lies and scare tactics . 
  where it not for the false rapture prophecy of this church , i bet you would identify with/agree with 90 percent of their `` teachings '' . 
  funny how christians are so ready to denounce others whose fairy tale differs but a little from their own . 
  maybe it 's because you realize just how feeble a story the whole thing is . 
  dad , this is a conversation i would like to have , though i would prefer direct dialogue to email . 
  what was an issue with congregation/pastor hypocrisy and thinly veiled fear mongering in order to collect funds led me in a search for a legitimate church with decent people who truly believed in what they preached . 
  i found that , and then slowly found out how off the rocker those people were . 
  a year of reading on my own has opened the door to questions and lines of thought long repressed by whatever subconscious blocks were set in place when i was gabe 's ( my now 7 year old brother ) age . 
  an age when an impressionable mind has no capacity to judge and determine a belief system , but only receive one . 
  the questions that have come up have been met with logical answers , but not from anyone in the religious camp . 
  i have pursued discussion on a number of issues with ardent believers only to find them without answers and shrugging again and again . 
  the glaring logical gaps and pitfalls presented by mankind 's gained knowledge seem to be ignored by most of the faithful . 
  i find it appropriate that congregations are compared to sheep as they are , as blind and content they are . 
  i will not prescribe to a belief out of fear . 
  i will not feign belief . 
  i have presented my concerns with plenty of people , including some who believe and will pray , i do believe that if there is something out there , i will come to know it . 
  in the mean time , i have plenty of questions that need to be answered . 
  as for you , you 're flat out the smartest person i 've ever known , you no doubt have had similar questions come up , and i am curious what happened . 
  how you can subscribe to the bogus dogma of young earth creationism shocks me . 
  i do n't know what to say to daphne after she told me the world was likely 6 thousand years old . 
  as an educator ( she is a teacher ) and someone i respect ... . it caught me off guard . 
  just in case she is n't aware ... . 
  `` the scientific consensus , supported by a 2006 statement by 68 national and international science academies , is that it is evidence-based fact that the universe has existed for around 15 billion years , that the earth was formed about 4.5 billion years ago with life appearing at least 2.5 billion years ago . 
  scientific evidence has never contradicted these facts which have been established by observations and experimental results derived independently from many scientific disciplines including cosmology , geology , evolutionary biology and paleontology . 
  although many young earth creationists ( yecs ) are active in the development of creation science , an endeavor that holds that the events associated with supernatural creation can be evidenced and modeled through an interpretation of the scientific method , creation science has been judged unscientific in both conception and methodology ... '', 
  theistic evolution i can come to terms with , but yec ... ... 
  so where do we go from here ? 
  ** part three **, 
  from : daddy derp &lt;daddyderp@derphoo.com&gt;, 
  to : josh derp &lt;joshderp@derpmail.com&gt;, 
  sent : thu , june 2 , 2011 5:33:22 pm, 
  subject : re : faith and intellect, 
  josh - thank you for replying ; you are right that this is a discussion best had in person rather than via electrons - but it is what it is . 
  you are my first-born son and i will always love you no matter what direction you take in life . 
  i would like to know that you have settled an eternal destination also - but understand that is a choice you will have to make if you have not already . 
  another way to put it - you are going to pick a team and wear a jersey in this life , whether you know it or not . 
  the choices are m for archangel michael and l for lucifer . 
  the default option ( for those who wo n't or ca n't choose ) is l. 
  thanks for cutting and pasting your conversation with becca - facebook is blocked for us so i can not `` see '' or read it .
