  all tickets are already in other people 's carts . 
  hold tight , there is still a chance tickets may become available . 
  if ticket buyers ahead of you do not complete their purchase , those tickets will be released for sale . 
  cool map , but i really ca n't stand this guy . 
  he lost me when he did n't know which way was north . 
  bruh ,, 
  i want to down vote you because that 's absolutely no help . 
  but i ca n't because i feel like this is something a friend would say . 
  i award you no internet points , but i wish you to carry on as you are . 
  maybe just a keychain ? 
  prior service here . 
  i really could use a copy of my asvab scores for a school program . 
  might you all have access to such things ? 
  nope , would just help me get into a program i really want since my grades were average . 
  i did n't care about school and fucked off most of the time since i was so certain i wanted to wear a uniform all of my days . 
  i wonder how far back that goes . 
  just had a friend dig around iperms , no standalone of the scores though the afqt score was on my reenlistment papers . 
  it might do for now . 
  but i would much rather have the breakdown of scores like you might see on an sat . 
  i remember having that when i took them back in 05 . 
  also , do i look like a joe ? 
  yessir , that 's what i snagged . 
  it 's supplemental . 
  read up on what happened to hindus and buddhist as islam spread into the indian subcontinent . 
  mass slavery , executions , countless deaths . 
  the `` hindu kush '' mountains in afghanistan are named so for the countless hindus who died in transit to slave markets in the muslim world . 
  absolutely loved that . 
  it 's a shame our generation does n't get to sing together as often as our forebears . 
  i am an american working abroad and i have traveled quite thoroughly through europe , asia and the middle east in the past year alone . 
  i am embarrassed , thoroughly , by our politics . 
  the legacy of bush and the way politics as a whole have shifted right while the quality of discourse has plummeted . 
  we are so far behind and because so few americans get out and see what it 's like elsewhere , they will never know . 
  i wish i could speak with other travelers and share ideas , learn from them and just in general bs . 
  but more often then not , at some point , i have to explain trump , or young earth creationism , or anti-gay sentiment , or our lack of rail/alternatives to cars , our militarism ... 
  i 'm tired of it . 
  some of us want things to be better . 
  but man do we have a lot to work against . 
  do i need to list off all the things that are wonderful about my home to appease you ? 
  i commented in line with the point op made . 
  it matches my experience and it matters that again and again i witness how we are getting fleeced in the us . 
  ** i want better for my home , for my neighbor , for the kids i will one day have . 
  i have seen better and i want others to know that it is possible for us too . 
   healthcare , prisons , drug war , police brutality , etc. ... that stuff might actually be worth a conversation . 
  completely right , and i should have mentioned it in my first comment , but honestly where would i stop ? 
  we did n't even touch on climate or guns or childhood poverty or inequality or ... . trust me , there 's been plenty of talk on those topics as well . 
  on cars : your condescension aside , the argument that we are just to big is patently false . 
  we have over 70 years of auto-centric growth . 
  70 years of suburbia and a whole cartload of planning blunders from gutting urban neighborhoods for highways to underfunding railroads or ripping up street cars . 
  we consciously moved away from public transport , we were marketed an american dream that we are now realizing might be unsustainable , is hugely wasteful and socially , culturally cancerous . 
  had our priorities been different , we might still have operating rail links between towns and regional cities . 
  we might now have high speed rail connecting the hubs and we might even have more walkable , sustainable and vibrant neighborhoods than we have rings of suburbs . 
  lgbt : are you paying attention to the bills coming through nc and ga this week ? 
  i do n't care what russia or others who are behind are doing . 
  we should be moving forward . 
  religon/yec : i mention yec because this is one of the most poignant and gross examples of * politicized * religion undermining common sense and reality . 
  it is 2016 , we should be past this point , others are . 
  it 's not just one issue , it 's the fact that socially and politically we are downright backward as far as oecd/legacy first world/developed countries go . 
  on so many issues !, 
  i am an oif/oef veteran ( which means shit all but gets the point across that i have given what i could out of naive devotion to country ) and yet i have been told to fuck off to some other country when i lament the absence of say , universal healthcare or high speed rail . 
  i 've been told to fucking move because i want my home to be better ... that kind of attitude is quite prevalent back home and it 's holding us back . 
  your defensiveness is a reflection of that attitude . 
  ** we can do better . 
  we deserve better . 
  noting that is a step towards something better , not some form of self-hate as you say . 
  what do you think ? 
  do you disagree with these points ? 
  just reflexively defensive ? 
  bums me out that this was downvoted ... this was the comment this thread needed , not the comment it deserves . 
  you mean before the fire yeah ? 
  before moon river was moon river ? 
  that basement was creepy enough for me . 
  also op : go walking . 
  cobblestone tours does well . 
  heartbreaking that this was torn down . 
  as lucky as savannah is to have kept so much of its character ; it has lost much as well . 
   will this documentary convey any of this to my family ? 
  some of it . 
  much of it . 
  the frustration of it all . 
  some of the good , the bonding . 
  they might get a better feel for army culture but no , it wo n't go as far as you might hope . 
  it does n't touch the reality of an urban insurgency , of vbieds in markets and so on . 
  i spent longer in afghanistan but iraq feels more like ` my ' war because of the weight of those memories , some of which you share . 
  i have n't seen anything that tells that story . 
  i hope you find your peace friend . 
  savannah , ga : tourists drive incredibly slow gawking at everything downtown . 
  park the car and do it for petes sake . 
  those same gawkers have almost killed me on my motorcycle at least a dozen times , just not paying attention . 
  the worst ones always have florida plates . 
  ** submission statement : ** islamic fundamentalism , islam , is the root of widespread violence we see around the world . 
  as a progressive with a decade of experience in the middle east , this truth is inescapable to me . 
  however , the center and left of both europeans and north american politics seem to make every effort to deny the correlation . 
  a disservice to any sort of reasoned solution and simultaneously , providing an engine for far right groups to garner support from citizens fed up with the double-speak . 
   our failure to recognize this as a civilizational struggle -- one centered around values -- has allowed the fundamentalist problem of wahhabism , and the political problem of islamism , to fester and metastasize . 
  this struggle is an ideological one before it is a military or legal one . 
  vague platitudes that this has nothing to do with islam -- my own religion -- are as unhelpful as saying that this is the essence of islam . 
  extremism certainly has something to do with islam . 
  not nothing , not everything , but something . 
   they are all -- including isis -- derived from , or affiliated to just two jihadist groupings : al qaeda and the taliban . 
  in turn , jihadists all drink from the same doctrinal well of widespread , rigid wahhabism .
