  it took meeting and falling for someone else to pull myself out of the rut , i am hoping it wo n't take that again this time . 
  thrift stores/secondhand shops hold a lot of good memories for me . 
  i had lots of toys , lots of banged up , second hand , odds and ins but man did i have a blast with them . 
  pee on a plate , freeze it , slide piss disk under his door while they are away . 
  saw this done in an army barracks and heard the guys reaction when he unlocked his room and found a puddle of piss in the middle of the tile floor . 
  this sounds like what happened with my first heartbreak . 
  however , i was also watching her life get crappier due to traits i always overlooked and simultaneously watching my own get better . 
  i feel like i dodged a bullet now and occasionally view her with a bit of disgust . 
  some change . 
  i 'm tired of working abroad , i miss savannah , i just wish there were more professional work in town . 
  near ten years in the intelligence community , both in and out of uniform . 
  i thought that might transfer well somewhere in gulfstream , at the port , one of the papers even . 
  i had no such luck though . 
  peripheral skills that have certificates attached ? 
  i 've managed the production of a twelve man team , represented a unique dataset to dozens of organizations , briefing them on our capabilities and tailoring our efforts to support others as we could . 
  i 've produced products and conducted briefings which effected real change . 
  i 've operated independently , being left to develop targets and direct collection on my own , also being on my own in convincing commanders to remove said targets and how best to do it . 
  i know my strengths and weaknesses now , know what i can handle . 
  i thought my strengths would be best suited to business or to journalism . 
  i could n't get my foot in the door without a degree though . 
  i understand to a degree , but it 's maddening to have done so well in such a demanding field only to have near to no option but that field without earning a degree elsewhere . 
  i 'm working on that now . 
  service industry ? 
  never again . 
  i 'm not yet , aiming to study in london . 
  international development , international business . 
  i 'll hope to come back to savannah at some point . 
  it 's frustrating loving that city , wishing to make it home yet being unable to in the meantime . 
  edit : now my bidness all up in reddit, 
  ` whilst ' , this guy checks out . 
  living downtown , the majority of people i know would be considered center or left . 
  the majority of people i interact with ? 
  maybe not . 
  i 'm very progressive myself and find plenty of others who share my views , be they vocal about it or not . 
  there is a ` drinking liberally ' club that meets up regularly and the civic center was filled to the brim with sanders supporters just a few weeks ago . 
  make the move , it 's a wonderful place for all its imperfections . 
  you could be part of what makes it even better . 
  excellent comment . 
  i have one issue to raise , that is with the language here :, 
   in 2003 , we `` acted without thinking '' again , and our government dumped enormous resources in attacking iraq , and look what came out of that . 
  no , we did not act without thinking . 
  we were carefully deceived , lied to and led consciously into another ground war . 
  i want people to call it what it is , do not legitimize them any further . 
  source : disgruntled oif/oef veteran and former member of the intelligence community . 
  and you received upvotes for this ? 
  seriously ? 
  it 's been awhile ... love you guys, 
  it 's at 340 bull st in the old arsenal , across from the gryphon tea room . 
  incredible work in there , thing is , it 's not cheap . 
  i 'm really surprised there is n't a better organized , student approach to selling work . 
  i do n't think most focus on it as a possibility really . 
  it really is incredible how much information is out there . 
  the survival guide and the principles should form your foundation . 
  you 'll be able to ask better questions after reading them . 
  thing is , tens of thousands have probably asked the same question and discussed options somewhere , this community here is a wonderful resource . 
  two years running i think , this subreddit has had focused , weekly threads preceding the burn going in depth into everything from how to handle water waste to how to handle relationships at the burn . 
  the basics are covered and then some . 
  keep poking around , you have time . 
  if and when you feel you 've found a pitfall , ask a friend in the community , connect with others in the community and if you still feel a discussion is in order , start another thread . 
  the only thing you asked that wo n't be covered by what i and others have mentioned might be your 5th question . 
  remember , you pack out what you pack in . 
  that means if you find yourself with bins of uneaten food or 12 backs of warm and full beer cans , you now need to carry all of that out . 
  do n't overthink it , try not to overpack . 
  we had way too much water/food/drink at our camp and i for one would have been plenty comfortable with more spartan menus , which would , in turn , have made the going much simpler , much easier . 
  i am not in the picture , but really sharp observation about the sikh gentleman . 
  i ca n't say who he was , but most of us would n't even know that term . 
  i only know it means a man of importance , a leader . 
  nailed it . 
  i did not expect people to so readily know the emirate flag . 
  i thought the sikh man , the waterway , the boats in the background and the arabic script on the water taxi might lead to some conflicting thoughts . 
  how did you know exactly where ? 
  mods , please let me know if this type of post is not desirable . 
  i 'd like to inspire similar posts that get users thinking about differences in regions , cultures , cities and so on . 
  though they may only select certain ques to point out an answer from their own perspective , they will nonetheless begin to see what makes places notably unique outside of what they already know . 
  can not recommend fjallraven highly enough . 
  i 've trekked in nepal wearing their clothing and was impressed the whole way . 
  quality , fit , design is top notch . 
  the fjallraven vidda pro trousers might be the best pants i 've ever owned , period . 
  i 'd wear them daily if i could . 
  shoes , i 'd recommend merrel , i wear them daily on assignment overseas and have trekked in them as well . 
  i wore a fleece/hoodie and outer shell by fjallraven . 
  i waxed the shell to make it waterproof . 
  for a simpler option , it 's hard to go wrong with a lightweight northface shell though . 
  rei , prana and triple aught design are brands worth exploring . 
  i 'd recommend a merino wool base layer of some sort . 
  i 'm a huge fan of the stoic brand , best value in my opinion . 
  last edit : darn tough socks , buy them . 
  lifetime warranty on socks , seriously , they mean business and make a product to reflect that . 
  i laughed too hard at this . 
  gone to that ihop a time or two late at night . 
  never felt comfortable there on the weekends , large and loud groups of thugs . 
  they are why i stopped being willing to join friends there for late night grub . 
  not in the least surprised this happened . 
  this . 
  i 'm at bagram and there was no blackout like there used to be in iraq . 
  i really hope word did n't leak to families before they could be notified . 
  if only a store besides dollar general could get with this, 
  sweet nan bread seems to have made it back to the states . 
  fucking godawful ` tacticool ' culture . 
  i did n't even know they were doing this !,
