  ok , so foma is a thing , but what do they call post-event foma ? 
  have you found any pictures of this ? 
  had no idea there was a term for this , thanks for sharing, 
  thank you, 
  i did n't make any conscious effort to feel a certain way about things , but a sort of warmth , satisfaction maybe came over me as it all wound down . 
  it was a joy , a privilege to be there and i felt gratitude . 
  the man and the temple burned sure , but they had each twisted buttons and knobs in my heart as they went . 
  it was as it should be . 
  if only it had been easier to give beer away to you dusty freaks . 
  well , waiting for them somewhere near the trash fence as if i 'd shot out from 5:00 . 
  had to be there early for a good spot !, 
  thank you , they are mine . 
  it was tuesday night and i followed the arc of he esplanade out into deeep playa . 
  aimed for darkess until i hit the trash fence then aimed for one shiny thing or another . 
  i was trying to get a clear picture of it all , all the lights just waiting on the horizon , the flashes of fire and lasers . 
  i ca n't capture it , but i 'm sure you can hear the pulse of the music just from the image . 
  i snapped three pics , put the camera away and then looked when i got back to camp . 
  this is what came of it . 
  connect savannah, 
  do savannah, 
  kind of hard to miss if you 've ever walked downtown, 
  how does the ksa 's break even oil price go from [ 38.70 in 2006 ] ( http://knoema.com/vyronoe/cost-of-oil-production-by-country ) to 106.00 in 2015 ? 
  my thought was that the infrastructure was in place and sweet crude flowed with relative ease in sa . 
  meanwhile , shale and north sea competitors were floating in the hundred dollar per bbl range in order to see any profit . 
  am i mistaken in thinking that ksa production increases are partly to blame for the drop in prices ? 
  increases willfully made in spite of the temporary effect on kingdom coffers in an effort to undermine russian profits , discourage investment in iran and dissuade the opening of new wells in the west ? 
  i 'm posting from north of kabul , i was in the annapurna region of nepal during the may 12 earthquake and was really struck by how long this quake lasted . 
  nepal felt much more violent , up and down whereas this quake seemed to be more swaying and sloshing . 
  then again , i was in the woods on a mountain last time and i was in a wide valley this time . 
  no worries on the base here , but i worry about the afghans in the surrounding mountains . 
  ** edit : ** it 's worth noting that the center was n't far from kunduz , the provincial capital taken by the taliban just a few weeks back then retaken by ansf shortly after . 
  can expect even less than usual in terms of government/coordinated response because of the contested nature of the area . 
  so much incredible history , so many great minds to pull inspiration from . 
  if anyone is n't familiar with it , look up the bonfire of the vanities/the rise and fall of girolamo savonarola . 
  maybe a bit dark for the burn , but a lesson could be pulled from it no doubt . 
  trekking can be very inexpensive if not outright cheap in nepal . 
  you can expect to have multiple offers for guides pushed on you at shops , guest houses and everywhere in between . 
  my guide became a friend and i got to know his family , friends and even went out of his way to find me a home to stay in when i went back to kathmandu . 
  even so , i feel i did not get the solitude i wanted , therefore , not quite the experience i wanted . 
  on that , it all depends on what you are looking for . 
  if you are confident in your ability to navigate and not pressed for time , then go it alone . 
  if you would prefer the security a guide offers , go for it , the guide and his entire family will eat because of your business . 
  that said , you can find much better prices * there * instead of online . 
  make sure your route is not prone to landslides or avalanches with the snowfall . 
  do n't be afraid to rent equipment there . 
  eat what they eat , dal bhat and gurung bread can keep you going for next to nothing . 
  nepal is wonderful , i imagine year round . 
  enjoy yourself !, 
  this is my favorite !, 
  i like to press down on her waist or arms depending on the feel of the moment , sometimes a bit of pressure on the neck . 
  it 's a position with lots of control for both partners where the intensity , intimacy and pace can be manipulated to fit any mood . 
  this person is correct in recognition of the correctness of the above post . 
  i feel similar , which is why i took no pictures . 
  this message was one of affirmation that really pulled at my heartstrings , it seemed more for readers , for all of us . 
  even feeling as i do about pictures in the temple , i really wish i had captured that piece somehow . 
  i suppose it echoes so much of beauty that burns on the playa . 
  you only have it for a finite time and that is as it should be . 
  have you shared it anywhere ? 
  i came here looking for this very poem , had no idea i 'd find it on reddit of all places . 
  i 'd love to see it . 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  i 'm near certain this is it . 
  thank you so much for sharing , it 's a crazy small world . 
  / u/samatawatafasa , thank you for putting this to paper , to pixel , to plywood . 
  you 've presented the world a gift . 
  wow , and you were downvoted for that ... 
  no , you just force them to pay a heavy tax for being a non-muslim , force them to surrender their children and limit the businesses/houses of worship they can have . 
  really neighborly stuff . 
  and what did the ottoman empire evolve from ? 
  i 'm asking because we both - i assume - know the answer . 
  but by all means , i 'll hear what you have to say . 
  i 'm going to suspect that it does n't jive with my understanding of history and experience , but i will hear it . 
  i expect pictures . 
  i also really hope its ` asian joe ' rather than a real name . 
  should have aimed for eight for a good rounded number . 
  hey you , you 're awesome . 
  keep on keeping on . 
  why would this * not * be on your resume ? 
  i know this road , planning a moot adventure there in july . 
  when are you going ? 
  what app is this ? 
  and man you 've put in some work, 
  biscuits and gravy - b. matthews eatery, 
  fried chicken - the olde pink house hands down , they only serve it during lunch though . 
  the oph will take care of your shrimp and grits hunt too . 
  while you may get other answers , it 's all a fun debate about which place had the best of whatever , but you will get uniform passion from any self respecting savannian that you should not go to lady and sons . 
  i repeat , do n't waste your time at lady and sons . 
  since you will have time though , check out the gray , cotton & rye , the oph , cha bella , alligator soul ... damn we 've got a lot of good food . 
  this is the best answer ... downtown and then some time in the marshes . 
  better than wall 's ? 
  it 's not , that is the nw corner of bull and broughton . 
  it 's really sad looking at the buildings that stood on that block and the plain red brick brutalist building that replaced them . 
  honestly i have n't tried it , so no need !, 
  so long as you give wall 's and angel 's a try . 
  i like the jabs back and forth between charleston and savannah , but i really resent comments like that coming from visitors/tourists as it just does n't jive with reality . 
  i 'm a transplant won over by savannah and done my share of good eating nyc , dc , sf , london , paris and so on . 
  i am not just trumpeting about the local food because i do n't know what else is out there , i do , and savannah is booming . 
  for its size , the density of fantastic restaurants is astounding . 
  the culture of using local and organic when possible is thriving , creative plays on local classics can be found all over , and if you want tradition , it 's there too . 
  husk is great , but to suggest a visitor should forgo so many options on par with it for a two hour drive with a wait to follow ... nope .
