  with that awareness , willingness to invest would almost certainly follow . 
  with investment , ridership would follow . 
  estimates to blanket the us with a nationwide high speed rail network were in the 400 billion range i believe ... considering we have spent and arguably wasted far more than that on the f-35 program already , it comes down to a matter of national priorities . 
  we could develop first rate infrastructure if we had the political will to do so . 
  but we keep on dumping money into the defense industry instead . 
  this :, 
   `` our highways do n't make a profit . 
  our airports do n't make a profit . 
  it 's all paid for by the government . '', 
  ( together , the highway trust fund and the federal aviation administration receive about 45 times what amtrak does , through subsidies and gas taxes . ), 
  i quoted from the article guy , and after checking numbers , initial estimates for nationwide hsr were 500 - 600 billion . 
  those numbers have fluxed as can be expected for such a large initiative , but that does not take from my point . 
  my point being that our priorities are skewed . 
  tens of trillions is an arbitrary number and your tone is needlessly hostile . 
  i have lived all over the us and europe but most recently called savannah , ga home . 
  savannah itself is a beautiful and walkable city with the old train station dumping passengers right into the heart of downtown . 
  however , the current amtrak station is located several miles outside of town in an industrial wasteland only accessible by car . 
  i have tried to take the train from savannah to atlanta , to new york , to dc , and each time have been dismayed by, 
  a ) the length of each trip, 
  b ) the expense , worse than air travel when time is considered, 
  c ) the few trains available . 
  in contrast europeans enjoy local and regional lines which depart from many stations on the hour , every hour . 
  tickets cost less and trips are quicker , more comfortable and more reliable . 
  i would not compare the chunnel to service elsewhere on the continent , the chunnel charges silly rates unless you purchase tickets well in advance , but as another user mentioned , low cost airlines have stepped in to offer customers an alternative . 
  everyone wins when competition can flourish as it has over there . 
  and for those who say we are simply too large ... i say hogwash , our size means we are even better suited for high speed rail between regional hubs with local networks serving cities surrounding those hubs . 
  we already dole out absurd sums of cash to maintain and expand highways - none of which generate a profit . 
  in terms of convenience , jobs created , sustainability and economy i do n't know how anyone can shoot down the boon a modern passenger rail network would offer the us . 
  it 's time we catch up with the rest of the world . 
  and as mentioned in the business insider article - much of the reason for that price tag is the terrain in california and the fact that it is true high speed rail that is proposed , a dedicated line traveling above 140mph . 
   the environmental analysis report for the california high-speed rail projects costs of $ 33 billion for 400 miles , while the midwest rail initiative projects costs of $ 7.7 billion for 3,150 miles of moderate-speed rail . 
  that 's $ 82 million per mile for true high-speed rail ( partly because the california project goes through some mountains ) and only $ 2.4 million for moderate-speed rail . 
  read more : http://www.businessinsider.com/the-true-cost-of-a-high-speed-rail-for-the-us-is-more-than-500-billion-2009-5#ixzz3xui67jfc, 
  so prices in ca may not be representative of the us as a whole . 
  nevermind that costs are likely to go down as industry capability shifts to embrace such a plan . 
  my perspective is far from knee jerk , but rather one fostered from years spent around the us and in europe where the differences between public and private transportation access/efficiency/modernity / quality are astounding . 
  this is an excellent read should you have time , then again there is plenty out there to show why we should support a modern rail network in the us - and plenty of knee jerk , shortsighted , politically minded objections to the same . 
  i lived in munich a few years , not sure of your time , but here 's a quick ramble of things to see . 
  aldstadt/old town : assuming you arrive at the train station , head east down shutzenstrasse towards marienplatz . 
  you will pass a beautiful gate , one of several remaining around the original old town . 
  you will pass by the glockenspiel and a wonderful farmers market as well as several of munich 's most beautiful churches , the kids museum , shopping and so on . 
  the original hofbrauhaus , deutsches museum and approaches to the englischergarten are all within walking range of marienplatz . 
  i highly recommend checking out the chinesischer turm ( chinese tower ) in the hofbrau biergarten located in middle of the englischergarten . 
  the walk there will be lovely and you can easily loop back through portions of the park you have n't seen . 
  many of my german friends prefer the augustiner keller for its superb outdoor seating and atmosphere . 
  i have never been to a beirgarten i did n't enjoy though . 
  also , it 's summertime , get yourself a radler or russ . 
  if you are used to living in large cities , it 's really worth checking out the ubahn , it 's just amazing how nice , clean , modern and often beautiful the munich network can be . 
  and if you have time to leave town , just drive south into the countryside , you will pass beautiful lakes , villages , farmland and forests ... bertchesgaden is just a day trip away as are many famous castles and recreation areas . 
  munich is a wonderful city and bavaria may just be one of the most beautiful places on the planet . 
  enjoy !, 
  fox news is for nutters , that much is established ... but no way this can be real ... 
  i just want to second u/queenannechick 's philosophy . 
  i feel like i am going to miss out if i do n't plan yet i hate the idea of being constrained by a strict plan . 
  however , i have been rewarded by going with the flow or answering serendipity 's call so many times that i have adopted more of the latter in my travels . 
  i research all i can , that way when i arrive i know better what my options are but can move with the moment . 
  in addition , i stumble upon places i 've seen or read about - it adds color to destinations , especially where history or the arts are concerned . 
  i can walk past a cathedral or castle and know its relevance without taking the tour . 
  i still never feel satisfied , but that is wanderlust for you . 
  even so , i think i may have come close to finding a balance that you are looking for . 
  good luck !, 
  that 's what i looked up first , but i ca n't seem to find anything with those three cards atop one another . 
  it was as she interpreted it ... and i would agree with it . 
  i am not one to interpret it myself though , in fact if anyone would like to give it a look i 'd happily listen . 
  holy cow ... 
  i 'm a couchsurfing host and have had guests who stayed there before staying with me , funny because before hearing that from them i always assumed it was n't in operation . 
  it 's a large victorian home right next to kroger and a block from forsyth park , i 've just never seen any activity from it . 
  weird . 
  as an american professional looking to study and hopefully emigrate to the eu , these stories frustrate me as i look at how difficult the process already is for anyone outside of the stem fields . 
  i wish more consideration was made to note where migrants are are coming from , who is causing problems , who fails to integrate and so on . 
  otherwise the blanket responses prevent those who might contribute from making a home in the eu . 
  layman here looking for a better understanding ... would n't us investment in the reconstruction of europe/expanded interests worldwide have led to significant return ? 
  how much of the wirtschaftswunder is owed to us efforts ? 
  why does n't anyone do this anymore ? 
  i 've been there a few times and ca n't imagine it . 
  what changed in our society ? 
  i 'm supposed to be there in 12 days ... 
  i am really torn about going now . 
  my plan was focused on the abc trek , but as others have mentioned , are the tea houses still there ? 
  will goods be scarce ? 
  there is no telling what the state of infrastructure is now . 
  i think if i can i will take a day to help with clearing rubble or whatever else might be needed . 
  i only have ten days in nepal otherwise i would offer more . 
  i appreciate the well thought out reply . 
  i have a contact ( part of a relief org ) in the city who will keep me posted as to whether or not i can be of use . 
  in any event i intend to go and carry on with the abc trek if possible . 
  i imagine there wo n't be many others doing the same , but as others have said , the area will be hurting for cash especially now . 
  if i can help in kathmandu i will - if not i will stay out of the way and carry on with the trek . 
  flights have n't been cancelled , we 'll see what happens . 
  maoists ... first i heard they were in the area . 
  by the way , have you any affiliation with the adventurists as in the people who run the rickshaw challenge ? 
  absolutely fantastic . 
  now to just get yourself noticed and starting writing for one of these shows !, 
  i 'm glad you were able to see the first one as relatively sweet and harmless . 
  a lot of gals i know get riled up at * any * sort of comment , calling it all harassment . 
  i think that 's a really black and white way to view the world . 
  human 's are far too complex and silly for that . 
   take an honest look inside yourself and decide how much your trip is about your real ability to help , and how much is about trying to salvage a long term dream that may not come true, 
  i have looked at this long and hard and of course it is a bit of the latter . 
  rationalizing a way to ensure it all continues .
