  1 ) my little green man simply did n't make it through the queue . 
  i suspect i sought favor with the wrong internet god or just did the wrong ticket dance . 
  2 ) i make a really mean platter of sausage and eggs . 
  it 's all in the creamer , heavy cream , lots of it . 
  that and the browning of the sausage before adding the eggs . 
  sausage and eggs , silly gift ideas , picklebacks and as cheesy as it is to say , an open heart and open eyes . 
  3 ) i 'm a huge fan of `` positive graffiti '' if you will . 
  i would install faux brick or concrete walls around the playa with simple messages `` you look nice today '' , `` it 's ok , everyone makes mistakes '' , etc. 
  that or maybe i 'd screen print several passages from kahlil gibran 's the prophet . 
  each poem would be a journey , each line or stanza on a separate , near shear fabric which had to be stepped through to reach the next . 
  a lot of fun could be had with this with natural light or colors after dark . 
  4 ) i ca n't possibly top the micropig in booties , but i can give you oc . 
  i 'm a hasher which means i run drunk through the woods often with people in various states of undress while singing silly songs . 
  we all shut up after [ spotting this fawn though ] ( http://i.imgur.com/t9nraxq.jpg ) . 
  5 ) consider it sworn . 
  friends with lots of redditors in the savannah area , though most are tight lipped about their account names ; i suspect they are n't ready for all their secrets to come to light . 
  then again , i get it , from mine you could figure that i am in pursuit of another double orgasm , care too much about saudi politics and was once in love with an englishwoman . 
  6 ) i am working abroad at the moment , afghanistan actually as an atmospherics/human terrain analyst . 
  through a stroke of luck , my vacation time was just changed to align with burning man . 
  i resumed the hunt and a friend i 'll be camping with just sent me this link . 
  i would be flying from kabul to dubai to vegas to brc and meeting him with a whole mess of rebar and all the fixings needed to make a couple of yurts . 
  the amazon wishlist is ready , the wallet ready to bleed . 
  i have baked in the mojave desert , appreciated the red rocks in the deserts of southern arizona , weathered sandstorms in tikrit and watched the hindu kush mountains wither in the heat of the afghan sun . 
  i have lived in all these deserts because the government told me to ; i want to burn and shiver on the playa of my own volition , in my own pursuit of growth . 
  true , you wo n't find one open this hour , though bars will take care of you . 
  tomorrow check out johnnie ganems over on gaston and habersham . 
  i do n't think i 've ever clicked ` refresh ' on a window as many times as i have here . 
  this ca n't be healthy !, 
  i ca n't stress this enough . 
  so many nepalis depend on visitors to feed their families have been left on uncertain ground with the reduction in tourism . 
  a retired official i spoke with said he believed the loss of tourism revenue would hit the country just as hard - albeit less dramatically - than the earthquake . 
  i have many more pictures to share , i hope to convey that nepal remains a gem and visitors should not shy away because of recent troubles . 
  i ca n't claim to be familiar enough with the symbolism but i do recall hindu and buddhist shrines sharing space in smaller neighborhood squares . 
  i imagine this one was no different . 
   ruined cathedrals in england are almost always a result of ww2 bombing , 
  can that be so ? 
  what caught my attention initially were images of whitbey abbey , which led to bolton , furness and so on . 
  i do n't believe any would have been in areas affected by the blitz . 
  that 's a mistake on my part as well then . 
  i had n't considered the difference . 
  i feel like i 'm missing something . 
  is the sale not yet completely underway ? 
  i added a bunch of things to my wishlist in anticipation of this . 
  so far i see no real discounts . 
  i did this an hour ago on these boots , it worked ... decided to do some more shopping aaaaaand it 's gone . 
  hollow them out , maybe place a tea light inside , would make for a great little camp chillout area . 
  ca n't recommend savannah , ga enough . 
  just big enough , just small enough . 
  loud enough but quiet enough . 
  old southern blood and formality with young bubbling talent with its quirky feel to rival that of portland or asheville . 
  that and flat out the most beautiful , most intimate downtown i 've been to in the us . 
  also , you can walk around with a beer in hand or go to the beach in 20 minutes . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i 'll add these to my burner map and see about visiting them with a pickle back or two . 
  and which facebook page are you talking about ? 
  i had no luck finding brch3, 
  i got the same reply almost verbatim from a harriette i know in portland . 
  they are there - not sure how to find them - they fix bikes i hear - no idea who to contact . 
  clearly this is a troupe of yetis . 
  thanks !, 
  looks like houston has a good number of burning hashers . 
  done !, 
  do you know donkey dildo delight ? 
  his unicorn challenge led to me bleeding from several places a couple of savannah green dresses ago ... 
  i 'm not sure the best way to celebrate here besides running around in circles outside . 
  i think i 'll order some glitter from amazon and toss it around when it arrives ... yes ... this ... 
  thanks just does n't cut it / u/oneburningticket, 
  i 'll be flying all the way from afghanistan to dubai - london - reno/vegas ... if i were home i 'd be happy to spread the love . 
  i can only carry so much and my campmates will have the rest . 
  i 've got a few ideas i ca n't wait to implement and i like the fact that i can bring tidbits of this place there . 
  it is n't all bad and there are treasures in the bazaar here , i 'll be sharing them with the playa thanks to the kindness found here . 
  you know , it was only after i wrote it that i thought so much about it should be changed . 
  i 'm glad the sentiment was shared though . 
  this trip is part of a long and willful drift away from the mentality that dominates the world i find myself employed in . 
  considering how those deserts have shaped me , i have far brighter hopes for this one . 
  i will definitely be there !, 
  and ca n't wait to see what you 've got going on at the camp . 
  a harriette named in my home kennel who found her way to the playa after moving to portland will be there . 
  i swell up with a good bit of joy to be able to hash again , and to do so with old and new friends . 
  i gave my word !, 
  now to find out how/where to print a t-shirt with this deer on it . 
  are you going ? 
  check the hash subreddit or my post history , there are a few folks going . 
  also black rock city h3 has an events page up , make sure you bring a red dress !, 
  will a greeting come first or the firebooze and eggs ? 
  i 'm ok with either honestly . 
  will add to the map !, 
  whose name to i call for ? 
  i 'll second that . 
  jason restivo is the sommelier and gm for girabaldi 's , though he also curated the beverage program at the olde pink house . 
  the man has passion and if you show a sign of knowing your wine , he 'll take excellent care of you . 
  i mean he would anyway , but still . 
  kevin barry 's is a long standing ranger bar ... the use of the phonetic alphabet and lat long could suggest some ritual or drinking game maybe ? 
  that or maybe it still harbors some ira activity . 
  either way , another piece of savannah lore !, 
  i love it . 
  i swear all the businesses on that stretch of mlk have got to be drug fronts ... minus the tattoo joint . 
  i mean , has anyone been in that leather shop ? 
  the general store ? 
  they were selling a chainsaw next to a used gerbil playset .
