  obviously those scholars and leaders do n't hold the sway you suggest they do . 
   your point of view results from being uninformed about the viewpoints of muslims . 
  what news sources do you check regularly ? 
  that comment just irks my nerves . 
  i have spent the past decade working in a position that requires an understanding of the human terrain here ... i recognize that i will never fully grasp it . 
  i have traveled extensively in both developed and undeveloped parts of the middle east and spent four years collectively in either iraq or afghanistan . 
  i have worked alongside muslims of many backgrounds , interviewed dozens of afghans and iraqis , read the steady stream of publications and correspondence outlining the motivation behind aq/isis . 
  politically , i am a liberal , though i sit usually surrounded by conservatives . 
  i say all that because i have no axe to grind against islam , no chip on my shoulder or long nourished bigotry driving my sentiment . 
  i have a realistic world view based on what i have witnessed and read these past years . 
  i have seen the aftermath of a suicide bombing , smelled the burning vehicles and the burning flesh , watched blood pool into a gutter after the bodies were cleared away . 
  i take it personal because this a very real threat to our way of life and our inability to call it what it is remains detrimental to any eventual defeat of this enemy . 
  consider the motivations a western government might have to lie ... now look at isis . 
  they are not trying to win favor from anyone . 
  they are what they are and they want the world to know it . 
  i 'll start by saying no muslim deserves to be treated that way ... i still feel the demonization comes from the actions of your fellows and that is what must be countered . 
   killing coptic christians was not self-defense , and isis does n't argue that it was . 
  no they do n't . 
  but they do reference `` crusaders '' and europe as they prepared to cut the heads off of twenty one bound captives with blades barely larger than your hand . 
  there does n't appear to be much distinction between the west , the christian world , the masses of kuffar/infidel/apostate enemies of islam . 
  what i am saying is that we can make a distinction between copts who sought work in libya and soldiers fighting in afghanistan . 
  they may not though . 
  you think bronze age death cults care for political niceties ? 
  public perception ? 
  forgive me for being general , but fellow muslims . 
  the reason you have received that treatment is the perception fundamentalists have brought upon the religion ( and those small minded bigots who would seize any opportunity to express their bigotry i 'm sure . 
  but that is not the point here . ), 
   malaki 's alienation of iraqi sunnis ? 
  i suggest you give this a read . 
  it 's a crs report on iraqi governance giving a fantastic and non-partisan account of the unraveling of iraqi governance after us withdrawal . 
  bottom line is sunnis were participating in government following the anbar awakening and were slowly alienated by a succession of power grabs/arrests by malaki who seemed bent on removing prominent sunnis from government . 
   no it is not . 
  isis picked up its doctrine from an extremist version of islam , the wahhabi salafi version . 
  then isis made an even more extremist version of wahhabi salifi version . 
  umm , you just echoed my point . 
   hold sway about what ? 
  hold enough sway to keep young muslims from flocking to isis from every corner of the muslim world . 
  i do n't need polls and if i were to pull up polls there are no shortage of pollings showing just how disconnected even western muslims are from modern norms . 
  support of suicide bombings , death for renouncing islam , honor killings , etc etc, 
  the final firefight scene in children of men : one continuous shot across multiple city blocks and up several stories of an apartment block in the middle of a war ... just amazing : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twckoaq7hig, 
  the ending of the fountain . 
  much is owed to clint mansell for composing the soundtrack here : ca n't find clip . 
  the slow motion shot at the end of hotel chevalier :, 
  sorry for potato quality , connectivity is not my friend today . 
  to what end are they working then ? 
  why would you discount their motives ? 
  what gain did they have by burning that pilot alive/behead those copts/throw gays off a building other than to affirm that they mean what they say . 
  why are you making excuses for them ? 
  what happens when they move on israel from that area ? 
  you just are n't making any sense man . 
  yes they practice propaganda , they practice the propaganda of spreading their brand of extremism . 
  they have spelled out their brand of crazy and are following it to the letter . 
  enlighten us then , what is really going on ? 
  you seem to have an axe to grind here ... 
   you complain about putting the blame on the u.s. when things go south but are so generous to heap responsibility on others, 
  just to state it plainly ; i do not agree with our entry into iraq , yes it was on false pretenses , yes the occupation was bungled . 
  however , the us worked hard to establish a government that was inclusive of all iraqi peoples and had higher voter participation of even the sunnis than we have in the us itself . 
  the divide between sunni and shia would have reared it 's head no matter what us forces did and it was iraqi abuses that led to the current sectarian mess there . 
  and you obviously did n't even scan the document i referenced , please , give it a read . 
  not that you would take my word , but it is a very objective and informative piece . 
   oh so you simply lump aq theology and isis doctrine in the same category ?!, 
  as i said , the stance isis holds is an evolution of aq theology . 
  please inform me how i am mistaken in this . 
  also your baseless generalizations about how i view muslims are in poor taste here . 
   wildly ignorant, 
  i think i 'm pretty well grounded in reality here pal . 
  i 'm not sure of your background but again i have been in this world some time and seen enough with my own eyes . 
  but just for the heck of it lets look at a few numbers . 
  * year by year breakdown of muslim support of suicide bombings . 
  highs of 47 % and average of 28 % among polled nations . 
  * informal poll of saudis in august 2014 shows 92 % agree that islamic state ( isis ) `` conforms to the values of islam and islamic law . '', 
  * hurriyet daily news / metropoll ( 2015 ) : 20 % of turks support the slaughter of charlie hebdo staffers and cartoonists . 
  * 12 % support of al qaeda among polled nations . 
  * pew research ( 2011 ) : 8 % of muslims in america believe suicide bombings are often or sometimes justified ( 81 % never ) . 
  28 % of egyptian muslims believe suicide bombings are often or sometimes justified ( 38 % never ) . 
  * pew research ( 2013 ) : only 57 % of muslims worldwide disapprove of al-qaeda . 
  only 51 % disapprove of the taliban . 
  13 % support both groups and 1 in 4 refuse to say . 
  * pew research ( 2010 ) : 84 % of egyptian muslims support the death penalty for leaving islam, 
  86 % of jordanian muslims support the death penalty for leaving islam, 
  30 % of indonesian muslims support the death penalty for leaving islam, 
  76 % of pakistanis support death the penalty for leaving islam, 
  51 % of nigerian muslims support the death penalty for leaving islam, 
  * motivaction survey ( 2014 ) : 80 % of young dutch muslims see nothing wrong with holy war against non-believers . 
  most verbalized support for pro-islamic state fighters . 
  * center for social cohesion : 40 % of british muslim students want sharia, 
  * icm poll : 40 % of british muslims want sharia in the uk, 
  * gfk nop : 28 % of british muslims want britain to be an islamic state, 
  * wenzel strategies ( 2012 ) : 58 % of muslim-americans believe criticism of islam or muhammad is not protected free speech under the first amendment . 
  45 % believe mockers of islam should face criminal charges ( 38 % said they should not ) . 
  12 % of muslim-americans believe blaspheming islam should be punishable by death . 
  43 % of muslim-americans believe people of other faiths have no right to evangelize muslims . 
  32 % of muslims in america believe that sharia should be the supreme law of the land . 
  this is not even digging . 
  are you sure we live in the same world ? 
  i agree with your entire first paragraph ... but their reasons for attracting recruits i feel is a bit different . 
  they are looking to attract as many bodies as they can and so of course they paint themselves as valiant saviors of islam . 
  righteous , content in the struggle , noble in death . 
  but the crux of the message is that this is the true way of islam ... and paradise awaits those who fall . 
  money and power ... no those are n't motivators .
