  * 51:50 ish going to mars ... i think we need to keep pushing the envelope , it inspires us all . 
  * 53:00 oh man corporate tax, 
  * 54:40 ish ... and look who stands for the monied interests ... 
  * 56:00 plus : so many thoughts here ... the response has been measured , occasionally misjudged , but it has been smarter than lunging in with no plan . 
  the authorization of force against isil ... . hopefully we can get things done . 
  * on iran : bravo ... diplomacy has been working and we have a potential ally against sunni extremism in the region , a natural counter-balance to saudi influence ... once again the hawks stay silent . 
  * 1:04 ish and look at the republicans sitting silent on climate change ... this is beyond frustrating . 
  `` and the best scientists in the world are all telling us that our activities are changing the climate '', 
  * 1:06:10 ish he said `` we done '' and looks temporarily enraged at the teleprompter . 
  i do n't know that i 've heard him misspeak before . 
  someone may be getting fired . 
  * 1:08:26 another telling shot of our government ... the denouncement of discrimination against a long list ... and yet there are jeers ... and yet the republicans sit in silent disapproval . 
  * 1:13:10 ish `` from a wedge issue to a story of freedom '' and there is a ways yet to go . 
  again the division is apparent . 
  * 1:15:00 ish so much this, 
  * 1:17:00 why would the republicans sit silent at the mention of ensuring citizens have the right to vote ... 
  * 1:18:30 this is exchange is great !, 
  i wonder which republicans started that clap . 
  * strong finish , now for the rebuttal !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0stihqv6yjq ... 
  * man i hate that i find myself so virulently opposed to republican stances here but how can anyone not be ?? 
  they simply are not for us . 
  bought and paid for , a force of regression and division . 
  * their unwillingness to reach across the aisle has been apparent some time and their display tonight shows where they stand on issues ... against the economic gains , against equality , against better access to healthcare , against diplomacy with iran , against corporate tax reform , against simple science ... where does it stop !, 
  * keystone right off the bat . 
  tax reform sounds like a lot of smoke and mirrors when you think of their typical stance . 
  her whole demeanor has that feel of a politicians 15 second promo during election ... only they seemed fake in 15 seconds , let alone a 20 minute speech . 
  * 19:20 ish `` republicans think tax filing should be easier for you '', 
  why do i feel like she 's talking to a elementary school class ? 
  * 20:00 he just called for action against isil ... he is n't wishing them away . 
  * looking up more on joni ernst thinking `` awesome , first female veteran in the senate '', 
  in 20 years she deployed only once to kuwait ... there has been a lot of war going on in the meantime ... 
  * i want so bad for there to be things to agree on ... but everything is mentioned as either an independent effort or stands in contrast to my values . 
  lots of buzz words and generic statements that seem to me would only appeal to those who do n't pay attention to politics beyond what fox news will spoon feed you . 
  oh i 'm looking forward to that six pack !, 
  thanks for the input on that comment , but really are n't the saudis hurting everyone in the game ? 
  knowing full well they can reap the benefits in the long run and stand immune to any short term loss in profits . 
  edit : i 'm at baf now . 
  miserable patch i tell you . 
  not the glorious/infuriating bastion of garrison life it once was . 
  this is really telling . 
  more people need to see this . 
  you 're missing the point when you call them by their ethnic origins . 
  they are there because of fundamentalist islam . 
  a ) my life is a whole lot cooler than yours, 
  b ) you waited over a year for me to come home and gave me a warm thought to turn almost the whole deployment . 
  i thank you for that . 
  i thank you for showing me so much of what i want in a partner , i thank you for being so uniquely you . 
  but you have to learn to face trying times and work through them . 
  you are unhappy now and will continue to be as long as you run from conflict wherever you encounter it in life . 
  you deserve better than that . 
  on a less positive note , you turned your back on me during the hardest part of that tour . 
  no one deserves to see what i saw and you are cruel to say i was . 
  i hope you know how much that hurt . 
  i hope you know how much you fucked me up , how hard it was to move on , i hurt others in the time since , trying as hard as i could to go through the motions and be with someone else . 
  i hate that you were able to damage me . 
  i alternate between pity , disgust and frustration when i think of you now . 
  you have gone downhill even looking at it objectively . 
  i know what it really means to love because of you . 
  part of me will always bleed because of it . 
  two exes ... batting a thousand right ? 
  we had the jenny story , now this story is what reddit needs . 
  i heart this post . 
  this is the story of my father . 
  i grew up with fox news on all day as background or with him intently watching it into the night . 
  when i left home in 05 he was very conservative , but level . 
  now , he spits venom whenever opposing views are presented , is a young earth creationist , tags the line on all the conservative hot button issues and throws out classic jabs like `` libtard '' whenever he gets a chance . 
  not the man i knew . 
  it 's given a voice to millions should they reach for the keyboard and let it out . 
  with that comes perspective offered in a way few other mediums can . 
  that and r/gonewild . 
  happy to have helped friend . 
  i was in mosul during 09-10 and remember those walls . 
  i was amazed that they had survived so much still stand as a reminder of what came before . 
  the iraqis were proud of that history but still trash of all sorts would blow up against the walls or be dumped there like any other place . 
  there was an ancient monestary on fob marez that we actually got to tour . 
  i heard that was destroyed as well . 
  remember contractors/civilians do n't count as `` boots on the ground '' though they are filling an increasing number of roles previously left to the military . 
  as military infrastructure dwindles , westerners traveling into country through the kabul international airport has become more common . 
  last i went through , security was just one anp looking bored with an ak . 
  we knew it was n't safe and it was just a matter of time before this happens . 
  thing is , we , all veterans , do n't have the support or freedom to defend ourselves to prevent this from happening again . 
  i never knew what was under that mosque the whole time i was there . 
  mosul proper has grown completely around nineveh though . 
  to the north you have mosul university , to the ne the al hadba/al muthana/al sadeeq neighborhoods though i 've forgotten most of their names ... they were typical apartment blocks laid out in a neat grid . 
  to the south the city spreads in a similar fashion and slowly the plots get bigger and agriculture takes over in the domiz/somer neighborhoods . 
  the right bank is really interesting when you look at old town mosul . 
  al farouk , bab al toob , ras al koor , ras al jadeed area . 
  the streets were a winding maze completely impassable by vehicle with the exception of two cross streets that cut through the district . 
  there were several ancient churches there . 
  i wonder what has become of them . 
  this willful attempt to offend is just sickening and childish . 
  satire is an an entirely different animal . 
  not sure why i 'm getting downvoted for this . 
  i 'm saying that this iranian initiative to create offensive content is petty and childish . 
  for it to be a response to charlie hebdo is nonsense as satire comes with a point to be made . 
  the cartoonists at charlie hebdo were making a point through satire , they were not doing what they were solely to offend . 
  this iranian initiatives purpose from the get-go is to incite anger . 
  perhaps i like the idea of 'd ' watching ` b 's back . 
  i am not idolizing them in any sense , they were regular joes murdered while going about their regular business .
