  well i hope that next time you come , you find something that changes that for you . 
  the food part , not the favorite city part, 
  i 'm in afghanistan and try my best to be empathetic of the people here , yet when left to themselves , this happens so often . 
  this makes it really hard to feel much more than disgust for them . 
  not like there are n't plenty of other reasons to feel that way . 
  i 'm going to r/eyebleach, 
  the taliban offered islamic law , warlords offered corruption and criminality and the disdain of the populace ... this is why they swept north and into kabul with the force they did . 
  it 's cool man . 
  you learn more every day . 
  harley rider looking for a non-harley riderish crew for years ... this is what i 've been waiting for . 
  would a big big wheel work ? 
  it constantly awes me the people who pop up in this subreddit . 
  thanks for making the burn awesome/this community awesome . 
  you 're still here , oh . 
  you ... you deserve an upvote for that . 
  how many bops was that ? 
  robert ballard ... i remember these shows on discovery and tlc showing him discover the titanic , galleons with loads of treasure littering the sea floor , exploring the underwater remnants of massive wwii battles in the pacific ... the guy was two miles beneath the ocean in a trucker hat . 
  that inspired 5-8 year old me for sure . 
  this question reminded me that i have much to be thankful for . 
  thanks for the slideshow of good memories . 
  compliment others when a compliment crosses your mind . 
  these can be quick and easy compliments or something with more depth and substance should you choose . 
  someone has a nice cologne/perfume on ? 
  tell them so . 
  you genuinely enjoy someones company/believe in them/aspire to be more like some aspect of them/appreciate them ... let them know . 
  imagine how much better the world would be if we were a little more willing to share the goodwill within us without fear . 
  ( this happens at burning man , it 's incredible ), 
  after living downtown several years , i ca n't help but be aware of the wide gulf between downtown savannah and southside/environs . 
  they may as well be different worlds or different cities . 
  i prided myself once on having avoided southside for nearly a year despite traveling plenty outside of the city . 
  sure , most everyone i know that cares about savannah , people that make savannah the wonderful city it is - they want change . 
  but most everyone i know lives downtown or midtown and their proximity brings the matters of our city into our day to day lives . 
  but again , what of the mass of voters southside and elsewhere ? 
  i imagine they sit further from the issues and vote more on name recognition , race , or just do n't vote at all . 
  are we just in an echo chamber ? 
  teenager , high school , not yet of driving age , introverted , se or midwest , middle-class , home built in the late 90 's - early 2000 's . 
  purposely tucks things in corners , closets etc instead of cleaning thoroughly . 
  your clothes are not folded in your drawers and there is a pile in your closet . 
  yeah !, 
  someone posted it here , ca n't believe it . 
  the ~ ~ playa ~ ~ burning man subreddit provides . 
  and you nailed it !, 
  i was looking for someone to recognize that this is a gas station . 
  for someone who has never been to the developing world , this is what a primitive gas station looks like . 
  a patch of earth , dozens of mismatched and worn plastic containers with questionable quality gasoline inside and a few roaming kids . 
  former army here ... brother ... i always hear of these nightmare stories ... how do they keep happening ? 
  what is it about military bases that attracts the absolute worse of women ?? 
  glad you came out ( relatively ) ahead in this . 
  karma will keep coming for her and i hope good comes to you . 
  yes i did . 
  i wanted to contribute something besides a desk . 
  i love this subreddit but man it could use some more diverse content !, 
  it really can be , especially out east and in the villages . 
  a different kind of beauty there to be sure . 
  i 'll be putting these words to heart . 
  you 'd think the place could attract investors of some sort . 
  i always liked what it could be , but found it somehow off putting most nights . 
  i remember now . 
  this is something i have n't thought of for years . 
  i was expecting some details you did n't post . 
  i 'm glad you did n't . 
  now i 'll just stir on my anger for awhile . 
  was riding around trying to give away beer sunday morning and went over the bike ramps set up somewhere around 5:00 and g ( ish ) . 
  when i went over the ramps the beer popped out of my basket and on the ground . 
  as i 'm picking it up , these two guys go over another obstacle and one goes down . 
  hard . 
  compound fracture of his left arm , radius and ulna . 
  he was in shock for a moment , rangers were on it quick . 
  we really should put this in the sidebar ... that or update the rules, 
  does anyone know where a full recording of the forum can be found ? 
  i 'm abroad and can only find clips on youtube . 
  am i missing something , crs reports are available [ here ] ( https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/index.html ) . 
  source : they are wonderful , open source pieces with balanced and thorough analysis on any number of topics . 
  i wish i had more time for them . 
  christ almighty ... 
  well alright then . 
  debating the same ... oh logistics, 
  funny cause all i saw was a few thousand assholes just watching the whole thing go down . 
  burner ? 
  me too !, 
  send me a pm !, 
  i am missing savannah from afar , and enjoying this thread all too much . 
  it 's nice to remember what is offered calling that place home . 
  i 'm even enjoying , not without guilt / u/corrupt _ savannah 's posts . 
  think of all the wonderful/odd/abrasive / creepy/crazy/quirky characters that make downtown unique . 
  maybe he is a little taste of that on here . 
  dude . 
  i have given a few opsec briefs in my day , but unless you are in saudi arabia , pakistan or part of the sof community , i really do n't know why you would operate with that kind of paranoia . 
  if someone is looking to strike military personnel back home , they wo n't need facebook to find a target . 
  fair enough . 
  are you a doomsday prepper too ? 
  is prepper not a word ? 
  the red squiggly line tells me it is n't . 
  english is so silly . 
  oh god . 
  i wish i could get everyone in on this . 
  oe ( 254 ) was a bit too obvious . 
  i do n't know what i 'm doing here . 
  should this be a thread ? 
  it should be a thread ?
