  as for hip hop , i honestly have no idea what awards nas or wutang have racked up over the years - i do n't know if tupac or biggie or nwa ever took anything home . 
  i 'm sure by the time outkast came around they racked up awards to go with their trl dominating hits . 
  that does n't delegitimize them to me though . 
  hip hop is as mainstream as it gets these days , and this is still while throwing out lyrics which are often just plain destructive and harmful . 
  for us to talk about social justice and ignore the calls for violence or blatant sexism , criminal , materialistic and thuggish value system that is championed and fostered in millions ... that is a problem . 
  awarding an artist is , in as grand a way as possible , a condoning of their art no ? 
  should we be condoning such messages ? 
  as for macklemore , yeah , thiftshop was catchy but what about same love ? 
  you want to talk about a social statement ? 
  a message to rally around ? 
  a message that uplifts and affirms ? 
  it 's all nuanced , but viewing everything through a racial lens is divisive , regressive and does n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  charleston was built on a peninsula and thus was really limited in terms of urban growth . 
  you have a small , beautiful , but disneyfied downtown and suburbs on all sides . 
  there is a charleston you can visit and then there is the actual charleston you will - mostly likely - live in . 
  one is a southern disneyland , the other is suburban any town usa albeit with a low country flair . 
  take a look at a map of savannah and you 'll see a large , gridded downtown and midtown and then more of the suburban nonsense . 
  there are in a way , three cities here . 
  downtown/midtown savannah , the islands and southside/pooler/suburban any town usa . 
  downtown is urban , walkable , vibrant , incredibly beautiful with a wonderful arts and music scene . 
  downtown is flanked by low income housing and crime is an issue because of it . 
  the historic district is fast approaching charleston like disneyfication with its own pros and cons . 
  long neglected or underutilized portions of downtown/midtown are revitalizing , but it 's frustrating being priced out of the streets that made me fall in love with this city . 
  southside savannah/pooler and georgetown are classic , endless sprawl of parking lots , chains stores/restaurants and shitty traffic . 
  do n't go there . 
  the islands are another life all their own , whitmarsh , tybee , wilmington , and so many others between here and hilton head that feature time spent on the marsh , dock cook outs , low country broils , oysters , boat and beach days ... i ca n't say i 've ever lived it , but i 've dabbled . 
  if you live there you have to drive everywhere , but mornings and sunsets on the water probably make it worthwhile . 
  the barrier to entry is higher for charleston , it seems to have its chin up a little , whereas you can truly become part of savannah life , it embraces you if you embrace it and will feel like home pretty quickly . 
  i 've been all over , so i feel like this was an objective choice , but i 'll be damned if i do n't wonder if there has n't been some light bewitchment . 
   meritocratic approach wherein the artists that are the best of their class should be recognized , regardless of genre . 
  that 's exactly what the award shows do right ? 
  except through the broader , and heavier , category of best album etc. 
  i think when we look at that , the broader appeal matters , appeal as art , as a statement , as a simple blockbuster ; and when that category is approached , it 's approached through the broader american cultural lens , and our demographics still lend a dominance to white america - we did just elect that cheeto after all . 
  i do n't think that is an entirely bad thing though . 
  should we open a category for punjabi artists ? 
  for hindis ? 
  for icelandic or scandinavian musicians ? 
  we are many things here in the states , a product of many peoples , but to decry the reality of demographics and claim that anything but the elevation of one group amounts to racism ... i do n't know . 
  on hip hop being treated as an outside force ... so is metal and its subgenres , so is much of the electronic scene albeit for different reasons . 
  `` acceptable culture '' still shuns much of the music world that is n't at all associated with race . 
  i agree completely that performers such as katy perry , ke $ ha and niki minaj put out toxic messages as well . 
  would you want your daughter listening to their music ? 
  even so , it 's not even black and white with them - while parents might be happy to have their kids sing along to roar , how would they feel when last friday night comes on ? 
  that said , the strand of messaging in hip hop , at least in what seems to rise into common circulation , is largely materialistic , sexist , how hard i am and how few fucks i give - type messages . 
  it 's aggressive , and if psychologists are on to anything , the subconscious associations of certain language effects us , and how we interact with others , suggests to our subconscious that we behave a certain way . 
   or we complain about gang culture in hip hop and then go on to worship breaking bad ? 
  man , breaking bad was an unblinking stare into the horrors of that world . 
  i saw no glorification there . 
  mass generalization ahead : when country music fans seek to live the lives presented in their music , they buy trucks and drink beer down by the river with some girl in a tank top . 
  when hip hop fans seek to live their music , what happens ? 
  what is glorified ? 
  the answer to that question probably would help millions break a cycle of poverty and crime only worsened by the celebration of a toxic culture . 
   take a song like everday struggles where he does into depth about how poverty is slowly killing him . 
  the image he paints is sadly and harsh , and talks frankly about the conditions he experienced and what he does to survive . 
  do we blame the artist for speaking honestly about how they see the world , or do we blame the world for creating such twisted artists ? 
  great comment . 
  right away , i was thinking of gim me the loot as a counter - but you 're right - the world made them and they put it down in their art . 
  chicken or egg , i do n't know , but can we agree that crime is not something to be celebrated , and yet it is , no ? 
   lastly , it 's an open secret in the rap industry that to really break it financially , you have to reach white suburbia . 
  once again , a plain result of demographics . 
  if that truth is recognized and accepted , then why not the recognition that a broad appeal is needed to win an oscar or two ? 
   my position is an always has been on this topic that these awards need to be given out on artistic merit , not group affiliation , and the current system does not do that . 
  that is solid , and i imagine the debate could be made for any number of winners and losers in any number of categories and generally , i would say that race does not , did not , matter . 
  remember , leo never won an oscar until the revenant - how wild was that ? 
  either way , did black entertainers really earn all of their wins this year ? 
  or was this a result of the backlash last year and the desire to come off as balanced ? 
  that 's an ugly hue to add to entertainment history , a pressure for an affirmative action of sorts for artistic validation . 
  i 've been listening through gkmc today , thanks for that . 
   also the cycle of poverty and violence existed in the black community long before hip-hop and has way more to do with american housing policy , blatant racial discrimination , and a whole host of other factors . 
  of course , and my statement should have made that clear . 
  but , have you ever heard a rapper go on about redlining ? 
  and has a message about mass incarceration or education gotten anywhere ? 
  has anyone gotten attention for maybe saying , this is n't the right way to live or better yourself ? 
  besides reggie watts , no one comes to mind . 
  the fact that you can jump from ed sheeran to yg , bravo . 
  the fact that you take the time to properly format titles even , kudos . 
  you 've raised good points and brought plenty to the table to think about - thanks for that , and i 'm sure i 'm not the only user who might benefit from it . 
  that said , i think we 're bound to go on in circles from here , this is partly why i think it 's good to look at the numbers and seek objectivity , but hey , we 're talking art , taste and mass consumption , objectivity here is a fools errand if there ever was one . 
  i have had partners open to this sort of thing , but never knew where to find a third partner . 
  how on earth does one make these connections ? 
  this is pretty much what i 'm thinking , only have zero familiarity with any of these things ... 
  that 's where i am mostly , sorta desert/apocalypsed/olive and earth colored out . 
  i want to have a little more fun though . 
  so hard not to though - as nice as it would be to be wow 'd at once by at all without preconceptions . 
  absolutely - i 've had a tough time getting through it , the first have was nauseatingly cliche and the combat scenes ... they may even be just as bad . 
  is this rambo ? 
  the whole movie watches like patriotic - american jesus - war porn playing to the lowest common denominator . 
  i ca n't believe this has gotten the scores it has . 
  thumbs down . 
  what ? 
  wt actually works on your mac ? 
  i keep trying to launch the game every other week or so and for months now , no luck getting it to even launch . 
  always do - never launched until today and i just found myself facing the same problem as you . 
  go on ... could you throw me a starting point link or something to read more into this ? 
  this still hurts . 
  i have n't thought about it much since the initial disappointment of the renovation , but sure enough , i have n't gone nearly as much as i used to , nor do i feel any special affection for the place as i once did . 
  just another gas station now . 
  i wish greg parker himself would see this , seems a near universal sentiment . 
  this please, 
  this sort of cynicism really gets me ...
