  they were nasty looking , but fit to my head perfect and just felt good . 
  i chose to pay for my helmet , so it sits on top of one of my bookshelves now . 
  that 's just an old pair of jump boots you 've got there . 
  you should find them at any military surplus store . 
  if you are near any military base , those are resoled all the time . 
  i 'm always blown away by the selection and quality in wormland . 
  `` university '', 
  and my axe !, 
  not following your logic . 
  it 's surrounded by rubbish and therefore should stick to the rubbish standard ? 
  maybe we should raise the standard . 
  should be several from savannah coming . 
  apparently our representatives last year vomited in chairs and fell down stairs . 
  i doubt we 'll they 'll be much classier this year . 
  funny how some things remain the same ... 
   georgia, 
  savannah , ga here !, 
  tentative first time burner . 
  what about you ? 
  saw isof take the lead during the transition to new dawn ... when it came to a gaf and the initial breach and clear , they were quite good . 
  they lacked a lot of the equipment and support we rely on for operations and were really rough handed when it came to site exploitation and i ca n't imagine the quality of information they use to trigger operations now . 
  j roddy walston and the business put on a hell of a live performance in atl not long ago . 
  this was my favorite ... imagine him shredding the piano live . 
  also , small black is a completely different animal , but who could n't groove to this . 
  there are a bunch of scaddies that will appreciate this band at least . 
  lem me find my war paint ... high noon ? 
  thurs-sat : go to congress st. and bar crawl . 
  monday : go to abe 's on lincoln for open mic night , intimate , amazing live music, 
  tuesday : have dollar tacos some place and check out acoustic tuesdays at foxy . 
  go to the park , wander the squares , or go to river st with all the other tourists . 
  i would n't be opposed to making this happen . 
  they opened a second one in city market , ca n't say i have been there once . 
  the one on the river has caused enough damage to our collective dignity . 
  i 've lived all over the place , both coasts , cities , suburbs , the country , abroad and the importance of place has come to matter more and more to me . 
  scenes like this make up most of downtown savannah , you ca n't see the beautiful row homes on the other side of the square , or the couples sitting on the benches , or the art school kids rushing to a nearby class . 
  the place is beautiful , it 's an american downtown that was n't completely eclipsed by the strips of chain restaurants , big box stores and their associated seas of parking . 
  it 's the human element . 
  tldr : trees , history and benches yo, 
  i deployed to both iraq and afghanistan after growing up in a military family too , this is the first time in my life i 'm not surrounded by people who have had similar experiences/know that world . 
  i have the urge to talk about some things , but i know they wo n't understand and would think of me differently , i guess there is just that urge to be around those who can relate . 
  i remember as one unit was riping out in diyala , a tiny female intelligence officer in the incoming unit decided to do a tour of the battlespace for a few days before filling her billet . 
  her second day as everyone dismounted a stryker and milled around the back , she was hit directly above the right eye by a sniper round . 
  most likely 7.62 , pretty darn close to direct impact , but her helmet saved her . 
  it flexed to the point that the helmet bruised/sweleld the entire right side of her face , but she lived . 
  she went home shortly after . 
  as far as the wars in iraq and afghanistan go ... the suspicion and constant state of heightened alert blended with complacency . 
  it 's exhausting being so on guard , you ca n't be suspicious of every pile of trash or fresh bit of loose earth . 
  you ca n't stop and cordon every culvert you drive over , even though you know there is a great chance an ied may be underneath the one you are about to drive over , and even though there were n't any in the three you passed a moment before , there was one last month that killed four or five guys . 
  it 's like playing russian roulette . 
  it may happen today , but you do n't know that and you ca n't get worked up about it . 
  so you just carry on and push those thoughts out . 
  then looking at the locals but not knowing who just dislikes you , who does n't care and who is/has actively trying to kill you . 
  when you roll guys up on the objective you get to actually see , close , face to face the men responsible for the violence ... it 's just a mixed bag . 
   not a single abrams or leopard has been taken out by enemy fire in afghanistan or iraq , despite countless rpgs fired at them . 
  they are also quite mine safe ,, 
  this is completely untrue . 
  dozens were lost over the years to efps and ieds . 
  an efp kills in the same way an rpg intends to though usually in a far larger caliber equivalent/almost point blank detonation , i 've seen molten copper pierce through the running wheels and into the drivers compartment before . 
  as for ieds , well , you bury enough explosives under the road and it does n't matter what rolls over it , especially if it has a flat belly . 
  they all were n't catastrophic kills pasted all over the internet , but lives were lost and more than a few burned to the ground . 
  not at all . 
  why ? 
  been there a few times , officially only accessible to those posted at the us embassy . 
  `` blue badges '' ... that means no , just because you are visiting the embassy from wherever else you are posted , you most likely wo n't be able to have a drink , or buy from the px ... but it 's an exciting tease . 
  to add : there are liquor stores scattered throughout kabul , or shops that sell liquor in addition to the general merchandise , the catch is that you must have a passport from a non-muslim country to purchase the booze . 
  yes , this type of business often incurs threats to the merchants . 
  this has been common knowledge among the intelligence community for years . 
  what the isi does with it 's money is n't exactly common knowledge among pakistani leadership however . 
  things get extremely hazy on that side of the border , and just as the isi is forking dollars over to extremists the pakistani military is fighting a dirty war against those same extremists along the border/fata . 
  they have bled as well . 
  used to do series racing with / o / wrd back in the forza 3 days . 
  would love to jump back in . 
  do you all have specs out or tunes in the marketplace ? 
  whether i could join in this weeks event or not i 'd like ease my way into a few testing rounds . 
  anyone racing now ? 
  gt is jdslow300 , car is up and ready but would like to do some testing and tuning so you all know i 'm not completely terrible . 
  this is the world i 've found myself in after having my own sampling of heartbreak a little over a year ago . 
  i have no issue meeting women and i get excited about the potential that may be , the chance to find a true partner . 
  but then i slide into this ... i want to love , i want there to be sparks and chemistry and i see the fireworks within them . 
  but on my side of the fence there is no light show , just plenty of doubt , and an odd blend of continued hope that if i keep trying love will sprout within me again , and the desire to just break things off and hope the right one comes along elsewhere . 
  i do n't want to start hating myself for hurting others , but that may be creeping up too . 
  the audience does actually hush a few moments in ... 
  connect savannah or savannah do weekly magazines , you 'll see them for free all over town . 
  so this is a thing . 
  this is infuriating to hear and sickening to see . 
  i recognize this as the face of the enemy we fought in iraq . 
  barbaric , brutal and deserving nothing more than a swift death . 
  why is it so often that these stories come first from xinhua ? 
  you would think a few western networks would bother to tell this story . 
  am i the only one annoyed by the guy ? 
  he certainly offers perspective , a worthwhile recognition of the us overstepping it 's bounds and illogical foreign policies . 
  but he ignores the dominance of islamic fundamentalism at the heart of so many insurgencies/terrorist groups . 
  ideologies molded no doubt by local conditions or political views but at their core defined by a theological position of islamic supremacy and violence against non-believers . 
  the conflict between islamists and minority sects/other religions exists on nearly all frontiers of the muslim religion and goes back to the life of muhammad himself . 
  oif/oef veteran here , agreed . 
  i feel like someone needs to make a polandball sketch of this situation with qatar in the middle . 
  on a serious note it 's difficult to call the taliban or even the haqqani network simply as `` terrorists '' . 
  there have been enough open overtures to discuss peace with the taliban across from isaf and afghan officials to call them that at this point . 
  a woefully ignorant comment . 
  there were deaths caused by us forces no doubt and many were inexcusable .
