  it 's small enough that should you put yourself downtown , you 'll start to feel familiar and start to know faces quick . 
  a lot of good experiences could come your way because of this move . 
  welcome home . 
  glad you enjoyed it !, 
  also , zunzi 's and green truck . 
  get on it . 
  tell that wanker with the glowworm that nein says hey from the stan !, 
  it 's not about mail you bellend !, 
  this is about being subtle . 
  rendevous with black 2 and alpha 1 ( `` steak sauce '' mctavish ) at the odeon ... 
  we 'll have a charm off . 
  i 'll win her back in the `` sly looks in public '' round for sure . 
  then the universe will have worked some dark magic on me, 
  not asian or steve, 
  maybe it should now, 
  this affection is mutual - no restraining order on either side of the atlantic - zero chance of stabbing/getting tazed, 
  great idea !, 
  i hope it gets a feature . 
  this is great !, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's not just savannah that this is a problem ... just look at any major metro and where the crime is centralized . 
  i do n't want to blame a race ( though that is an easy thing to do factually ) but rather the aspects of hip hop culture that glorify how hard you are and just how willing you are to harm others , constant rhymes about being rich ( which these people arent ) , getting women and material wealth to flaunt . 
  any number of lyrics support this . 
  pair this with recidivist crime , poor job opportunities and a force within the community to ostracize and insult those who pursue an actual education , proper speech or break away from the destructive cycle in some other way ... 
  there needs to be a serious conversation in the african american community not just about police brutality but about the cancer eating away at the community from within . 
  one perpetrated on themselves by themselves and leading to things like disproportionate incarceration rates/drug use/drop outs/poverty so on and so forth . 
  saw this video yesterday and i think the officer hits the nail on the head . 
  there is need for outrage and discussion , but it is being misdirected right now by those exploiting tragedies . 
  worst comment here, 
  why does it seem that the eu can get so much done in an effort to better our environment ? 
  yet we ca n't even elect politicians that recognize climate change for what it is !? 
  i ca n't imagine anything like this being passed in the us though it is something that is forward thinking and benefits us all in the end . 
  savannah has a really wonderful music scene with a network of musicians , writers , bloggers , regional acts and in betweeners that seem almost like a family . 
  abe 's on lincoln has excellent open mic nights every monday . 
  blues and folk dominate but there are touches of other genres as well . 
  each musician plays a three song set then rotates , at the end of the night on a good night , they all jam together . 
  molly mcpheresons on congress has an open mic night tuesday as well , similar crowd , run by craig as well . 
  foxy loxy has a rotating list of bands that play every tuesday in their courtyard . 
  i do n't know where to start when it comes to individual acts as every night the town has something going on . 
  the jinx , wormhole , ampersand , hangfire and several others have all sorts of performances going on . 
  to wrap your head around it check the soundboard out on connect savannah . 
  edit : i did n't even mention savannah stopover , revivalfest , the blues festival , the jazz festival and the music that goes along with the other festivals . 
  i said this a couple days ago when the last kid was shot . 
  it 's not just savannah that this is a problem ... just look at any major metro and where the crime is centralized . 
  i do n't want to blame a race ( though that is an easy thing to do factually ) but rather the aspects of hip hop culture that glorify how hard you are and just how willing you are to harm others , constant rhymes about being rich ( which these people arent ) , getting women and material wealth to flaunt . 
  any number of lyrics support this . 
  pair this with recidivist crime , poor job opportunities and a force within the community to ostracize and insult those who pursue an actual education , proper speech or break away from the destructive cycle in some other way ... 
  there needs to be a serious conversation in the african american community not just about police brutality but about the cancer eating away at the community from within . 
  one perpetrated on themselves by themselves and leading to things like disproportionate incarceration rates/drug use/drop outs/poverty so on and so forth . 
  about the wormhole , i 've been trying to describe why i dont care so much for the venue ( not to discredit the people there or the bands ) but you nailed it . 
  teen rec center/pool hall off of a collector road feel . 
  protip : the hipsters are at least locals . 
  i 'll start !, 
  club 51 degrees : a sad line of joes and visitors from southside with a 10 to 1 ratio of men to women . 
  women rely on low lights inside to look attractive and check their self respect at the door . 
  fitted caps , affliction and bro-plaid galore . 
  joes get more predatory and aggressive as closing time approaches . 
  voted second most likely place to spot a drunk gal trip on her heels !, 
  if you absolutely must spend your friday nut-to-butt with sweaty strangers . 
  i went inside once , it was mexicans and lasers for the most part . 
  a place to get nonchalantly undressed by a stranger . 
  ( true story ), 
  it really is n't just people drinking the kool-aid . 
  the prices and food are great plus the staff is super friendly , especially when there is n't a long line . 
  the first time i ever went i remember being surrounded by plaid , everyone was drinking pbr , glitter was on the floor and i kept getting the occasional waft of stale sweat ... still like it there , fun people and music . 
  if you live downtown check it out on a monday night for cheap wings and bourbon . 
  heck , check it out any day for some day/afternoon drinking . 
  it 's pretty chill then . 
  completely period correct ... goes well with the hip hop and dance remixes they play . 
  charleston is wonderful do n't get me wrong . 
  but savannah is the brightest jewel of the coastal empire . 
  just big enough , just small enough , a balance of classic southern refinement and all the quirk/talent that the artistic community can offer via the savannah college of art and design . 
  savannah is just more alive than charleston on any day of the week . 
  more youthful , more musical , more likely to be tipsy on a tuesday . 
  the place breathes beauty , and i have n't even gone on to talk about the squares , food or tybee island . 
  sherman never burned savannah , everyone expected him to since he burned everything along the way but he needed winter quarters for the troops and the city offered terms . 
  he wrote to lincoln on december 22nd `` i beg to present you as a christmas gift , the city of savannah , with one hundred and fifty heavy guns and plenty of ammunition , and also about twenty-five thousand bales of cotton . '', 
  sherman set up his hq in savannah in the beautiful green-meldrim house . 
  some of his troops meanwhile set up shop in savannah 's cemeteries , altering graves and hollowing out crypts during the winter . 
  that 's another story though . 
  try 22 of them . 
  they make up the fabric of downtown ... it makes for a stunningly beautiful city where you can walk everywhere . 
  myrtle beach is like the wal-mart of southern vacation destinations ... trashy , dirty , just do n't . 
  you will love it !, 
  i consider myself pretty well traveled and i 've never lived in one city for more than a few years ... i know what i want and do n't want in a home basically . 
  savannah just blew me away ... on so many counts . 
  the place has issues like any city , but it 's a place i 've come to believe in . 
  the community , the history , the art , the passion behind people who have fallen in love with the town and want to make it better ... the fact that it is walkable , beautiful year round , has an airport , beach , rail and highway all within 20 minutes of downtown , not to mention the 4th largest container port in the us . 
  it will grow , and i want to be part of that . 
  it 's the largest protected historic district in the us , so the look of downtown is protected , i just hope the character keeps close to what it is now . 
  i have never had a bad experience there , but pinky masters has a tendency to have closed off regulars and bro/joe jerks together making for a volatile mixture . 
  i 've seen things go bad there often and just do n't find it to be worth it . 
  if you want a great , hole in the wall dive , go to abe 's on lincoln . 
  the rail is the savannah standard for dives though . 
  after those too , just hop around and see what you like . 
  try the paris market . 
  all sorts of neat things you could use there . 
  - joey , < 17 years old, 
  - family is fairly well off . 
  you generally get what you ask for,
