   what i can ignore , or reject is the meme that shias and sunnis are these two sects that will forever hate each other and that this hate is the source of all the problems that plague the islamic world . 
  that , is a hopeful sentiment . 
  and i mean that in the sincerest way . 
  that if enough muslims demand an end , expect an end to the bloodshed , then it might one day cease . 
  but that 's it , it must be demanded rather than passively hoped for no ? 
  firstly , you have an excellent manner of presenting your point . 
  i imagine you would make for a fantastic editor or producer in any publication !, 
  that said , forest for the trees ... 
  you can argue about the authors delivery or lament failures you feel might be present , but what of the content that is there ? 
  you mention how he does n't show anything to support his claim that usual discourse/coverage misrepresents the issue ; what might he source to prove this point ? 
  where do you start ? 
  the fact is there are countless acts of violence and even more pieces reporting on them . 
  the oft repeated - this has nothing to do with islam , which is a religion of peace - parroted by media and authorities alike is dishonest and dangerously so . 
  i understand you are a muslim from the uk , not a fan of maajid nawaz and so your loyalties and background would be different from mine no doubt . 
  so where and how do we meet in the middle ? 
  i see islamic fundamentalism as one of the great issues of our time and one that will not soon go away . 
  i am tired of hearing of one attack after another , the near ceaseless deaths of innocents around the world . 
  i 'm tired of seeing bigots and xenophobic masses rally because of a threat , while those with reason and progressive values ignore the issue for fear of being represented as bigoted or xenophobic themselves . 
  i 've witnessed the deaths of civilians at the hands of these fundamentalists . 
  it 's personal to me in a way it is to few other westerners . 
  i 've witnessed the absolute ruin brought to communities , of muslims no less . 
  and i 've listened , intently at the reasoning for it . 
  a reasoning found within islam . 
  do you see what i see ? 
  what do you suggest we do ? 
  because the current path is not going to take us anywhere we want to be . 
  you 're right , ideas and norms do take a long time to change ... 
  but , this is the 21st century ; movements , ideas , voices , actors are global and near instantaneous now . 
  we no longer have the luxury of turning a blind eye to such issues . 
  that said , a positive message , a cultural shift which rejects the turn to violence so many muslims adopt could reach globally as well . 
  i say that having spent time in portions of afghanistan which still believe the nato troops present were actually russians ... development is obviously far behind in many parts of the world which must be reached . 
   anyone in a western society who cares more about terrorism than western urban and rural poverty does not care about their society . 
  this does n't hold water . 
  i am very passionate about new urbanism , sustainability and walkability as a core issue effecting countless other issues in the us . 
  that does not mean i care any less about the constant threat to lives and the steady stream of blood shed by islamic fundamentalists . 
  i have lived and traveled to too many places marred by terrorism . 
  i do not and will not fear for my life as i go about my business , but you can not deny that our society has been changed by terrorism in ways i find shameful and sad . 
  i am not afraid , i am frustrated by our inability to solve this . 
  and when i say solve this , no , i do not mean bombings or genocide or anything of the like . 
  i do believe intelligence and special operations should maintain pressure on isis as they are . 
  the org is quickly becoming ineffective as a result of just those actions , but any who calls for bombings or another ground war is a damned fool in my book . 
   more inclusive , and more caring . 
  i want to agree ... but as with this migrant crisis europe faces , the reality will eat us and our liberal values alive . 
  we will lose the best of ourselves by refusing to acknowledge the worst in them . 
  it is already happening . 
   nor do they all follow a typical pathway to violent extremism, 
  i have been astounded at the diversity of those willing to kill and be killed in the name of allah . 
  the common denominator ? 
  a fundamentalist interpretation of islam . 
  the common narrative is that the fundamentalist was poor/underprivileged/uneducated / angry because of this that or the third geopolitical grievance . 
  however , one does n't need to look far or hard to find countless videos of martyrs , suicide bombers from the us , the uk , ksa and elsewhere who had every opportunity in life , yet chose jihad . 
  a fact in itself which is celebrated . 
   the ringleader of the paris attacks was drinking beer and smoking cannabis after the massacres '', 
  yeah , and the ivory coast attackers drank beer before their massacre . 
  and the 9-11 hijackers philandered around . 
  it is funny how those so devoted to the imposition of sharia would seemingly so readily violate it . 
  from my own experience in northern iraq , 2009 , i witnessed a shift in local tolerance of aqi/isi militants in ninewa province . 
  for years , they were seen as ideologically motivated and devout muslim fighters . 
  when funding streams were cut off and leadership eliminated bit by bit , these same fighters resorted to petty crime , extortion , trafficking and so on to keep funding operations . 
  the same residents who had been ok with aqi/isis killing iraqi government personnel , security forces , americans and non-muslim minorities in the area began to reject them for their un-islamic practices . 
  the extortion of locals did n't help either . 
  let us take a step back though . 
  should it be punished by death or no ? 
  islamic law demands many things , many , which are incompatible with modern values . 
  sure , alcohol and pork can be haram ; but death for an adulterer , forced marriage to a rapist , death to someone who leaves islam ... these things can not be reasoned into modern societies . 
  period . 
  what do you think on this ? 
   what isis really wants, 
  i think it was a much needed article that , somehow , in the end fell flat . 
  i think more people were made aware of the ideology behind isis and yet the discussion changed little . 
  i think he put too much emphasis on the end of days/apocalyptic talk and too little on the history/idea of the caliphate . 
  i wish he would have elaborated more on the dar al-islam and the dar al-harb . 
  this fundamental divide and the very naming of this divide i think is just as telling as anything else he may have written about . 
  but in application , how do you see this distinction viewed by muslims ? 
  what do you see as the way ahead ? 
  your hopes ? 
  your fears ? 
  your message to muslims and non-muslims alike ? 
  i mistook you for another user and the that mistake colored this entire response . 
  you 've raised valid points , asked objective and constructive questions as well . 
  your last paragraph commented on the meat of the article rather than its delivery . 
  i do n't believe any author commenting on islamic extremism should have to source the latest fatwa or the quranic verse which might be used to justify whatever has just occurred . 
  you can only go so deep in short form articles if you expect to cover any ground and present a point to a casual audience . 
  what is wrong is the repeated insistence that it is merely something external which caused extremism to take root and that islam was misconstrued by poor and misguided souls who twisted its otherwise peaceful and sublime nature . 
  the common denominator in islamic extremism is islam , not us blunders here or poverty there or lack of education elsewhere . 
  that point can no longer be ignored , the ideology must be recognized , understood , and challenged by musims and non-muslims alike if we can hope to curb it . 
  i feel like you deserved a more fleshed out reply . 
  it 's 1130pm here and the muezzin will sound a little before 6am . 
  i 've got to get some sleep . 
  came here to say the same thing , the m198 as well.....1-321 afar would like to have a word . 
  this is a silly premise though . 
  an army bct is designed to fight with support from external elements , be it sustainment , intelligence , cas , ada , fires , etc. 
  an meu is deigned to be independent . 
  does n't jive . 
  i guess this blog is pretty much buzzfeed . 
   if the islam is the common denominator , how come these idiots then go off and do islamic stuff if the funding runs out ? 
  the degree of devotion , of motivation , of ` purity ' if you will , would vary among fighters . 
  after all , we are speaking of an incredibly diverse stream of humanity which chose to fight there . 
  those who arrived , were brought by the current of islamic fundamentalism and the winds of jihad . 
  there was a desperation to remain relevant , to conduct attacks just to show they were still a force , to appear anything but defeated , even as degraded as they were .
