   `` what is kufr ? 
  kufr literally means a cover . 
  in islamic terminology , it is mostly used for a person who disbelieves in god ; and so `` kafir '' means an unbeliever . 
  by using the word `` kafir '' for an unbeliever , islam is implying that the unbeliever is a person who covers or hides the truth . 
  what can be more true than god , the creator ?!, 
  it also means that a kafir is a person whose soul has been completely covered by darkness . 
   kufr - the rejection of god - is such a strong spiritual disease that it affects the entire body of the kafir and renders it najis . 
  even if a kafir washes himself thoroughly hundred times and dresses up in very clean clothes , still he will be considered ritually najis . 
  nothing can cure this spiritual disease , nothing can purify the soul of a kafir except islam . 
  and therefore , you see that the shari ` ah counts `` islam '' as one of the mutahhirat . '', 
  i concede that taqqiya is generally a shia practice and that there are many , beautiful scriptures in the qur ` an and passages in the hadith which denounce lying . 
  why is it then that i hear firebrand imam 's stating that these rules do not apply to interactions with non-beleivers , even going so far as to saw laws against outright murder or rape do not apply . 
  on taqqiya , mohammad ( pbuh ) said :, 
   `` lying is wrong , except in three things : the lie of a man to his wife to make her content with him ; ** a lie to an enemy , for war is deception ** ; or a lie to settle trouble between people '' [ ahmad , 6.459 . 
  jihadists state we are at war , all of islam is at war with the non-believers , with the kuffar , with the dar-al harb , with the apostates so on and so forth . 
  a little poking around online will bring up gems of scholars and imams saying one thing to an english audience , then something completely seperate to fellow muslims . 
  please see my replies to anidal, 
   fight those who believe not in allah nor the last day , nor hold forbidden that which hath been forbidden by allah and his messenger , nor acknowledge the religion of truth , ( even if they are ) of the people of the book , until they pay the jizyah with willing submission , and feel themselves subdued . 
   `` i call you to god and to islam . 
  if you respond to the call , then you are muslims : you obtain the benefits they enjoy and take up the responsibilities they bear . 
  if you refuse , then you must pay the jizyah . 
  if you refuse the jizyah , i will bring against you tribes of people who are more eager for death than you are for life . 
  we will then fight you until god decides between us and you . '', 
  ( al tabari , volume xi ), 
   summon the people to god ; those who respond to your call , accept it from them , but those who refuse must pay the poll tax out of humiliation and lowliness . 
  if they refuse this , it is the sword without leniency . 
  fear god with regard to what you have been entrusted . 
  ( al tabari , volume xii ), 
   umar ibn al-khattab during the conquest of al-basrah ( 636 ce ), 
  not exactly a simple tax . 
  a form of humiliation and subjugation of non-believers within muslim lands . 
  more goodies !, 
  the jizya in modern times :, 
   `` the general plan of hamas also includes the imposition of a special tax , called al-jeziya , upon all of the non-muslim residents in the palestinian territories . 
  this tax revives the one applied through all of islamic history to the dhimmi , the second-class jewish and christian citizens . '', 
  the mayor of bethlehem is christian , but it 's hamas that 's in charge, 
  sandro magister , chiesa news , december 29 , 2005, 
   `` in the recent violence , residents of the baghdad neighborhood of dora said gunmen knocked on the doors of christian families , demanding they either pay jizya -- a special tax traditionally levied on non-muslims -- or leave . 
  the jizya has not been imposed in muslim nations in about 100 years . '', 
  christians fleeing violence in iraq, 
  the associated press , fox news , may 07 , 2007, 
   the taliban in the north west frontier province ( nwfp ) have issued an ultimatum against local hindus and sikhs : either you pay `` jizya '' , an islamic poll tax for religious minorities that is akin to protection money , or you leave . 
  many ( more than 400 ) hindu and sikh families have already left for peshawar and neighbouring provinces . 
  threats against sikhs and hindus are but the latest in a series of warnings against religious minorities in the nwfp , including christians who have had to pay jizya and submit to sharia . 
  `` we were living under fear : fear of the taliban , fear of lashkar-e-islam and fear of other armed groups , '' a sikh man told the daily times, 
  hindus and sikhs threatened by the taliban and sharia, 
  fareed khan , asia news , july 28 , 2009, 
   eight members of the minority christian community have been kidnapped in pakistan 's troubled waziristan tribal region , reports said today . 
  militants and criminals in pakistan 's lawless tribal belt have targeted minorities like hindus , sikhs and christians . 
  there have been several instances of members of minority communities being abducted for ransom or forced to pay ` jiziya ' , a tax levied on non-muslims . 
  2009 - eight christians kidnapped in pakistan , jizya may be behind abductions, 
   a human rights organization has learned that a christian businessman was shot eight times in the legs while driving through lahore , pakistan after refusing to pay protection money to a muslim . 
  mobeena , [ the christians sister ] , told icc , `` suqlain is still free and hanging around . 
  the government has done nothing to help us , even though my brother is a prominent businessman . 
  we feel insecure , our children are too scared to go out anymore - please help us , we need justice . '', 
  christian shot eight times for refusing to pay protection money, 
  jeremy reynalds , assist news service , july 22 , 2009, 
  according to the [ chaldean cultural association for peace in iraq ] association 's survey , property of at least 500,000 christians were taken away and 200,000 christians were forced to pay extortion money , while dozens others were kidnapped then released for ransom . 
  `` before 2003 , there were around 2.1 million christians in iraq , but now there are not more than 500,000 of them , '' masho said . 
  he criticized the iraqi government for being unable to protect christians , and said that it did not even fulfill its promises to compensate them . 
  1960 christians killed in iraq since 2003 -- survey, 
  aswat al-iraq , december 26 , 2009, 
   this past year there have been several disturbing incidents in the neighborhood of outer n\u00f8rrebro . 
  in october , a refugee from africa had his door kicked in several times and was threatened by a group of youths who accused him of being both black and christian . 
  he was given a deadline of less than a week to pay them 10,000 kroner ( 1,800 usd ) if he wanted to live in the area . 
  police told him that they could no longer guarantee his safety in mj\u00f8lnerparken [ muslim ghetto in copenhagen , denmark ] . 
  when lejerbo ( the company renting out apartments in the area ) found him , he was crying and had slept on the street . 
  on the other side of the fence, 
  nicolai sennels ( translator ) , weekendavisen ( danish daily , not online ) , march 1 , 2012, 
   refugees who have fled to jordan from syria are telling mission leaders supported by christian aid mission about deliberate , new persecution from the `` arab spring '' insurgents who are seeking to overthrow the brutal assad regime in damascus . 
  `` it is over ; we ca n't get back what we lost , '' said one discouraged christian refugee here in jordan . 
  `` it will never be the same anymore for me or my family . 
  we 've lost hope . '', 
  he said he had to flee with his family at night , because anti-christian persecution in syria is becoming a steadily growing reality . 
  `` i had my own business . 
  i ran a supermarket , and we were financially stable . 
  unfortunately , that 's not the case anymore . 
  our dreams vanished when a group of terrorists threatened to kill my family , burn our house , and set fire to the supermarket if i did n't pay them $ 7,000 . 
  `` i paid the amount , hoping that they would leave us alone , but they did not . 
  instead , they kidnapped me for a whole week . 
  they only let me go on one condition : that each month i would pay them the same amount . 
  `` what do you think i could do ? 
  i packed our stuff , taking only the basics . 
  i took my family and came to jordan . 
  my son , omar , has one year left to finish his bachelor 's degree , but now his dreams have vanished as well . 
  i used to be a business owner ... but now i am a laborer who can hardly provide the day-to-day basics for my family . '', 
  syrian christian targeted in syria, 
  mnn , april 19 , 2012, 
  where do you live that you actually worry about getting a disease from cats or dogs ? 
  then why do so many use is islam to play judge and jury and take peoples lives with the explicit goal of sending them to hell . 
  i 've said elsewhere i could give a hoot about upvotes or downvotes . 
  i linked to bring attention , to bring the debate and it seems like it has led to relevant discussion . 
  why not contribute to the discussion yourself instead of assuming people use reddit soley for internet kudos . 
  how has noone mentioned bacon yet ? 
  from the writings of al-maghili ( d. 1504/1505 ) . 
  that was the first account of a jizya collection i found online though i have read others . 
  when discussing things like this it 's much easier to reference the internet then books . 
  i would n't remember where to find most of the information i 've read . 
  unfortunately i do not though i would like do . 
  i have a pickthall qur ` an and a number of books on related subjects as well as life experiences that have formed my opinions .
