  according to isil itself , were peace in the middle east somehow to be fulfilled and a caliphate successfully established ... war would resume with surrounding `` apostate '' states and with the non-muslim world as a whole . 
  we can not allow that . 
  actual widespread use of renewable energy . 
  an image that stuck with me while living in bavaria was the hundreds of private , 100 + year old outbuildings in the countryside with solar panels on top . 
  also taking the train through france and seeing wind turbines on the horizon at almost all times . 
  we talk about it in the states but i 'll be damned if i 've seen much implementation . 
  thanks !, 
  angkor i have heard of but the others i know nothing about . 
  this is why i asked you guys , thanks for giving me a starting point !, 
  i hope you find miri, 
  the shitshow has worn on me as well ... hopefully savannah will find balance somehow . 
  edit : without sacrificing to-go cups, 
  probably too long for anyone who needs to read it to actually consider going through . 
  very well thought out article that addresses many deeper points we have approached here . 
  i only wish this type of discussion saw more light . 
  i should think that the ottoman empire did well enough for it 's people ( it 's muslim citizens that is . 
  dhimmitude and slavery of captured/assimilated christians probably was n't much fun ) up until it 's defeat at vienna in 1683 and even for some time after . 
  it 's not the west 's explicit fault that they fell behind . 
  the qur ` an and hadith have stood firm commanding the same violence as external factors have come and gone . 
  downloaded the program and jumped into two games right away ... only neither loaded completely and just stalled at the final screen before throwing you into play ... still working on it . 
  still no luck . 
  either kicked immediately with session error messages or the game loads the mission screen , downloads mission files , then fails to actually start after clicking `` ok '' . 
  no luck here either i 'm afraid . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  have to call it a night though , this has eaten up all the spare time i had today . 
  conversely , how many countries have muslim fundamentalists bombed since 1980 ... guaranteed every single one on this list and dozens more . 
  i 'll take the to-go size, 
  not at all implying that this deserved attention when others do not . 
  they all deserve to be addressed . 
  humanity should be fed up with islamic fundamentalists who continue to spill the blood of innocent people daily . 
  the barbaric nature of this event is tougher to ignore should more people discuss it . 
  the drone campaign against the taliban/ttp / / hqn/isis/aq / aqap is nothing to compare this to . 
  collateral damage ( not implying it is n't inexcusable ) in an ongoing military operation vs theologically condoned mass murder . 
  read that sentence again . 
  it 's nothing to * compare this to *, 
  no loss of human life should be minimized but the context of their deaths can be grasped ... where as this example of barbarity has no excuse . 
  the gwot is still underway . 
  source : sitting in fucking afghanistan right now wondering why you have a bone to pick with semantics while ignoring the whole point of this post . 
  how would you argue then that we fight this enemy ? 
  you know , the one completely willing to die himself in an effort to kill others . 
  having given a decade of my life to fighting this enemy i have come to know better than most that there is no easy answer to this . 
  i completely agree with your statement on rushing to arm groups we know little about and the dubious alliances we have/had with sa , pakistan , iraq and others . 
  there is no easy answer . 
  but this enemy must be fought . 
  so say you have a target , a high level planner wintering in pakistan after coordinating attacks in afghanistan during the spring/summer . 
  a man you know is responsible for the deaths of isaf troops and civilians alike . 
  a man who will return to afghanistan next spring and undoubtedly bring death with him and further destabilize the government in whatever region he operates ... 
  for a strike to be triggered , specific conditions have to be met , timing is crucial and often the option is take the target * now * or lose him . 
  it 's a hard choice just like pulling the trigger on the ground would be , and far too often innocents have been affected . 
  but these are the hard decisions that have to be made in war . 
  war has never been clean and tidy in the manner you seem to demand . 
  we should never be ok with being responsible for the deaths of innocents . 
  never . 
  it could be seen as an outrage that we should not be violating another nations airspace and conducting strikes that harm its populace ... but we are at war with an enemy that does not care about borders . 
  and i 'd rather stop them whenever/where ever we can before seeing another 9-11 / madrid/7 -7 / ( insert thousands of smaller attacks since here ) attacks . 
  hold the high ground , we need to keep our moral compass . 
  but do n't forget what is at stake . 
  i responded to / u/bipolar _ sky_fairy below with points i would have said to you as well . 
  i think all of this is distracting from the entire point of the post . 
  a family was murdered , brutally . 
  why would i bring up pol pot in the shadow of this wrongdoing ? 
  in a perfect world , we would put highly trained operators on the ground to secure the target or eliminate the target if need be . 
  but that puts those operators lives at risk , the pilots who flew them there at risk , the entire equation becomes one of risk and potential cost . 
  including the cost of letting a violent man remain on the battlefield . 
  the lives of civilians related to/associated with known extremists lose out in the end . 
  edit : excuse me in a perfect world we would n't be shedding blood over ancient texts and instead would chat about whether baklava or banana bread go better with hot tea . 
  but we both can assume with near certainty that there is * nothing * you could do to rally a mob of 1200 anythings to seek you out and burn you and your pregnant wife alive . 
  with islam however ... it is all too easy to rally masses to open violence . 
  i was here during the quran burning scandal on bagram airfield which sparked riots and violence around the muslim world ... including the overrunning of the consulate in benghazi . 
  we received regular warnings about cartoonists , political writers , film makers and obscure southern pastors who all might threaten to stir violence through blaspheming islam ... in other words , hey man , you might get killed today when you go out into the city because ______ offended islam with ______ . 
  it 's intolerable . 
  i think we all would like it to be and neither of us are claiming that it is . 
  i am just seeking to reason with the current methods we have employed in the current conflict . 
  i understand the critique , but believe it ignores many of the harsh realities of this conflict . 
  right back at you !, 
  i have walked in forsyth all hours of the night over the past five years and never been hassled by anyone . 
  i have * seen * shady looking characters but nowhere near 8pm . 
  then again , i am a 5-11 , healthy young guy . 
  just use common sense and be aware of your surroundings . 
  it 's still beautiful and all will probably be well . 
  a pub crawl or intimate ghost tour ( i recommend cobblestone tours ) would be pretty unique to savannah and allow you to take in some of the lore and streetscape . 
  there are always music or odd bits of performance throughout the town , just take a look at an event calendar on connectsavannah.com or savannahdo, 
  ardsley park can be a great value when it comes to living near enough to downtown to enjoy it 's perks while still maintaining a bit of peace and quiet . 
  but then again , absolute gems can be found occasionally downtown as people move out or renovations complete . 
  downtown and midtown is where the magic that makes savannah such a special place happens . 
  avoid southside , avoid pooler , but if you happen to like the island/breach life , than take a look at skidaway and whitmarsh islands . 
  gulfstream is about 20 minutes plus from bay st. and mlk . 
  tybee island is about 30 minutes in the other direction . 
  on that note , the borders of mlk ( west ) , broad ( e ) , victory ( s ) , and bay ( n ) constitute the real bounds of what would be considered downtown . 
  both east and west borders can be sketch . 
  it 's a stunningly beautiful city year round . 
  walk . 
  walk when you can to go to the park , the river , to the bar or to dinner or whatever event is going on . 
  enjoy the to go cup laws . 
  go to forsyth park on a sunday afternoon . 
  go to an open mic night at abe 's or molly 's . 
  eat some pizza from vinny van gogos . 
  have a cocktail and eats at the tavern below the olde pink house . 
  check out mcdunoughs or the rail for karaoke . 
  start grabbing savannah connect and savannah do weekly magazines as they will help you wrap your head around what is going on and coming up in town .
