  all the talk of the surrounding suburbia ... just do n't do that to yourself . 
  those may as well be anytown usa , they are not why people from all over the world come to walk our streets . 
  the islands are wonderful though for different reasons than downtown . 
  savannah is just big enough , just small enough , if you want energy you can find it , if you want peace you can find it . 
  it 's an intimate city , more so than charleston though the two share a certain character . 
  it 's stunningly beautiful year round downtown and i swear having that beauty in your day to day living does something good to you . 
  you wo n't be here long before you know faces , names and start making friends wherever you frequent . 
  it 's easy to get into the local ____ scene if you seek to join/participate in a particular interest . 
  there is a creative energy present that is rare in the south and somehow fits well alongside the old southern blood that built the city . 
  yes there is crime , and the city needs to get it 's act together in answering it , but i have been there since 09 on and off and never had an issue myself . 
  most of that time was spent downtown and i worked late , went through rough areas and lived right across from the ghetto for a good chunk of that time . 
  it 's gotten lots of media , as it should , but it wo n't affect your experience most likely unless you are selling drugs or trolling rough parts of town to find them . 
  bottom line is , having lived all over the us and abroad , in all types of cities i have come to absolutely love savannah . 
  it 's a wonderful place to call home , to make home and it will wrap you up like you 've always belonged . 
  and people believe this is sustainable ? 
  op , i just have to thank you for continuing to argue your position despite the dominant groupthink present here . 
  i have lived all over the united states and europe , and currently work in the middle east . 
  i 've experienced what works and does n't work in cities of all types . 
  i 've come to respect the unique character of places and recognize when residents love their cities and homes versus those who just go about their business in them without much consideration . 
  we have thousands of years of rights and wrongs with a clear vision of what has worked present in many cities yet current architects seem intent on becoming the next starchitect and designing a wonderful ~ ~ tabletop centerpiece ~ ~ groundbreaking and revolutionary building that ~ ~ leaks/is hated by the community/is demolished in forty years ~ ~ redefines public discourse on space and form . 
  the conversation of how we design our buildings and our cities is critical to our cultural well being and i feel the majority of architects have lost touch with humanity , much to it 's silent detriment . 
  tldr : rambled on , just wanted to say thanks for fighting the good fight . 
  edit : i wanted to study architecture after leaving government work , however after attending several lectures , joining relevant boards and forums i was appalled at the modernist circlejerk that dominated every discussion . 
  after witnessing a student 's classical design receive a lower grade than a bevy of modernist peers with the justification that it should be more creative/inventive i decided to put a passion aside and abandon that course . 
  came here to say `` hey if you want someone to take those trunks off your hand ... '' but after reading i just want to wish you the continued best . 
  you seem like a good dude . 
  so do you want someone to take those trunks off your hand ? 
  i 'll be there in may !, 
  i was planning to rent a villa and spend three or four days taking it easy with a partner . 
  is that two much time you think ? 
  ( i 've been to florence and milan before but never here ), 
  i might have something for you . 
  will pm soon . 
  i agree completely with that as a political problem . 
  i came here to ask more from those in the industry what is preventing us from having this standard . 
  is it a culture ? 
  is it regulation ? 
  is it budget ? 
  sprawl is our own fault and ca n't be blamed just on the sheer size of the us . 
  we could n't be bothered to build denser so now we have crumbling/lackluster infrastructure all around . 
  interesting . 
  do you think it 's necessary ? 
  certainly beats the standard you typically see in the suburbs . 
  even so , looks like walkable pieces dropped down in a place no one would want to walk anyway . 
  what a great bit of perspective . 
  thanks for sharing , seems you should have been the one to write that . 
  my place is just around the corner on liberty so i went there plenty and every time it seemed it was myself and maybe one other table/party . 
  shame if they did close . 
  place had lots of potential . 
  * bavaria , to roll munich , berchtesgaden , konigsee and the countryside together . 
  * downtown savannah , ga, 
  * florence , italy, 
  * verona , italy, 
  * strasbourg , france, 
  * gates pass , arizona, 
  * the lone cypress , california, 
  * middleton place , south carolina, 
  listing these just makes me realize how many more places i want to see . 
  give burning man a permanent home, 
  really good of you to do this !, 
  i hope karma comes around for you . 
   post about taking pics of cool location in town, 
   does n't post pics, 
  i think you 're doing it wrong . 
  but all the same have an upvote for username . 
  talos guide you . 
  that worked !, 
  brace yourself for how janky the cabs are though . 
  if you are thinking ny or european cabs ... let that go . 
  the cabs you look for here are the cabs you pass as gypsy cabs everywhere else . 
  i like yellow cab simply because they have more cars and a dispatch office that will get someone to you reliably ( weekend nights less so ) . 
  if you are thinking of a van , you will find one though there are so many small brands i could n't tell you which to call . 
  and just to add , enjoy our town !, 
  if it 's your first time , sure , check out river street but i highly recommend walking down jones , bull , barnard and gaston streets and taking time to check out broughton and congress ( for drinking ) as well . 
  river st. is nice and all but those streets are where the magic is . 
  though i am moving to london soon , savannah , ga is currently home and i know what it 's like to tire of tourists all around making a mess of things . 
  and see , we have tourists from all over florida . 
  floridians are simply the worst . 
  i have to remind myself to appreciate the fact that i live in a place worth traveling to and that , as a local , i really can behave in a way that makes or breaks their experience or offers a new dimension to their trip . 
  the community here has the power to offer perspective before they wind up arriving in london and standing to the left while yelling . 
  you are the first line of defense and the first to welcome them . 
  may as well create a place to do so efficiently . 
  then again i might just be an overenthusiastic nob, 
  i can definetely relate to this , though i do n't think i 've really talked about it with other vets ... i guess in a way i 'm usually too far removed from others who have shared experiences to even go into depth about how we feel now . 
  when i talk with old friends who served it 's usually about how it was , not how it is * now * in relation to our time in . 
  i think for me it 's mostly the weight of our actions mean less now . 
  before , i worked as part of a machine that took lives , that sought to preserve lifes , to improve the security and lives of thousands ... with the exception of the typical garrison bs , what we did on deployments mattered , what we did back home mattered so that we would be the best prepared to carry out our mission when we were called on again . 
  living month to month , just working to make a better buck or to pursue an education for the same just does n't have the same weight . 
  we are trained to think of the team yet this civilian pursuit is a pusuit for the self . 
  i hope it balances out , but i think we may have been wired different at this point . 
  another thing . 
  i ca n't help but think of what is happening in iraq now , of those serving now and feel like i am just not with my team . 
  i have my old units on facebook and whenever the pao posts pictures of an ftx and i see guys setting up tents in ft. bragg 's pinestraw or filling a radio on the hood of a hummer or circling up before a patrol ... . i can hear the pinestraw slipping underfoot , i can feel the texture of that dry chemical absorbant paint used on all our vehicles , i can hear the m4 rattle when i grab the receiver ... i can smell the mildewy smell of oe254 bags and gp medium tents that never really dried before they were tossed into the conex after the last exersize . 
  and look at that jacked up soldier with the crooked nametape and dangly ir tab ... 
  i feel like i should be back there . 
  though i do n't think i want to be . 
  and i know i should be moving on . 
  as i guy i ca n't help but be wooed by maggie heath and that proximity she seems to have to ethereal grace . 
  all of them are wonderful in what they project on stage though and whoever wrote the lyrics has got one hell of a heart and mind . 
  i 've only been switched onto them a few months and i ca n't seem to find much in the way of shows .
