  but in that rationalization is well , rational ideas as to how to help . 
  part of the reason i posted here . 
  tickets are bought and my leave dates are set - it is abandon lots of dollars , lots of planning and lots of hope or it 's react to and do the best i can within the new realities . 
   if you do believe you can really help, 
  at the very least i can give another set of hands a rest . 
  at the very least i can bring money to a tea house owner who may be facing an otherwise long drought of customers . 
  something organized really depend on what links i can find in the meantime . 
  seeing all the international teams pouring in i wonder how smoothly the search-rescue , clearing operations are carrying on . 
  i also wonder how much is media hype , they will paint the grimmest picture they can of course and humanity often prevails in ways the hype-machine never cares to capture . 
  i do not mean to downplay the numbers . 
   bring all your own supplies, 
  this hits me in the gut and i would really appreciate any word from someone on the ground there . 
  i can purify my own water but i can only carry so many snack bars . 
  the last thing i want to do is take from the mouths of others . 
  again i hope kathmandu is internationally linked well enough that food shortages should not develop . 
  as for more rural portions of the country , it was mentioned elsewhere that `` those people have been providing their own goods via yaks and local gathering for generations , they should be ok without a truckload of cokes . '', 
  i hope that is holding true . 
  this guy knows what 's up, 
  ok , where on earth can i find documentaries like this online ? 
  any place they could be downloaded to watch offline ? 
  i would n't know what to search for in torrents and most documentaries seem to be old history channel type programs . 
  i 've yet to dive into the comments ... but man , thanks for asking this . 
  you 've put to words a problem i 've been aware of within myself some time now . 
  it happened to me with a woman i loved/love very much , the timing of one of the crushes coincided with being particularly irritated with one of her quirks and i basically sabotaged the relationship . 
  i 've come to recognize myself as the bad guy in the story but i am trying hard to shed that part of myself . 
  i did the same thing , hell , right at seven months ago now . 
  i work one continent and very large body of water away from her now and other women have come and gone from my life . 
  there are no real reminders of her here either ... yet still she is there so often . 
  i am trying to learn from it . 
  take it as a hard , hard lesson in appreciation , in consideration and overall mindfulness . 
  let 's hope we both tread with wiser feet next time . 
  well , i mean exactly that . 
  cum as expected and then immediately afterwards cumming again . 
  no time to regroup , just bam and boom and holy hell did i just see jesus ? 
  it was separate and distinct , almost as if as soon as one orgasm was out the other took its turn on the same roller coaster ride . 
  yep , this is what i 'm talking about . 
  i understand that it 's special , but i want it back in my life !, 
  i hate the thought of not finding that again . 
  exactly it , and i think i 'll have to adopt your term for it . 
  do you think it was mostly mental for you ? 
  just the one . 
  this is exactly the kind of feed back i 'm looking for . 
  good to know !, 
  unfortunately i ca n't test ride a bike as i 'm sitting here in afghanistan . 
  will do . 
  these are the kind of comments i was looking for . 
  and nutters like abbot may well take the next us election ... this terrifies me . 
  keep your head up man . 
  stay engaged . 
  tomorrow will come . 
  oh i do . 
  i also recognize we have conservatives working as a force of regression and resisting any effort to improve that number . 
  i 'm saying i 'm afraid that they will hold power . 
  i do n't know why it has n't been said ... but hey , start it !, 
  no this is n't williamsburg but it is savannah and savannah has a good bit more going for it than most cities it 's size . 
  may as well have a bangbetter workshop too . 
  except that wahhabism is the near literal interpretation of islam which leads to fundamentalists donning suicide vests ... 
  not at all . 
  the saudi 's are playing a complicated game of regional , internal and global politics with the ability to wield their oil production as a geopolitical sledgehammer , a subtle one at that . 
  balancing fundamentalists in their own country with western relationships , exporting wahhabist ideology and assuring westerners of their commitment to regional security all the while ... it would n't be hard to continue on . 
  you ca n't compare the hermit kingdom to the sauds in any sensible way . 
  except for the millions that condone the oppression of women , exporting extremist ideology and are ok with people being executed in the street for witchcraft . 
  oh and those dicks who park their supercars illegally in london every summer . 
  reading the comments it seems like it . 
  nevermind this has been going on for decades ... 
  i 'd love to know what brand those dual gauges are on his sporty . 
  thanks for the word , considering a swap of the single gauge on my iron . 
  the weeknights are busy enough , it 's when you see other downtown friends and have a good time without the huge weekend commute to drink crowd . 
  i ca n't stress enough , check out abe 's on lincoln around 9ish on monday . 
  they have an open mic crowd that usually puts on an amazing and free show . 
  the bar staff is beyond excellent too . 
  tuesdays molly 's has an open mic and every night mcdunoughs and the rail will have a decent crowd . 
  just poke around , you 'll find something good . 
  i 've been looking on and off for a few years and i 'm just getting to the point where i may jump on one . 
  at the moment , the rove concepts replica has my vote . 
  i just hesitate to take the plunge without seeing it in person . 
  i know exactly what you mean , but it somehow defies my normal aversion to similar things from that era . 
  it 's slowly won me over . 
  have an upvote bruh , to each their own, 
  you bought the real one ? 
  i am looking at the rove concepts replica ... did you compare any of the other options ? 
  break it to her gently, 
  see , i 'm a guy who would go for a chesterfield and that classic look long before something post modern , it 's definitely the exception not the rule . 
  i 've been avoiding denver because of that demon horse at the airport ... might be worth risking it to check out that lounge . 
  it 's good that you are asking these questions , i have not heard his position on many of these issues though i 'm sure they would arise as the campaign moves ahead . 
  i feel that sanders passion for a better , more progressive america is what has won me over . 
  his interests are our interests and i believe he will respond to the points you mentioned in our best interests . 
  our current geopolitical stance has got to adapt to the use of more soft power and our priorities have been focused on defense over domestic issues for too long . 
  you can see the rot . 
  his election would signal a sorely needed realignment of national priorities . 
  til atomic tourism was a thing, 
  i think that 's the exact kind of feedback i was hoping to hear . 
  you may have just sold me on the rove concepts option . 
  how long have you had it ? 
  i 'm not a smart man ... 
  savannian here . 
  you 're gon na love it . 
  forget river st , or if you do check it out , just breeze through . 
  prettiest streets in town with the most to see along them - walk down bull st to forsyth , head back up barnard st and then loop jones st. and gaston st. 
  you 'll find plenty of shops , restaurants , bars , history and beauty on the way .
