  thanks !, 
  i do n't think i got to hear any bmir once camp was set up , this will be good to see what others were up to . 
  but are n't the rice fields being burned at this time ? 
  especially up north ? 
  that is my concern . 
  i do n't want to be breathing smoke every day and i do n't want to see nothing but haze on the horizon . 
  crazy ? 
  what am i making this up ? 
  well i wish you 'd offer something besides ` this is crazy ' or stating it 's a myth . 
  i mean , i 'm looking at pictures of it and friends who taught english there said to avoid it . 
  i think this is the weirdest discussion i 've ever had on reddit . 
  is this just some super subtle trolling ? 
  i see the fields burn any time from december to april , depends . 
  i see pictures showing just how bad it can be in chiang mai and mae hong son in particular places , two places i would like to go . 
  it obviously is n't a myth or a non-issue if so many people have chosen to discuss it , plan trips around it , warn would be visitors about it , etc etc. 
  ok , that i can work with . 
  so it 's a passing thing ? 
  like a passing storm that rarely would define a whole day ? 
  thanks for a more concise answer !, 
  i heard it could get pretty bad , the timeline for it is n't clear though . 
  good to hear it might be avoidable !, 
  hoping to go solo : /, 
  any blogs you 'd recommend that have done this ? 
  i 'm sure there 's plenty to learn from them . 
  intelligence analyst/human terrain analyst, 
   were you only planning on doing the w ? 
  i was hoping to complete the whole `` o '' instead . 
  the perito moreno glacier , and really , nothing else that is currently planned . 
  i will learn more , keep my ear to the ground when i get there , but the goal is the trek , the rest will be time to explore further as it feels right . 
  any thoughts ? 
  i was there !!, 
  the movie started two hours late so i had to leave in the last 15 minutes of the movie to get back to work . 
  that took some willpower, 
  people were stoked !, 
  i work nights so i went to the first show of the day and just barely got in before the room filled . 
  when i left , wow , there was a line of maybe 300 plus ( lowball ) waiting outside in the cold to catch a seat as soon as the movie emptied . 
  it was really incredible that disney sent someone over with the movie , that 's what they did , an actual executive brought over a physical copy of the movie , 18 hours flying one way so that we could enjoy it . 
  i 'm super grateful they went through the trouble . 
  everyone else was too . 
  i really have n't , to google !, 
  ten years swimming in alphabet soup , but no , never specifically part of the nga . 
  squints can do some incredible work though . 
  it 's not the world i want to be in anymore . 
  because i 'm posted in afghanistan right now . 
  you , reddit , you , are my family . 
  i am grateful for the experience , the ability to effect change , to shift policy , to save lives , all real parts of the day to day . 
  the word ` job ' does n't cut it . 
  even so , not all assignments afford such lofty aspirations . 
  what did you wind up doing ? 
  i 'm looking for a transition to the real world and it is n't nearly as clear cut as i hoped it would be . 
  i would like to leave my camera behind completely , it 's incredible though how a photo can take me back to exactly how i felt , what happened before and after it ... 
  i think i just need to find a friend who takes lots of pics and keep them close , lol . 
  you know , i wondered how many phone screens i 'd see flashing in front of me during the man burn . 
  surprisingly enough , despite the hundreds around , i must have seen less than a dozen flash up occasionally . 
  mine never came out and i 'm glad . 
  i just mean to say , most crowds would have hard far more phones out . 
  perhaps burners are doing it more right than most . 
  wait wait ... 
  there was a goat orgy sound installation in deep playa ? 
  having read the full article now , i just had to come back to comment on how beautifully written it was and doubly , how hard this line hit . 
  `` what has n't changed in the few years i have attended is the presence of so many photographs of young men : doe-eyed , pink cheeked youths who look as if they 'd fit right in on the playa if they were wearing furry boots and facepaint instead of fatigues , young men who have been killed in some other desert in one of our interminable wars . '', 
  as a veteran , i know some of those faces , i did n't expect for others to notice in the same way . 
  rants and raves ? 
  i got out in 2011 , i just wish i 'd had this subreddit to retreat to back in mah day . 
  i hate to make too many generalizations , but this will have to do . 
  male - 16-21 - lives with parents still . 
  urban aesthetic , shoes , etc imply city living , mercedes poster on the wall , so maybe stuttgart ? 
  elsewhere in northern germany ? 
  thin build . 
  neat and orderly ( insert stereotypical german joke here ), 
  having spent years working in the middle east , face to face with the extremes of paranoia and islamic fundamentalism ... arabs in general , like no other group i 've ever encountered have this ability to conjure and actually believe absolute bullshit conspiracy nonsense . 
  stuff like what this mufti just said is no doubt being discussed matter of factly throughout the muslim world . 
  cat on shoulder ? 
  was that zack and miri ? 
  also , you 've listed but a few of the reasons i so love this town . 
  it surely has something special in the air . 
  glad you see it too . 
  did you see mr. williams play at abe 's ? 
  maybe fake eyed ? 
  thanks for saying this . 
  i 've lived in places ranging from brooklyn , to munich , to fayetteville , nc . 
  cities , suburbs , etc. 
  having seen what i do and do not want in a home , i 've been able to find a place where i am truly happy . 
  i 've since made savannah , ga my home and if find myself completely content there due to the local beauty , community and all the area has to offer . 
  find that !, 
  if you do n't have some sort of love or appreciation for where you live , you 're in the wrong place !, 
  green truck . 
  / thread, 
  as someone who was struck by the initial allure when it first opened and frequented often awhile , this post is accurate . 
  ca n't be bothered to go there now . 
  ** submission statement : ** the author explores the assertion that the islamic world must embrace the enlightenment ideals the western world forged over so many centuries of conflict , and yet , he explores the reality that the west bled for centuries following it 's religious conflicts and is still evolving today . 
  `` muslims have encountered post-enlightenment western society in myriad ways for a long time , and they are torn among themselves in reaction . 
  today 's islamists , whose reaction understandably preoccupies us , do not live in a historical bubble . 
  indeed , more than a few of those rallying to the cause spent their formative years in western societies and were educated in western schools . 
  they have seen the west 's version of the future and do not believe that it works . 
  not only , then , does the west 's past help us understand islamism today , islam 's present is also instructive about where the west finds itself in the long , turbulent , and still ongoing history of its own enlightenment . '', 
  thanks to the internet it 's often quite clear how differently islamic figures speak to non-muslim audiences . 
  it 's nothing new and it 's partly pandering to both audiences . 
  i wish more were aware of the practice itself and its origins . 
  according to those who adopt fundamentalist islam , we are very much at war , that alone gives them permission to deceive nonbelievers as circumstances allow .
