  was this one of them ? 
  pink duct tape and sharpie was my mo, 
  anyone have pictures of this ? 
  ** that we could make a lasting difference . 
  the utter pointlessness of our efforts there . 
  iraq somehow feels more like `` my '' war even though i 've now spent more time in afghanistan . 
  i came here expecting more of the same that i 'd seen in iraq , switching the urban centers for mountains with few superficial changes beyond . 
  iraq was backwards sure , tribal or ethnic rivalries abounded , rumor , paranoia and ignorance were the order of the day , corruption and incompetence the expected norm of government and military officials . 
  expectations were exceedingly low is what i mean to say . 
  yet , i was still shocked by how much worse things were in afghanistan . 
  iraq could at least cling to the vestiges of modern society that had existed prior to the invasion . 
  there was a backbone of educated , experienced men who could assist in the reconstruction of their communities and the reconstitution of their government . 
  afghanistan on the other hand has been wrought by conflict for generations . 
  kabul has been a shadow of itself since the fall of the soviet backed najibulllah and subsequent razing by competing militias . 
  the countryside is largely content in its own isolation . 
  there is no tradition of central government though local leaders are happy to receive funds from afar , just do n't expect them to cede power in any meaningful way or remain loyal to anyone but the nearest warlord with the most guns and the right tribal name . 
  there seems to be a desperation here , an expectation for the house of cards to tumble down and the old tensions to set the country afire again once we depart . 
  and they know we will . 
  our presence and power are known to be temporary and afghans plan accordingly . 
  those with power are positioning themselves for the coming conflict . 
  those with money are generally buying their way to a new life elsewhere . 
  those with ties to isaf/nato/us forces are usually trying desperately to find a visa to leave the country behind . 
  those with nothing seem to be resigned to their own destruction ahead . 
  in iraq , despite what happened in the end ( see malaki alienating the sunnis and the cessation of sof targeting efforts ) , i felt that i could see the light at the end of the tunnel . 
  they had a chance for a prosperous and peaceful future . 
  i 've never suffered such an illusion in afghanistan . 
  actually , at night i was busy working to remove the violent extremists and radicals from the streets they were happy to spill so much blood on . 
  were you there for the 2010 elections ? 
  iraq had a chance !, 
  sunni , shia , kurd all flooded to the polls . 
  a government was formed that actually reflected the make up of iraq , a government malaki began to dismantle on sectarian grounds as soon as our combat forces began to depart . 
  at the same time , we were forced to take our boot off the throats of aqi/isi/jrtn and others who could barely function as quickly as we were killing and capturing their leadership . 
  the cessation of night raids and malaki 's sectarian purge undid the progress that had been so hardly won . 
  just the same , i was already enlisted by the time i came to grasp the scale of the con that led us into iraq . 
  if you are an iraqi , i 'm genuinely sorry for what led us there . 
  if you are an american , never , ever let yourselves be deceived to such a degree again . 
  remember , and prosecute those who led to such loss of life and treasure . 
  ask the hard questions , forget the taboos about discussing religion or politics . 
  give a shit . 
   this was not your war . 
  this was no one 's war . 
  i was a naive fool who wanted to serve my country . 
  i came to find myself in a couple of wars because of it . 
  you may think yourself pithy and profound for making such a statement , but it 's not you who has to measure the loss or justify giving so much of your life to something which ultimately , was based on a lie , and which ultimately failed . 
  got ta link ? 
  conceitedness for sure, 
  then there are those who act like they are always putting on a production , a show , a flip of the hair then a scan of the room to see who noticed , a laugh and then the same . 
  as many rangers and vets there are in the area i really hope you get a bite or two here . 
  i 'm former military and still look the part , but i work abroad otherwise i 'd jump for the experience . 
  and thanks for using r/savannah as you have , awesome opportunities you keep presenting the community . 
  thank you !, 
  savannah , ga, 
  * anyone on the trolleys, 
  * anyone on river st, 
  * anyone taking a ghost tour, 
  * anyone that goes to paula deen 's restaurant, 
  * anyone with a florida license plate who just nearly killed me on my bike . 
  most seem to be white and middle class with bright t-shirts and beige shorts . 
  late 30 's to 50 's as a couple or with family in tow . 
  those from the suburbs/tourists just stick out.....wal-mart america . 
  oddly enough , as many tourists as there are , i find some of the most beautiful streets nearly free of them by day and certainly empty by night . 
  every so often i 'll be on a walk at night and wonder aloud `` how am i the only one out enjoying this ! '', 
  it really is a beautiful place . 
  incredible work always , looking forward to seeing them . 
  can we consider deleting/banning these posts ? 
  mata hari 's lost its luster for me a long time ago , but years of pointing tourists right to it have n't helped it keep its allure . 
  i 'd like us to have a ` speakeasy ' of sorts . 
  a nice place where people dress well and the music is n't too loud to hear yourself think ( yeah they do n't meet ideal anymore either ) . 
  a place you can pretend a bit , be a bit fancy and go to another age . 
  maybe mata hari 's just is n't the answer and another business could/should fill the void for what it claims to offer . 
  it 's funny because i will usually happily help tourists find whatever they like , but seeing so many posts on here ... 
  sidebar for tourists maybe ? 
  check out r/travel, 
  whatever listlessness you feel , the fear of stepping out , throw yourself somewhere and hold onto the momentum . 
  who knows what you will find . 
  no matter what , you will grow . 
  you got lucky . 
  i 've lost count of the times i 've flown in and out of dubai . 
  never seen it that clear though , always the haze and dust !, 
  here you are ,, 
  [ this ] ( http://www.noetic.org/research/project/mindatlarge ) was my starting point as far as the rng project goes . 
  dr. radin begins discussing the experiment at burning man [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/kkuwwbyhq50?t=24m4s ) . 
  the only reason i even found the project was through my attempts to find the talk i heard at red lightning . 
  if anyone camps with them i 'd love to know if videos are available anywhere , it looks like they had some class acts . 
   i am happy you the term magic and `` unexplained science '' in the same breath . 
  i consider myself a very practical , objective and often times far too serious individual , but i like the reminders that we do n't know it all , that there is more to learn and some things that may never be explained . 
  i like the idea that magic exists just fine , only we 've now learned to speak its language through science . 
  the idea of collective consciousness may be difficult to measure , but tell me anyone out there on the playa does n't know that there is indeed something in the air , something shared . 
  and thanks for pointing out the issue with the links , should be fixed now . 
  first time writing for myself in this medium . 
  the team was apparently out there for 2015 , i 'm keeping an eye out for their findings . 
  amazon wishlist here we go, 
  thank you !, 
  i subscribe to foreign policy and the atlantic which i 'm quite happy with . 
  tempted to subscribe to fast company or wired . 
  forget gq and the likes , you 're paying for ads . 
   you must drastically lower your expectations of women . 
  stop expecting them to have the same work-ethic , discipline , and intellectual honesty as men . 
  this resonated big time . 
  i 'll say right off , i 'm not a regular trp reader , i 'm curious about the concept , but honestly , i find many of the points outlined here already present in my personality , if the purpose of this subreddit is to craft each other into men more capable of attracting women , i do n't need it .
