  i do n't think they make up a majority , but they are a significant portion of our citizenry nonetheless . 
  surprised to hear this call for clarification or specificity from the guy who just said our workforce is `` literally shit '' then went on to say that our locals could n't even make hotel beds . 
   did you not think your statement out , and just react on a gut feeling ? 
  savannah on a whole is indeed undereducated and does indeed have a poor public school system ; a system that exists in large part because of the preference for private institutions in town and decades of underfunded public institutions . 
  is it any wonder so much of the population remains poor and uneducated when we 've priced so many out of the option of receiving a decent education . 
  we failed to invest in our people - period . 
   capital coming in because of tourism does not betrays the locals ... 
  no , it 's never that black and white . 
  it is elevating the pursuit of short term profit above the needs of the community . 
  we live here , spend here , build here , and deserve to have a city that places us before so many tourists from wal-mart america or backwoods ohio . 
  that does not mean we should turn our back on the industry , as i have said elsewhere , i think we 've done quite a bit to accommodate tourists and we 've reached a peak of sorts , at least with the infrastructure we have currently . 
   it is all ready bringing in other industries , for example our film industry is growing so much , that the airport is trying to get direct flights from lax . 
  it is also fueling the development of hutchinson island , e and w river st , and starland . 
  all great things . 
  it is my hope that many of the scaddies who leave here will encourage a return to this market as they elevate themselves in their respective career fields . 
  that return does n't rely on tourism though . 
  starland is where i live now , and its resurgence is , i think in large part due to locals being priced out of downtown ( i 'm one of them ) and making do here . 
  the vibrancy here is another testament to what good can come when locals dream and do - local businesses that keep money in the community and elevate us all . 
  the lofty prices that are becoming the norm downtown lessen the likelyhood of local businesses getting into the game or staying in as rents rise as chains are the only ones that can foot the costs . 
   sorry i hurt your feelings, 
  keep that sort of smug nonsense with your boys over on t_d, 
   some bold offensive clam, 
  if you find one of these let me know , i 'd like to eat it . 
  friend , i 've spent four years in afghanistan , breathing the same dust as you most likely . 
  it was my job to explore these things and my sources were n't cnn or the nyt . 
  i 'm not sure why you would try to deny the existence of hqn and i have no idea what would make you think that the fata wo n't return to lawlessness the second government forces have completed their sweep . 
  i ask again , how many times has the area been `` cleared . '', 
  your point of view is appreciated and valued , as reddit as a whole is terribly amerocentric . 
  just the same , pakistan and india both are not known for being rational and objective in their portrayal of regional actors or indeed their very own behavior as a state . 
  i appreciated this exchange . 
  the brice is right off a beautiful square , is co-located with a great restaurant and a literal 10-20 minute walk has you everywhere you want to be . 
  what on earth is `` the heart '' of the historic district if that is n't ? 
  on a scale of one to god the fancy parkers renovation is trash , how upset should we be ? 
  either way , better than the laquita on abercorne or richmond hill . 
  it 's not just the south , it 's suburban and rural wal-mart america , which is everywhere in every region . 
  i agree , it 's mostly aesthetic ( and wine ) but man i just do n't care for it anymore . 
  it does n't elicit the same vibe as before . 
  let me know when and where so i can grab a beer and watch below . 
  also , i want your apartment . 
  `` when you combine this with the epidemic of short-term vacation rentals , we see the trend towards a sprawling tourism/entertainment district which will , if trends continue , in the near future be almost devoid of year-round residents . 
  the funny thing is , i almost never hear citizens say that what they want most is more public investment downtown . 
  i hear people say they want crime to be better addressed everywhere . 
  i hear people say they want better schools throughout the district . 
  i hear people say they want a lot less corruption in local government . 
  i hear people say they want more and better transportation options throughout chatham county . 
  i hear people say they want more jobs that pay higher than minimum wage . 
  what i almost never hear anyone say is that they want more public/private partnerships to build more hotels and condos . 
  the usual argument in favor of these big projects is that they will eventually generate more tax revenue than the original taxpayer investment . 
  but the problem is that we seem to be chasing our tail . 
  the more revenue generated , the more revenue there is to plow back into large-scale projects in the tourist/entertainment district instead of where the overwhelming , vast majority of city of savannah residents actually live . '', 
  a fantastic , and needed , article . 
  just scoot around forsyth and stop into some coffee shops - also , check out any all age shows you hear about downtown . 
  there are only so many , but this place is too vibrant for you to worry about being able to meet people . 
  or you could just get fakes and go to the same three bars everyone else does . 
  i 'm all the way down in savannah , making a trip soon though . 
  i know nova , middleburg specifically and i dig it . 
  savannah is wonderful for so many reasons , but we do n't have proximity to a major metro like you do - we do n't have the shenandoah valley on our doorstep either - and when it comes to well paying , white collar work , we 're seriously lacking . 
  that said - god i love it here . 
  dammit mark - i somehow read `` finally '' and your name before the rest of the post . 
  i was so ready . 
  it 's a gift what you do - i saw you at eggs bar last year - sans camera , and you were rad . 
  glad to share the same weird part of the world with ya mark . 
  does anyone bathe their partner as part of aftercare ? 
  i 've wanted to do this for some time , but sort of envisioned it on the back end of things . 
  what you said here - i hope it echoes in city hall today . 
  there is a lot of anger and sadness today , but it aught to be channeled into something constructive , including support for the community that raised this thug - support in the form of long term development , investments , education and so on . 
  ugh , have an upvote, 
   all you got ta do is sit by your mailbox and wiggle excitedly . 
  accurate . 
  i owe many of my greatest experiences , favorite memories and dozens of friendships not to mention immeasurable happiness , inspiration , beauty , excitement and peace to the kindness and generosity of this here burner/redditor person . 
  thanks u/oneburningticket, 
   so carpe the diem if you wan na carpe the playa . 
  i think this is foreshadowing ya 'll - op wants to see baby carp . 
  no - just no, 
  guys ... it 's rocks on the roof, 
  what is this ? 
  it sounds fun . 
   also : why the fuck is everyone ok with these people referring to other people as animals ? 
  who the fuck thinks that that is ok ? 
  right ?? 
  be angry if you must - fight for what you believe to be right absolutely , but dehumanizing others is the wrong road , no matter what they did . 
  ask why . 
  find out what can be done then to fix it . 
   subhuman animals that need to be put down . 
  dude , you are a trash person . 
  it hurts to read this . 
  funny thing , the suburban apartment complexes have been more fair and trustworthy whereas private landlords have gone form genial and friendly to absolutely cut-throat dishonest after a move . 
  i rent downtown in a city , slumlords everywhere and i do n't trust any of them anymore . 
  how long before republicans repeal this `` burdensome , job killing '' regulation ? 
  i was working abroad throughout the campaign and returned home just as we voted . 
  the questions and bewilderment expressed to me just in the election alone had me incredibly worried and ashamed . 
  then to see these fools who have never traveled saying that trump has restored america to respect around the world ... . it 's outrageous and there is no way to prove them wrong since they wo n't leave their bubble . 
  except that the counter-narrative exists that the iraqi victory and indeed the progress in syria is owed to massive amounts of western material support . 
  the idea of a softer version of islam winning out over the barbarism ( through fundamentalist interpretation of islam ) of isis is somewhat tainted when you consider that the great satan/infidels/the west bankrolled the success . 
  further , isf are heavily shia - the kurdish elements exist largely on their own and sunni iraq ... sunni 's are still and will remain marginalized . 
  how many will return to insurgent action ? 
  meanwhile , the rest of the muslim world remains divided between sunni and shia blocks with powerful actors supporting the violent end of the other . 
  this is far from over because the ideas presented by isis and the countless groups like it have not been defeated . 
  maybe they never will be ? 
  they can not be defeated through conventional arms and the conversation within the muslim world has a * long * way to go .
