  i will go first , and what i do , you do . 
  and god is my witness -- i will never leave you , my brothers and knights '' . 
  zrinski was shot twice in the chest and killed by an arrow to the head during the charge . 
  before the charge zrinski ordered a slow fuse be set in the castles powder magazine . 
  after breaking the hungarian assault the ottoman army entered the remains of szigetv\u00e1r and fell into the booby trap . 
  the ottoman grand vizier ibrahim 's life was saved by one of zrinski 's household who warned him of the trap when the vizier and his troops searched for treasure and interrogated the survivors . 
  while inquiring about treasure the prisoner replied that it had been long expended , but that 3,000 lbs of powder were under their feet to which a slow match had been attached . 
  the vizier and his mounted officers had just enough time to escape but 3,000 turks perished in the explosion . 
  the siege cost enough lives , time and resources to effectively end the ottoman drive west . 
  it 's a story i had never heard until reading about the 1683 siege of vienna in which this battle was described in the prelude . 
  fergie ... she looks like a footballer, 
  i 'd recommend the hot springs in ocala , fla. . off the beaten path and beautiful . 
  take the same in consideration of a beach , sure the crowded beaches of miami or some other big town are fun , but you can find places just as beautiful and have them to yourself if you 're willing to look . 
  grandfather on my mother 's side fought in world war ii . 
  he landed in normandy a few days after the initial invasion , fighting until the breakout . 
  several months later he 's at a restive part of the front in belgium . 
  his unit is overrun as the battle of the bulge gets underway . 
  he is captured , herded into a field with a number of other american 's . 
  they were gunned down . 
  he was shot in the gut and went down , he said he remembered germans walking around him , hearing men moaning , single gunshots , he was kicked in the groin , somehow he did n't react in any way to show he was alive . 
  after night fell he crawled from the field , eventually meeting other american 's and being evacuated . 
  the shooting was called the massacre at malmedy , he survived it . 
  later he was a guard stationed in nuremburg during the trials and ended his time in the army as an mp cruising around germany on a harley . 
  when i was a kid he told me the gunshot wound was his `` second belly button '' which i believed . 
  he only spoke to my father , a veteran , about the above events and only told me much less years later after i got back from iraq . 
  he 's still a clever bastard and keeps you on your toes around him . 
  my grandfather on my father 's side was a navigator on c-130 's during the siege of khe sahn . 
  the airfield was surrounded and planes could n't land due to the heavy fire . 
  i 'm not sure of the details , but their flight lost a plane to fire , it was implied they would turn around , grandfather 's plane then went in again and again pushing pallets of much needed supplies out the back , followed by other planes . 
  the entire crew was awarded the dfc . 
  i could n't respect him more , he speaks little but when he does it carries a weight , he 's the patriarch of our family and has been an amazing example for us all . 
  i 'm not sure why there is a desire or need to paint one side or the other as `` bad guys '' . 
  of course we see slavery as a abhorrent practice today , but we have to recognize this as a different time , with different social norms . 
  the confederates were solidly on the wrong side of history on that issue , but it 's a simplistic and debatable view to even say slavery was the core issue behind the war . 
  economic issues greatly affected events before and during the war . 
  southern states were dominating the world textile trade and southern ports were beginning to attract more trade traffic than northern counterparts due to this trade and more favorable tarrif practices . 
  also , the north had a consistent pool of fresh labor in the form of immigrants , the south relied on slaves to maintain their wealth and with no immediate replacement , slavery was crucial to the southern states . 
  northern pressure to end the practice was viewed as an attempt to undermine southern economies . 
  i would like to think though , that had the south seceded successfully , international and internal pressure would have broken the slavery system in a generation . 
  as for the right to secede , the decleration of independence states it quite clearly i think ... 
  * we hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their creator with certain unalienable rights , that among these are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . -- that to secure these rights , governments are instituted among men , deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed , -- ** that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends , it is the right of the people to alter or to abolish it , and to institute new government ** , laying its foundation on such principles and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness *, 
  states had the constitutional right to secede , whatever their reasons may have been . 
  the southern states legally seceded and established an independent government before being invaded by the north . 
  as for ft. sumter , the fort was located in southern territory and the union garrison refused to depart what was then defined as a seperate soveriegn state . 
  in the context of a foriegn garrison remaining within a seperate state it is n't quite as brutal as the story generally painted of a brutal surprise attack on hapless union troops in the garrison . 
  people tend to get heated about this discussion but i think if viewed objectively we all can agree that it was indeed a war of `` northern aggression '' without losing sight of the evils of slavery . 
  slavery alone did not mean the south was entirely morally corrupt or wrong in it 's cause . 
  if you 're doing it right , that should be the general progression of any given day . 
  if i may sir ,, 
  first off thanks for working to improve healthcare in the u.s. !, 
  it 's no debate that the united states has built a largely suburban environment post-wwii and we now live in an auto-centric/dependent society . 
  i am not one to believe in a technological magic-bullet that will allow us to continue to drive to all daily functions but that we will have to change our way of life . 
  for the question ; might there be any initiative to improve access to rail and public transportation outside of larger cities ? 
  it seems our rail network is hugely behind western europe 's . 
  also , i am writing from afghanistan and i would like to say the tranche transitions are being rushed , the ansf are nowhere near ready and people are afraid of a taliban resurgence . 
  giroa officials , ansf , alp and civilians alike are all aware of our pending departure and will gladly make deals with the taliban in order to ensure their long-term survival . 
  the `` insider threat '' has had it 's effect , we do not and will not trust the ansf . 
  the `` andar uprising '' was a unique and local issue that would not have occurred without hig presence . 
  it 's not the good news story isaf is attempting to push . 
  i 'm sorry your opponents are such ... well , i 'm sure you could think of a term or two . 
  speaking of second-terms , i hope this next one gives you a little less grey hair . 
  i 'm not being taxed by the country i 'm in as i am in a government contracting position . 
  that is where the confusion lies . 
  i 'm glad i do n't have to wade through the quagmire of two nations tax codes but i ca n't find anything in our own that speaks to recouping taxes that have already taken in order to receive the `` first 090k tax exemption '' i keep hearing about . 
  this is exactly the kind of stuff i 've been looking for . 
  thanks for posting it !, 
  wow , that csm has not even deployed ... 
  exactly , i ca n't help but lose a lot of respect for dudes like that . 
  when so many of us have spent years away . 
  make that yet another brand i 'm ridiculously in love with but ca n't get in the states ... 
  we 're team hypnotoad sitting behind you . 
  the tall guy facing you wants your picture . 
  oddly enough merona at target has a chambray shirt in that wash and with similar buttons . 
  hangfire has trivia on thursday i think . 
  i had gone to crystal beer parlor for trivia once and it was even more packed than mellow ... an older crowd though . 
  was debating whether or not to mention hashing , since it 's a blast and being outdoors relevant to her interests . 
  this is nfhn josh btw ... saggy ? 
  yep i 'm the one , the one with the face from savannah . 
  there are 4 of us on the way to mellow shortly ... 3 from bluffton and myself . 
  the first bite or three is fucking delicious . 
  then your sandwich becomes soup or gets on your pants ... then dogs sniff your crotch on the walk home . 
  e5 and no deployments , how does this happen these days ? 
  chris ,, 
  i just wanted to say that it seems you have been particularly active in reminding us of the ongoing mission in space through your web presence . 
  it seems every other week i see your face somewhere new , each time a reminder that we are up there still . 
  thanks . 
  you 've obviously never smelled a body burning . 
  i 'd rather not have smelled such a thing , but i 've encountered it multiple times in iraq . 
  edit : ninjaturtlesoup 's link explains it better than i want to . 
  you live int he b-huts east of disney do n't you ? 
  in iraq , it was tcns shitting in the showers ... who knew they would follow to the stan too . 
  i stayed there traveling through more than a few times ... i liked b-huts so much more than chus ... maybe the smell of the wood ? 
  i 've got an odd anger coming over me remembering blood on the streets of mosul , baghdad and kabul after attacks and hoping to leave it there . 
  it 's sickeningly familiar but shocking to see on american streets . 
  and then it comes as a relief to see how few deaths there were and how small the blasts were . 
  i think we got off lucky . 
  and to think i asked at one point `` orange crush ? 
  why should that affect us drinking at tybee ? '', 
  am i the only one that keeps thinking of idiocracy in this thread ? 
  yes !,
