  for science . 
  on an hd 48 no less . 
  i 've done hard riding , a week in the thai highlands for instance , i expect it to suck , but if i can get there to enable the slow and enjoyable return trip ... i think it 's worth it . 
  no restrictions , i just hate highways . 
  it 's mind-numbing and i do n't know if i could do that on a 48 for however many days . 
  by highways i 'm thinking interstates like i95 . 
  i guess the term blurs to more enjoyable roads elsewhere . 
  i might be using the wrong terminology here . 
  when i think of highways i picture i95 and the like . 
  lots of traffic , wide , straight , with no scenery but the billboards . 
  could n't tolerate that for a week or however long . 
  yeah , i 'm stoked to chase down a few national parks , cities , friends , and enjoy everything in between . 
  the more i think about it , the more sensible it seems to fly back to the east coast and do a loop from there . 
  this was fantastic . 
  it 's funny , i never felt rejected at the burn , in fact it was wonderful experiences all around , there were however many instances where i just did n't feel ` cool enough . ', 
  thing is i 'm usually super confident and have enough substance and experience to break the ice and fit in with almost anyone . 
  i ( at times ) lost that at the burn though , i felt like i turned inwards and became more of a happy observer , who inside , wanted desperately to jump into this conversation or that group on the couch or that art car , you name it . 
  with campmates i never felt this way . 
  maybe it was this was 40 % of the time when i was alone . 
  i want to fix that this year . 
  worth the wait, 
  should i bring pickle backs again ? 
  and are you talking about that satan 's jizz cocktail the gent with all the bedazzling served ? 
  i trusted him for all of thirty seconds . 
  what a mistake . 
  i submitted weeks ago and was never able to select character in the drop down menu necessary for application . 
  anyone else had this issue ? 
  that does n't help . 
  i do n't have access yet to top tier vehicles . 
  i would like to actually have fun while playing and play as the same vehicles i faced while at lower levels rather than immediately face a new crop of untouchables every time i move up . 
  i jumped into a few rb rounds and enjoyed it , but there 's a new play style that comes with it and i have a lot to learn . 
  i 'm guessing there is no way to stack your br lineup so that you face vehicles within a certain range then ? 
  oh no ... i arrive in the morning, 
  it 's been years now but i still have no idea how bronies even became a thing . 
  can someone explain the appeal through their eyes then make it make sense for those of us who are n't autistic ? 
  they sucked me in for this year . 
  alluring winks and all that . 
  so far so good . 
  so i was supposed to fly from delhi to washington the 5th with a layover in istanbul ... 
  what now ? 
  i mean what recourse is there for this ? 
  stop . 
  just stop being apologetic . 
  that line of dialogue helps propel the absolutely , outrageously incorrect and crafted lie that saddam was pursuing more wmd and therefore justifying the invasion . 
  what was used to justify the invasion was wrong , period . 
  how have all of you forgotten about the couple of shootings on broughton we 've had ... the guy that ran into the olde pink house once ... the other guy who had a running shootout from broughton to reynolds square ... . 
  this is nothing new . 
  i read it all . 
  you are n't wrong , i do n't mean to say that , but the tone is apologetic for the logic that led us to war . 
  it 's like talking post weimar germany without talking about the nazis . 
  the current discussion pays subtle lip service to an error that caused as of yet unfinished violence to swell . 
  sorry if i came off wrong , as someone who has spent nearly five years of my life in one combat zone or another , it 's personal and i get a little overzealous . 
  this time last year i was halfway freaking out trying to scrounge up a ticket , and halfway resigning myself to being unable to attend another year . 
  last years version of this post made it all happen in my own little story . 
  just think that whoever is chosen here , they owe their experience , all they will see and do , to the kindness of another . 
  gratitude will ripple through every interaction and experience , and i think it might be richer for it . 
  thanks to u/oneburningticket for going to such lengths . 
  something something , fuck your burn . 
  after my first dose of heartache years ago , i spent two years casually going through the women in my city/social circle . 
  i was good to them in their own turn , but i was upfront about offering little more than casual , than friendship , than sex . 
  it got to the point where i felt broken , where i questioned wether i could even date seriously . 
  at the same time , i had a certain swagger because i could get whatever i wanted and my social value was very high . 
  so one poison means i surrender the benefits that come with ltr , and one poison means i put myself at risk of the barbs that come with an ltr . 
  what is the right answer ? 
  where is the middle ground ? 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  source for clinton ? 
  i want to know what made her try so hard to appear human there . 
  i just ... i just do n't get it . 
  i would hate anyone i knew that reacted that falsely to , well , anything . 
  and this is our least insane choice for commander in chief ? 
  i just finished the manali - leh - khardung la - nubra valley trip on an enfield two weeks ago . 
  when were you there ? 
  i 'm in the exact same boat . 
  it 's been nice to interact with others without being figuratively ` thirsty . ', 
  but this year , hell , i will be . 
  i would like a bit of playa romance and i 'm not sure i know how to go about finding it without tainting the experience with a load of expectations . 
  someone had to do it . 
  it was fucked . 
  that 's how it was . 
  not only the amber alert business , but can we get a memo on merging etiquette ? 
  any idea how to find that off of snapchat ? 
  apparently i was in it for a flash . 
  during build week , midday , clear skies , i saw a pelican . 
  i wasnt the only one . 
  i noticed the same thing during build week , a group of four or so real ravens , all as big as cats , hopping around just past the temple . 
  i imagine the piece would have attracted them , made them think there was something worthwhile in the area . 
  what gets me is the number of conservatives/republicans i hear denouncing the mass media while drinking up nothing but fox news propaganda . 
  the network itself is constantly attacking ` mainstream ' news as if they were anything but . 
  deployed to afghanistan - long distance relationship - ends two weeks before coming home . 
  * two years later *, 
  working abroad for two years - long distance relationship - ends four days before coming home . 
  this - thank you . 
  burn night , right after the lighthouses fell and cruising in an art car surrounded by furry things . 
  someone let me dj . 
  both by dan deacon , the first , man , just visualize all the moving lights on the playa at night ... the second , it 's an odyssey . 
  the visuals and vibe were perfect for both in their own right . 
  [ true thrush ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnxixlf7olo ), 
  [ when i was done dying ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tujquvbj4re ), 
  rag dolls in arma 2 ?
