  also , what time of year was this ? 
  i 'd really appreciate the clarity as i am about to go on another trip most likely and would like to get the most of it . 
  scars on knuckles could also indicated someone is mechanically inclined . 
  wrenching often results in bang ups to your hands and forearms . 
  let 's remove the timeline from this whole equation . 
  i 'm 27 , i 've got shit to do . 
  everything does n't have to be a game , commit to something , or commit to your disinterest . 
  almost certain there is one sitting outside at the pima air and space museum . 
  as a longtime lover of the weekly topic threads , will we be doing those again this year ? 
  there 's always plenty to learn within them . 
  while i think this is an exciting and worthwhile development , i 'm disappointed that it will be primarily hotels . 
  i look at this and wonder , where are all we savannahians supposed to live ? 
  a broader look from the wide shots shows hotels all the way down bay , all the way to the river and more . 
  when i think of my experience in the city , these are n't the places that lived and breathed , they were filled with tourists and avoided/passed through if anything . 
  is there anything on the radar to provide housing/affordable/urban options for locals ? 
  incredible video . 
  makes me want to go back - and to talk to this guy over a beer about how he got all these shots . 
  i was in chiang mai in early feb before heading elsewhere for a month . 
  i had a go pro but got very little footage of that quality . 
  it 's really impressive . 
  even so . 
  the jobs it will bring will be almost entirely service industry . 
  there is n't much long term opportunity for your average server/hotel staff/etc . 
  i 'm a little torn on this . 
  my gut wants to agree with you right away , to imagine our city as another sanitized center , the disneyfication/mallification of broughton . 
  but , i am happy in a way to see investment in downtown even if those investment dollars need to be corporate initially . 
  in a way , i 'd rather see the businesses that make up the malls southside scattered around downtown/midtown than to have so much business head to the parking lots southside . 
  downtown could and should be a shopping center for visitors and locals alike , with broughton as its center . 
  there are corridors of what could be great storefronts on bull , abercorne , broad st and others . 
  places just out of reach of the average tourist but ripe for local opportunity . 
  i think the city council could do something to protect our local institutions or to limit the influx of chain development , especially if we can make a solid case as to why . 
  as for the cronyism of it all , i have been away awhile and have failed to keep up , but it does cast a shadow over any potential growth . 
  yep . 
  savannah has so much potential , with a pool of scad grads , vets from hunter and stewart who might like to stay , never mind the transportation links and existing industry like jcb and gulfstream , savannah could be so much more if our leaders fought for it . 
  i think most are content just to take the lazy/easy money from tourists at the expense of locals . 
  how long have you been doing this ? 
  please do n't . 
  i wanted to start a hony style savannah series when i was there . 
  there 's certainly enough substance , and it would be nice for others to see the south in a new light . 
  and thanks for showing me characters ( some of those panhandlers ) i have n't seen in months . 
  i look forward to more . 
  three of my close friends just got their tickets as well . 
  i 'm as excited as i was when i got mine !, 
  your list is fantastic , to add my own ramblings ... 
  * bring less food . 
  that might sound counterintuitive but my first year my partner went a little off the shopping list . 
  instead of a week of canned ravioli and applesauce with a couple nice meals thrown in , we wound up with a cooler full of good ideas that slowly went to waste/muck . 
  i hated seeing so much go to waste and packing it out . 
  * bring something to fold clothes over/hang up clothes . 
  it got old digging through dusty luggage a couple days in . 
  * do more on the schedule . 
  two of the most rewarding experiences i had at camp contact and red lightning were things on the schedule . 
  granted , i happened to walk into both by chance but they had been on my radar , i just never made an active effort to attend , well , anything on my own . 
  * learn more . 
  i want to immerse myself more in camp events that expand my own frontiers . 
  * be more willing to reach out to others . 
  one morning just after sunrise i found a robot placed at the base of becoming human , the robot had instructions for a night of adventure and a plea to help get him home to camp so and so before sunrise . 
  well , he obviously had n't made it and as much as i tried , he was n't going to fit on my bike/i could n't carry him . 
  in hindsight , i should have just asked any of the burners around me , but i only putted around and wished the digital dude well before heading on my way . 
  i wo n't make that kind of mistake again . 
  where were the burns scheduled ? 
  i must have missed them in the guide . 
  i remember being surprised to see smoke on the horizon as the first burns went up . 
  it was wonderful friday going from one fire to the next to keep warm and making friends at each spot . 
  someone actually drags a gym out to the playa ? 
  wow . 
  never had or heard of vietnamese iced coffee but i 'm definitely going to check it out this year . 
  signed an nda or two in my day , she is most certainly a screaming exception to the rule . 
  careers would be ended and punishment swift for the rest of us . 
  is there a subreddit for this type of thing ? 
  pictures of what chain restaurants/fast food places actually deliver ? 
  drop out . 
  i 've got usaa/usaa renters insurance , but i 'm out of the military now . 
  i 'm a government contractor these days . 
  if it comes down to it , i would use the insurance to recover cost , but i 'd rather get my things back first and foremost . 
  as it stands , he still has them . 
  as someone who just picked the game up , this post was already a big help and fits with what i 've seen so far . 
  now if i could wrap my head around the research system and prioritizing it with all these currencies ... 
  still hoping for a little more ground to stand on . 
  if anyone can help me bracket this further , please do . 
  i gave the landlord till monday to return my items or i will be seeking a lawyer to take this forward . 
  i am * really * sorry about that first edit . 
  the reddit app is garbage compared to alien blue and i could n't see the majority of what i 'd typed until after it posted . 
  i appreciate the answers !, 
  i 'm content grinding away as i am , the lack of maps has just worn on me . 
  i think i 've only seen three or four maps in air and ground battles . 
  i thought for sure it would have mixed up by now . 
  i have more to latch onto when it comes to crews and the like . 
  i appreciate that . 
  clear and thorough answers . 
  thank you !, 
   'd recommend going into a test drive and messing around with the controls just to see what every option does . 
  i 'm going to do just this . 
  good to know those options are there . 
   make sure that you have a lineup of balanced brs, 
  battle rosters ? 
  this was a lesson i happily learned yesterday . 
  i thought that once i had earned a certain vehicle , i was doomed to using say three 1.0 aircraft with one 2.0 , i played far too long like that before realizing i could go back down , upgrade the rest of my crews vehicles and face more manageable opponents . 
  i played il2 with a joystick and could n't stand the idea of using a mouse to fly when i first tried this game . 
  i 'm working abroad now and my joystick is somewhere packed at home , this seems to work well enough now , surprisingly so .
