   should n't shock people as much if they 're a student of history at all, 
  i disagree , as a student of history we should be * past * this !, 
  this can never be ok and it should be even more outrageous that it 's happening now in 2015 . 
  there are plenty of other issues to face and overcome , too many to name , but we should never minimize the suffering of others because it does n't stack up to some historical example . 
  it 's funny , because this situation has been my understanding for some time now , the facts are there , the numbers tallied , and yet conservative continue with their same nonsensical dogma . 
  how can their views continue in the face of such obvious contradictions ? 
  then i remember evolution , and climate change . 
  facts do n't matter to them . 
  still infuriated . 
  i was on the abc trek during the may 15 earthquake . 
  aside from a few landslides and avalanches the trek was passable per normal . 
  the circuit however , were n't several villages basically swept away ? 
  i would say go , but consider the abc/poon hill route if the circuit is closed . 
  hire a guide , they are hurting desperately for business without the usual crowd and it wo n't set your wallet back too far . 
  happy to answer any other questions . 
  looking to team up for the ride in or looking to form a camp too ? 
  any more to share ? 
  i ride and if it is at all possible i 'll ride into the burn . 
  i made fun of him to his face once when he came to savannah . 
  he was at a bar on river st. and already hammered . 
  i do n't think he understood a word i said . 
  the guy just reeked of douche ... which i probably sound like making fun of a drunk guy and all . 
  not a fan of cruz , at all , in any sense . 
  but, 
  i have n't heard these things . 
  got any links about them ? 
  i tune in now and again . 
  i keep hoping to hear the playa advertisements or dj/burner banter . 
  if it 's just music i generally turn it off and go back to spotify . 
  i applied through ucas this year . 
  fantastic system compared to what we have in the states . 
  if it 's true i can apply directly than i may need to start doing some more leg work !, 
  good to know this is on the table . 
  thank you . 
  this is the sort of response i was hoping for . 
  i could fund distance a-levels if that is an option . 
  i have been unable to sync holiday/travel time with an sat testing date or location for two years now . 
  if the a levels offer more flexibility , i 'll jump all over it . 
  i had n't known about foundational years until this post . 
  i see kcl , ucl and queen mary all offer programs . 
  i am keen on entering uni this september , if that is the path i must take then so be it . 
  do applications for foundational studies mirror the general undergrad deadlines ? 
   80 % grade , 10 or 20 % personal statement, 
  i was under the impression that more weight was given to the personal statement in the uk . 
  that 's where my strength lies . 
  kcl , city , queen mary , leeds and bath . 
  international relations . 
  i 'm passing through london in just over a week . 
  i 'd like to meet with admissions personnel when i do . 
  my qualifications from high school were nothing to brag about . 
  back then , i knew what i wanted to do , to join the army and i could care less about the rest . 
  i 've learned plenty since then ... 
  looking at the foundational programs for kcl and qm it looks like they are geared primarily for non-english speakers , in fact , they do n't even list the us in the entry requirements for the programs . 
  thanks so much for the added context . 
  it 's something else having a conversation about topics i 've otherwise only googled . 
  without having ever heard these things discussed or had anyone to talk about them with should i like , i ca n't help but feel like much is missing . 
  i 'll be passing through london in just over a week . 
  i 've applied to kcl , city , queen mary , leeds and bath for international relations . 
  having a better idea of the norms , i 'll be contacting admissions for the london based schools to see if i can not briefly meet in person . 
  especially kcl , that is where i want to be and i would take another year of prep ( independent study to test or foundational program ) to get there if it were necessary . 
  you and / u/oj109 have certainly driven home that point . 
  turning away from a levels and looking at how i can actually attend an sat test . 
  down the rabbit hole i go ... 
  i applied for international relations programs at kcl , city , queen mary , leeds and bath . 
  i asked the same question over in / r/unitedkingdom and advice generally pointed away from trying to take a levels as they would be much more difficult than retaking the sat . 
  my scores from 2005 were nothing impressive , not at all what i know i 'm capable of , but i was an immature and headstrong 17 year old then and could care less . 
  that said , they also suggested i contact other universities wether i applied through ucas or not . 
  are you saying this is n't appropriate ? 
  as i wrap my head around what it would take to approach testing for a levels , i think the sat is a better idea . 
  i 'll be passing through london in just over a week , i hope to ask my london based choices for a meeting . 
  even if i have to delay another year , i want to present my best and i do n't want to settle for a program that is n't where/what i want . 
  maybe that you 've already passed this hurdle ? 
  maybe that you have a fantastic system for higher education that students from around the world might hope to attend . 
  maybe that your peers have given solid and thorough advice without the slightest bit of snark ? 
  i think it 's time someone complains about the weather . 
  a big fan of foreign policy for their daily brief . 
  been subscribed two years and happy as ever . 
  i 've just sent a couple of emails out to qm and kcl asking to meet when i pass through london ten or so days from now . 
  i said i 'd like to discuss a path to a placement in _____ university this academic year or the next . 
  i do n't want to settle for less than where i want to be , even if that means delaying further . 
  i 'm grateful for the experiences i 've had , but wish i 'd had my head on straight when i was younger to make this next step easier . 
  thank you for the recommendation !, 
  looking into it now . 
  so what are we going to do when the man turns upside down ? 
  got ta commemorate it somehow and doing or cartwheel or being pants less might not cut it . 
  edit : also , this is exciting . 
  `` once an hour on the hour , the bells will ring out from the campaniles , and a small group of randomly-assembled volunteers will be admitted to the man base structure to turn a large horizontal wheel , which through a system of oversized gears will rotate the man on the vertical plane . 
  the combined effect will be that of an enormous clockwork , giving our city 's visual and ritual center the additional role of marking the passage of time . 
  it will also allow participants , for the first time since 2005 , to have a direct physical connection to the movement of the man through space and time . '', 
  you know , i really do appreciate appreciate the critique . 
  it 's not meant to be clear which woman , or how many women i 'm talking about . 
  it 's all a blur in the past at this point , a past i am reminded of all around the town . 
  there were two loves really , though the memories i reference include flings and partners that did n't really lead to anything . 
  the potential , the excitement , the hope and the eventual disappointment are present in the town itself since it was the backdrop to all those pursuits . 
  so yeah , serial romanticist , damned fool , asshole . 
  all of those probably . 
  seems everyone i know that moved away wants to come back . 
  i 'm one of those people . 
  because it 's not a commentary on crime in savannah . 
  you do n't see a mention of grits either do you ?
