  i ca n't help but imagine those churches in the context of their times ... imagine a muddy and dark street with drab and sagging rowhouses on all sides . 
  then that magnificence ... 
   almost everyone i know that went into law enforcement was a terrible human being . 
  veteran here and will double up on this observation . 
  i 'd say 2/3 of those i know who have gone into law enforcement were the ` kill em all ' gung ho types with varying degrees of incompetence attached to their names . 
  to think they are policing our streets now ... 
  i know scad grads in savannah who are putting their degrees to use and i know scad grads stuck in those low-wage service jobs you mention ... 
  ridiculous debt aside , i have seen plenty other grads go on to fantastic careers around the world . 
  the problem is these jobs are n't in savannah to the same degree . 
  but give it time , with all the attention savannah receives from travelers , it 's bound to attract more investment and businesses . 
  who knows , scad alumni or others may come here to make use of the local talent pool and open businesses which operate out of the city . 
  lord knows if i had the money to invest ... 
  swimming in the gray area ... but it is what it is . 
  it 's a bit heartbreaking when you think that this was destroyed to make way for an exit ramp . 
  even more so when you realize our train station sits in an industrial lot twenty minutes away from downtown . 
  i hope we undo these errors in the coming years . 
  if i knew who to invite i 'd make it right now !, 
  came here expecting to see videos related to savannah ... 
  i love the colors . 
  where did you find the rug ? 
  you 're the man !, 
  would love to , but i 'm working overseas and do n't have access to much that could be used . 
  hence the reliance on what is online . 
  to serve and protect eh ? 
  civil forfeiture much ? 
  seriously has no one posted the 55 gallon drum of lube yet ? 
  came here for this ... 
  i 'm proud . 
  this . 
  everyone at the oph has their shirts done there . 
  you wo n't have to look long to find established or pop up galleries downtown . 
  i wish i could recall more but gallery le snoot , the grand bohemian , shopscad and at hun come to mind quickly . 
  there is one that hosts pop up events on mlk and local artists are featured all the time in various shops around town . 
  gallery espresso and foxy loxy notable among them . 
  where the scaddies at ? 
  this !, 
  i have so many moments etched into my mind that i wish i had captured , but left be for fear of being rude . 
  that 's what i needed . 
  nailed it . 
  as someone who absolutely loves savannah and for the first time knew i wanted to make a place home , i had to leave because i simply could n't grow there professionally . 
  i could n't handle being underemployed anymore and had to leave . 
  i know i 'm not the only one . 
  inb4 entrepreneur/try harder/etc, 
  you are right , both is happening . 
  ultimately there is a lot of frustration but not much that can be attached to a legal case , it 's the fact that they changed our compensation during the current contract period . 
  march 2015 is when the current contract was signed . 
  july 2015 is when they began to cease pay for travel days . 
  they did this with no notification to employees . 
  on site management knew 7 july 2015 yet we were only told 13 aug 2015 after an employee noticed his pay was incorrect after a return from r and r. 
  thanks for familiarizing us with these terms . 
  this is my third contract , the first in a security capacity and i 've never been yanked around like this . 
  i can honestly say previous companies were ethical and responsive . 
  i never needed to familiarize myself with the legal side of things as i was never done wrong . 
  this is a unit cost contract , perhaps a hybrid however . 
  consider this . 
  an employee leaves for r and r on the 15th of the july and returns on the 15th of august . 
  the company is currently billing the us government for both months , even though the employee was not on the ground . 
  additionally , we , the employees , receive absolutely no compensation during our time on r and r. 
  the fiscal agreement between the government and company has not changed since the contract was first awarded . 
  that contract included half-pay for employees on r and r . that half pay was removed in the march 2015 contract which we have all signed . 
  it seems flat out unethical that the company is being paid x amount for our services yet steadily increasing its profit margin by taking from us . 
  this is the flagrant abuse and profiteering people imagine when they think of contractor abuse over here . 
  i imagine there has to be some sort of bill or guideline , precedence established in the past decade of conflict ... 
  our healthcare is a whole separate can of worms ... 
  i was in iraq during the transition from oif to ond and later witnessed the unraveling of negotiations which would allow usf to remain in country in the numbers you mentioned . 
  my purview was network analysis and targeting . 
  it was our job to dismantle enemy networks/cells/leadership and degrade their ability to conduct operations . 
  when i left , we had our boots on their throat . 
  leadership was disheveled , abu ayyub al masri and abu omar al baghdadi were newly dead and a treasure trove of intel came with their deaths . 
  but then we were no longer allowed to strike without a warrant issued by an iraqi judge ... then we were limited in how long we could hold detainees and therefore hamstrung in what intelligence we could hope to extract ... then we were suddenly at risk of being subject to iraqi law , and rotting in an iraqi jail should a misstep occur . 
  a political resolution was sought but iraq could n't even seat their parliament or assign ministers ... who were we to talk to with their government in flux ? 
  the pressure eased before we even departed . 
  once we were gone , they were allowed to breathe again and eventually stand . 
  add this to the fact that malaki basically poured gasoline on the embers of sectarian violence that had once ravaged the country with his campaign against sunni members of the iraq government ... iraq did this to itself . 
  despite us willingness to remain and ensure what might have been a smooth transition to peace . 
  to add , i do not think conventional troops can fix this . 
  i do n't even know that sof can . 
  we could keep playing wackamole with enemy leadership but ultimately the iraqi government needs to become inclusive and the iraqi people need to bridge their rifts . 
  i am one of many veterans who feel absolutely lied to , furious if i think about it the blood and treasure wasted on iraq . 
  i justified our efforts there by telling myself we created a regional bug-zapper of sorts . 
  young ? 
  militant ? 
  want to kill westerners/americans/infidels ? 
  come try in iraq !, 
  i 'd rather they face armed americans on a foreign battlefield than target civilians at home or abroad . 
  you deliver on playa or what ? 
  i 'm intrigued !, 
  i like the idea of voice messengers ... man the fun that could had . 
  deputize me captain !, 
  i 'll be there if i 'm not lynched here in afghanistan first . 
  i feel like i 've been approached by this dude ... 
  the guy mentioned in the blog bakerbakerman linked reminds me of this gentleman who walks around congress in a black suit , loose , wavy enough to evoke those crappy jazz paintings you find for sale at tj maxx , wide brimmed hat and all . 
  every time i 've seen him he has on this suit , hints of gold in it , and the killer , a see through brim on his hat , so he can talk to you without looking like he 's looking at you . 
  and this man can smooth talk like no other . 
  clever compliments to the ladies , quick quips for the guys and complete nonsense about the city . 
  i think he offered to be a guide of sorts . 
  another guy we dubbed ` the watermelon whistler ' which might be a tad racist . 
  he plays a pan flute in forsyth , reynolds , a few other spots ... thing is , he never plays a tune smoothly . 
  every change in note or pitch is abrupt and just slightly off enough from the well known songs he plays to make listeners cringe . 
  pretty sure he plays jingle bells year round .
