  you could ask the same for every interstate highway , bypass or state road that has been built . 
  rail displaces less ground and is cheaper to maintain once built . 
  the cost per mile of highway maintenance in the us is staggering , 66 billion per annum as of 2014 . 
  edit : to add , the trains used abroad are n't like the heavy and horn blowing freight giants i think you 're referring to . 
  i have never lived on the tracks abroad , but i dont think passenger rail is nearly as loud and disruptive as you think . 
  that car is n't free though is it . 
  factor in the cost of car ownership and insurance along with the gas . 
  then consider the time spent driving that might have been spent resting , reading , or doing any other number of productive things all with zero risk of ending up one of the 50k dead in car accidents every year . 
  ok , so get a cheap car and low rate insurance then forget about having any free time because you 're driving and god help you should gas prices rise in coming years as they inevitably will . 
  i ca n't argue against personal preference except to answer with mine . 
  but you can not argue sustainability or long term viability in any way that competes with rail . 
  that 's a nonsensical scenario though . 
  strangers wo n't / do n't travel together in cars as they would on rail . 
  strangers i said . 
  or if you 're more comfortable cramming into a chevy cruz with strangers arranged online than sitting on a train that you can move around in , go eat in , plug in your laptop and do whatever you want in ... yeah . 
  i 'll take the train . 
  environmentally . 
  economically . 
  if we wish to look at the long term , suburban sprawl and the highways that connect our cities will not be sustainable in the long term . 
  fossil fuels are finite and car ownership will become more expensive for us all . 
  trains could offer an alternative that is more cost effective once in place . 
  as they are , that 's almost certainly the best option , then flying after that . 
  my point is that we should build an option that does n't oblige most of america to buy a car . 
  our infrastructure is built around the personal auto , so of course it 's easier than most any option . 
  but we owe it to ourselves to look ahead . 
  i 've witnessed and lived firsthand what affordable and efficient rail can offer and it stuns me to hear the arguments against it here in the us . 
  not to say that they are without reason , but they are certainly without vision , and i do n't just mean the dreamy kind . 
  we have to look ahead . 
  i will say , having driven cross country twice in the last year , i never grasped just how massive the us was until then . 
  any growth towards rail would have to be incremental and there are massive parts of the population that would n't be served in the short term . 
  personal autos will never go away . 
  i think we have to look ahead though and without any guaranteed technological magic bullet , we have to look towards rail and mass transit in place of personal vehicles . 
  i think it 's a matter of priorities . 
  just funding rail and highways equally would dramatically alter the quality and availability of rail service in the us . 
  imagine the boon it would be to the cities linked . 
  i was camped across the street this year and every single time i came or went by ( and they were open ) there was a line . 
  it was wild thinking that all those people outside were about to go in and romp around naked together . 
  i imagine the total percentage guessed at elsewhere in the thread was higher . 
  from those i spoke to , it seems very well run and clear rules and norms are outlined as each person goes in . 
  tire is completely done for , hit a curb downtown making a sharp turn ... 
  my solution now is to have one new tire and have it shaved to match the rest . 
  once i got home i did some digging to find an answer ... 20 bucks for a shave sure beats 800 plus for new tires all around . 
  thanks !, 
  will be getting the new one shaved to match . 
  oh god no ... 
  i was hiking to annapurna base camp when the second earthquake struck nepal last year . 
  lots of uncertainty on the trek afterwards . 
  very alone for much of it . 
  landing in kathmandu immediately afterward the first and smelling death in the pile of rubble that was a home which had slid into a step well next to my guest house was pretty eye opening . 
  my buddy also rode his motorcycle off a cliff on the way to khardung la in northern india . 
  we were high enough that oxygen deprivation was becoming an issue and we had to drag his twisted motorcycle out of a ravine after it lodged itself halfway down a mountainside . 
  a few weeks later a landslide crushed a lorry in front of my bus in punjab . 
  got out to look at what had happened and could only see two headlight beams shining through the dark at an angle , light rain and the sound of small rocks clinking on metal and pavement . 
  the horn was still blaring and a blood trail led back to the cab where the driver had just been pulled from . 
  my vehicle was stopped and pelted by rocks by a group of kids in kabul once . 
  a taliban rocket once knocked over the jenga game i was playing . 
  i also drank water poisoned by the taliban once . 
  that 's all that come to mind right away . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  i mean , what a roar it would create if there were no temple . 
  it would test and flex the community and force it to define a new replacement for the norm . 
  when do submissions for the temple start processing anyhow ? 
  i 'm sure that ball is already rolling by now . 
  it seems to me there are already so many echoes of this theme every burn . 
  i do n't know how it could influence or inspire anything new out there . 
  then again , i 'm one mind and i 've been thinking about this for five minutes . 
  also , it reminds me very much of enclosed buddhas in nepali and thai shrines . 
  i think larry 's experience in nepal is still rippling through him . 
  that got me too . 
  i try not to sound too campy and culty when sharing my excitement about it all to non burners , but this is going to make it that much harder ... 
  it was posed as a question . 
  think outside the box my man . 
  everyone in this thread complaining , all i imagine from the us . 
  we are the only nation from among our peers with this type of problem . 
  we 've chosen corporate profits over all else and this is the result . 
  i would say let 's fix is but we just elected that trump goon . 
  i think he went to the savannah college of art and design , i saw his stickers all over here a couple of years ago . 
  a few still remain . 
  pretty sure i 've seen him in the uk too . 
  edit : now that i 'm thinking about it , i think i saw a cut out being waved around above the crowd at dirty bird campout in orange county this year . 
  maybe i saw him in la too ? 
  clintception, 
  i mean , she does have an incredible ass . 
  i think one part is shared experience and memory . 
  she was a friend as well as a lover . 
  another is that i 'm just very attracted to her physically , she 's petite and incredibly fit , and even though i say i do n't have a ` type ' , she definitely presses a button or several . 
  her personality on the other hand , i almost view it in equal parts frustration and adoration . 
  i admire , and despise , different things about her . 
  i see who for who she is good and bad yet still care for her . 
  this is the kind of hard hitting , common sense advice i am here for . 
  sitting down to have a beer with a friend tonight and i imagine he 'll say the same . 
  she never was a unicorn fable , i see the whole her , good and bad , and the silly thing is that i know she 's mostly bad . 
  dramatic , overemotional and the attitude of a victim masquerading as a strong and empowered woman . 
  my head does n't agree with this craving my man . 
  i 'll have to delete this comment soon , but i 'm around 60 right now . 
  i have n't had a revelation about her that changes this urge i still have . 
  i 'm at the point where i feel like i 'm wasting my time just hooking up , it 's fun , but i want to build more . 
  i was away for sometime and kept hearing about awesome bands coming through stopover . 
  now that i 'm back in town , this ? 
  no , only five or so .
