  thanks, 
  i think there 's a bojangles nearby . 
  thanks for this op, 
  all sorts of discussion about this on fb today . 
  no notice . 
  hostile takeover of the board basically . 
  was that successful ? 
  considering that aircraft conducted sorties from the same airbase within 48hr of the strike suggest that was n't achieved . 
  i think it 's very important to consider the domestic reasoning for the strike , it was cheap ( except not so cheap ) theater . 
  yeah i did this truman business for awhile before deciding that the rage inducing idiocy of savannah drivers just wasnt for me at high speed . 
  veterans parkway has been much , much better as of late . 
  but stay off it please . 
  even if it were that effective , this implies that assad 's air to ground capability wo n't just be augmented by russian assets . 
  so at what point are we going to realign our relationship to match this behavior ? 
  didnt that just happen in a way ? 
  only the opposite way of anything that might be seen as good . 
  there 's a pretty popular bojangles off 95 i think . 
  bojangles of course . 
  i 've honestly never stepped into the va since i got out . 
  left in 2011 , have spent four years since in afghanistan . 
  i really do n't know where to start and do n't really want to let anyone know . 
  thanks for the resources , it 's not just combat/deployment related though i sometimes feel fucked up for not being more fucked up over some things . 
  i 'll have to get over to the va and look at addressing this over the long term . 
  finals are coming up ... 
  that bojangles though . 
  that 's what we all say . 
  did n't know about that - just got dark in here did n't it . 
  laughable ? 
  try outrageous . 
  - casual dismissal of my opinion because of my sex . 
  as if that is n't what we were supposed to be fighting . 
  - having to be the first one to initiate anything romantically . 
  - being expected to ` man up ' , body image based on super heroes etc , with no social liberation from these pressures as many women have found . 
  - the fact that men were the ones sent to die en masse in countless conflicts with no mention of their burden but rather their supposed privilege . 
  - not nearly as many options while clothes shopping . 
  this is what i 'm dealing with - i 've dated girls that were wonderful but could n't commit/open up to them the way i might have . 
  i 'm `` over '' the gal that came before , but the damage remains and i 've got defenses up . 
  i do n't know if i have n't found love again because i 'm messed up or because the right one just has n't come along yet . 
  corporate concentration is a large reason for the problems discussed in this thread . 
  corporations have come to dominate so many markets that they have no incentive to take good care of their people , we can no longer take our labor elsewhere and expect to find a similar position in another , better , company . 
  late stage capitalism ya 'll . 
  i 'd really like to read more about how this happened . 
  there must have been some outcry as industry norms changed . 
  super late on this i guess , but i married my second partner and found myself increasingly , maddeningly restless as i found that i had married too soon and married someone who just was n't right for me . 
  i left her a few years after and fell in love harder than i knew i could and explored romances that were casual and otherwise . 
  the richness in experience and the knowledge gained from different partners about myself and about others has been invaluable - i still get restless and miss the chase whenever i settle down a bit , but the funny thing is , i 've had enough of the conquesting bit now and just want someone to truly love and commit to who wants the same from me . 
  it 's funny because i do n't really like talking about `` conquests '' with my friends because it 's rarely a one nigh stand sort of thing and i feel a little embarrassed at my number of parters . 
  i do remember the envy when i was the one committed and the tables were turned . 
  tldr : take your time , if you 've got something good work to keep it . 
  if you 're with someone , you 'll probably feel a tug of longing for the casual game , if you 're in the casual game , you 'll probably miss having one that you 're all about . 
  it sounds like you 're doing the same thing i 'm doing . 
  i tell myself , and my partners , that i try to avoid the weight of expectations , i hope for more , for long term , for a partner , but i do n't expect that and i appreciate what comes as it does . 
  that allows us all to be a little more in the present and at ease with ourselves . 
  that said , man i do n't want to hurt others and i am tired of these short term things failing to turn into the committed partnership i want - usually because i just do n't feel that pull . 
  do you feel similar in any way ? 
  again , i can relate to all of this , but i think you 've got the better outlook . 
  i feel like time is ticking , like i want to find someone sooner rather than later because i 'm tired of sharing experiences with people who are no longer around or not sharing them at all . 
  i want to grow together and i feel time diminishes that possibility from here on out ( 28 here ) . 
  i used to travel a ton for work and even now i 'm super busy , busy enough that i do n't have time to waste or time to really commit wholly to a relationship . 
  i may not even be in the same city for more than a year . 
  thank you for the perspective though , i 'll see if i cant remind myself of it . 
  it does n't sound like a rant at all , and it sounds like a good thing that you 're willing to examine this sentiment for the benefit of the relationship . 
  anxiety and insecurities can be dangerous , but poor communication is probably far worse . 
  you 're doing a good thing with the good thing you have it sounds like . 
  carry on . 
  savannah here - fuck that guy, 
  except that costs wo n't get cut , this will just fatten the profit margins ... 
  i wonder how much it costs to post all of these officers down here and how much revenue they generate from all these tickets . 
  i wish there were some way to fight this , as you said , a blatant extortion of local citizens . 
  hell i 'm a local and i want more info on this ... i avoid southside and pooler if i have any say of it , but what about surrounding counties and such ? 
  there 's no doubt more than a few quirky or polished gems scattered about . 
  op , this is the best tourist post i 've probably ever seen here . 
  you did good !, 
  i 'm a downtown resident and look forward to the answers that might come up here . 
  protip : call ahead and just pick it up . 
  you know i 'm sorta glad atlantic is n't on here . 
  thank you for the start !, 
  this will make furthering the conversation much easier . 
  i worry that , because she has n't really done this before , that she might not know how best to express all she wants . 
  i intend to find out though . 
  she has expressed clearly that it 's about feeling supported , loved , being able to let go , being comforted and controlled . 
  looks like there is so much more to this though . 
  i 'm sitting here at home after spending the day with a gal i may well be falling for . 
  it 's funny , she has the same hangups i have , guarded , self sabotaging and the like when she gets really close to someone . 
  i 've seen myself do it to others after past heartbreaks , now i worry that i 'm going to be on the receiving end . 
  amazingly , i do n't seem to have the same blocks with her . 
  i crave her company , her mind , her body . 
  leaving town for the next week and i think i 'll play it cool , see if or when she reaches out . 
  why fight it ? 
  sounds like you 're just a better friend than most , so find better friends . 
  i 've become more and more selective about who i give my time to in recent years . 
  it 's tough sometimes , but i feel like it 's , objectively , the right call . 
   be an even better person without religion than you were previously, 
  i have been . 
  but they have n't known me since then . 
  i 've made a home in another city and worked abroad for several years . 
  they do n't know the man i 've become or the paths that led me here . 
  the catchall term i keep throwing out there is `` substance '', 
  at this point , i feel like there are beautiful women everywhere , my physical tastes have changed over the years and lust will only take you so far . 
  so i look for more .
