  i ca n't justify our further presence . 
  the war in iraq i ca n't justify at all , but when i served there i removed people who were brutally murdering their fellow iraqi 's far more often than they harmed us , and yes i removed those who sought to do us harm . 
  i see iraq as a giant bug-zapper that for the length of that conflict , gave aspiring young extremists somewhere to go and die fighting armed infidels rather than hatching plots to strike us at home . 
  do n't assume because i served that i have some hero complex . 
  that is bullshit and i see it far too often in soldiers . 
  a sense of entitlement , `` look at me , are n't i cool i use a gun ! '', 
  type thinking . 
  i am not that type , i did my job , i continue to do my job because it pays well for my age , i 'm good at it and it does help protect american lives here . 
  those of you with the automatic disgust for those of us who have held a weapon or had to use one ... well you 're entitled to that disgust . 
  but we are n't all limp dick waving , tap-out wearing juveniles who throw puppies off of cliffs or want to shoot foreigners . 
  most of us are decent folks believe it or not . 
  you were right it was better directed his way . 
  i have always appreciated hearing the `` thank you for your service '' compliments , but i recognize so many people expect and abuse the receipt of such praise . 
  i am bitter about that . 
  regardless of the merit of this war , there are guys whose ass is on the line right now , who are cold , wet , tired , scared , muddy , and legitimately in danger right now . 
  on some outpost , on some road , on some foot patrol . 
  you can not tell me they do n't deserve some recognition for what they 've gone through ? 
  `` afghan '' is the correct term , `` afghani '' only applies to their money . 
  so then there is no need for us dirty nasty contractors then ? 
  i suppose we all are triggerpullers too ? 
  we probably all joined private companies because we wanted to kill kill kill and make more money money money !, 
  right ? 
  while we 're assigning blame to entire classes of people , why do n't i just go ahead and damn you for the abuse indians suffered in the early years of america ? 
  what , that was before your time ? 
  oh , you had nothing to do with it ? 
  context or reality does n't matter , fuck you you dirty american land grabbing cowboy !, 
  word, 
  have an upvote for that well stated opinion . 
  i would suggest though , that if they had n't volunteered for that job and it 's associated hardships , someone else would be made to do . 
  perhaps we would have mandatory service . 
  perhaps a thanks is not always warranted and i do n't suggest outright lauding , but a little solemn respect is deserved by a lot of these men . 
  now you 'll have me wandering if it 's bullshit or halfway sincere when people say thanks ... . hell man ... 
  thanks !, 
  i have one , they 're like 5 bucks here . 
  they 're ridiculously warm and i wore one a few days when it was coldest and snowing . 
  i caught all sorts of hell for it though !, 
  may/may not ? 
  way to remain mysterious !, 
  beautiful car man , i 've got a 70 mach 1 in need of some work , seeing them completed always gets me fired up !, 
  yeah i am working overseas now , and for years had planned to move to nyc once this stage of my life was completed , but man , there is something about savannah . 
  it 's a city when you want it to be and a peaceful small town when you want it to be . 
  it 's quirky and beautiful and i love it . 
  then there 's the ghetto 's that surround it to the east and west , and the worst kind of sprawl to the south ... 
  i 'm actually 5 '11 with no shoes on and probably the biggest someone should be to ride this bike . 
  it feels great and i love it though . 
  i have forward controls which help but then again , i have n't gone on any long cruises . 
  this is a zip around town and occasional twisty back roads bike for me . 
  it 's all i need . 
  i do now , this was actually me riding it to storage before heading overseas . 
  i parked the bike , set the helmet , jacket and gloves on top , and went to the airport . 
  tldr ; those were airplane shoes . 
  could you post a picture of yours ? 
  that is a well done sporty !, 
  i 'm not looking just for yec supporters , i have no need to hear more of that madness . 
  but a general , logical , christian perspective . 
  i 'd like to hear that . 
  i 'm not looking for a debate here . 
  i am looking for logical perspective on the discussion i linked to . 
  you guys keep misunderstanding my intent . 
  the debate was between my father , i already had an aar with r/atheism , now i was simply looking for christian commentary on the discussion . 
  i would be just fine as an observer here . 
  also is everyone here freaking atheist ? 
  oh lawd what 's going on in here ? 
  from which orifice ? 
  i appreciate the level response from a believer . 
  i can respect views like yours and defenitely appreciate your embrace of scientific truth while retaining your belief in a higher power . 
  i will never be one to try and shout down something that brings you joy/peace/or gives you something to thank for beauty . 
  if there were more like you faith might not find itself on the sinking ship it currently sits . 
  i intended anonymity but i never expected the response you guys gave . 
  thanks for the boost !, 
  if only you all were in afghanistan !, 
  also ,, 
  proof of green - not blue - eyes : http://imgur.com/kr6m1, 
  btw , had to make a post thanking ladyboners for all the compliments , let 's see if it gets noticed at all . 
  and noone noticed :(, 
  i guess this was a complete failure , onward in karmaless anonymity !, 
  i 'm the guy , posted in ladyboners but got no love :(, 
  uniform pic is there, 
  pretty sure mine are green , check out my non-proxy post in ladyboners ( i 'm the guy in op 's pic ), 
  i posted more !, 
  i 'm in east kabul , give me a ring should you come this way . 
  i made a non-proxy post elsewhere ( for the karma yo ), 
  i would say the same about you !, 
  thanks lady !, 
  yes , the earth is `` hundreds and hundreds and hundreds '' of years old . 
  willfull ignorance, 
  for the lack of perspective and unjustified confidence in their beliefs, 
  for the brainwashing of countless young minds , including my own, 
  for the self-rightous desire to deny the rights of others, 
  for the self-righout imposition of their own values/beliefs onto others, 
  for a murderous and brutal history, 
  for centuries of money grubbing, 
  oh hell i could do this all day ... . 
  i understand , it 's something i 'm trying to get before hand . 
  good to know for future reference , i 'm overseas right now though . 
  looks sharp !, 
  but way to diversify !, 
  pretty sure that 's not a raise ... 
  i wound up getting the first for that purpose and the twill blazer/pants combo since it looked good and seemed like a good deal . 
  i may post back here to let folks know how they turn out !,
