  edit : which one of us is starting it ? 
  definitely not farming for likes . 
  thing is , most people who know me now did n't know me when i wore a uniform . 
  i 'm far enough removed from it personality wise , socially , you name it that most ca n't really picture me that way . 
  yet , it 's a huge part of who i am , who we are as vets . 
  no , i am not the ` i ` mavetandletmewearatshirtthattellsyouhowhardiam ' type . 
  i will never wear a multicam ballcap . 
  perhaps the distance i 've put between my service and who i am now is all the more reason to reconnect with it every once in awhile . 
  man this sounds weird , i 'm writing this from afghanistan . 
  i want to go back to my artsy , hipster friends and pretend this never happened . 
  tldr : apparently i 'm on crack . 
  i wound up changing mine . 
  i think it 's awesome seeing all my buddies and even those i did n't know when they were in pop up on my feed in uniform . 
  everyone coming out of the woodwork . 
  facebook formation and no one got the uniform straight , time to downgrade . 
  ** submission statement : ** `` the fact is from woolwich to tunisia , from ottawa to bali , these murderers all spout the same twisted narrative , one that claims to be based on a particular faith . '', 
  despotic governments , civil war , anarchy , economic despair -- all of these factors doubtless contribute to the spread of the islamist movement . 
  but it is only after the west and , more importantly , muslims themselves recognize and defeat the religious ideology on which this movement rests that its spread will be arrested . 
  and if we are to defeat the ideology we can not focus only on violent extremism . 
  we need to confront the nonviolent preaching of sharia and martyrdom that precedes all acts of jihad.we will not win by stamping out the islamic state or al qaeda or boko haram or al-shabab ; a new radical group will just pop up somewhere else . 
  we will win only if we engage with the ideology of islamist extremism , and counter the message of death , intolerance , and the pursuit of the afterlife with our own far preferable message of life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness . 
  while your reply is relevant and insightful , you act as if the end solution is to recognize that hsr is unattainable and cost prohibitive . 
  i say it 's a matter of priority . 
  most estimates place the cost of constructing an entirely new hsr network across the us to the tune 400 billion us . 
  take a look at the cost of the f35 program , its overruns , its failures even at its current inflated price point . 
  even with estimates out , what is the cost per mile of highway ? 
  how much do we spend in federal subsidies to roadworks ? 
  once again , a matter of priorities . 
  ours are skewed and unsustainable . 
  and apologists continue to paint islamists as merely ignorant , misguided offshoots of the ummah . 
  how can we hope to defeat you when we can not even recognize you for what you are ? 
  have to do with your aversion to nationalism ? 
  i think you completely missed the point of this article . 
  i 'd wager you did n't even read it . 
   yet our enemy took frickin zero . 
  thank you . 
  ever seen the aftermath of a vbied going off in a crowded market ? 
  that was my enemy . 
  we were trying to kill those who were actively trying to kill as many civilians as possible . 
  i hate that it happened , but by hunting them down , we were doing our own bit of good in the midst of a fucked up situation we ultimately could n't change . 
  this is awesome , any more pics ? 
  and what were you doing ? 
  in other words , you were n't there , you are ignorant of the reality on the ground and the people there . 
  i was a different man when i enlisted . 
  i was a kid . 
  a different kind of ignorant than you . 
  i 've spent plenty of time speaking out against what led us to that war as i hope the american people never let themselves be deceived as they were again . 
  i hope formal charges are agreed upon for bush administration officials sooner rather than later . 
  we , individual soldiers on the ground , were responsible for both good and bad . 
  you do n't know the barbarism we faced . 
  pulling bodies out of the euphrates , burned corpses from conexes in the desert , families executed at fake checkpoints , murdered for being sunni or shia . 
  blasts in crowded markets , mosques , processions . 
  you can argue the us opened that powder keg , that 's another discussion . 
  we , on the ground , did put best to hold it together afterwards and to keep the senseless slaughter at bay . 
  your ignorance ca n't take that from me . 
  yep , right away see the consistency in yours . 
  looks great . 
  pm coming soon . 
  except , you know , the muslims that just murdered more people . 
  and the ones that will do so tomorrow , and next week , and next month ... 
  i mean , some of us do live downtown you know ... 
  does n't he say great stuff sometimes ? 
  i really do want to have a beer with him , just to see if it 's real . 
  that 's incredible . 
  as a veteran who left a similar message in the temple , i feel you . 
  i returned stateside for a funeral and was able to come spend a couple days back home after . 
  bittersweet as it was when i visited a couple months back after being gone a year . 
  it may be the season in part , but my heart ached big time for an ex things ended with after i went abroad for work . 
  i 've lived a lot of places other than savannah and i do n't think there is a city that can match the romance there , the possibility to explore and play , to just enjoy each others company on a walk . 
  i do n't know how i can craft a story as good as the one her and i shared anywhere else . 
  maybe i can try to win her back whenever i come home . 
  tldr : i hate those new streetlights . 
  if you 're unsure , then do n't go . 
  i 'm also real suspect that you just made this account to post a link to your blog . 
  ever since that first guy gave out his laugh i 've had a stupid grin on . 
  thanks . 
  i have one earlobe that is attached and one earlobe free hanging . 
  took 25 years . 
  this is sound and i will lock onto , i keep saying ' i just have n't met the next one yet ' but that voice gets more and more mute as i go through women who do n't measure up . 
  this is the voice i need to empower , because i know someone will come along that everything will click with , but the practical considerations , the one this girl mastered , i 've never seen before . 
  let alone paired with the animalistic , chemical bond . 
  as for living with , i ca n't use that to push this away , we spent enough time at my place or hers for me to come to appreciate her orderliness , creativity , cleanliness and ability to always make perfect coffee/sandwiches when they were needed most . 
  thank you for the perspective . 
  i ca n't believe i 'm seeing this stated plainly , openly on the niprnet . 
  oh well , still signed that nda, 
   the miles ridden per week seems to be inversely proportional to the number of hd crap displayed or worn . 
  this, 
  i ride a harley , daily , year round , for pleasure and commutes in my city and the surrounding area . 
  i do n't rev my engine as i slow/stop , i do n't wear harley branded this or that or black + leather . 
  basically none of the stereotypes . 
  besides the guys wearing actual rockers , those who make up the worst stereotypes about harley seem to be the weekend riders . 
  the hog members with minivans parked next to their wide glide in the garage . 
  they want everyone to know they ride ... since they so rarely do . 
  probably odd to answer my own question , but this is my second time going through this sort of heartbreak . 
  even with my own experience , other perspectives could help . 
  it took me a year and a half last time to get over an ex . 
  a year and a half of thrusting myself into the dating world and finding myself emotionally unavailable and actually hurting women who were otherwise wonderful . 
  i just could not , was not ready to connect on the level they wanted . 
  then suddenly i could . 
  i met someone who * fixed * me , as cheesy as that sounds .
