  integral because europeans fought its expansion for * centuries * . 
  someone else mentioned europeans in africa , even if they are established for generations at this point they are inherently european in culture , values , ethnicity , etc. 
  they are not really africans , and i 'm sure most any african would agree . 
  europe may be in the midst of making a crucial mistake forgetting their heritage and forgetting that the enemy their forebears fought is now streaming into the heart of europe ( and bringing their backwards , destructive and violent bronze-age ideology with them ) . 
  not in this pic : the million stairs you climb after getting off the train . 
  just a layman recalling the ` so what ' of what i 've read , but i recall an interesting takeaway from the price of glory : verdun 1916 , which described how the french psyche may have been effected by the great war . 
  unfathomable loss of life , unmatched physical destruction . 
  the population was n't willing to bear another struggle like the one they had just barely overcome , and so , surrender was a more presentable option from the start . 
  there were of course many , particularly veterans who opposed this , yet , consider the heartbreaking story of marshal p\u00e9tain , who gave so much in resisting the germans , but ultimately was forced to advocate appeasement/surrender in order to protect the people of france . 
  his trial in the postwar years surely amplifies the voices of those who felt betrayed by his surrender , but the french population largely followed him in 1940 , i wonder if , for many , that anger was n't noise to cover their own shame . 
  i 'd really like to hear from actual experts on this topic too . 
  i wonder , as the end neared for germany in the second world war , how many veterans of the kaiser 's army would wind up mobilized in germany 's defense . 
  how many would be killed ? 
  might any have called for a cessation of hostilities as the cost grew heavier and the prospects more grim ? 
  curious , how long might a typical piece/suit be used ? 
  would families pass down armor for generations , would city garrisons or armies do the same ? 
  or were innovations rapid enough to warrant a constant churn of new material into armies and private hands ? 
  let 's be clear . 
  the violence is n't occurring because of their ethnicity , they are muslim fundamentalists and this is why they conduct these attacks , in their own words . 
  `` we are , allah-willing , proceeding along this path with all of our strength in order to rescue our oppressed brothers in east turkistan -- and allah-willing , we are working on rescuing our oppressed brothers from the hands of the communists until we make allah 's religion supreme and we live a precious life in the shadow of islamic shariah law , or else be rewarded with martyrdom in the cause of allah we are plotting for the chinese to suffer the torture of allah , or else by our hands '', 
  in their own words . 
  `` we are , allah-willing , proceeding along this path with all of our strength in order to rescue our oppressed brothers in east turkistan -- and allah-willing , we are working on rescuing our oppressed brothers from the hands of the communists until we make allah 's religion supreme and we live a precious life in the shadow of islamic shariah law , or else be rewarded with martyrdom in the cause of allah we are plotting for the chinese to suffer the torture of allah , or else by our hands '', 
  good of you to come out of the woodwork , hopefully people will stop making excuses for your beliefs and see you for what you are . 
   reading more about them you can easily tell they 're radical islamists, 
  and yet look at the way the conversation is shifted elsewhere . 
  i keep reposting this hoping it drives some sense into the conversation . 
  `` we are , allah-willing , proceeding along this path with all of our strength in order to rescue our oppressed brothers in east turkistan -- and allah-willing , we are working on rescuing our oppressed brothers from the hands of the communists until we make allah 's religion supreme and we live a precious life in the shadow of islamic shariah law , or else be rewarded with martyrdom in the cause of allah we are plotting for the chinese to suffer the torture of allah , or else by our hands '', 
  this is their own words , they are happy to articulate their reasoning for violence just as countless other islamist movements have . 
  a fundamentalist interpretation of islam is the common core behind all of these movements , the rest is just noise . 
  ready for the downvotes . 
  it is what it is . 
  i 've been saying for years that should the political center/left fail to rationally address immigration and particularly islam in europe , the voting pendulum would swing to the right . 
  and here it has . 
  implying that a their motivations would have changed since . 
  implying that a fundamentalist religious dogma would have changed since . 
   i think they 're giving lip service to this for al-qaeeda 's money and training . 
  not to any degree worth defining this discussion . 
  aq is no longer the rock star it once was in the world of islamic terrorism . 
  aq 's own english language * resurgence * magazine described xinjiang as an area that needed to be recovered back into the islamic caliphate . 
  however , the division between aq ideals and is is no secret . 
  both are making overtures to recruit support in the region , though not much exists in open source news outlets discussing the topic . 
  i have seen uighers in iraq and afghanistan and if i recall , they are not uncommon in chechnya . 
  what would pull them to these far corners of the world to fight ? 
  no , not ethnic tensions or a feeling of oppression . 
  it 's islam . 
  the firebrand version of islam that has led to such violence around the world ... violence in which apologists no doubt seek to blame local politics , economy , ethnicity or history as the cause , anything but the religion itself . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21654585-islamic-state-prompts-alarm-and-soul-searching-across-asia-shadow-caliphate ) looks to be a decent read on the topic . 
  `` china has strived in the past few years to root out extremism among members of the mainly muslim uighur minority in the vast western region of xinjiang , and to blame global jihadism . 
  it has estimated that 300 uighurs have travelled to iraq and syria . 
  but china 's countermeasures seem only to have sharpened resentment at what uighurs see as colonial oppression by the chinese state and its ethnic-han majority . '', 
  a little more [ context ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-china-26414014 ) , this time with a brief recall of previous attacks . 
  point being , there is plenty of complexity at the local level , but these terrorists are without a doubt attached to the global jihad . 
   these guys , if they actually said this and if they did perform these actions are not doing so in following the tenets of islam . 
  you are just one voice , you do not get to speak for them . 
  they have spoken for themselves and what 's more , they have acted . 
  you do not get to try to re-frame the narrative afterward . 
   agenda of hate against either muslims or what they imagine to be `` islam '', 
  have you ever been at the scene of a suicide bombing ? 
  have you ever spoken to a member of aq or the islamic state ? 
  have you spent a decade seeking to understand who they are and why they do what they do ? 
  i have worked in a world where many lump all of islam together as extremists , an outright ` kill em all ' mentality . 
  i have fought against that . 
  i have done my best to remind others of the humanity present in our enemy , even when it can be terribly , terribly hard to find . 
  that said , there is a recipe for violence within islam that is unmatched by any other world religion . 
  everywhere there is a frontier between a primarily islamic population and another religion , there is conflict . 
  wherever islam dominates , minorities are subject to brutal oppression and intimidation while the barbarism of shariah law reveals itself . 
  you are not speaking to someone ignorant of islam , you are speaking to someone weary of , not this fight , but of the continued ignorance and blatant misrepresentation of the conflict by apologists such as yourself . 
  i seek to quote them when i can because their own words do away with the many excuses you will make for them . 
  their own impassioned pleas for the faith to continue the fight , to rally , to push , they are coming from muslims born in every corner of the globe . 
  just this year there have been a couple of videos released by isis showing young men from qatar , germany , the us , britain , france , saudi arabia , pakistan and elsewhere about to drive car bombs into various targets . 
  what unites these men ? 
  what spurs them to such extremes of violence ? 
  it 's islam friend . 
  not because i want it to be . 
  not because i have some chip on my shoulder and wish to be seen as some internet bigot , it simply is what it is . 
  apologists such as yourself only cloud the issue , your noise distracts from a solution . 
  perhaps you should redirect your efforts to addressing the division within the ummah itself , within the dar al islam . 
  or is all as it should be in your eyes ? 
  ** edit : ** to reply to this :, 
   muslims the world over are incredulous and mostly roll their eyes when they see bullshit quotations like this because its so out of place , so unrepresentative of what is known to the the religious tradition of islam, 
  i know the tinge of disgust i feel when i think of what the gwot has done to american values . 
  some of the things we have done , and continue to do in this conflict . 
  i can only imagine how would i feel if my country , my religion ( i have none ) , my people were somehow tied to the deaths of innocents every single day all around the globe . 
  i do n't see any sort of common condemnation of the violence perpetrated in the name of islam by the billions of muslims who , supposedly , should . 
  what i do see is hate , extremism and exclusion whether tacit or overt throughout muslim populations . 
  this should bother you just as much as it does me , that does n't seem to be the case though . 
  well fortunately for myself and many others , i do n't have to worry about roaming inquisitors and pious catholic mobs . 
  i do however , have to face a near daily toll of lives lost at the hands of muslim fundamentalists . 
  tell me again how they are all the same ? 
  i actually live in the middle east right now . 
  even so , who is more likely to harm another or many others in the name of their religion ? 
  hey bill !, 
  ever been to burning man ? 
  seem like your kind of thing ? 
  also , i 've been drunk , on the look out for you , drunk , in brooklyn way too many times . 
  i tell people of your appearances like one would tell of a yeti . 
  i imagine you are ok with this . 
  ( also thanks for your craft and just being you , you 're an inspiration beyond film alone ), 
  looks great !, 
  thanks for sharing your space , tend to get much more ideas of what works and does n't from personal posts .
