  the letters are filled with rage , hate , veiled threats , baseless insults , and on and on . 
  you see very little calm logic , very little christian , christ-like behavior . 
  i always found those letters to be interesting as it displays the self-righteous contradiction present in many religious people . 
  you have joined those ranks . 
  through your malice you presented another argument in favor of atheism as you completely failed to counter any issue i raised or present any independent argument in favor of your religion . 
  the social zeitgeist is marching steadily away from religion for a number of reasons . 
  i assure you mine is not out of some desire to rebel or offend or whatever else . 
  my search for a reason to believe led me to reason after reason not to . 
  my search for information showed active lies and misinformation struggling to hold back the masses of verified knowledge that points again and again to a universe without a higher power . 
  i made the argument that the burden of proof is in your court . 
  way to drop the ball . 
  maybe next time you could throw in the words plebe , prole , indignant , dense , imbecilic , moronic , thick , halfwit , bonehead or maybe even fucker . 
  have you used smart-ass yet ? 
  wait , i 'm not even worth your time . 
  nevermind then . 
  he forwarded the exchange to my wife and my entire family . 
  this is what he said . 
  daphne and becca - i am sharing the email exchange that occurred with josh when i reached out to discuss his quest for truth or why has he become so hostile towards christianity . 
  it did n't go well - and he is now on ignore or delete ( meaning i no longer have the time to waste with him ) . 
  not asking for your comments on how or why the discussion went south so quickly - i am just sharing the insight so you are aware . 
  because of his flippant and condescending comments about scriptural truth , such as the young earth history of creation , and his comments about gabe and sarah - a part of me very strongly feels that josh is no longer welcome in our home or around our young children until he gets through this stage of his life search . 
  he makes a comment about `` whatever subconscious blocks were put in place when i was gabe 's age '' . 
  i will not tolerate him actively choosing to say something to undermine what we have consciously chosen to teach our children - and frankly , if i found out he said something contrary -- i know myself well enough to know that i would physically hurt him . 
  i also wonder about his current circle of acquaintances and who has helped turn his heart away from the light and encourage him to believe only what he thinks ( by misplaced faith ) can be proved by scientific evidence . 
  it is what it is ; a shame . 
  daddy derp, 
  schroddys_cat : restoring faith in humanity one comment at a time !, 
  i really appreciate the offer but minus occasional shortages of toothpaste , i have all i need . 
  i have a wonderful and like minded girlfriend who has done more to show affection and bring me joy than my family has in quite some time . 
  as for my family , this will pass one day . 
  my father knows he was wrong , going so far as to enroll in christian apologetics classes after this exchange . 
  i just hope my brother and sister do n't become too warped by their extreme views . 
  welcome to reddit !, 
  and welcome to / r / atheism !, 
  i 'll include that in the tl ` dr, 
  thanks for the suggestions and critique . 
  i looked long and hard at the messages to see if i had gone too far or said something blatantly offensive to someone reading it on guard . 
  i thought i tiptoed into the argument quite well before starting to break dance . 
  he is intelligent , amazingly so , speaks almost a dozen language and has traveled the world . 
  he was n't always a yec loon and i have no idea what drove him to become one . 
  i sincerely thought that if any argument for christianity existed that would convince me , it would come from him ... ... nope . 
  i can understand that ... what i latched onto was her attempt to separate them from christianity as a whole , going so far as to imply they were n't christians at all . 
  the may 21st sham was n't the first time a flock of believers followed someone the rest could easily see as a fool . 
  like i said , who was she to say what they believe including denying the very words coming from them ? 
  oh lawd now i 'm in trouble . 
  more than this is personal , i think this is something that a lot of people have to deal with who try to move away from the way they were brought up . 
  i was curious what reddit would say about it , if i went out of line and i suppose any advice of what to do after . 
  perhaps i should contact him and take the approach you have . 
  sorry to hear you 've heard similar though . 
  your dad should be nothing but proud of you . 
  oh and welcome to reddit !, 
  lately it 's been fallout by neon indian ... . . 
  oh and hank williams jr. 
  yep , the others hit it , you do look like miss scarlett ... this means i 'm in love with you . 
  sounds like things could have gone much worse , i 'd be careful but it looks like one of those `` everything turned out better than expected '' moments !, 
  this was at camp phoenix kabul . 
  it 's been raining for around 10 minutes every day after hours of the clouds posturing like they plan to destroy us all for hours . 
  thanks !, 
  no fucking way ... . which one of you is this ? 
  by the time you 're moving out into the world ... you will be practically made of swag/class . 
  most of us looked not only like douchebags , but like 15 year old douchebags . 
  way to go man . 
  and yeah get a haircut ... 
  what is it you 're wearing anyway ? 
  the stitching on those pants looks pretty good . 
  compliment . 
  i 'm saying when i was a 15 year old , i looked nowhere near as classy as you , nor did any of the 15 year olds i knew . 
  you 're ahead of the game , ahead of the curve . 
  since the end of the second world war we have built ourselves an automobile dependent infrastructure and populated it with generally cheap , innefficient and culturally hollow buildings . 
  we abandoned our cities to crime and rot while flooding into the countryside , overunning farms and countryside to replace them with subdivisions with their associated strip malls , fry pits and wal-marts . 
  the buildings built prior to ww2 generally could be modernized and made more sustainable . 
  generally they are solidly built of quality materials . 
  they make use of natural lighting and are built to make the best use of energy to insulate cold . 
  many have stood for decades with little to no maintenance and should they be occupied and maintained , could stand for generations more . 
  we need to repopulate our cities and fill in the vacant lots/structures instead of clinging to an auto-centric lifestyle wholly dependent on the availability of cheap oil . 
  when we do move back into our cities we 'll be rewarded with a renewal of communities , a rebirth of civic involvement and social contract , with beauty in our public spaces should we choose to follow historic patterns . 
  we ca n't just replace the strip malls and cookie cutter subdivisions with a more energy efficient version of itself . 
  just like there will be no magic bullet technological solution to fossil fuel burning cars . 
  we need a complete remapping and reconstitution of how we move about during the day and how we live our lives . 
  that means the abandonment of suburbia . 
  james howard kunstler has given me the language to express the pros and cons of the world around me ... at least our built environment . 
  i feel the public and private world we have built ourselves has consequences that reach into nearly every aspect of our being and the ills of suburban growth are becoming widely apparent . 
  anyway ... 
  the city in mind : analysis of various cities , good and bad . 
  the geography of nowhere : intricately describes the flaws in the suburban lifestyle and pattern of growth . 
  home from nowhere : delves into the ways to recover from 70 years of suburbia and poor planning . 
  i have an iphone 4 and will also be in northern italy/germany/switzerland for a few weeks . 
  do i need to jailbreak the iphone or could i just buy a sim ? 
  seems we have changed the language enough in discussing us actions/politics/influence / wars that the perception of empire is avoided . 
  does n't make it any less true of course . 
  it 's a long ways away but i will probably shoot a few questions your way as it gets closer !, 
  thanks !, 
  anything you wish you had known before you started ? 
  any trail wisdom , tidbits or tidings to pass ? 
  must be some worthwhile stories to tell !, 
  i see what you did there ... 
  bottom line , no , they do not have access to `` every classified database in the u.s. government '' . 
  anyone that has worked with a clearance , even just a secret , or anyone that has worked in any capacity within the intelligence community knows that this is complete and utter bullshit . 
  they do n't have anything , they wo n't have anything . 
  bottom line , no , they do not have access to `` every classified database in the u.s. government '' .
