  in that desperation , they turned to criminal behaviors and extortion justified as a means to continue the jihad . 
  those locals who resisted were simply [ accused of ] being tools of the iraqi government/occupation or were not devout enough muslims . 
  interestingly , many fighters crossed the syrian border expecting to , well , fight . 
  filled with zeal !, 
  yet when they were led to an isolated shack in the desert , blindfolded , locked in after all their belongings were stripped then told that they were to be used in ` martyrdom ' operations one by one , that zeal faded . 
  the extremists on the ground manipulated those fighters arriving from elsewhere to serve as cannon fodder and conduct some of the most criminal attacks . 
  all in the name of allah of course . 
  just as i say that , plenty of others went to their deaths willingly , gladly . 
  happy to explain why and tell of their journey to jihad . 
   dar al harb/can count on my hand the amount of times anyone has actually mentioned it, 
  that is interesting . 
  i paid attention mostly to the dialogue between aqi/isi leadership at various levels , including names history will remember . 
  in their public pronouncements , these are very real terms , in their private correspondence , devoid of any motive to craft anything but their honest sentiments , again , these terms were common . 
  so were any other number of inflammatory remarks in regards to kuffar , apostates , the near enemy , the far enemy and so on . 
  the outliers you heard speak , what else did they say ? 
   ya got me !, 
  no , i do n't expect that . 
  you are a living and breathing human being like me and i do n't expect to find some ` shut down ' button . 
  it is a hard question though , one that forces a muslim to decide between what is islamic law , and what is acceptable to a progressive society . 
  will you answer ? 
  your two points are excellent . 
  i have heard devout muslims discuss fiqh , yet how many schools of jurisprudence are there ? 
  there obviously is n't consensus and there obviously is a large portion of the devout , from around the world and every background imaginable , who choose extremism . 
  among your peers , what discussion do you hear about the summary executions committed within isis controlled territory ? 
  what of stonings in afghanistan ? 
  the gay men thrown from buildings in mosul or the hundreds of iraqi soldiers murdered after their surrender in tikrit in 2014 ? 
  i do n't mention those to parade bodies in front of you and ask you to answer for them , i ask because they stand out in my mind and were covered widely enough to be discussed . 
  my time in iraq ? 
  it was wearing a uniform , and then not , seeking to counter violent extremists in the region . 
  i harbor no ill will to the muslim people , i hold great shame and anger that we were deceived into the iraqi invasion , i resent the divisiveness of right wing politics on your shores and my own . 
  all that said , i paid * very * close attention to the motivations , thoughts and goals of aqi/isi/isis leadership for many years . 
  islam is the root . 
  that much is inescapable to me . 
  not because i want it to be . 
  if these fundamentalists are wrong about islam , how do you plan to take your religion back ? 
  what do you suggest the rest of the world do the next time innocent lives are brutally extinguished to the sound of the takbir ? 
  i 'm late to the thread , but i just have to throw in how incredible / u/cosby and his gal are . 
  you know the friend that stays calm and collected when everyone else is losing their shit ? 
  this guy . 
  easy going , eyes open , appreciative , open , giving . 
  it was really something seeing the way he eased his gf into the burn , i think it was a long way outside of her comfort zone , but she embraced it and grew accordingly . 
  it does n't really contribute to the thread to gush on these folks , but whatever . 
  i 've got a lot of love for them and it 's worth sharing . 
  / u/cosby , i know my appearance on the hunt would n't be as magical as a stranger , but you know i 'd help however i can . 
  go on ... 
   five , four sunni plus the ithna-asheri/jaferia if you include the shia . 
  seven if you include all the main shia sects . 
  i asked only to iterate that there is not a consensus within islam . 
  you can not claim that those doing things differently than you are unislamic no more than the radicals can claim you are wrong/outside in your faith . 
  perhaps i 'm doing a poor job of articulating my point , but you are claiming they are outside of islam , you immediately claim their actions are unislamic , and yet , those you disavow ( making a judgement yourself ) justify their actions directly using the quran and hadith . 
  directly from the source . 
  so if both sides are claiming the other is unislamic , then who gets the last word ? 
  the quran ultimately i should think , which is why their scriptural justifications are that much scarier . 
  you disavow practices that are common throughout much of the muslim world , even in the uk , you do n't have to look far to hear of an honor killing here or the abuse of a wife there . 
  obviously there is a more fundamentalist undercurrent within islam than you seem to be willing to admit . 
   shows how useless the actual training given to coalition troops on the region they are suppose to be part of is . 
  i wo n't disagree . 
  but you 're implying my own ignorance here . 
  i am by no means a scholar , but i have more experience than most and have always sought to know more , to understand , to remain objective . 
  that has meant dives into the regions history , culture and of course all pervasive religion . 
  the fundamentalists themselves will readily point to history to justify their actions as well . 
   they have an ex-baathist centre, 
  completely wrong . 
  initially , yes , the groups were quite mixed but as the war went on , baathists tended to reject the hardcore ideology of aqi/isi , even forming their own groups , jrtn being among the most prominent . 
  facilitators crossed paths with groups of all types sure , it was not uncommon for a bomb/hme maker or supplier to work within both camps . 
  also , you would be hard pressed to find baathists murdering civilians with the frequency that aqi/isi were happy to accept , even strive for . 
   libya, 
  again you are mistaken . 
  benghazi was long a pipeline for jihadists and of course incubated extremist ideology for years before the rebellion . 
  the islamists in libya have long opposed the regime and supported jihad elsewhere . 
   no one took it , why do i have to take it back . 
  point heard . 
  but what would you call this crisis within the islamic world ? 
  a crisis which spills blood on near every continent . 
  it is intolerable and must be addressed within the ummah . 
  you 're right , i am not responsible for the rapists at haditha , or for others who wore my flag and did evil , but i would never tolerate them within my ranks were i exposed to them . 
  i would never allow such behavior or justification of it to go unchallenged . 
  there is a communal responsibility for both self preservation and simple morality . 
  that is what i expect needs to rise within islam . 
  this is brilliant !, 
  post about it whenever you 've got it going would you ? 
  a video maybe . 
  i ask since i doubt i 'll be lucky enough to find this glorious contraption once we get to the dust . 
  wait wait ... sparkle ponies and ravers are different ? 
   murder is not mercy . 
  i hope this type of thinking goes far . 
  keep fighting the good fight . 
  i 'll be the one wearing white on wednesday . 
  i 'll take a hug too !, 
  ever heard of vocaroo ? 
  you could post a thread here asking for sounds and get probably everything you want and plenty more you do n't delivered straight to your ear holes through the internet !, 
  that living in a community where you have to drive everywhere to do anything is normal . 
  there are much more rewarding , sustainable and enriching options out there . 
  that said , we 've spent 70 years in the us building suburban sprawl , the alternative is rare enough and the demand high enough that prices put it out of reach for most ... 
  freshly fallen snow . 
  thanks !, 
  the pnw is one of the areas i 'd like to explore and i had never heard of this town . 
  this is exactly the kind of answer i 'm looking for . 
  funny , i had never heard of savannah until i went there for work and i more than fell in love with the town . 
  i 'm hoping to make that luck this time .
