  i would have loved to of read this on day one . 
  thanks !, 
  i wish they would have included repair costs on the post match stage . 
  it seems like a tedious thing to manage in the background otherwise . 
  so it sound like you can play a match with one nationality , switch to another , play , then by the time that match is over your vehicles/planes will be repaired ? 
  or are we talking hours/days repair time ? 
  i get that it changes as you level through . 
  i really appreciate the dive into crew skills , best summation i 've seen yet . 
  i work in afghanistan and i have n't been able to use a mouse more than a day or two without dust getting onto the lens and all over the mousepad . 
  it works for browsing , but not for gaming . 
  i 'll be stuck with this pad till i 'm home !, 
  the place to be in the savannah service scene is the olde pink house . 
  good money , high stress though , lots of great people though and the food is incredible . 
  there are tons of new and nice restaurants open downtown , most will cater to the tourist crowd you 'll notice . 
  you should have no problem finding a number of options , good luck !, 
  see , it 's not that dramatic ... 
  i had two beautiful australian girls stay at my place on liberty and broad a couple years back , couch surfers . 
  i told them all i could about town , what to see , where to walk and so on . 
  they decided to walk , yes , to walk , from liberty and broad to boneventure then back . 
  they came back changed . 
  i am less likely to underestimate just how far off the path some visitors will stray . 
  it 's funny , i lived downtown for four years and the one time i was threatened was when a drunk bro joe wearing a multicam ball cap pulled a handgun on me and my friend in city market because my buddy had flirted with his girl . 
  i was at o'connels once when there was a shooting at that closed club on broughton , i 've heard pot shots here and there , i 've heard of holdups and shootings happening around places i frequented and look like anything but the backdrop for a crime . 
  i harbor no illusions that the city is not suffering an epidemic of crime . 
  i think it 's silly to hype the fear and act as if the whole place is plagued by crime and we should be tripping over ourselves in fear . 
  that said . 
  we 've got to fix it and it takes looking the problem in the eye and holding communities accountable , holding each other accountable . 
  it takes more than just throwing cops and new streetlights at it , it will take long term investments in our local schools , which if i understand right , all but the private schools are abysmal . 
  it also takes long term planning to give our city more than just a slew of low paying , low opportunity for advancement service industry jobs . 
  we need more than a permanent , rotating class of front of house and back of house people . 
  that divide there echoes the divide of savannah itself , the servers and bartenders living in midtown , the southside , ardsley and downtown while the busboys , cooks and dishwashers head to the eastside or westside projects . 
  we 've got a lot of work to do , but savannah has almost unlimited potential . 
  have faith and help by being part of the solution . 
  `` our history '', 
  `` honour '', 
  you ca n't have us back secret limey !, 
  that said , god save the queen and god save us all should clinton or drumpf be elected . 
  to think there were street cars on broughton , broad and mlk too ( i think ) . 
  i wish we could get back to that ... 
  also , i wonder what the argument was for tearing down he building on bull and broughton , the nw corner . 
  it looks beautiful and what stands now is fugly as can be . 
  posting to follow . 
  i completed the abc trek last year during the earthquakes , it was an incredible , if sobering and at times bizarre experience . 
  ebc is high on my list now , but i know next to nothing about the requirements yet . 
  work at yellowstone !, 
  must be awesome !, 
  yeah , altitude for abc was 4,130 m vs. 5,380 m at ebc . 
  i had no problems acclimatizing on the trek though my guide cautioned as he had a number of visitors fall out with oxygen sickness around the 3,000 m mark . 
  nepal was incredible and what 's more , they need visitors to return more than ever after last years disasters . 
  if i could do the abc trek again , i would have gone without a guide ( glad to have supported a family , glad to have made a friend , but wold have preferred the indecent ) . 
  i think the ebc requires a porter/sherpa and the trek itself necessitates it so you can carry enough food and water in the absence of teahouses and lodges . 
  shoot me a pm if you like , i 've been considering a trip around the same time , it may not happen depending on work and other things , but it would n't hurt to keep in touch . 
  incredible . 
  would love to see this laid over a current map of the city . 
  i feel like this is the sentiment of most of southside savannah . 
  that and the idea that downtown is just a place to get hammered or shot . 
  you guys are missing out living in any town usa with your suburbs and paranoia . 
  addressing that culture would take a hard and honest talk that america just does n't seem to be ready for . 
  even so , you would think it might be forced upon us by now , as destructive as it is . 
  i had no problem arranging a guide through my hostel in pokhara . 
  cheaper , simpler , and you 're supporting one local and his family that way . 
  i think ebc requires more red tape and certifications and all that unless i 'm mistaken . 
  i wonder what the logic was whenever it was ripped up . 
  seems like we lost a great deal of service that made what is already a walkable city even more so . 
  and imagine what a streetcar system might have done for the broad and mlk corridors in terms of business and life along those neighborhoods ... 
  oh but sure cat ; brag about extending the tourist car on river st and keeping those buses with no-one on them weaving around the squares . 
  familiar with the story in la and other major metros , i just ca n't imagine the logic for it in a smaller city that seems to have been very well served . 
  i 'd like to see papers from the time , this could make a worthwhile essay . 
  good thing tourists do n't actually search/read before posting here . 
  now about that key to mata hari 's ... 
  i do n't understand how anyone involved in urban planning today could stand behind such outdated and shortsighted standards which have been proven to be unsustainable/less desirable/generally she in every metric than can be measured . 
  they once were separate entities , but necessity and the simple fact that haqqani operations were gaining attention and success drew resources and influence away from taliban personalities . 
  it made sense for one to seek to co-opt the other to prevent a mutually harmful rivalry . 
  the kabul attack network is a functioning example of this partnership . 
  that does n't mean it will endure . 
  this is a big deal , though i doubt it will change the overall dismal picture on the ground in afghanistan . 
  american here . 
  travel/live abroad . 
  notice things like this ( oh and universal healthcare ) which we could and should have too . 
  come home and get incredibly frustrated at just how many aspects of home are fucked . 
  suggest improvements . 
  get told to move to another country and told i 'm not a patriot because i want us to do better . 
  i know these are just windows , but god damnit it 's not just the windows . 
  it 's the quality of the freaking curbs and drains on the streets , the lampposts , the way the police behave , the trash bins/recycling bins , the fact that people use reusable bags over plastic bags . 
  it 's every single corner store and restaurant that is n't a chain . 
  it 's the quality of homes , apartments and the quality of the cities they make up . 
  walkable cities !, 
  it 's the public transport , fresh and local food available everywhere , it 's the universal healthcare and inclusiveness and work/life balance . 
  it 's cultures that value education and intellect over guns and self congratulation . 
  cultures that seem to place a higher value on the citizen , the neighbor , the fellow human being rather than the me the i and whichever lobbyist has funded the next election . 
  i am so tired of living in a nation that so loudly boasts that it is the best when we have fallen shamefully behind on so , so many respects . 
  as coked out and retarded as home can be . 
  i love it . 
  and i want better for it . 
  first off , of course there is massive variation for something as commonplace as a sidewalk/pavement or the related pieces , be they crosswalks , drains , curbs , ramps , texture to prevent slipping or marking or for bike paths so on and so forth . 
  but altogether they make up the quality of public space , of urban space . 
  in the us , most americans live in places dependent on a car , suburbia which sweeps across the landscape almost as a cancer since the post war years . 
  look at [ this ] ( http://www.citylab.com/housing/2013/06/devastating-impact-30-years-sprawl-seen-space/5955/ ) time-lapse of atlanta 's growth . 
  or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfzdyxwx50m ) record of the same sprawl around vegas . 
  the streets and communities built here were n't built for walking .
