  you 're failing to see the forest for the trees . 
  why do you say ? 
  i have n't looked much into cambodia , but what , besides the ruins would set it apart from elsewhere ? 
  thanks !, 
  r/savannah , you guys are super patient . 
  can we set up a tally for how many times this question is asked ? 
  i 'm not opposed to the kayaking or rock climbing , experiences are worth the cost !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  long answer ahead ... short answer , georgia . 
  i 've moved around over a dozen times growing up , both coasts , north and south , cities and suburbs . 
  savannah , georgia has won me over in a way i never thought possible of the south . 
  the city itself , the historic district is incredibly beautiful , twice the charm of charleston and just as much fun as new orleans . 
  there are 22 public squares filled with stunning live oaks . 
  their is an open container law which means you can walk to the park or from bar to bar with a cool beer in hand . 
  there is the savannah college of art and design located downtown which means there is a booming bar and music scene and an incredible concentrated creative energy that is rare in the south . 
  think mini brooklyn , portland , les , austin or something comparable to asheville . 
  tybee island , a wonderful small town beach is 20 minutes away and you have islands/marshlands in between . 
  across the savannah river is south carolina and hilton head , edisto island , bluffon and other areas rich folks tend to go to that i 'm not too familiar with . 
  two hours to the south and you have st. augustine , fl and jacksonville . 
  there is a really incredible hostel in the woods in this area . 
  in north georgia you have atlanta , mountains and all sorts of outdoor activities with endless countryside and small towns in between . 
  while living there , i found it hard to stay indoors , i just wanted to be out and about downtown and there was so much to do in driving range that i never once lacked for adventure . 
  i lived in nc , east texas and been throughout the rest of the south , but savannah stands out . 
  i wrote [ this ] ( http://www.distanceanddust.com/blog/2015/8/22/savannah-ga-a-love-letter ) thing with an analogy i used to tell visitors who compared charleston and new orleans . 
  edit : i forgot to mention the food ... ga white shrimp , grits and fried pickles will change your life . 
  that sounds like exactly what i was hoping for . 
  an all day kind of thing ? 
  i used to be in the military ... it 's scary just how many people bullshit about their time in addition to all the flat out stolen valor types . 
  so many , that there is a tiered progression of questions starting with :, 
  * who were you with ? 
  so much to work from based on this answer . 
  * where were you ? 
  where while deployed it means . 
  * when ? 
  * what base ? 
  thing is , all the hype over grunts and sof types plus this damaged badass culture that so many vets attach to means that many are n't satisfied with just saying what they did . 
  they feel the need to overinflate or vaguely imply they were in the shit . 
  just be you god damn . 
  you obviously know the region well , and i appreciate the discussion , but we 've run into a wall here . 
  remind me , what is the stated goal of the mb ? 
  what do their charters in countries besides egypt aim for ? 
  who are many supporters of the mb associated with/aligning themselves with in the absence of islamist parties in the current government ? 
  what would you say has happened to levels of extremist violence in egypt since morsi was ousted ? 
  like i said , you 're blind of the forest for the trees . 
   it 's essentially a response to modernity and colonialism, 
  while i think there is significant merit to this idea , i ultimately disagree . 
  to take another example from afghanistan . 
  schoolchildren are attacked , particularly girls when they attend government funded schools . 
  the hostility to education , particularly the education of girls does not come from an aversion to modernism , it comes from a fundamentalist interpretation of islam . 
  and that applies to the mb and the whole spectrum of conservative to extremist islamist groups around the world . 
  regardless of the west 's influence or lack thereof , historically , today , anytime , islamic values remain unchanged and a fundamentalist interpretation will lead muslims to pursue the creation of an islamic state , under islamic law . 
  i wo n't claim that isis , ksa , the taliban or any other government have fulfilled that aim , but all share brutal implementation of islamic law , oppression of women and a slew of other issues that are simply incompatible with modern life or the modern world at large . 
  nasserism , pan-arabism , gaddafi 's unique blend of lunacy , i can recognize as responses to colonialism and western involvement in the region , the mb , a product of islamism , not so . 
  you 've gone and put words in my mouth about some things , assumed others and mischaracterized the rest . 
  of course afghanistan is not part of the me or the arab world . 
  yes , pan arabism was largely a response to western actions . 
  i stated that clearly before . 
  no kidding sufis and wahhabis do n't believe the same . 
  you mean to tell me there are shia and divisions within the shia as well ? 
  i never implied there was unity within the ummah . 
  however , some sects are more dominant than others and some sects are far louder/spill more blood than others . 
  my whole point was to say that the mb is an islamist party and was democratically elected largely because of it . 
  which is to say there is a greater trend towards fundamentalism than many observers expected . 
  further , its roots in islamism make it ultimately dangerous to anyone who is n't a sunni muslim . 
  it 's no wonder violent extremists have made so much noise and gained so much ground in the country since morsi was ousted . 
  varied and complex indeed . 
  we must agree to disagree i think . 
  and i 'm using a decade of experience working to understand and combat extremism in the region . 
  carry on with your schoolwork . 
  maybe rent a scooter . 
  i did a day trip like this from florence in a hired car , loved it and had plenty of time . 
  if you get a scooter , be sure to check out montefioralle , incredible hilltop village and a great lunch spot to boot . 
  flying into london the third and staying in hammersmith . 
  bummed i 'm just missing this . 
  americans have been sold a suburban lifestyle and developers have been building suburban infrastructure for the past sixty years . 
  that 's sixty years of suburban development while cities remained stagnant , rotted even . 
  perhaps we 've forgotten how to build diverse and inclusive urban centers . 
  thing is , generation x/y would rather live in an urban environment . 
  many are beginning to notice the lack of sustainability in the suburbs , never mind the difficult to quantify social morass they present . 
  so demand has skyrocketed for a product we have n't delivered in quantity for two generations !, 
  i wonder if , as cities like ny , sf , london become increasingly unaffordable , if regional players like milwaukee , boise , philadelphia , birmingham , so on and so forth might grow to accommodate this demand . 
  they are n't as high draw , lack the star power of the big cities , but they are prime canvasses for growth , for new businesses , for incubating local talent and entrepreneurship . 
  i believe in americas cities if only because i see the demand for them and the potential that has bloomed in so many downtowns in recent years . 
  just the same , we 've all seen that same potential eventually drive out anyone without a substantial six figure income from the places they once helped create . 
  to add : it 's almost heartbreaking traveling abroad and seeing the quality , availability of urban , walkable space , then returning to the us and suburban nation . 
  we have a lot to figure out . 
  did you check to see if the statue was sculpted anatomically correct and all that ? 
  could have been something going on round back . 
  benedict cumberbatch anyone ? 
  pretty sure it 's not . 
  i 've had ups and downs on the road and this is n't some funk that the place is being affected by . 
  i 'm generally an optimist and can find beauty most anywhere . 
  i appreciate the quirk of the friends bars , the mountains are stunning , i 've even got more than one clean towel at the moment !, 
  that said , this place seems like a pit . 
  i really want it to be otherwise , hence asking here . 
  just , just how can you support her over sanders ? 
  when it comes to the issues , integrity , i just do n't know how a thinking progressive can support her candidacy . 
  i 'm not trying to troll , i do n't intend to argue/debate , i just want to understand a clinton supporters thinking . 
  i felt guilty last time i went through ... on the first day , chinese take out for lunch and sushi for dinner that night . 
  sometimes a man just needs an egg roll/a spicy tuna roll .
