  remember what was said here and know that it 's truth is inescapable . 
  islam is the root . 
  to back up . 
  your statement about the crusades suggests a thorough misunderstanding of history . 
  the crusades , for all their blunders and misdeeds , were defensive conflicts , initially meant to relieve pressure to constantinople and to recapture christian areas conquered by islam in previous decades . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i_to-cv94bo ) offers a succinct and visual recounting . 
  they failed of course , in the end . 
  and once the crusader states were gone you have the fall of constantinople , the mediterranean and the balkans all the way to the gates of vienna where on september 11th , 1683 , the ottoman forces were defeated . 
  that date was chosen by aq for a reason . 
  not at all and why would it ? 
  you 've dug deep i see . 
  hard to imagine hearing that coming from an old irish guy , i thought that was more of a generation y thing . 
  did you and her get into it during the debate ? 
  how did that walk home go ? 
  i really wanted to hear more about this story , but your post history suggests it is n't so . 
  carry on anyway ? 
  sounds like you dodged a bullet . 
  i hope , at least , that you got to enjoy said tits . 
  my political views evolved from middle conservative ( upbringing and ignorance ) to progressive and while that change was happening , i was with someone who was not changing . 
  it wound up driving me mad . 
  i left her long ago but every once in awhile i 'll see something she shares or posts on facebook and thank the stars i got away . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't follow . 
   right into the center of hell , or close enough to it for me at least . 
  and i 'd love to hear you elaborate on this . 
  [ bruh ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/guitar/comments/49o4j4/discussion_can_we_make_it_a_rule_that_anyone_who/d0uo5cs ), 
  this comment alone precludes you from being above thirty five and almost certainly excludes you from ` nice guy ' status . 
  edit : oh and cool guitars !, 
  i too wish to live in a first world nation . 
  not hearing of a shooting every day and tapwater !? 
  that 's the dream . 
  really not sure how this thread and the death of aaron swartz might be perceived as related . 
  that , actually sounds really rough . 
  how do you two handle it ? 
  i ca n't come back to savannah yet , but i 'm thinking of buying a place midtown and renting it out until i can . 
  this is probably a bad idea . 
  for that price range your best bet is probably finding a victorian split with other college students . 
  you want to keep your bracket between e. broad st and mlk and consider making victory or derenne your southern limit . 
  the character of a street can change from one block to another , but that area gives you the historic district , the victorian belt on into ardsley park and other neighborhoods . 
  the problem with the market is you are likely to find a big place in poor condition or a ( very ) small place that has been renovated somewhat recently in your price range . 
  just keep poking around and ask people you know in town , snag a place before it even hits the websites . 
  why do you say ? 
  i left not long after it opened , but i imagine it would be similar to the hue , which seemed like a really great place . 
  female - 23-24 - uk - university - arts , english/writing program - has cats - smoker, 
  view outside the window and the bottle of gin makes me think you must be in the uk . 
  london being a reasonable guess considering the architecture and prevalence of universities . 
  outside reminds me of kensington . 
  i ca n't confirm with no power outlets or english spellings visible . 
  you have a cat . 
  the wear to the headboard makes me think it still has claws and hops up there often . 
  the pens , quality pens at that suggest you are a writer or perhaps you sketch often for classes . 
  i am confident you are pursuing an arts degree , but ca n't venture beyond . 
  the number of books you have suggests you 've been at it a few years , a junior perhaps ? 
  maybe even pursuing a masters . 
  the bag is nice , you live in an urban environment so i 'd venture that you are pretty well put together , fashionable and such . 
  single from what i can see here , but that bag might also be for staying over with a boyfriend elsewhere . 
  how 'd i do ? 
  this is a really good one ... 
  male - 20-24 - india - student - from the city and a reasonably well off family . 
  i think you must live in asia/india/the middle east . 
  the led bulbs , sandals , indents in the wall , the gloss tile floor and mostly , of all things , the table suggest this . 
  i 've spent a good bit of time in the middle east and for whatever reason tables like that are quite common . 
  the ganesh ( i think ) by the door suggests india . 
  perhaps you are in a more modern apartment building in one of the major cities . 
  just made out the sari in one of the pictures to the top right , definitely india . 
  the backpack/preference for video games suggest you are a young student . 
  the ability to afford the games and the new apartment makes me think you are from a well off family who supports you while you study . 
  you have a motorcycle or scooter and a girlfriend as cued by the second helmet . 
  then again , we have no idea how big your space is beyond this or wether you have anyone over from time to time . 
  how 'd it go ? 
  it seems sanders is holding rally after rally , speech after speech while clinton is holding brief public appearances and these types of fundraisers . 
  am i off in that impression ? 
  does it not speak volumes as to someone 's loyalties ? 
  someone just watched man in the high castle ... 
  i never thought about the historical precedence , but truly , bremer 's decision is made that much more mind boggling with this taken into consideration . 
  let 's do the time warp again, 
  i would have liked to hear what the discussion sounded like preceding that call . 
  there must have been dissenters . 
  it was before my time though i sure lived the consequences . 
  because it was an orderly , complete destruction of the city carried out by the retreating whermacht . 
  it 's the beauty . 
  it 's the walkability , which fosters so much more . 
  savannah represents the best of the human element to me . 
  it was built for people , at the human scale , not just to move cars along quickly . 
  and so the streets are beautiful , the squares and tree lined streets provide respite from the sun and an abundance of green in an urban space . 
  the fact that it is walkable makes it easier to foster community , to support local businesses and create a place truly worth caring about . 
  a place worth calling home . 
  as someone who has lived all over , i have never had a city so consistently force me to take pause and appreciate the beauty of where i am . 
  next time you notice a trolley load of tourists gawking , a student sketching in a square or a camera raising up wherever else , be glad you live in a place where people travel from far and wide to see what you see every day . 
  it is n't any town usa , sure south of derenne is , there 's your applebees and your wal-mart with sixty other chains . 
  but downtown , midtown , that is savannah ; it 's community , culture , institutions , history and charm all very much its own . 
  that is rare these days . 
  the free parking on the weekends is pretty great too . 
  the city would look incredible draped in white . 
  i 'm planning on a relaxing and silent walk downtown in the early afternoon . 
  maybe a quiet dinner in city market ? 
  i found one in the velcro of my body armor five months after i left home for iraq . 
  explain that shit . 
  same , i remember feeling bad about having to throw it out . 
  how far that sucker had come . 
  might this have anything to do with the line formations in use through the gunpowder age until the first world war ?
