  i do well enough to get myself in trouble as is . 
  i say that just to say that i have no idea what 's going on here and i may be off base in the following . 
  though that comment resonates with me , i want to hold women to the same standard as men . 
  i believe we aught to , especially in this age of female equality and empowerment . 
  i find myself with an so who is * very * emotional and brings the attached drama with that trait . 
  i do n't coddle it , wo n't coddle it and i tell her that in various ways . 
  if we are willing to change in so many ways and play this complex game between the sexes , why ca n't there be room for blunt appraisal and improvement ? 
  i feel that by judging them `` by standards applicable to women '' we are shortchanging both sides when actual growth/social change might have been possible . 
  this is absolutely infuriating . 
  venice . 
  i was told venice was bursting with tourists , that the canals stank , that litter would be everywhere and prices would all be inflated ... 
  what i found instead ( in two separate summer trips ) was that tourists could easily be dodged by stepping off the few tourist chutes going to and from major attractions and find yourself nearly alone on beautiful streets and squares , usually filled with ambient noises of the city rather than the bustle of tourists . 
  venice drips with history , something i have read into repeatedly over the years and finally seeing the setting of so many stories , dramas , intrigues , conquests and so on all in front of me . 
  it was wonderful . 
  if you can recall and find passion in history and art , venice has more than enough to make it all worthwhile . 
  the air smelled sweet and summery to me , it was no dirtier than your typical italian city ( they are n't swiss or german after all ) and prices were n't bad outside of the tourist areas . 
  venice was a delight . 
  i do wish it had more of it 's own culture , community remaining that was n't built around tourism . 
  i can only imagine what it must have been like to live there before all the hype . 
  cannarregio ? 
  i always tell friends to stay there , strada nova connects you to the train station and main islands , yet you are removed from the tourist hordes . 
  wonderful area . 
  too easy , take the train . 
  give yourself a break along the way if you want . 
  strasbourg , munich maybe . 
  users like you are why i love reddit . 
  keep on keeping on . 
  considering how hard christendom/the west/europe defended those lands from repeated ottoman/muslim invasions , he still has a point . 
  itt : ignorance of history . 
  the ` near enemy ' sunni fundamentalists call them . 
  same here . 
  i took a vaparetto from the airport directly to the madonna del orta station on the north end of canareggio . 
  i got off with two italians and found myself to be the only tourist around the whole walk to my hotel . 
  i remember the first cafe i came by , guy saw me gawking , and called me over in english . 
  asked me if i just arrived , excused himself and brought a glass of bubbly out for us both to enjoy . 
  we toasted and made small talk before he wished me well . 
  no hassle to sit and eat , would n't accept payment for the glass . 
  would n't have expected that . 
  of course i came back for dinner the next day . 
  assimilation worked well did n't it . 
  seriously , how on earth can someone learn to write this way ? 
  all i find online are crappy training booklets with bad reviews . 
  it will , enjoy yourself !, 
  i have a whole album of pictures just from staring out the window on that ride . 
  the route through alsace was n't as scenic , but it 's hard to top the first . 
  this is shallow thinking/reporting here ... 
  for one , there are ten nimitz class carriers in our inventory , all wrapped up in a constant rotation between home ports and coverage of fleet aors . 
  between the cyclical deployments and refit periods , we have found ourselves in a unique place where the 2012 retirement of the uss enterprise created a shortfall in coverage . 
  the planned retirement of the uss george washington was delayed because of this . 
  while we are talking carrier retirements , remember , the navy is awaiting completion and delivery of three gerald r. ford class ships . 
  the first should be delivered in 2016 . 
  this is also not accounting for the dozen or so ships the navy and marine corps operate which by themselves could usually outclass most foreign carriers and indeed , fulfill similar missions a carrier would be expected to provide in its assigned area . 
  so , the navy faces a short term shortage for its already unmatched coverage , where do you pull from ? 
  maybe an area covered by enough ground bases as to not be negatively affected by the withdrawal of a carrier air wing ? 
  maybe a place that could be/already is covered by an meu and its air assets ? 
  yes , how about that . 
  we have enough infrastructure in the region to allow this shortfall to pass without much fuss . 
  if there is a fuss , an asset could be moved could it not ? 
  in the meantime , we maintain coverage around the world with our already overwhelming , staggering dominance at sea and in the air . 
  guess i should go repost this on the apple subreddit . 
  taking a look at your account , do you just sit back and constantly troll this subreddit ? 
  i 'm fully in recognition of the fact that sanders has far more internet savvy/millennials in his camp , but that does not account for the wide margin in which he won on polls large and small , local and national . 
  that does not account for the focus groups he won over either . 
  the bottom line is , cnn , msnbc , they had their own polls , and yet they ignore the results from them to trumpet an nbc poll which claims clinton won . 
  that is called an outlier , you do not use an outlier to tell a story . 
  the money trail is there , the establishment interests are there and here we are , many thousands supporting a candidate we are happy to stand behind . 
  as a redditor and sanders supporter , i watched the debate , as any american who cares should . 
  i voted on one poll , cnn , as i watched , my voice was ignored and blatantly hidden . 
  not cool with it . 
  conspiracy ? 
  it is what it is guy . 
  many of us are here because we appreciate the man 's integrity ; you expect us to be ok with news outlets blatantly lying ? 
  never have been , this time especially . 
  i can understand that a balance needs to be struck . 
  but when news outlets are running this story * today * in sharp contrast to the truth , i think we aught to reply and hold them accountable . 
  is this implying blacks have different ` fashion needs ' than whites ? 
  wear what you want , wear what you like , why would skin color come into play ? 
  i 'm torn . 
  trust me i see the bright side of letting it slide to avoid the negative perception that might come with making an issue out of what , in the end , does not affect what the candidates are about . 
  but at the same time , we recognize sanders is going against the establishment and corporate interests , we recognize they will fight him and here they have . 
  yet they have in a fashion that is easy to capture and shine the spotlight on . 
  easy to show the blatant bias and make voters aware of it from here on out . 
  to hold them accountable and maybe make them reconsider such censorship in the future . 
  with so many fence sitters , or so many simply saying ` oh he ca n't beat hillary ' those poll numbers matter . 
  i think the rift between east and west/christianity and islam is far greater than the political divide between capitalism and communism . 
  there may have been a cold war and various regional conflicts but the centuries of bloodshed , conquest and reconquest between islamic and christian powers can not be ignored . 
  look at the cultures incubated on both sides . 
  look at the arts , the philosophies and character of each . 
  there are highs and lows to each , but i for one am glad the west reached the point of dominance it once held . 
  imagine if vienna were taken in 1683 . 
  it would no doubt have been renamed/depopulated/refaced as constantinople was and who knows where the ottoman armies might have been stopped afterward . 
  on the topic , i 'd suggest [ enemy at the gate ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-enemy-gate-habsburgs-ottomans/dp/046502081x ) which tells the story of the ottoman drive to vienna and their eventual defeat . 
  it highlights the reason why religious divides persist in these former battlegrounds , shedding new light on the balkan conflict which was so often summarized along ethnic instead of religious lines . 
  tldr : not the same . 
  read more . 
  amazon used hardbacks cost next to nothing . 
  while i get the point , you are echoing a larger one perhaps , that few read for pleasure anymore . 
  readers are few and far between and the benefits of putting your nose in a book do n't just arise from textbooks . 
  islam is an important part of european history sure !, 
  integral to it even !,
