  do you have any light to shed on the above ayats from your tasfeer ? 
  you ca n't minimize or excuse these events by claiming they are all merely `` groups of militants '' . 
  there is case after case , example after example of islam being interpreted in this way , by those who claim to be devout muslims in varying places and times around the world . 
  how did they all come to same mistaken conclusion ? 
  mercenary has quite the negative connotation . 
  you do n't know what i do but i assure you i do n't pull triggers . 
  i am a professional who happens to work here at the moment . 
  it 's not like the economy in the states is exactly banging right now . 
  i will use the skills i have to find employment where i can . 
  and by the location of this line of work and the last decade of my life , i think i have had quite a bit of exposure to islam both militant and otherwise . 
  that decade of working in this part of the world has led to the views i hold . 
  sufi 's are awesome . 
  i 've only had the pleasure of knowing one , but man if they are all like him the world would be a better place . 
  there have been thousands of interdicted terror plots in the us and eu from muslims both born and raised in those countries , of immigrant parents and of host-nation parents . 
  the backwater excuse doesnt apply to the vast majority of cases . 
  well no , i 'm not going out of my way to offend . 
  i would bet that most of them would be passively irritated at most . 
  but ... . they 're furry and awesome, 
  i think islam has by far suffered the worst violence at the hands of extremism . 
  the us wars in this part of the world have only further inflamed extremism , but i find it odd that extremists/insurgents/tb / aq/whatever you want to call them manage to kill so many locals and innocents during the war . 
  i would argue far more than the us ever killed . 
  clarification : not trying to downplay how terrible these wars have been and the us 's role . 
  islamic ideals to an extent , but i 'd argue it behaves largely secularly . 
  compared to the madness you hear coming from saudi arabia and pakistan it 's hugely refreshing though . 
  that is intensely worse, 
  see saudi arabia or somalia, 
  so it is `` brutal but just '' to stone people for leaving islam ? 
  for adultry ? 
  it also completely undercuts the rights of anyone not muslim and makes absolutely no sense when it comes to modern judiciary practices . 
  wow thanks for this , it will take some studying to actually reflect and absorb what you 've written but i will be doing so . 
  why do you feel dumb for commenting ? 
  i would assume you 're thinking of this comment :, 
   `` the war in iraq i ca n't justify at all , but when i served there i removed people who were brutally murdering their fellow iraqi 's far more often than they harmed us , and yes i removed those who sought to do us harm . 
  i see iraq as a giant bug-zapper that for the length of that conflict , gave aspiring young extremists somewhere to go and die fighting armed infidels rather than hatching plots to strike us at home . '', 
  that gives you a searchable breakdown for the cause of death of civlians from 2003 - 2011 . 
  for your situational awareness ... . 
   monday 25 june : 16 killed, 
  baquba : 5 by ied in market . 
  falluja : 1 by gunfire . 
  june casualties so far : 382 civilians killed . 
  particularly notable since we are n't even there anymore , so who is doing the killing then ? 
  i have spent years over here and for every death at the hands of an errant bomb or trigger happy soldier there are hundreds killed by deliberate attacks on mosques , on homes , on markets , on schools , on pilgrimages so on and so forth ... you 'd have to be a fool or have never paid attention to events in afghanistan or iraq to deny the senseless killings commited by the groups i mentioned and others . 
  their application of sharia law and it 's implications, 
   on the qur ' an burning, 
  the burning was by foreign soldiers yes . 
  but if you apply logic or reason to the situation , you realize it was not worth the nationwide protests , political apologies and deaths on the streets that materialized because of it . 
  there were prisoners exchanging messages in books maintained in the prisons library . 
  these books were all summarily taken and removed to be disposed of . 
  a few average soldiers were ordered to burn the books , not having a clue what they were since the covers were in arabic , dari or pashtu and most soldiers do n't have a clue what the symbol for allah or the qu ' ran would look like . 
  so the soldiers ignorantly burnt the qur ' ans . 
  take a moment to be reasonable and you 'll recognize it was not worth the violence it sparked . 
   on information in afghanistan, 
  i am very well aware of local perceptions and how information travels here . 
   `` electing a group accused of numerous war crimes as the new afghan regime '', 
  what war crimes are you referring to ? 
   on news coverage of burnings and afghan resistance, 
  i only saw tidbits of coverage of the events by mainstream us news , of course the internet was on it . 
  and no , i will not label anyone who resists a foreign occupation a terrorist . 
  i do not agree with our presence here , the tb have much more of a right to participate in this government than we ever did and i do n't know why we are still here fighting them . 
  i also can not fault the shia jaysh al mahdi or the sunni jrtn in iraq for their fight . 
   '' implying that there is some sort of underlying hate in muslims themselves is hateful message . '', 
  how is recognizing what the world shows hateful ? 
  please , what have i said that appears hateful ? 
  i recognize a massive problem , as many do , and have simply laid down the gauntlet . 
   on mohammad 's ( pbuh ) `` peaceful '' takeover of mecca, 
  i do n't know what history you have read by mohammad raided and made war on mecca and the quaraysh . 
  it 's odd that his entrance into mecca was peaceful . 
   even saudis and pakistanis ? 
  but i heard they are barbarians !!, 
  you 'd have to be a fool not to recognize the extremist undercurrent bubbling in these countries . 
  nowhere did i call these people barbarians or imply they were . 
   on the expansion of islam . 
  religion and empire were one under the caliphate . 
  here , wikipedia , barney style has a nice , neutral discussion on islam 's expansion , look out for key words like , `` conquest , threaten , defeated , conquering '' and so on . 
   on obl and modern justifications for extremism, 
  sure obl had plenty of grievances to share to rally muslims to the fight . 
  but why do n't we look at his own words ... . . 
  opposing views from mine ? 
  i have been against both wars from the start ? 
  what views do you think i have ? 
  trust me man , that was shit all the way . 
  the smell was terrible . 
  someone had to have gathered it ... collected it ... and that 's what really makes this wtf worthy, 
  this was a beautiful reply , and thanks for it . 
  i do n't know how i missed it !, 
  `` fierce invalids , home from hot climates '' by tom robbins . 
  i swear every one of his books have been a pleasure . 
  in one paragraph , you 'll laugh your ass off , the next is so mind-blowingly beautiful you have to read it another four times , the next still is informative , with a dash of interesting cultural or historic trivia . 
  his writing by and large is clever , beautiful and poetic . 
  the book i 'm on now ** `` villa incognito '' starts with a badger parachuting from the heavens using his ballsack as the chute , landing , demanding sake from a farmer then punching the farmer in the face , taking the sake and going to screw the farmers daughter . 
  since we 're playing with wikipedia and since saudi arabia was not mentioned in your post :, 
   the legal system of saudi arabia is based on sharia , islamic law derived from the qu ` ran and the sunnah ( the traditions ) of the islamic prophet muhammad . 
  the sources of sharia also include islamic scholarly consensus developed after muhammad 's death and analogical reasoning by muslim judges . 
  its interpretation by judges in saudi arabia is influenced by the medieval texts of the literalist hanbali school of islamic jurisprudence . 
  uniquely in the muslim world , sharia has been adopted by saudi arabia in an uncodified form . 
  so saudi arabia ... center of the muslim world , wealthy , physically modern , educated and so on supports a system that regularly executes adulterers , gays , witches and warlocks and apostates to name a few ... . 
  you keep on saying `` they are n't doing sharia right ! '', 
  and i ca n't help but read it as an excuse for their actions . 
  i will not make the argument for them that the extreme interpretation of sharia is the right one . 
  they have already done it to varying degrees across the muslim world .
