  officially split in september . 
  last i saw her was october . 
  right now i 'm getting some work done , but i have tentative plans to go over to another gals place as soon as i 'm done . 
  yet here i am waiting for word from the ex because she might want to talk tonight . 
  yes , talk , because she 's like three states away . 
  typing it out , it sounds so stupid . 
  i do n't want anything more with her really , i do n't want to build a future as anything exclusive , i know that in my heart of hearts . 
  and yet i want to have her . 
  not as a possessive sort of thing , but to share the day to day and enjoy each others chemistry . 
  things are never this clouded . 
  good on you for making the choice to bail yourself . 
  have you seen her since you split ? 
  i think i royally screwed up by seeing her and sleeping with her after we split back in september . 
  there is a really nice gem on mlk , great wall , exotic , eastern cuisine that you could take back to your holiday inn and roll around in for hours until you were covered in sesame sauce and dried up grains of rice . 
  really the best way to spend a night here . 
  whatever happened in this situation ? 
  i find myself in a similar one . 
  did you have to pay your deductible ? 
  i spend to much time on reddit/drinking in this town . 
  hey man , bravo . 
  way to lay it out from your view . 
  especially loved this chunk . . 
   the location is also very important . 
  the flat landscape of the prehistoric lake creates a feeling of an infinite space , similar to the construct program in the matrix . 
  the playa is all around you and you lose the ability to judge distances , especially at night . 
  the heat during the day , the chill at night , and the dust storms , all add to a sense of wonder . 
  few times during the day , when winds are calm , one can see in every direction and take in the massive project that is involved . 
  however , any calm is short lived . 
  the dust picks up and you watch in awe as this infinite landscape shifts and morphs before your eyes . 
  you become an explorer of the playa as the great structures and sculptures , as well as people and art cars , appear and disappear on your quest . 
  the sensory experience continues into the night when the playa becomes an alien wonderland full of lights , lasers , music , and fire . 
  it is 360-degrees of stimulus that has no rival . 
  given the above , i hope that it is easier to see that burning man is not a singular themed event but a vessel for individual experiences . 
  you are presented this canvas of opportunities . 
  the path that you take depends on you , your personality , your contribution , your passions and desires , the people you meet , and pure chance . 
  i wonder what that office looked like after the red army got to it . 
  incredible , it 's powerful seeing images like this ... i can only imagine what it must have felt like to have stood there at the end of such upheaval and slaughter . 
  this matters - and yet my fellow americans will shout on about the 2nd amendment ... 
  the ease and availability of guns makes us all less safe . 
  an armed soldier stopped him . 
  the stakes are raised when every wan na be cowboy and thug have their own weapons . 
  yeah , when was the last time a good guy with a gun stopped a terrorist ? 
  actually , compare that to the last time a toddler shot someone at home/was shot at home . 
  so , what exactly is this thing ? 
  so a building ? 
  how would one get there ? 
  that 's still not specific at all, 
  so , what exactly about the ad was so offensive as to refuse business ? 
  i did n't , what direction did it go ? 
  only dated one swimmer , but i 'll never forget that figure . 
  dude , i 'm going to be listening to this for days . 
  thanks . 
  i mean , it 's what happened, 
  love this so far , thanks for posting !, 
  that 's some forensics kit you 've got there, 
  chiang rai , that place is wild inside ... pretty sure there was batman and some tie fighters . 
  i feel like i know this truth - but i 've missed out on an amazing thing before because i did n't stop spinning plates fast enough . 
  i 'm worried about making that same mistake . 
  could you elaborate a bit more about this change in you ? 
  i feel like i 've gone through this stage already , i know what i want , a committed relationship , but i may be sabotaging myself from attaining it by chasing new tail in the meantime . 
  it feels like an addiction . 
  i do n't know that it 's my responsibility to commit to someone who is n't right for me just for the sake of a relationship . 
  i 'm posting here to see if any others have felt similar and what 's come of it . 
  i feel like there should be no doubt , that no one else should matter when i find someone worth it . 
  i 've been there before , though it 's been a long time . 
  i 've lived a lot since then and i wonder if i 'm even capable of that sort of infatuation anymore . 
  i rode a motorcycle through kashmir this past summer , i remember seeing the news in delhi talk about protests in kashmir right before i traveled there , it was the last news i got until i left kashmir a month or so later . 
  there was a complete black out when i got there , only rumors of unrest in srinagar . 
  to me , it just meant the road was not clear , everyone said it was n't safe . 
  no specifics . 
  it 's wild to think of a place in 2016-17 with blacked out communications and only rumor to sustain locals from day to day , and who knows what else to inform the rest of the world . 
  savannah , georgia . 
  i 've lived in new york , london , munich and traveled all over , no place has struck me like savannah though . 
  it 's walkable , increasingly bike friendly and just plain beautiful . 
  vibrant arts and music scene , always something interesting happening and just big enough that you 'll come to feel part of it all if you wish to be . 
  walkable - atlanta, 
  choose one . 
   the fact that the modern music industry is literally built on black people . 
  almost every popular style , from rock , to hip-hop , to dance music , started with black artists creating or innovating on what came before . 
  this line of thinking is just plain toxic . 
  how far back in ` before ' should we go ? 
  there are centuries of musical tradition in the west and elsewhere that had absolutely no input from and absolutely nothing to do with the african race . 
  to claim racial ownership of so many styles just because there were black artists present ... i think it 's much more nuanced than that . 
  i wish we were chatting about this over a beer or a bowl . 
  that ownership though , how far back does it go ? 
  it 's widely recognized now that black artists generally gave rise to certain genres , credit has been given , yet that does n't mean that more people are going to know fats waller than elvis presley . 
  you ca n't social justice shame the world into preferring the same artists as you might . 
  and how would you go about giving any of these artists their ` fair share ' ? 
  this debate gets even more muddled once we go beyond recorded music and into sheet music , which again , is centuries of almost only white contributions . 
  [ obligatory no-shit because blacks were largely enslaved or sharecropping or otherwise mired in poverty ] . 
  as op pointed out already , statistically , blacks are ** overrepresented ** in these award ceremonies . 
  other minorities , generally underrepresented and yet where is the argument for them ? 
  the numbers do n't care about how you or anyone else feels , by the numbers , your argument is made void and if anything , it highlights the underrepresentation of other minorities , and the overrepresentation of blacks . 
  the fact that those who decide on these awards are asked to view each category through the lens of race is ultimately regressive and divisive . 
  also , why are we just talking about the grammys and the oscars here ? 
  what about the bet awards ? 
  an award show , for black entertainers . 
  what about the cmt awards ? 
  an award show for a specific [ incredibly white ] genre ? 
  it all muddles when these measures of success are included also .
