  are they just taking a break after 2014 ? 
  on their website the only show they have listed is in september this year . 
  they are pretty much number one/tied with edward sharpe as the band i most want to see/see again right now . 
  edit : i meant to start this comment and just say yeah ... these people are incredibly talented . 
  seems i need to make it to newport . 
  i 've probably played that same track - the audio ripped from it - at least a few dozen times and watched the video half that many times again . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  chills . 
  i go back to the video just because of the energy on show . 
  if you talk to tyler , tell them to come play in savannah . 
  if the swaying spanish moss does n't win them over the to-go beers will . 
  did you ever find a resolution on whether or not you are required to have a guide now ? 
  i am doing abc in may, 
  i 'll be doing abc in may , did you wind up being required to hire a guide or can you still go solo ? 
  i 'll be there in late may/early june . 
  i 'm a little worried about how busy it will be but i ca n't wait . 
  i just do n't know how people could sit down during this ... 
  thanks !, 
  i debating sending it because i do n't want to just be rude for no reason . 
  i wanted to look up those podcasts but had no idea which was which because there was no structure to the sentence , just a random order of words . 
  my head hurt . 
  does n't mean i want your butt to hurt . 
  i 'm always a fan of powerpoint ? 
  thanks, 
  thanks man . 
  who knew it would display so differently ? 
  sharing beers on the thames across from parliament with some fellow travelers - the lock in after . 
  sat on the edge of a private courtyard/canal in canareggio , venice and shared a bottle of wine with a woman i was very much in love with . 
  saw the monarch butterly migration in tikrit early one morning . 
  met up with some redditors in a munich beirgarten and wound up going to a club complex in an abandoned factory . 
  sat on the western tip of the ile de la cite at sunset . 
  driving an audi ttrs in the alps/driving a fiat 500 in tuscany, 
  watching kids fly kites in kabul, 
  caught the sunset at gates pass , az, 
  living day to day life among the spanish moss , the live oaks and the squares of downtown savannah , ga. 
  i love my country and wish badly that i could read a post like this and feel a surge of patriotism before i go back out to shoot my gun and eat bacon while getting my daily hour of flag waving done . 
  but i ca n't . 
  perspective gained by travel and awareness gained by a desire to remain informed means that i am usually dissapointed/frustrated/angry / disgusted by aspects of my country and countrymen . 
  your entire post posits that we can juts pick up and move anywhere based on our preferences . 
  for many reasons it does n't work that way and ignores that many people love their home and wish to improve it there . 
  but even if we did move to the state closest to our vision of perfect , our federal government is broken . 
  the benefits * you * and most europeans recieve we ca n't even begin to hope for in the coming years . 
  universal healthcare ? 
  nope . 
  how about you just spend the rest of your life in debt if something happens and pay hundreds a month for insurance in the meantime . 
  higher education ? 
  if you make it past the errors of common core and hope to get a college education , just be prepared to wade among a culture that stands far apart from anything resembling intellectualism and be prepared to take on a massive amount of debt due just as you enter the workforce . 
  infrastructure ? 
  sure we have an extensive ( and often poorly maintained ) highway system , but we have nothing to speak of in terms of an effective , let alone modern and high speed rail network . 
  and the very state of our cities themselves ... suburbia is a cancer that has rendered most american cities as sprawling asphalt wastelands with poorly built and cookie cutter homes tucked between . 
  you want to go to the store , the bar , work , school , you name it and you can expect to have to drive . 
  walkability is rare due to a generation of auto-centric growth . 
  that is to say nothing of sustainability . 
  religion ? 
  still divides us on social issues long resolved in europe . 
  see the `` sodomite suppression act '' or the discriminatory bill just passed in indiana . 
  we have a political system where both sides are arguably bought and one side is an active force of regression and division . 
  i find that many of my fellows operate on a simple ` i 've got mine , screw everyone else ' mentality when it comes to any sort of social programs . 
  government is viewed as bad and active efforts are made to undermine it 's effectiveness . 
  so many lack any vision of growth or a better future and actively resist efforts to create such efforts . 
  there is nowhere i can move to escape that problem except maybe another country ... the exact thing i am hoping to do . 
  i wore a blue nike ballcap every day from the second the final bell rang until the end of the night . 
  it was gross , oily and stained before i got rid of it . 
  i have no idea why i did that . 
  that has got to be tough , but thank you for sharing . 
  i remember when my granddad passed , he had been in pain for years and said flat out that he was tired and ready to go . 
  his body was failing but his mind was sharp as ever and when he did go , i honestly felt more relief for him than anything else . 
  he was ready to go , he went and was n't in pain anymore . 
  i would want to go the same way . 
  and i wanted to celebrate his memory , celebrate him instead of wrap myeslf up in grief at his loss . 
  i hope that there is some silver lining in this like there was mine . 
  all the best to you in these tough times . 
  i 'm heading to annapurna in may though i do n't have as much time as i 'd like . 
  what would you say is the minimum amount of time it would take to complete the abc trek ? 
  the rest of my itinerary and reason for short time is posted over here . 
  got lucky really !, 
  i took it to rossfeldpanoramastrasse and looped around several times before just getting intentionally lost . 
  the fiat was just a regular model but it had a sweet fabric top that with the windows down made for the perfect cruiser . 
  i wound up almost getting jammed in sienna on some narrow lanes - all in the name of free parking . 
  they say it always pulls you back . 
  i intend to aim for it . 
  when did you leave ? 
  probably because i sounded generally grumpy in it . 
  those are hard truths about living here and it 's easy to look away if you want to . 
  that last sentence hits hard and i know the feeling . 
  it 's funny how the universe jerks us around sometime ... how we jerk ourselves around . 
  when she chose an overpriced bar of soap over a lifetime experience . 
  we were staying in venice and our first morning was spent shopping along one street instead of exploring the city . 
  there was so much to see and do yet all she wanted to do was poke around these few stores . 
  i humored her for awhile because it 's what she wanted to do , but it got a bit silly after several hours looking in generic boutiques when there is an anything but generic city waiting for us . 
  she bought one thing , a small bar of soap from lush ( a store you will find in most any european city - sorta like bath and body works ) , the bar came in a tin box . 
  hours later we are having coffee just around the corner from the piazza san marco and the sun is getting ready to set . 
  i was hoping to take her to the top of the san marco campanile where we could gaze over the entire city , across the adriatic , north to the alps and across the italian mainland ... but she noticed her box of soap had melted during the day . 
  she demanded we get back to lush so she could get a new one , i told her about the belltower . 
  to further my point , the sun was starting to paint everything orange and there was no line to go up the tower . 
  the moment was there , right in front of us , yet she crossed her arms and demanded we go back to the store before it closed . 
  i went up the belltower . 
  she did n't come .
