  when the ottoman army approached , the hungarians lowered red banners across the walls as if beginning festivities and greeted the army with a single cannon shot . 
  the siege lasted over a month , each island being defended fiercely during which disease ran through the ottoman camps and ottoman emperor suleiman the magnificent died . 
  the ottomans offered the hungarian defender count nikola zrinksi leadership of all of croatia as an ottoman vassal , which he ignored and continued to fight . 
  after extensive bombardment and before the castle could be assaulted , zrinski and some 600 survivors swung open the gates , fired a massive mortar loaded with shrapnel at the attackers , killing some 600 . 
  following the shot the hungarians charged into the fray . 
  zirinski , swinging his father 's sword , shouted `` let us go out from this burning place into the open and stand up to our enemies . 
  who dies -- he will be with god . 
  who dies not -- his name will be honored . 
  i will go first , and what i do , you do . 
  and god is my witness -- i will never leave you , my brothers and knights '' . 
  zrinski was shot twice in the chest and killed by an arrow to the head during the charge . 
  before the charge zrinski ordered a fuse to be set in the castles powder magazine . 
  after breaking the hungarian assault the ottoman army entered the remains of szigetv\u00e1r and fell into the booby trap . 
  the ottoman grand vizier ibrahim 's life was saved by one of zrinski 's household who warned him of the trap when the vizier and his troops searched for treasure and interrogated the survivors . 
  while inquiring about treasure the prisoner replied that it had been long expended , but that 3,000 lbs of powder were under their feet to which a slow match had been attached . 
  the vizier and his mounted officers had just enough time to escape but 3,000 turks perished in the explosion . 
  the siege cost enough lives , time and resources to effectively end the ottoman drive west . 
  it 's a story i had never heard until reading about the 1683 siege of vienna in which this battle was described in the prelude . 
  ** the histories of alcibiades and giuseppe garibaldi to be thrilling and inspiring . 
  i would provide accounts but i am by no means an expert and i would n't know how to condense their rich histories into a short read . 
  i have worked overseas the past 13 months , spending only 14 days stateside in that time . 
  i was taxed heavily the first 10 or so months before filing for overseas exemption . 
  i earned over 90k in that time before taxes but significantly less considering . 
  my question is will i see that money back and how do i ensure i get it back ? 
  will it be returned after the end of this tax year ? 
  i will be returning to the us shortly and this return is pretty key to future plans . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm a 24 year old male visiting from savannah . 
  i 've spent a good deal of time in new york so i wo n't be asking about times square or mispronouncing houston . 
  i will however be chasing down a burlesque event every night i can from thursday to tuesday and probably going to sleep no more in chelsea . 
  it will either be just me or one of several friends in the city , i 'm always up for making new friends though . 
  tell us what had happened and how it do . 
  if the above ingredients mixed together gets you the least bit excited or , lets be honest , sets your nethers to boil , then you should come out to one of our trails !, 
  virgins drink for free !, 
  we 're a group of friends from all sorts of backgrounds , brought together by hashing . 
  you 'll find a group like ours in just about every major city and all over the world . 
  we drink , sort of run , and be merry . 
  `` but with the throttle screwed on there is only the barest margin and no room for mistakes . 
  it has to be done right . 
  and that 's when the strange music starts , when you stretch your luck so far that the fear becomes exhilaration and vibrates along your arms . 
  you can barely see a hundred ; the tears blow back so fast that they vaporize before they get to your ears . 
  the only sounds are the wind and the dull roar floating back from the mufflers . 
  you watch the white line and try to lean with it . 
  howling through a turn to the right , then to the left and down the long hill to pacifica . 
  letting off now , watching for cops , but only until the next dark stretch and another few seconds on the edge . 
  the edge . 
  '' -- hunter s. thompson , hells angels, 
  this was taken in florence last year while we were visiting each other in the middle of some 15 months apart due to work . 
  unfortunately , it ended before i came home for good . 
  this picture reminds me of wonderful times with an amazing woman , though it remains distant and almost anonymous at the same time . 
  i was hoping someone could either brighten the foreground/darken the exterior , stylize , or otherwise refinish this so it might be put in a small frame . 
  i really have no idea where to begin so any effort is greatly appreciated . 
  i know this is largely a thankless request ( other than my piddly karma ) but i would really appreciate it . 
  i 've got a few roads in the area i enjoy and plenty of day trips dreamed up , it 's just a matter of getting a few other riders together . 
  anyone up for some seat time ? 
  i imagine there must have been a standard of sobriety expected of patrons lest they become too drunk and attract attention to the establishment . 
  similarly , how was traffic limited and speakeasy 's kept secret . 
  it seems the law would have to be complicit for even the smallest of places to survive . 
  intelligence analyst, 
  [ the long war journal ] ( http://www.longwarjournal.org/ ) daily articles and competent commentary on security issues pertaining to the war on terror . 
  [ foreign policy ] ( http://www.foreignpolicy.com/ ) informative and thorough articles on world stories broken down by region . 
  my roommate is changing jobs and has to move , place is available now !, 
  for a job overseas , afghanistan as a civilian to be more specific and i miss it so much already . 
  can i just echo what a wonderful place we get to call home ? 
  feel free to post pics of downtown on the daily , you 'll get an upvote from me . 
  i 'm also putting some foxy loxy stickers here and in dubai . 
  pics of that once i 've found a good spot . 
  last afghan deployment i was at camp pheonix and enjoyed the hell out of time spent in the tiki hut cigar shack . 
  does anyone know of a spot like that on baf ? 
  there is a cigar club near the uso but it 's outdoors which will suck in the next couple months and no one seems to know each other . 
  tldr : looking for a comfortable place to put on some music and have good conversation/cigars on baf . 
  i 'm away now but if i were home both would definitely be in my schedule . 
  last year 's speed classic was a great time with good food , drinks and lots of areas to sit and enjoy the racing . 
  they even let you into the paddocks to get up close to all the cars between bouts . 
  the galleon should be getting into river st. sometime around 6pm today . 
  currently working as a contractor in afghanistan with leave periods of 30 days every 120 days . 
  i was expecting to travel in march or so but i just got thrown the front of the line and will be leaving in two weeks . 
  i just started this job so i only have around 3k i can spend but airfare is taken care of . 
  i do n't really care to go wild with the adult scene there but would like to find the quirky , historic , beautiful and serene places that the country offers . 
  i am open to crossing borders too as long as i can get there from and get back to bangkok . 
  i will be looking through this and other forums but i was hoping you guys could help with some ideas !, 
  thanks !, 
  first off , i am deployed to afghanistan now and looking to kill time at the end of the day . 
  my internet it pretty crappy when it comes to downloading things so i wanted to know what essentials i would need to join in these games . 
  as it stands , epoch , taviani and all sorts of other server specifics are unknown to me . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll leave the other new guy questions to the search bar , 
  i 'll be arriving in bangkok next week and will have a full month to spend around the area . 
  i 'm planning on spending a few days in bangkok , a good bit of time around chiang mai before heading into laos and then vietnam . 
  anyone know of active kennels in the area ? 
  i already have a lead on chiang mai but i 'd love to hash or help hare wherever i can . 
  on-on !, 
  long distance love story from the beginning ... met her in the us and now i 'm in afghanistan working . 
  i 'd like to find someone who lives nearby who would be willing to leave a message for me . 
  pm me if you 're willing and we 'll come up with a plan !, 
  edit : this affection is mutual - no restraining order on either side of the atlantic - zero chance of stabbing/getting tazed, 
  people here are asking for recommendations as to what to do all the time . 
  let 's have fun describing the worst generalizations of places . 
  so let that inner cynics hate out and tell us what you love to hate about the nightlife downtown . 
  protip : this is lighthearted , rip on your own place if you like !,
