  anyone that has worked with a clearance , even just a secret , or anyone that has worked in any capacity within the intelligence community knows that this is complete and utter bullshit . 
  they do n't have anything , they wo n't have anything . 
  you could probably get a rough idea of the different levels of classification used by the us and our partners just from a quick google search . 
  the hardware and physical permissions required for certain classifications completely negates anon 's statement . 
  the statement is sensationalist and will hook only those ignorant of how security clearances and sensitive data is handled . 
  they do n't have anything , they wo n't have anything . 
  as a veteran of both the iraq and aghan wars ; and as a professional currently supporting the effort in afghanistan ... i am disgusted with what has been done in the name of the `` war on terror '' . 
  i was in iraq when combat operations were declared over , staring wide-eyed at the news before continuing the mission as usual that night . 
  it was a farce . 
  our departure from iraq was premature and the government has only become more sectarian , there are more deaths in iraq this year than afghanistan ... the news does n't talk about it though . 
  the news , the facts reek of failure . 
  what did we gain from that war ? 
  afghanistan is not the vietnamesque quagmire some describe it as , but in my opinion it is a wasted effort . 
  the green on blue attacks are being downplayed right now , but there is little we can do to prevent their further occurence . 
  al qaeda is on it 's heels in this theatre , badgering the taliban and haqqani leadership to join part of the fight . 
  we came here for aq , aq capability has been greatly reduced here while they are fighting en masse against yemeni authorities and several african govts . 
  sure we are making efforts there as well , but what is the justification for remaining here ? 
  meanwhile at home we have given so much of our freedoms away . 
  i 've flown through dubai , london , munich and vienna in the recent past , all were cake compared to dulles or atl in the states . 
  land of the free my ass i think each time i line up for the first security check , then the second , then the third and so on . 
  if we intend to remain the big kid on the block with the big stick mediating everyone elses business , we need to maintain the massive international network of bases we have which could support operations in their respective areas . 
  or , we could consolidate our shit back home , leave everyone elses back yard , maintain intelligence efforts to prevent terror threats stateside and rely more on our soft power for our foreign policy . 
  that would require a massive shift in the mentality of our leadership though , it wo n't happen . 
  the security apparatus at home is likely to grow and our operations overseas ... well , who knows what 's next . 
  that is a great looking bike . 
  my iron is pretty much stock now and i love the way it looks , but each time i see bikes like yours the wheels in my head start turning ... 
  stunning bike , that is a sporty done right . 
  i made a similar argument that so much we take for granted now , even the continent we live on , was obtained by expanding the frontier of humanities collective knowledge ... his response , `` well we 're comfortable here '', 
  put these all up in my debate coffers . 
  1 ) are you black ? 
  2 ) are you sitting in the back ? 
  `` i 'll just ** watch ** sports and fuck '', 
  fixed it for you, 
  with a little editing , this quote could become famous . 
  saving it in my notes for certain . 
  well said !, 
  i get fairly irritated at those who make those jokes with a serious undertone of `` fuck the french '' while completely forgetting just how much the french did to support our revolution . 
  also , i 'm currently in afghanistan and surrounded by soldiers from most of the isaf nations . 
  there are lots of french on my base . 
  these guys are professional as can be , much more so than the average u.s. soldier . 
  nevermind the politics that make the french commitment to afghanistan seem questionable , as individuals these guys are top notch . 
  aye how fortuitous must it have been to direct fresh produce and manure towards whoever happened to be in the stocks at the moment . 
  like you need to become a rapper or sports star to escape and propegate the use of oversized rims on decent cars rather than just 1980 's caveliers ? 
  this, 
  i remember being in the back of my parents car , in a childseat in the middle . 
  it was dark and there was a net of some sort over the cars roof light , the interior was tan leather . 
  mom woke me up and said that we were going over the golden gate bridge ... shit if i know how i remember that but i do . 
  i also remember my bouts with this green shag carpet covered stairway that i used to try to crawl up as a baby . 
  i always got three or four stairs up before someone picked me up or i got too nervous . 
  you 're doing it right, 
  it looks horrible , but then again most of the london olympics products and promotions look terrible . 
  i keep thinking of the eiffel tower or space needle as towers that arose from similar intentions but produced something so much better . 
  great post !, 
  unfortunately it 's easier to tear down and build something new with cheaper materials/methods/less skilled workers . 
  easier to build corporate cookie cutter designs just waiting to be plopped into place . 
  people seem not to mind such things or lack the will to maintain what makes home , home , part of which is a places historic structures . 
  the last paragraph is beautiful . 
  i could not have said it better . 
  the far reaching implications of this style of construction are discussed in james howard kunstlers writing . 
  if you have n't checked him out already , you should . 
  that 's 5 hours and 30 magical minutes ... . 
  reflects just how shitty most modern art is allowed to be . 
  it gives me hope to hear that * you * recieved an education which provided more context , but look at the front page of this subreddit . 
  i do n't think there are many like you . 
  i actually live in downtown savannah . 
  every time a tourbus goes by i want to yell to them all `` you 're home could be this way too ! '', 
  1 ) my job includes mitigating the threat of things out there worth worrying about . 
  i have done this job in iraq and afghanistan , and have done it well . 
  2 ) i wore a uniform for years , this is my first time overseas having to choose my own clothes . 
  the typical blackhawk or 5.1.1 tactical clothing out there is generally less comfortable than any uniform , stiff and bulky . 
  i wanted quality clothes that would last out here but also , get this , i am going to come home fuckface , and i want things that i will use at home as well . 
  the result , i have stuff that serves me well over here and i will enjoy back home . 
  here is a nice cup of go fuck yourself . 
  is this in brooklyn ? 
  f and g train ? 
  i 'm loving them so far , but how long did it take for the tops of yours to break in ? 
  winner !, 
  pay has gone way down over the last couple years , it 's really nothing special anymore . 
  do n't have to worry about rent , gas , food and so on while here though , so it 's still easy to save cash . 
  i picked the watch up in the dubai airport awhile ago . 
  i just went over the entire timex page and i could n't find this watch . 
  there are similar ones , but not this . 
  sorry i couldnt be more help . 
  rj colt minor maybe ? 
  nope , good old fashioned xbawx, 
  not sure if ... just not sure, 
  i posted a couple pics of the watch up top , hope it helps ? 
  have a picture of today 's sunset instead, 
  at the hand of us doing the work ? 
  or at the hands of those fighting over the contracts themselves . 
  you do n't damn the bank teller for the corruption within her bank , you should n't blame me for the corruption of other companies in the past . 
  also , bullshit i operate outside the military code . 
  i am subject to host nation laws and ucmj . 
  i ca n't even have a beer here , even though soldiers of other nations and state department guys get to !, 
  why bash them for extending a simple kindness ? 
  i served for years in uniform and i thank those i recognize as veterans and those currently serving when i see them . 
  just because i do this as a civilian now i am a heartless mercenary ? 
  i agree the war on terror is hardly `` protecting our freedoms '' or whatever other patriotic mumbo jumbo you hear to justify these conflicts . 
  i think the war on terror has done more to remove american freedoms at home more than anything else . 
  the war in afghanistan removed al qaeda 's unhindered freedom here , they have just moved elsewhere .
