  there is the large guy in wright square with the booming voice . 
  he sits just off center and sings while making those reed flowers and what not . 
  i sat and spoke with him once , wanting to know who this was i passed most every day , but i 've forgotten . 
  i keep thinking his name was mr. bojangle for some reason . 
  there is another gent who plays violin . 
  looks to be in his 50 's , very community college english professor ` ish . 
  he plays well , but would be easily forgettable if it were n't for the fact that he wears a full face elmo knit balaclava during the winter . 
  he stops at fancy parkers often enough that you can see him/elmo riding his bike down drayton on winter evenings . 
  then there 's that bastard who claps his hands and sings the same three songs/plays the trumpet and plays the same three songs on river st. 
  but we all know there is no reason to go there anyway . 
  i appreciate that you have names for all these guys !, 
  i feel like i may have seen the high cut short dude but the rest are new to me . 
  beautiful sporty !, 
  you 're gon na have a blast on that thing . 
  eat flounder , ga white shrimp , blue crab , grouper , fried pickles , zunzi 's , etc. 
  drink on congress st. or at one of the local watering holes off of river st. have a beer in one of the squares , because you can . 
  stretch out your sea legs . 
  bull st. barnard st. jones and gaston will give you a nice loop displaying some of savannah 's best, 
  if i were home and free i 'd jump on . 
  miss that salty feeling . 
  one should never hesitate to trade their cow for a handful of magic beans . 
  i 'll give it a day or so before letting you know if you 're on to anything . 
  it 's comments like these that make this subreddit awesome . 
  i wo n't answer just yet , but i did want to ask , what made you guess architect/civil engineer ? 
  by all means !, 
  you might be on to something . 
  jeeze , imagine what 's in my closet !, 
  that was very powerful and poignant . 
  thank you for sharing . 
  and thank you for sharing some sensible solutions . 
  that 's really tasteless going in that direction . 
  i 'm not suggesting you adopt a rambo mentality , but i wonder why you would let a crime carry on if you had the power to stop it . 
  reddit is happy to rally and say ` we would have done something , shame on these passerbys ' when a case comes of up of others allowing a crime or injury to carry on in their sight . 
  maybe you are just being honest . 
  can you elaborate on this ? 
  have you been to gatwick in the summer ? 
  foxes running around central london ... just how ? 
  some really outstanding deductions here . 
  wonderful lines of thinking and attention to detail . 
  so , to confirm or deny your guesses . 
  * i 'm 27 , male , white , living in savannah , georgia . 
  * single , active dating life ... with roommate ... these pictures were taken because i was looking for another actually . 
  all the stuff is mine though . 
  * former army , currently employed as a government contractor . 
  i was surprised no one noticed the military helmet on the top right shelf near the door . 
  or the snow covered humvees in the picture frame . 
  * passionate about travel , about place , city planing and architecture included . 
  i actually intended to study architecture and urban design at the savannah college of art and design . 
  i had no idea that passion came through in my decor . 
  * other interests include history , literature , social issues in general . 
  lots of military reading and classics in there too . 
  * all the pictures and decorations are my own , however , besides the middle east , afghanistan , india and nepal , i have not been anywhere in se asia . 
  the hindu figure i found in a kabul bazaar . 
  the asian decor i mostly scrounged from china town during my time living in new york . 
  i had a thing for the exotic old antiques . 
  * very sociable , but i like to have my place as my place , quiet , warm , relaxing , i guess both came across . 
  * yes , the apartment is very old , 1870s in fact , lots of work to be done always . 
  * the hard hat was actually found in the lowlands nearby , planned to give it to the local hash group . 
  ( long story there ) . 
  / u/tsany , no nieces or nephews or regular kid visitors . 
  just friends that act like kids sometimes . 
  who does n't love uno from time to time ? 
  / u/47ronin , i 'm not in petrochem or civil engineering , though your line of thinking is easy to follow . 
  the texaco sign came from an antique shop somewhere in tn , the platter below originated in saudi arabia , though i picked it up in mosul . 
  good catch with lamb , christopher moore as well as tom robbins are a couple of my favorite fiction authors . 
  joy on every page . 
  / u/abilahamed , no worries at all about your english . 
  great job , and what a subreddit to start with !, 
  way to hit on the bike , there are two motorcycle helmets on the shelf by the door and the goggles might suggest the vintage/cafe racer vibe ... which would be right . 
  that and the petrol sign and motorcycle painting . 
  i have a harley , one that matches the vintage aesthetic though . 
  no chrome for me . 
  amazing catches with the glass and yes , savannah winters are heavenly . 
  bravo guys . 
  i 've been sitting waiting for submissions to get a few jabs in myself . 
  this is tough to imagine ... big ass turkeys gobbling around downtown ? 
  this is a thing ? 
  so we need to introduce london 's foxes to boston . 
  problem solved . 
  i think it would be rad to watch them hunt/evade each other though . 
  yeah ? 
  outdoor pubs would n't be the same . 
  tell the story when you can , but in the meantime , be easy and enjoy the burn . 
  it 's all growth from here . 
  good to know !, 
  i was thinking that my later arrival would leave me sol . 
  i was camped near the spider vaginas too . 
  i did n't go over to their camp but did get to watch their sherpas pack the entire thing away for them as we worked on cleaning and clearing out own lot . 
  they had bins arranged outside of the doors and a crew who emptied/tore down everything for them while they scooted around in the one ( of two ) art car they had n't broken . 
  they used a forklift to remove rebar , that was pretty cool . 
  i think part of the shared experience is lost when others do the lifting for you . 
  sure , you could say they are being radically self reliant ( on their money ) but ultimately they miss out on some key growth in my opinion . 
  thanks for the stamp !, 
  i enjoyed explaining them to others later , i went with wisdom and confusion though i think you had a better schtick . 
  some bands i genuinely enjoy , some i could care less about . 
  not from here and have no idea with where to start in looking for things that allow one to enjoy a show to the best of their minds ability . 
  i did n't even realize it was ending so soon . 
  do potomac ducks have a lobby set up or something ? 
  where did you find this ? 
  i left a few in choice locations asking burners to enjoy the camera and mail it in .
