honestly i think you looked best at 140ish , not that you do n't look great where you are now . 
  well the thumbnail of your picture makes your bed look like a german flag ... german women are inherently awesome and i was disappointed that is was n't . 
  you look like a doll though , an absolute sweetheart somehow . 
  then i saw the peanut butter next to your bed ... . 
  have you ever been to a savh3 hash ? 
  are you going to green dress in savannah ? 
  man it 's been freezing here . 
  it was the second harshest winter on record this year . 
  i do n't know why people picture afghanistan as just desert heat , it 's got a little bit of everything . 
  bullshit ... but thanks !, 
  great !, 
  looking forward to this . 
  you say audio schematics though , is that anything like what 's shown in the link ? 
  movie : the fountain, 
  music : death is the road to awe by clint mansell, 
  bar none the most powerful moment in film when the music halts for a moment then explodes in sequence with events in the movie . 
  her intent is to start her own troupe . 
  she has the name and a few gals who may actually stick through it . 
  i like the realistic optimism as you describe what happened with your group . 
  she has suggested we do routines together or i introduce folks . 
  i 'd love to join in but have only seen a few mens acts . 
  what do you do ? 
  would you be willing to post the name of your group ? 
  where are you guys ? 
  please !, 
  thanks , funny thing is , her real name is even better . 
  great !, 
  i 'm talking with her about it now , hopefully she 'll send you all an email soon . 
  i was in mosul a couple years ago . 
  i wish i could have passively scoped you out in the dfac between missions ... 
  fucking thank you for that movie, 
  sorry to have taken so long to get back to reply but yes , we are in savannah . 
  you anywhere near ? 
  savannah based general oglethorpe and the panhandlers are getting bigger and bigger locally . 
  they 're on tour now through the south and put out a whole bunch of feel good/easy feeling type music with a couple heavier songs . 
  they deserve to be heard . 
  other songs that show the different feel if you like this one . 
  - red hot, 
  - sick sick lover, 
  i saw this a few days ago and poked around his website/blog for awhile . 
  it 's worth taking the time to appreciate the work his team puts in and the quality product he produces . 
  i 'd love to contribute as he does one day and this is a fine example to follow . 
  `` architecture makes a strong case for the collective status of an era . 
  in this regard , the buildings we raise have something to say about our nature - quiet constant reminders that our lives are too brief for mediocrity , and that insomuch as this is our time , it is we who decide daily whether to participate in that which is hopeful and amazing or that which is ineffectual and mundane . '', 
  - clay chapman, 
  perhaps i paint with a broad brush , i do indeed notice and appreciate the improvements * inside * buildings but i see no reason why this would be exclusive to most contemperary style buildings . 
  what i like ? 
  personally i 'm a fan of art noveau construction as it 's presented in brussels . 
  i appreciate and find beauty in a wide range of styles , i suppose i enjoy far more than i dislike , unfortunately the forms of construction i dislike seem to have held preeminence in the community for some time . 
  occasionally i find myself binging on flickr , favoriting things i like , my favorites page has some good stuff . 
  thank you for saying this . 
  older structures have already proven their worth and continue to do so as they generally can serve in most capacities . 
  the same can not be said for most things built in the last 60 years . 
  single purpose , single tenant , single use and generally lasting less than a single lifetime . 
  implying that traditional methods could not be merged with modern amenities ... 
  wait wait wait , so the typical parisian street or manhattan block is artsy fartsy yet * this * is not ? 
  that is arty for the sake of artsy . 
  classic styles followed function and used similar core concepts with the times preferred style , most all having proven themselves loved and appreciated over time . 
  the structure above will never enjoy the same fondness . 
  the fact that these are time tested , every day structures which correlate with their environments to create a beautiful place . 
  scalable to people and a reflection of the society that built it . 
  what does what the last two generations have built reflect on us ? 
  `` architecture makes a strong case for the collective status of an era . 
  in this regard , the buildings we raise have something to say about our nature - quiet constant reminders that our lives are too brief for mediocrity , and that insomuch as this is our time , it is we who decide daily whether to participate in that which is hopeful and amazing or that which is ineffectual and mundane . '', 
  - clay chapman, 
  the teeming ports of greece were n't occupied by a single cultural identity , the agoras of rome were n't occupied by a single cultural identity , the same could be said of most any of the periods of history we could reflect on today . 
  what if artists during the renaissance were each trying to peddle their unique identity or roman architects did n't produce the style we all know today ? 
  we have an identity , it is generally a cheap , tasteless and shameful one . 
  we have thousands of years of history to pick and choose from , hundreds of cultures to absorb and out of all this we should be able to produce something better . 
  as ndarchi said , this is beautifully presented in savannah and charleston . 
  seperate from the veranda porches associated with the south , all across america we have our main streets , however disused many may be now . 
  presented in single stop light form or at the larger scale in our cities they seem uniquely american . 
  the brownstone too comes to mind . 
  i do n't understand the need many of you seem to feel to separate yourself and our current age from the past . 
  it reminds me of a young punk trying desperately to get away from his parents . 
  we should build upon the knowledge of the past not seek to remove ourselves from it . 
  celebrate our history and if we seek to define ourselves as something to stand alongside the classics , we should at least build quality . 
  once i 'm finished with my current employment overseas i was hoping to head to the savannah college of art and design . 
  i think i 'll be a minority with these opinions there . 
  here 's another infographic displaying the current bible belt . 
  i bet this same data could be compared to studies on poverty , crime , divorce rates , higher education and drug use to paint an interesting picture . 
  does anyone have any idea what the pants , shirt and shoes are ? 
  i 'm trying to buy this outfit outright . 
  ** part two **, 
  from : josh derp &lt;joshderp@derpmail.com&gt;, 
  subject : re : faith and intellect, 
  to : `` daddy derp '' &lt;daddyderp@derphoo.com&gt;, 
  date : thursday , june 2 , 2011 , 12:34 am, 
  dad ,, 
  the discussion becca and i had that daphne saw was in regards to the church promoting judgment day on 21may11 at exactly 6pm around the world . 
  starting in new zealand and moving westward ( in sync with our man-made time zones ) there would be natural disasters as gods faithful were called to heaven . 
  as you know , this did not happen . 
  however , there were thousands of christians and millions of dollars put to work to spread the message as far as china and dubai in the form of broadcasts and billboards . 
  i will just copy and paste the convo she and i had . 
  j ( me ) - well , the end of the world has already arrived on the other side of the planet . 
  so does this mean yet another batch of fundamentalist christians were wrong ? 
  again ? 
  yes , again . 
  b ( her ) - josh , again : fuck this `` fundamentalist christian '' crap . 
  you 're implying that the may 21 thing is something foundational to christianity .
