  7 ) kuffar ( non-believers , that means me ), 
  i could go on ... . 
  how is this pathetic ? 
  and how is it even a complaint ? 
  it 's more of a statement/accusation looking for reason . 
  the world just may be complicated enough that everything ca n't be condensed into 30 second sportscenter commentary you know . 
  it 's a complicated subject and is not tailored for the sheep or daft smartasses . 
  thanks for not contributing and being a general dick . 
  no i 'm not sure that anyone will make the effort to discuss this , i mean , hell , it 's * effort * . 
  but i hope some will . 
  and i hope myself and others hope can learn something from it . 
  i think if you would subscribe to the islamic faith then you should be aware of and should be able to counter or defend the actions and policies i mention in the original post . 
  if you ca n't defend your faith or support your own choices , why subscribe to it at all ? 
  the evasive behavior shown by so many believers when confronted with flaws in their own logic/beliefs is typical and childish . 
  cowardly even . 
  i see the value in debate and discussion , even when it turns to an outright argument . 
  i can still learn from someone else no matter how close-minded they may be . 
  sometimes i just think that islam is 500 years or so behind christianity , owing to it 's later establishment . 
  500 years ago christianity had teeth , was widely corrupt , contradictory and violent . 
  far more than it has been in recent history . 
  and the population supported it . 
  dissent grew though and somewhat of a happy medium has arrived to populations that host large numbers of christians . 
  i wish more muslims would speak out about the contradictions and horrors produced by islam . 
  i hear far more western apologists or political correct politicians excuse it all away than i ever hear recognition of the actual issues . 
  not in any particular order there . 
  i was petting a dog in kabul once , a dog that looked absolutely pitiful and run down but kind nonetheless . 
  then i noticed the afghans staring at me ... 
  granted the dog was freaking nasty it was odd that such as simple thing as befriending dogs was so frowned upon . 
  i disinfected the hell out of my gloves later . 
  if they are much more intelligent and tolerant then their voices have all the more need to be heard !, 
  how do they rationalize it all ? 
  what are their thoughts on the tenets that lead others to stand by bigotry and glorify death ? 
  or throw stones at it until it was pulp, 
  thanks for the insight regarding ancient cultures assimilated into islam . 
  it makes sense when considering pakstani 's make up so many of the cases that get attention in the uk , but i have read of turks and iraqi 's , both sunni and shia commiting the same honor killings in the west and the east . 
  it only explains it so far . 
  just like the nijab and burqa have cultural origins but have been merged into muslim practice , so too have honor killings ... to a degree . 
  i think you misread my comment in the original post . 
  i meant that the list was just attacks , and did not include sharia rulings or honor killings , etc etc. 
  who knows how many cases have occured around the world in places the international media is not present or does not care . 
  i am working now and do n't have time to respond as i was , though i will later . 
  but i had to stop and say thanks for this reply . 
  if more thought as you , or the rest of the world heard your voice , things would be very different . 
  thanks again . 
  it 's backwards i know , i could give a shit about upvotes but the content of that post and the discussion it could start is worth linking to . 
  i 'm sorry you take it that way . 
  this was in no means meant as a personal attack or as an attempt to villainize all muslims . 
  it does n't change the fact that islam propegates so much violence . 
  and i by no means agree with my countries actions following 9/11 , the invasion of iraq or the general ignorance many american 's hold regarding muslims . 
  far too much blood has been shed in these wars . 
  then again , far too much blood is shed on the borders of muslim majority areas and non-muslim areas . 
  in near every place where islam and another religion meet there is bloodshed perpetrated by the muslims . 
  in africa , in europe in asia and all throughout history . 
  it 's easy to ignore because it 's a steady trickle of violence compared to the great spectacle of modern warfare staged by the us . 
  does n't mean it should be forgotten or passively excused . 
  i 'm in kabul now , it 's 4:49 pm here . 
  take care of yourself !, 
  the autocratic governments the arab spring has worked and is working to overthrow have produced what ? 
  an inroads to sharia . 
  look at the party that won the elections in egypt . 
  abu ayyub al masri , the successor to abu musab al zarqawi ( brutal leaders of the islamic state of iraq/al qaeda in iraq responsible for tens of thousands of iraqi deaths and murders ) got his start in the muslim brotherhood . 
  how many states now is the muslim brotherhood starting to dominate in ? 
  i hate to be sensationalist but all signs point to a dark road ahead . 
  these people were outraged by the excesses and incompetence of their governments and the poor living conditions these governments had produced . 
  as many iraqis will tell you , saddam was a brutal dictator and truly a terrible man , but he held the country together . 
  even today iraq is being rocked by sectarian violence and there is no end in sight to the conflicts/differences between sunni , shia and kurd . 
  the christians of ninewa and baghdad btw were practically blasted out of country during the war . 
  christians who were relatively free under saddam surprisingly . 
   `` no modern state exists that follows shari'ah by the way . '', 
  what do you call saudi arabia ? 
   `` people might commit atrocities in the name of islam , but that 's because they 're using islam for their own economic and political advantage . '', 
  that makes since if we 're talking about mohammad 's ( pbuh ) expansion or the expansion of the caliphate through the ottoman empire , when ottoman forces carried off thousands of christian slaves , obliterated cities and repopulated entire nations with muslims . 
  but , i do n't think there is a modern equivalent . 
  can you provide one ? 
  jihadists certainly are n't living lavishly in dubai because of their efforts , it 's certainly not an easy life . 
  collection of the jizya and other fun aspects of being a dhimmi kuffar ... 
  `` the degrading jizya collection ritual was a salient feature of broader anti-dhimmi regulations codified into islamic law , consistent with qur ' an 9:29 . 
  the `` contract of the jizya '' , `` dhimma '' , or `` system of dhimmitude '' , encompassed other obligatory and recommended regulations for the conquered non-muslim `` dhimmi '' peoples , including jews , such as : the prohibition of arms for the vanquished non-muslims ( dhimmis ) , and of church bells ; restrictions concerning the building and restoration of churches , synagogues , and temples ; inequality between muslims and non-muslims with regard to taxes and penal law ; the refusal of dhimmi testimony by muslim courts ; a requirement that jews , and other non-muslims , wear special clothes ; and the overall humiliation and abasement of non-muslims . 
  it is important to note that these regulations and attitudes were institutionalized as permanent features of the sacred islamic law , or shari\u2019a . 
  the writings of the much lionized sufi theologian and jurist al-ghazali highlight how the institution of dhimmitude was simply a normative , and prominent feature of the shari\u2019a :, 
  ... the dhimmi is obliged not to mention allah or his apostle ... jews , christians , and majians must pay the jizya [ poll tax on non-muslims ] ... on offering up the jizya , the dhimmi must hang his head while the official takes hold of his beard and hits [ the dhimmi ] on the protruberant bone beneath his ear [ i.e. , the mandible ] ... they are not permitted to ostentatiously display their wine or church bells ... their houses may not be higher than the muslim 's , no matter how low that is . 
  the dhimmi may not ride an elegant horse or mule ; he may ride a donkey only if the saddle [ - work ] is of wood . 
  he may not walk on the good part of the road . 
  they [ the dhimmis ] have to wear [ an identifying ] patch [ on their clothing ] , even women , and even in the [ public ] baths ... [ dhimmis ] must hold their tongue ... . '', 
  are you even trying ? 
  it takes no time whatsoever to find dozens of references to najis all over the internet , and in every list , every reference , kuffar is listed as unclean . 
  from al-islam . org :, 
  a person who does not believe in allah and his oneness , is najis . 
  similarly , ghulat who believe in any of the holy twelve imams as god , or that they are incarnations of god , and khawarij and nawasib who express enmity towards th e holy imams , are also najis . 
  and similar is the case of those who deny prophethood , or any of the necessary laws of islam , like , namaz and fasting , which are believed by the muslims as a part of islam , and which they also know as such . 
   as regards the people of the book ( i.e. 
  the jews and the christians ) who do not accept the prophethood of prophet muhammad bin abdullah ( peace be upon him and his progeny ) , they are commonly considered najis , but it is not improbable that they are pak . 
  ho wever , it is better to avoid them . 
   the entire body of a kafir , including his hair and nails , and all liquid substances of his body , are najis . 
   if the parents , paternal grandmother and paternal grandfather of a minor child are all kafir , that child is najis , except when he is intelligent enough , and professes islam . 
  when , even one person from his parents or grandparents is a muslim , the child is pak ( the details will be explained in rule 217 ) . 
   a person about whom it is not known whether he is a muslim or not , and if no signs exist to establish him as a muslim , he will be considered pak . 
  but he will not have the privileges of a muslim , like , he can not marry a muslim woman , nor can he be buried in a muslim cemetery . 
   any person who abuses any of the twelve holy imams on account of enmity , is najis . 
  here is a nice gem from a muslim forum :,
