  both effected my life in town sure , but this is n't about either . 
  i ca n't imagine what it must of looked like for the rest of the world to see such a feat of construction . 
  just think , there was no precedence to this , no other nation or power pushing so far ahead and so quickly . 
  it 's no wonder so many came . 
  male - late twenties/early thirties - german, 
  jackets , boots , power outlets , wall heater in room , german welcome mat all suggest , well , germany . 
  perhaps you support the argentinian team or went to south america on holiday ? 
  building is in a relatively new apartment block . 
  post 2003 construction . 
  young professional who either travels often for business or simply is not home often . 
  educated , as the shelves would imply . 
  tempted to venture that you work in it as per the food around your computer , the ergonomic mouse pad and the fact that you must make a decent living , however , your computer chair does not seem to comfortable enough nor the chair worn enough to suggest you spend too much time there . 
  keurig/coffee machine in the kitchen is in an odd place , i ca n't imagine using it daily tucked in that corner . 
  i wonder if you are not in a design/creative field . 
  your flat is very well set up and coordinated . 
  single , ca n't guess about how often you have company over . 
  the candles look like they have n't been burned though they are a nice touch . 
  by the height of the computer chair i 'd say you are near to 200lbs , perhaps 5 ' 7 and stocky . 
  your shoes by the door look too small for me to guess any taller . 
  i venture stockier build by the high height of the computer , the coke zero and the fact that the computer area seems to get more use than the kitchen . 
  the framed medals are interesting . 
  looks like german armed force proficiency badges along the bottom , perhaps an old russian award in the center and maybe american dress awards on the right . 
  i imagine all would be available at thrift shops in germany . 
  the house does not look very lived in , that 's contradicted though by the many house plants , which all would require care . 
  incredible liquor cabinet , sipping whiskeys/scotch galore !, 
  the care put into the cabinet contradicts what i 've said before about the place not being lived in . 
  perhaps you are just very , very orderly . 
  perhaps this was taken on a day off after a day of chores , quick dinners and time to relax and browse online . 
  very nice steam trunk . 
  and suddenly i realize you have a flatmate . 
  how on earth do you two keep the place so clean ? 
  excellent submission , and much i 'm not sure about here . 
  no matter what , you have a beautiful home and some really good tastes . 
  you seem put together . 
  looking forward to hearing how i did . 
  how bizarre !, 
  i 'm reading hard-boiled wonderland and the end of the world right now . 
  my first by murakami . 
  not sure what level of writing i aspire to , but i hope to get better . 
  just need to keep thumping this keyboard till something worthwhile starts to come out . 
  what gets me is that i still see military/contractors and families in military areas wearing all this wwp apparel . 
  how do so few know how jacked up they are ? 
  i left ten or so cameras with my return address on them . 
  even left one at the reddit meet up . 
  thing is , i have n't gotten a single camera back . 
  i guess that makes me a moop making asshat . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  i really wish i had googled the flag now , that would have helped a lot . 
  you seem to have a really good thing going , i 'm glad for you and wish all the best !, 
  i mean , this is pretty explicitly london ... they did n't even try . 
  `` ages away '', 
  `` twats '', 
  confirmed british, 
  walgreens did the same thing to an incredible old bank in boston . 
  kind of sad to see what was once a proud , local institution now reduced to selling potato chips and tampons . 
  thoroughly enjoyed this read . 
  it resonates heavily with one of the reasons why i love the burning man community so . 
  ** submission statement **, 
  having worked in the shadows on just such targeting missions , the disclosure of scale , physical location and specificity of deployed assets could dangerously hinder the effectiveness of special operations units engaged abroad . 
  however , with politicians demanding greater action and often calling for spectacle , bombing , more boots , anything to show that work is being done , the revealing of sof deployments to counter such hard talk only hinders our mission against isis and enemies elsewhere . 
  sof assets must remain in the shadows to be most effective . 
  this demands a rebalance and measuring of dialogue on the topic unlikely to occur with so many war hawks claiming obama is doing too little . 
  the fight against isis will be fought largely in the shadows , with these operators dealing surgical blows to an enemy who would otherwise resist a conventional force . 
  `` and we 'll ask the bartender to pour us another round , and we 'll toast the women who took our hearts and threw them to the ground . 
  we 'll drink to roads untraveled and words we 've left unsaid . 
  and pray we get to heaven , before the devil knows we 're dead . '', 
  owed to a beautiful bastard with aspergers i used to know . 
  where was this ? 
  were you camping and just moving about as you liked in the forest ? 
  this sounds like my thing . 
  thanks !, 
  looking into it now . 
  i just posted [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/travel/comments/439wjs/another_thailandlaos_itinerary_set_on_the_path/ ) spelling out my own rough plan . 
  any advice ? 
  also , if that 's your site , great job !, 
  that line of thinking has n't stopped how many luxury renovations or even new construction , high rises and the like that your average new yorker will never be able to afford , but rather will be sold as investment properties to the world 's ultra rich . 
  our priorities are so skewed . 
  and london, 
   the whole reality tv show coverage you guys seem to have, 
  do n't i know it . 
  how do you like that epic sporting event/fight night music that each channel plays during the debates ? 
  if that is n't an example of how low public discourse has deteriorated i do n't know what is . 
  it cheapens the entire political process . 
   as for religious awakening , no there really has n't . 
  the mb were the only group that were organised enough in the presence of free election to be able to capitalise on it , and they did n't campaign on religion , they campaigned on service delivery and poverty alleviation . 
  i 'm glad you said this . 
  however , it 's worth noting that the taliban gained power and support in afghanistan for their relatively simple ability to provide ( shariah ) courts/a system of justice where the warlords failed to do so or were viewed as corrupt . 
  if you choose to take a donut i offer you because it has icing on it , you 're still taking a donut . 
  islamism is inseparable from the mb agenda , and that agenda was democratically elected . 
  yeah , you came off as unreasonable throughout and your last comment on the mb settles it . 
  right , for ankor wat . 
  i do n't think there is anything else along my path that might rival those ruins and i 'm not sure when i 'll be back in the region again . 
  though i intend to make it . 
   there are some great activities and places nearby to explore if you 're after something a little more active , so you could spend a couple of days on these as well if you wanted . 
  that 's what i had heard . 
  beautiful scenery , hikes and so on all around . 
  i figured i 'd go for that then relax in a bar in town . 
  the fact that it 's chilled out sounds great to me . 
  knowing i 'd prefer to get out , worth it ? 
  and just like the muslim brotherhood carried out it 's islamist agenda , nationalists pushed an independence agenda .
