i am delighted to have evened out the upvotes on the past thread . 
  ( sorry u/redbeardcometh i had to downvote you , but i loved your comment ), 
  you 'll be waiting 2 years for that in fairness . 
  free money does n't mean instant gratification, 
  hey britain , do n't hog ** all ** the free money ( inb4 : someone greek will comment next ), 
  why did n't they just keep on fucking ? 
  seems like the sensible thing to do, 
  i never thought i 'd say this , being irish , but every time the british landed on the continent , they left it in a better state ( well , morally speaking ) emphasis on continent, 
  wales is sounding very exotic and unusual all of a sudden, 
  i know . 
  it 's the worst swimming i 've ever seen . 
  i think i found the german, 
  i sat in on a podiatrist 's consultation with a guy with both alzheimer 's and diabetes 2 months ago . 
  really nice patient . 
  he 's just chilling out , watching the lady clip his whole toe nail off , then loads of skin , and then muscle , right down to the bone . 
  that was a similarly odd day . 
  the ceiling ?!?!, 
  sounds arterial . 
  is the guy ok ? 
  dem hose ai n't loyal, 
  hey , so switzerland ... 
  i was thinking ... wan na join the eu . 
  i mean i feel like we have a lot in common . 
  you like doing silly dances over hoses . 
  we all have our own silly dances . 
  i think it might be nice . 
  call us . 
  i mistook your flag for the ol' nazi red white and black for a minute, 
  looks like they named france pretty accurately so, 
  i agree with the sentiment , but i 'd imagine pro-brexiters would feel they deserved to have the 75 % threshold going their way . 
  i interpreted it as political establishment , rather than `` the establishment '', 
  in response to u/iwanttosaysmth , the `` boring and convenient choice '' is exciting . 
  it is worthy of hype . 
  i think the comparison to obama is most relevant in terms of temperament . 
  they 're both pretty calm and collected dudes , one of them happens to have a slightly more shit-eating grin, 
  well if you look at what varadkar was saying today , and macron last month , it seems to be a return to centre rather than all the way left . 
  he was on point today when he said the left-right divides of the 80 's wo n't be the major political divide of the future . 
  ( paraphrasing obviously ), 
  yes , but almost all political decisions come down to money , loyalty or fear . 
  you ca n't deny that trump is a massive source of fear right across europe ( in a `` it happened to them , it could happen to us '' kind of way ), 
  it 's likely though that brexit will have more lasting damage, 
  u/drunkonboxwine for a little more context , the troubles centred around the ira and the uvf terrorist groups . 
  sinn fein were the political wing of the ira , and dup were the political wing of the uvf . 
  before there was any snap election in the uk as a whole , there was controversy in northern ireland , as sinn fein refuse to do anything until arlene foster resigns as head of the dup . 
  amazingly , this is getting zero attention from large uk or american media organisations . 
  it 's covered much better by irish and northern irish outlets ( irish times is what i 'd read ), 
  for a little more context , the troubles centred around the ira and the uvf terrorist groups . 
  sinn fein were the political wing of the ira , and dup were the political wing of the uvf . 
  before there was any snap election in the uk as a whole , there was controversy in northern ireland , as sinn fein refuse to do anything until arlene foster resigns as head of the dup . 
  wow , irish politics is truely going international, 
  fyi , that individual happened to be the fake news in italy edit : oh wait , you 're italian , you 're probably all too aware, 
  interestingly , peter the great of russia used to work in european shipyards to learn the european ways to modernise russia . 
  i hope this is a picture of putin doing the same . 
  you 'd think the soviets would have left finland until * after * the war, 
  murphy 's law : everything that can go wrong , will go wrong muphry 's law : everything that can be spelled wrong , will be spelled wrong, 
  well it certainly was one of them, 
  i have never to my knowledge been called up on my spelling by a dutch person before , but i 'm surprised it has n't happened sooner . 
  i have never to my knowledge been called up on my spelling by a dutch person before , but i 'm surprised it has n't happened sooner . 
  oh do n't worry i was n't disagreeing with you either, 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  you win this round u/spacemanaut, 
  i read this in a really thick polish accent, 
  based on a not very through glance at wikipaedia , i stand by my `` no bullets '' thing , even if it 's completely false in spirit ( as per your ship bombing anecdote ) . 
  although please do tell me if you do find out i 'm wrong, 
  what the two finnish dudes said, 
  really , that 's the part that worries you ? 
  interestingly there was an anglo-finnish war in which not a single bullet was fired . 
  it was one of the only wars between two democracies, 
  i believe that is what he meant, 
  i hear there 's an airport there where the border control agent is also the coffee vendor, 
  oh piss off . 
  you 're really starting to annoy me now . 
  i brought this up as an interesting point about `` hiberno-english '' . 
  i was never trying to prove irish people are better because of it , i was n't trying to say , it 's the only country where something like this exists , i was n't setting up an excel spreadsheet with ireland at the top and catalan just below . 
  all it was was nice little piece of information about the way we speak . 
  christ almighty, 
  please refer to my response to the norwegian guy/girl . 
  i 'm happy to let the swedes in on this , but the brits really ca n't have any part . 
  it could well have been a viking word that we adopted from you . 
  i 'm happy to leave the actual origin ambiguous and say we both came up with it together in a pre-christianity international summit, 
  no , not in the same way it applies to irish people . 
  pretty much all irish people use the `` extra vocubulary '' , but only a portion of irish people actually speak the irish language to a high standard . 
  what i 'm talking about is largest vocabulary within a distinct population . 
  yes . 
  also donald trump became president , britain left the eu and france did n't elect the more `` selfish '' of their two presidential candidates . 
  you might be on your own here for a while, 
  interestingly irish people are said to have one of the largest vocabularies in the world . 
  we have english vocabulary * plus * `` hiberno-english '' which includes irish-isms like feck instead of fuck as well as gaeilge ( irish language ) words used in english sentences . 
  the typical example is geansa\u00ed , which means jumper/sweater . 
  this goes a long way to explaining why james joyce can be so challenging to read . 
  how are people not understanding this as they 're typing, 
  you 'll find a particularly high portion of the insane ones on kildare street, 
  holy shit , you 're actually right . 
  all you need is a british george soros and you could make this a possibility . 
  how german of you, 
  i do n't think it 's a slight on finland , it 's just that our `` go to '' scandinavian country is sweden . 
  resting `` the country put me in an impossible position '' face, 
  hahaha i always wondered if that was what was implied by gay frogs, 
  or a gay putin clown tattoo, 
  nazi gold,
