the fradinho probably comes from people who experienced sleep paralysis, 
  well , we saw how it went last century ... 
  the problem is more of trust and business rules . 
  if france starts to cancel trades and contracts because it caved in the pressure from other countries , good luck for it to sell anything after that . 
  also , you should probably give some shit to the british government . 
  who sell weapons and military equipment ( comm and crypto , mainly ), 
  why not ? 
  everyone does it . 
  ask cameron . 
  on most of the articles i read ( in french , sorry ) they were n't going into the details unfortunately , sorry . 
  what he meant is that they have been modified to work under very harsh cold climate . 
  yay !, 
  * because we totally do n't need money right now . 
  * i 'm sure the ue is going to pay the 1.6 billion fee if we do n't deliver !, 
  and that fucking cameron ... 
  i want to gouge his goddamn eyeballs , always whining on us while he was still selling weapons to russia 6 weeks ago . 
  probably did n't even stop . 
  uuuugh ... 
  i need to have some coffee ... 
  absolutely not !, 
  what they really want is the french technology inside them , which we are also selling them . 
  it 's great for them , because they are late in that domain , so it allows them to catch up without having to research and engineer it themselves . 
  mojang is swedish but american owned . 
  ubisoft is also american owned and most of their studios are based in canada . 
  arakane is french but owned by bethesda , and it will soon disappear . 
  let 's not forget the polish of cd projekt . 
  it was a melting pot of french , italian and spanish . 
  it does n't refer to french , but before french were french , they were the * francs * , 
  i do n't know . 
  putin said ` anyone who does n't regret the soviet union has no heart , anyone who wants it restored has no brain . ', 
  they must have been so happy that a tank is named after him . 
  it was because he did n't react fast enough when the soldiers shouted to everyone to get on the ground before opening fire on the boat , not because they mistook him for a pirate, 
  shhhh . 
  rafales * unless you want your planes for 2030, 
  about the banter ? 
  when hollande was promising to be hard on careless banks ( lol ) , cameron and london 's mayor promised the red carpet to all the french companies that would want to emigrate to the city . 
  macron and c & ie is just giving him back some of his words . 
  top kek at all the salty brits and macron giving some banter back to london 's mayor . 
  france 's president can govern and pass laws and decrees on his own , he has a lot of power . 
  but he exposes himself to a censor votes from the parliament . 
  if lepen passes right-wing establishements laws she could very well bypass most democratic process by having the regular right 's support , much like our current president does with laws opposed by the people . 
  they 'd probably cut his benefits, 
  `` i do n't know anything about what we 're talking about , but let 's write a 6 paragraphes tall textblock on it . '', 
  glad it 's not the other way around . 
  it 's grand politik , if you 're not a dick , you 're dead . 
  ask poland when it requested political support to the ud and uk, 
  it is the full interview , yes . 
  it 's not dead , maybe check if you have any restrictive adblock or broswer plugin installed ? 
  what ? 
  that 's not true , in many interview he said he would launch a referendum to leave the eu if things ended like that , it 's just that he 's convinced he wo n't have to go that far . 
  he 's talking about the fact that by example countries ca n't lend each other money and need to use private banks with interest while those banks get 0 % loan from the ecb, 
  no , hollande health 's minister is a former pharmatical lab conglomerate lobbyist . 
  we had a health minister buy a suspicious shit ton of vaccine to a pharmatical lab with public money for a slightly more aggressive flu several years ago . 
  something like 70 % of the vaccines were n't use and had to be destroyed despite a fear-mongering campaign placing the disease akin to the avian flu for humans . 
  it really shattered the view of many people over vaccines and the relations between the government and the private labs, 
  right wing politician . 
  wants more autonomy from the eu , against islam and immigration , nationalist, 
  completely talking out of memory : technically yes with even with new laws to order slaughterhouses to have cameras , but in reality it 's either not enforced , or you can get yourself in trouble for whistleblowing if the company is big enough . 
  the usual corrupt shit, 
  i do n't see where his disdain for social democracy is , can you explain please ? 
  yes , we have a bot for that . 
  that 's not entirely true , he 's mostly supported by very big business , not your average 50-100 man company boss, 
  meh , they 'll probably shift the fee somewhere else or invent some bullshit, 
  his logic is that france is such an important part of the eu that they 'll never let us leave . 
  people who vote m\u00e9lenchon do it to vote left , but not ps . 
  if he told people to join with hamon , the abstention score would skyrocket . 
  but is n't the holodomor specifically about ukraine ? 
  why not both ? 
  is this a race ? 
   hamon and the left wing of the socialist party basically do n't believe in a ( regulated ) free market . 
  ** the core of their ideology is true socialism : a first step towards communism ** . 
  wee-oooo weee-ooo , american detected , everybody to their state-sponsored hammer and sickle !, 
  however , half your past is right , though . 
  do n't imagine the shield disintegrating or something like that , but more of the creation of a tear that would make part of the shield useless, 
  yeah , once the armistice was signed . 
  well , the ps was n't very socialist either during the presidency anyway . 
  ah yes , more ultra-liberal politicians stripping people of their rights and their benefits is exactly what we need right now , nice . 
  they have high levels of trust because they know what 's good for them when somebody asks them about their government, 
  what law ? 
  til a couple of mayors and politicians are ` the french ', 
  lmao . 
  plans to leave it and go full isolationist / self-sufficient . 
  yeah , and cut funding to our ` planned parenthood ' equivalent , so reduction of contraceptive . 
  they 're banking a lot on the christian vote in some regions . 
  edit : my mistake , le pen does n't want to repell gay marriage but gay adoption, 
  he already said he was n't going to repell anymore the laws on abortion and gay marriage . 
  so it 's probably the best left voter will get, 
  well i 'm no statistician but i believe they use the results of previous elections and compare it to polls before that election and try to estimate the difference, 
  meh , they 're just plebs , not really people . 
  well , that effect is supposed to be taken into account when making a poll . 
  mostly overpaying pr firms of his friends when campaigning, 
  he 's been elected by only a small number of people , if you look at the total number of people who voted . 
  while the popularity polls are on the entire population . 
  yeah but it 's making headlines because it 's a nationalization . 
  nothing else . 
  ah yes , shooting soldiers is the same thing as executing a civilian after a trial . 
  da , very good commentary comrad . 
  ah yes . 
  because nobody went there except those seven ( not three ) dudes . 
  actually it 's been built just for them , in hindsight !,
