  did n't know the king paddled to the americas to kick some redcoats in the ass until they reach the sea . 
  lol okay . 
  that 's some stale bait dude . 
  yeah , they did that by sacrificing two generations of their people between other things . 
  then you should use that to read more about sarkozy 's 5 years , 
  i do n't see how that contradict my statement . 
  but that 's not what we 're talking about here . 
  during the presidential campaign he was caught several time being condescending or outright disdainful to workers . 
  please come back when you 'll be able to read two sentences in english , thanks, 
  do n't really see why i should be polite to half-hassed passive-aggressive answers . 
  unsurprisingly most of the right-wing satirists are very racists/homophobic : / ex in france : radio courtoisie with de lesquen , whose personnae is a super-racist monarchist character , calling people `` congoids '', 
  you mean , the first stance he backed off and profusely apologized because it was indeed stupid , and the second that was taken out of context in a speech at the eu parliament ? 
  damn , i was for some reason convinced the su had a more relaxed stance on homosexuality . 
  i 'm probably mixing up with somewhere else but i ca n't remember . 
  damn , that 's a lot of wrong . 
  you kind of reap what you sow . 
  the issue was that for many , macron was as bad in different ways . 
  `` choosing between the plague and cholera '' as they called it, 
  talking about politicians , not people though . 
  do n't know how it is in your country , but that 's pretty much the case in france . 
  what about you go fuck yourself and let him answer my question , instead of being a cunt on the internet ? 
  because you think microsoft , avg and co ' are n't doing the same with american intelligence ? 
  you missed the joke, 
  well , technically in the 60s you were under soviet occupation , so less religion and they did n't really care about homosexuality , am i wrong ? 
  what 's the point of a constitutional monarchy ? 
  if the uk lost their royal family the country would run absolutely the same , they 're only keeping them for cultural and traditional reasons . 
  i know man , that 's just , like , my opinion man, 
  i mean ... that 's not a strategic decision , that 's just what he 's expected to do, 
  i do n't really see where the strategy is to be honest . 
  i think he 's just applying the etiquette . 
  oh nice , so a foreigner wishes my country to delves back into the dark ages , wonderful . 
  i do n't think he 's racist , i think he just despise poor people globally , whatever their country ( cf his declaration on work conditions , the argument he had with a worker threatened of losing his job , etc. . . ), 
  that 's kind of sad actually , really show the political situation in france :(, 
  personal question if you may : are you wealthy ? 
  still better than the guy whose campaign staff got the current president of venezuela elected ;d, 
  heh , it 's only the start of his presidency , i 'm sure he 'll find way to surprise you, 
  i was commenting on / u/prussicus ' remark . 
  i know very well where the pretended french `` jealousy '' for the rich comes from do n't worry . . 
  yes , it 's kind of sad by the way . 
  that and sarkozy who did a lot to sully the presidential function . 
  pretty much , it 's like being right-wing but without being racist or homophobic, 
  i still fail to see how it is relevant . 
  i kind of think the us deserve better than to be represented by trump =d, 
  could have done with just the troops and the defense minister of whatever , imho . 
  actually , i kind of think the us deserve better than to be represented by trump =d, 
  i. . . do n't think you replied to the right user ? 
  more people did n't vote than people who voted for le pen on the second turn , iirc . 
  okay so for starter i have no idea how is that relevant . 
  but if you want to frame it like that , there 's also the same number of people who voted for a socialist candidate , 
  honestly annoyed that we invited trump , he did n't deserve that honour . 
  your flair looks like a serbian flag , and it 's a meme they do n't love kebabs, 
  lmao , if you said that during the election , you 'd get 20 messages of people calling you a melenchon-loving communist, 
  it means `` fuck you '' i guess ? 
  i ca n't understand this mentality of `` my neighbour has too much !, 
  i hope he has an accident and loses everything ! '', 
  do n't feed the troll please . 
  you can be proud of european values without necessarily supporting the european union, 
  flair check out, 
  your link 404ed, 
  would n't be the first time they 'd use a justifiable situation to push for nefast legislation , though . 
  source ? 
  according to france24 and lefigaro , the ones i 'm talking about were assigned at home because they participated in or organized previous protests against ecologically dangerous building projects ( notre dame des landes airport , etc. . . ) . 
  only a single one was assigned because he had been caught in a violent protest before . 
  i 'm saying they would n't stop at extremist , sorry for bad wording, 
  the thing is i do n't believe they 'll restrain themselves to violent extremists . 
  they 're already doing this shit in france where green protesters are put on lists for thought crimes, 
  they do n't care , they just want to choke what 's left of the left and shit out meaningless announce to make them look better, 
  damn , those anarchists in ... sneakers and jacket ... they 're clearly being so full of violence !, 
  those german anarchists , so dapper !, 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , but that 's okay , you do n't look like the type of people who 's going to get into a protest a single time in his life , so it does n't matter . 
  you people are scary . 
  what the fuck, 
  yeah , who does n't contact their local medium before joining a protest too see if it 's going to become violent ? 
  if you ever went or looked at a protest , you would know it 's common . 
  when police officers are ordered to charge , everybody in their path get the tonfa . 
  you do n't see any issues with defenceless people being beaten on the ground by police officers for no reasons ? 
  'cause the guy curling into foetal position and protecting his head does n't seem arrested enough to some people i guess ? 
  resisting arrest / s, 
  appalled by the number of comments saying beating defenceless people on the ground is justified . 
  you fucking animals . 
  yes , it 's totally acceptable for policemen to beat people on the ground !, 
  wtf, 
  it 's because it 's case is in steel , iirc, 
  both i think . 
  i 'll blame the absentionists , you know what they say , the absent ones all always wrong !, 
  france insoumise is n't a political party contrary to the others , so less `` famous '' political people to rally around for this election . 
  that and the fact that their electorate kind of dissolved into abstention after the close loss at the presidential . 
  * `` i think we should kick puppies '' * - / u/liptonreddit, 
  french press is barely visible at the international . 
  you can look by example at / r/worldnews 's header , german , british , us newspaper , but no french ones . 
  it 's just a bad excuse , attacks also happen during the state of emergency . 
  well , if the prefect put all the protesters in house arrest , it 's the same thing as cancelling the protest ;d, 
  in some cases where somebody 's freedom must be very impacted , as i understand it yes . 
  the judiciary judge is there to make sure the administration is not overstepping their functions . 
  i made a mistake indeed , the law would allow basically for the police to bypass the `` judiciary judge '' , the guardian of individual liberties and the like in french law . 
  and only leaving the administrative judge , not `` no judge '' . 
  please point out the `` exageration and fearmongering '' in my `` editorialized '' title . 
  the only mistake i made was that it bypass the need for a `` judiciary judge '' , leaving only the `` administrative judge '' ( and not `` no judge period '' ) , the former being the guardian of individual liberties in french law . 
  the content of the law has been leaked only a couple of days ago , i doubt there is a full translation yet . 
  the gist is globally for the police to be able to do several tasks like house arrest , full search , cancelling protests , closing religious buildings , etc. . . without the need for the approval of a judge .
