  this `` state of emergency '' , supposed to last only a couple of weeks , has been going on for 2 years under hollande and will be renewed a fifth time , a record since it 's creation in 1955 . 
  so far , it 's most infamous use has been the cancellation and placement in house arrest of green protester during the cop21 . 
  ~ ~ worries rise as m. macron could decide to use the power of `` ordnances '' to bypass the parliament from discussing the law , submitting only to a `` yes/no '' vote . 
  a move that could work if he gather a strong enough majority in the upcoming election . ~ ~ mixing it up with the new upcoming labour law , my apologies . 
  cameron was advocating for french employers to move to england when hollande tried to pass his super-rich tax . 
  you cheeky breeky little bastard, 
  1066 best year of my life, 
  i heard `` sex '', 
  and he also have a hand in the principalty of monaco , too, 
  hamon has even announced the creating of a movement like en marche , as well as another group of ps politicians : aubry , taubira , etc. . . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/855/340/23b.jpg ), 
  and we do n't know how many could be simply family of currents career-politicians ... 
  the issue is that business have no problems relocating away in a cheaper country even if they make profit in france . 
  happens all the time actually . 
  but none of them were as vocal as france . 
  it 's not like there is really a choice anyway , as usual when mlp reach second turn, 
  some kind of * final * solution , austria ? 
  he 's whoring for m\u00e9lenchon 's voters . 
  i think the biggest criticism i hear from people is that the eu allow companies to relocate effortlessly in countries which lower wages , which means that in the end , eu countries are fighting each other to a race to the bottom , and not really cooperating in any way, 
  it 's the worst . 
  if she 's elected , everything go to shit . 
  if macron is elected , it 's going to be the same shit than the last 20 years and we 'll get le pen anyway in 5 years for sure this time . 
   if you live in france , you know that the most urgently needed change is a total reform of labor laws towards simplification , with a good dose of liberalization as well source ? 
   unemployed people should n't be able to refuse jobs if they want to continue claiming benefits * - sounds like an obvious rule so if i 'm asked to move to the other side of the country for a 2 months long job with 23h weeks in a field i 'm not competent , i should be grateful ? 
  fuck no . 
   straighten france 's competivity - if only you knew how rich france would be if it was a decently competitive place for companies and employees source that france is not rich already and not welcoming of companies ? 
  your whole post smells like libertarian bullshit, 
  on dirait le d\u00e9but d'un rap . 
  which comments ? 
  the one he said he admired the government for seizing the refineries some years ago ? 
  i do n't mind it personally , at the time it was a bold move that could really pay off . 
  too bad their government was too incompetent to catch the ball . 
  he 's a good friend of putin , who 's even endorsed him in the presidential race . 
  `` pawn '' is probably not the correct term , but i do n't believe he 'd have france 's best interest while dealing with putin . 
   ahah , that poor language element smashed by melenchonists trying to counter the fact that m\u00e9lenchon wants to join the alba , in his own official and current program . 
  i guess facts are now `` language elements '' . 
  also , you make it sounds like joining the alba is bad or something , and not just a barely significant event . 
  i mean , it 's not like most people give a shit about the dom-tom anyway ... 
  i decided to make an update to my post , to give more details about his views . 
  i will vote for him so keep in mind i 'm biased though , 
  to caricature , he 's like a very pissed bernie sanders who 's even more to the left . 
  mostly fought for worker 's right , quite idealist even when it costs him ( ex : he says he admired the venezuelan 's nationalisation of oil production , which money got then redistributed to uplift the population . 
  chavez/maduro then fucked up by incompetence ( not replacing the industries who left following nationalisations ) / corruption and tanked the country and now m\u00e9lenchon is painted as someone who wants to ruin france and is dictator-loving ) he 's also a pacifist and diplomatically neutral , as in he wants france to go back to an `` independant '' position like de gaulle did during the cold war . 
  occidental , but not too close to the usa and not necessarily in conflict with russia/china . 
  basically he wants to work for more diplomatic solutions as he believe trying to do an arm 's race with putin and assad is a bad idea that 's only going to foster aggressive sentiments between people . 
  it painted him as soft on putin/assad though . 
  on the subject of europe he 'll try to renegotiate some treaties with the threat of triggering a referendum for france leaving if he ca n't get anywhere . 
  he 's been quite vague on the whole affair though and it can mostly be resumed to `` it 's a negotiation , i ca n't tell you already how it 'll go , that would defeat the point '' and `` i know we wo n't have to leave because the europe will never let it 's second economy and founding member go , and i 'll have the support of other countries who made demands similar to mine in the past '' it 's mostly about how countries should be cooperating , fiscally and politically , not competing and dragging eachother down . 
  the context about that was mainly the lastest controversial labour law that passed in france , and the handling of the refugee crisis . 
  politicians and government were selling the law with arguments like `` french citizen need to be more competitive , they 're too expensive '' . 
  m\u00e9lenchon arguments ' ( again , half-idealistic , in a way ) is that french people should n't have to be competitive with polish workers with such a divide in life cost between the two countries , and instead europe should strive to have all countries to have a higher standard of living . 
  while he 's advocating for enforced european borders to regulate immigration , he 's been advocating for every country to take a share of refugees so no country take the whole brunt of the thing . 
  he 's been vocal against countries who built walls , barbed wire or things like that . 
  the `` loi macron '' has a wikipedia page listing the changes that passed the final draft , but i do n't know if it has an english version . 
  it 's not all bad though , by example since in france there is a lack of inspectors to pass driving licence exams , the law allowed policemen and military drivers to become part-time inspectors , allowing waiting time to be severely reduced . 
  but still i do n't believe the pro outweighted the cons . 
  the less worst after him would be m\u00e9lenchon because he 's only trying to renegociate some treaties to make europe more economically federal . 
  but he 's a wildcard , he can do as much harm as good . 
  fillon and le pen are russian pawns , i dread for all if they manage to get elected . 
  a person who spent his time in government drafting laws that eroded workers rights , and who 's saying that unemployed people should n't be able to refuse jobs , even if it forces them to change their life . 
  seriously , i do n't want a guy who thought reducing the number of mandatory paid sick days if you lose a family member was a stellar idea to put in a law to `` straighten france 's competivity '' . 
  or reduced the maximum money you can get from your ex-employer if he fired you illegally . 
  his demands are n't coming out of nowhere . 
  they 've been requested by italians , spanish and portuguese representatives in the past but have been waved away . 
  you realise that greece is like 3 % gdp of the eu , and france almost 20 % ? 
  they ca n't bully m\u00e9lenchon like they did with tsipras, 
  yeah , fuck money in politic , let 's get a banker straight at the president seat , let 's cut the middle man . 
  he also has in his staff people who helped maduro getting elected in venezuela , maybe he 'll go the same route and we 'll get to cut even more things !, 
  because abstention is high , so it 's basically the fanbases that are ` fighting ' eachothers, 
  it means that some agree with m\u00e9lenchon , and some does n't . 
  saying that some economists are wrong because they support a certain candidate 's policies is stupid, 
  he 'll support m\u00e9lenchon if he gets to the second turn, 
  he 'll support m\u00e9lenchon if he gets to the second turn, 
  okay , so then we cut off ambassy support then , if they do n't want to pay taxes . 
  did you even read / u/ontrack 's post or you just saw `` french '' and `` law '' and decided to shit on them ? 
  i 'm very proud of my fathers and grandfathers for fighting for the rights i have as a worker . 
  even if we 'll probably lose them in the coming years . 
  m\u00e9lenchon voters do n't vote le pen . 
  they 'd vote macron or not vote . 
  i 'm sure the africans are disgusted of them, 
  yeah , my bad , read that too quickly . 
  anyway , most of the criticism is that le pen is basically trying to rile up french people against everybody else by stirring the old shit-pot about a topic where french people made amend with themselves like the german people did with their mistakes . 
  everybody in france know that p\u00e9tain did n't decide to round up the jew and it magically happened . 
  french people sent them to die . 
  french people also resisted and helped the war effort . 
  it 's an old wound that healed , and le pen is trying to pry it open to get more hate going . 
  he 's putin ' favourite, 
  a single mistake : hamon is not `` sane leftist '' , but `` fake leftist '' . 
  he 's the defender of the people ; married to luis vitton 's marketing director and owner of a 16-rooms flat :'), 
  because she could n't resist dropping some revisionism . 
  she said that vichy france never rounded up jews for the germans in paris during occupation . 
  not true , the government governs , the president negotiates with others countries and champions the politic of his government . 
  so good debating skills is very important . 
  that 's how it is in france though , not applicable to every country obviously . 
  he clarified that companies still need to provide the keys but that there is a need to `` take into account people 's need of privacy '' so no , he just wrapped the idea in lube to make it fit better, 
  ah yes , i 'm sure putin 's endorsed candidate is a massive friend of the eu, 
   populist ( he wants to make the highways free without paying the owners ) the owners have been paid years ago . 
  that 's why the highways have fees . 
  but they did n't lower the prices as they agreed now it 's paid , so they 're generating massive profit at the expanse of the people , when the maintenance price should only be a fraction of what we currently pay .
