  you are n't going to be receiving anything unless you 've proven your eligibility . 
  the freeze was because of the suspicious spike in those students from the two countries , so they froze their loans to ask for additional information to confirm eligibility . 
  stopping everyone 's loans would n't make sense when other nationalities are n't involved , and would only make the system unnecessarily bureaucratic . 
  all of this already happens during the application process . 
  the freeze here was done afterwards because they noticed the suspicious increase in the amount of people applying for the loans , which was specifically in romanian and bulgarian applicants . 
  the investigation was triggered because there was a sudden spike in romanian and bulgarian students who were requesting the loans , which is why they froze the loans in order to investigate . 
  so far , a large majority have failed to prove that they are eligible . 
  if the same spike had happened from another country then they would 've done the same thing . 
  it has nothing to do with picking on them for their nationalities . 
  they already did do this , because the people involved were from romania and bulgaria . 
   as many as three quarters of the students involved have so far failed to prove they are entitled to their loans , sources said . 
  if this is true then the investigation makes sense , since most of the people put under investigation * were * abusing the system . 
  funnily enough they used his face to make [ this ad ] ( http://i.imgur.com/scyuwie.jpg ) for the last election . 
  well , we 've had around a 60 % turnout rate in the last few elections , so it 's not all that surprising that four in ten are n't willing to vote for anyone , since they already do that . 
   given rent prices , houses being at their highest point in over a decade despite 5 years of stagnation , energy prices rising by 10 percent , a pretty stagnant economy , the fact we 're gearing up for a lost generation , being told to work harder for less in the last 5 years , being told to work longer ( pension age going up ) you might have to forgive the british public , who are fraying at the edges , their normally hospitable attitudes . 
  this has been the case since the 90s . 
  the fact that they 're coming to a head now does n't mean that it is down to immigration . 
  britain does n't really have a constitution so we ca n't have referendums to alter it , as anything and everything that is passed in parliament is technically `` constitutional '' . 
  that said , there are some from time to time provided that the party in power wants to do it . 
  the last one was in 2011 where the country was asked whether we wanted to change the voting system from first past the post to the alternative vote , and that was defeated . 
  yeah , technically something like 40 % of the netherlands is already `` under water '' but people are n't seeing this because of all the flood control . 
  indeed . 
  a lot of young people are looking at the coalitions policies and deciding that they are n't going to bother to vote , which is the exact opposite of what should be done if they want to gain any influence . 
  just turning up can make the establishment take notice . 
   france oh shit . 
  2020 you say . .  do you think that the continent is going to change a lot by the end of the decade ? 
  probably , but most of that change will be in terms of technology , and that is n't going to be unique to europe . 
   will the european union still exist ? 
  yes , this is pretty much a guarantee . 
   what about the economy , is there any reason to think that the depression in the south will get to an end ? 
  yes , if only because all economies recover at one time or another . 
  if current trends are anything to go by then 2020 should be a good year for growth . 
   is there a real chance of the uk leaving the eu soon ? 
  not at all . 
  the only political party that wants to genuinely leave the eu are ukip , and they 'll never get in to power so it is a moot question . 
  there 's a lot of talk about reforming the uk-eu relationship , though . 
   will scotland , catalonia , or any other territory be independent by then ? 
  probably not . 
  my guess is that by 2020 both of them will just be more devolved rather than be separate countries entirely . 
   a front national government in france , would that make the union break up ? 
  they 're not going to win , so . .  what would happen with a possible syriza government in greece ? 
  my knowledge on greek politics is quite limited , but from what i know they 'd take a leftward shift in a policy , although i do n't think it 'd as radical as people make it out to be since they 'd probably need to rely on pasok or someone else to form a coalition . 
   what would be russia 's role in this new europe , could it regain some of the influence it lost after the cold war ? 
  a lot of europe relies on russian oil , so chances are that they 'll still be a relevant partner , but them gaining influence would depend entirely on whether former soviet countries want to cooperate more with them than with the eu , and i think that those countries are siding more with the eu . 
   will the identity/immigration/islam debate get uglier ? 
  i see it getting better . 
  the last few years have been a prime time for this debate to get ugly because the economy has n't been doing too well , and any time that this happens there is always an increased focus on minority groups in a negative way . 
  yes , that 's why the article mentions that they 're first per capita . 
  however , my point was that they are still low in overall numbers , which is why / u/fitz-chivalry probably has n't heard of any . 
  it 's also because 1/10 only amounts to about 30,000 people . 
  no , but noticing a pattern and automatically attributing it to their race is . 
  yeah , when the boston bombing happened it was common to see tweets [ like this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ez9ehd9.png ) . 
  yes , and the reason for said jewish upbringing would be because they were born and brought up in israel . 
  i agree . 
  if the child wants to get circumcised then they can make that decision when they are older , not be forced in to it when they are mere infants . 
  [ here is a google translated version ] ( http://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?depth=1&amp;hl=en&amp;rurl=translate.google.com&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://tvxs.gr/news/ellada/tha-synergastei-i-kybernisi-me-tin-xrysi-aygi&amp;usg=alkjrhgs9tum9dzn3k6v4tknwsv2obzqzg ) , although it is far from perfect . 
  it does n't sound like people want a literal dictator so much as just wanting a leader who makes decisions and makes them quickly and without hesitation . 
  if you asked people whether they wanted an actual dictatorship then i doubt the majority would say yes . 
  there 's a list [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_computer_system_manufacturers#current ) of current manufacturers for anyone who cares . 
  interestingly , the majority of companies are either from taiwan or the us , and within europe almost all of them are either german or british . 
  i do n't know why this is , but the whole industry is basically run by a handful of countries . 
  an article from the independent noted that [ most french people do not want their military in syria ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/syria-crisis-france-is-no-longer-shouldertoshoulder-with-us-8790541.html ) ;  according to an ifop poll , 59 per cent of french voters oppose french involvement in an air-strike in syria . 
  the poll found that un action would be supported by 55 per cent of french people -- so long as the french military does not take part . 
  various governments learned from iraq that going in full guns blazing is a bad idea , so this will probably be more akin to libya where we were in and out within a few months and only went as far a no-fly zone . 
  that said , i do n't think anyone buys the `` humanitarian '' reasoning . 
  my view towards it is very negative , but spain has much bigger problems right now than this . 
  this reminds me of the [ anglo-swedish war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-swedish_war_%281810%e2%80%931812%29 ) . 
  brutal stuff . 
  `` police state '' is pushing it , but it definitely says a lot if the establishment is trying to actively intimidate journalists in case they leak more embarrassing information . 
  if we 're going by that metric then would you say that they were never relevant on the national stage ? 
  they got about two percent of the votes last time and are at that same level now . 
  unless there 's a sudden boost they 'd be pretty static on an election by election basis . 
  they were polling at around 10 % a year ago , so it 's a pretty significant fall . 
   a resident of the suburb was standing just a few meters from where the body fell at around 5 a.m. on thursday , said niger interior minister abdou labo . 
  christ , imagine how terrifying that would be . 
  ultimately it 's up to the scottish people , but i 'd say that both scotland and the rest of the uk would be stronger as a union rather than as separate countries . 
  that said , this whole debate desperately needs some facts because no one seems to be discussing it based on what will actually happen if scotland becomes independent . 
  the question mark was unnecessary . 
   what issue exactly ? 
  distaste for islam ? 
  in the absence of violence , why is that even a problem ? 
  because prejudice has consequences . 
  those people do n't suddenly stop holding those viewpoints once they turn off their pc . 
   nor are they talking about black people . 
  so i 'm guessing you missed their reaction to the woolwich incident . 
   their talking about people who hold certain beliefs . 
  people are allowed to dislike and even hate certain beliefs . 
  simply not true . 
  those comments are non-existent . 
  there 's currently a story on the front page of / r/worldnews and all the comments are complaining about immigration . 
  not only are they not discussing beliefs , but they think that this is down to immigrants , even though those who were born and brought up there are more likely to hold extreme views . 
  of course it is n't , but by ignoring the racial connotations often associated with muslims you 're only allowing the issue to continue . 
  when / r/worldnews talks about `` muslims '' they are n't exactly referring to white converts . 
  the reason you saw all that muslim hatred was because you were on / r/worldnews . 
  that subreddit has a lot of bigots and is bombarded by racists on a daily basis . 
  do n't take their viewpoint as a commonly held belief , because it certainly is n't . 
  their headline will probably be something like this ;  fascist eu forces britain to keep football on free channels to help benefit scroungers, 
  i 'd say most of the hatred is from ourselves . 
  i blame liverpool . 
  since everyone spies on everyone , this is n't all that surprising .
