  bloody immigrants , coming over here , stealing our kills . 
  how is europe homogenous ? 
  it 's fine if they have a genuine connection to that country , like with language or other cultural ties , but nine times of out of ten it 's just some idiot whose family has been in america for 100 years , which ends up being irritating more than anything . 
  is there any particular reason for this ? 
  i never would 've guessed that we 'd be that well liked . 
  sssh . . 
  clearly this is because all the foreigners came over and increased our unemployment rate , and now that they 've stolen all our jobs the rate is going down !, 
  the irony is hilarious , but to be fair he 's just anti-eu rather than anti immigration . 
  his argument is that immigration should be reduced to only skilled workers of about 30-50 ,000 people a year , whereas currently it 's about 200,000 . 
  i see this all the time . 
  for some reason a lot of american redditors assume that the diversity level must be identical . 
  it 's probably because the amount of land is similar , so a lot of them must think that we 'd be equal in that regard , but it 's still pretty ignorant . 
  i had no idea that the jedi were anti-democracy . 
  this is pretty embarrassing . 
  his [ whole point ] ( http://www.ukip.org/nigel_farage_steps_up_his_criticism_of_reckless_eu_foreign_policy ) was n't quite so sophisticated . 
  all he 's saying is that we should give up the notion of ukraine ever joining the eu and implying that we should n't deal with them full stop because it would `` poke the bear '' , as if they 're still part of the ussr . 
  there 's more support for joining the eu than there was for the customs union , and given the history of the region it is n't very surprising that the eu would want ukraine to be more closely associated with them than with the russians . 
  also , this still does n't give them a legitimate excuse to annex crimea . 
  ukraine is its own country and should be respected as such . 
  how ? 
  the eu has done the opposite by enticing ukraine with a possible membership and giving them reason to improve their situation , as well as getting closer with them through different trade deals . 
  this has helped stabilise them , which is the exact opposite of what farage is claiming . 
  not really , no . 
  farage said that the eu has blood on its hands and that it was somehow destabilising various countries , which no rational person can realistically claim is true . 
  farage is really blinded by his hatred of the eu if he 's really blaming them for the mess in ukraine . 
  they 're not targeting the common people though . 
  they 're targeting the oligarchs so that they influence putin . 
  good luck trying to invade a nato country . 
  that still would n't make much of a difference . 
  if spending is to be increased based on making other countries feel better then it is a pointless waste of money . 
  realistically latvia only has to fear a russian invasion , and if that ever happens the bigger countries will do most of the work regardless . 
  for example , estonia meets the requirements and spends 2.3 % of their gdp on their military , but that is ultimately irrelevant if russia ever decides to invade . 
  as for being outliers , although the uk and france meet the minimum recommendation ( which is not the norm ) that still does n't make it far removed in comparison to other countries . 
  the 2.5 % of gdp spend in britain is n't that far away from the 1.9 % in poland or even the 1.4 % in germany , but the us is certainly very far away at 4.4 % . 
  iceland is a notable exception at 0.1 % , but even that makes sense given their location and surrounding countries . 
  not surprising . 
  banking is like 20 % of the british economy so they 'll only let it get hurt if it * has * to . 
   the picture of the document was taken by the freelance photographer steve back , who specialises in spotting secret documents carried openly by officials entering downing street . 
  also this job is hilarious . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of the developed world . 
  when people refer to military spending being `` low '' in nato countries there is an implicit comparison between them and the united states . 
  what often gets left out here is a comparison to other countries , who tend to be around the same level . 
  despite not being in nato the likes of finland , australia , new zealand etc also have their military spending be at the same level ( as a proportion of gdp ) as most nato countries , because that 's the norm . 
  the outlier here is actually the us . 
  although i support some sort of enforcement of the minimum guidelines , we also should n't fool ourselves in to thinking that this would change the situation much in actual conflicts . 
  it 's not like latvia will suddenly be able to fend off someone like russia under invasion , and the bulk of the work will still be done by the same nations , germany notwithstanding . 
  we do n't spend too little . 
  the americans spend too much . 
  as a percentage of gdp most of the countries which are higher than them are dictatorial shitholes . 
  that said , there should be enforcement of minimum nato spending , otherwise there 's no point in it existing if people are n't willing to follow the rules . 
  not a chance . 
  the tap is expected in 2018 . 
  not the same situation . 
  the falklands are a british territory that were attacked by another nation and needed to be defended , whereas crimea is already part of ukraine and russia has no business being there . 
  treating all medals as the same ? 
  that sounds like filthy socialism !, 
  hey , what do you have against [ superb owls ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zgryv9o.jpg ) ? 
  how the hell did eritrea get ranked even lower than north korea ? 
  wow , spain almost has as many as all the other combined . 
  i do n't see it ending . 
  we could have a referendum tomorrow and 80 % of the country could vote yes to staying in and the same newspapers and politicians will still talk about how much they want to leave . 
   2013 -- 675bn   2014 -- 719bn no wonder the economy is growing again - that 's a 6 % increase . 
  the one for iceland is hilarious . 
  has n't this been happening for a while ? 
  every time race is brought up there 's always a sudden surge in the amount of neo-nazis on here . 
  so , anyone know why there is a huge fire ? 
  bloody muslim bankers . 
  do n't you just hate them ? 
  well , yeah , but bankers hold quite a bit of power so it is harder to do anything to them . 
  you have it in reverse . 
  the government 's policy was supposed to be to enact austerity to reduce the deficit , but since spending is up in real terms this year that austerity is n't taking place any more , and that is what 's truly responsible for the recovery . 
  actually , austerity refers to cutting government expenditure , not just reducing the deficit . 
  though both of these are usually linked in terms of actual policy . 
  on the other hand a government could just focus on raising revenue to reduce the deficit , which would not be austerity . 
  spending is up 6 % this fiscal year so i 'm not sure if austerity has anything to do with it . 
  if anything , it 's the exact opposite situation since all that people ever talk about is how the country is going down the shitter . 
  i was pleased too , but then i noticed that people were just asked for their top two most important issues . 
  immigration and terrorism could still be in the top three or top five . 
  well it looks like we should reclaim it in the name of frangleterre !, 
  serbia is the same too . 
  the panic in the comments is weird since the birth rates have been declining in most of the world for decades . 
  this is n't a europe thing . 
  that 's because / r/europe is brogressive , not progressive . 
  i think he means that younger people would have an easier time affording property * after * the bubble pops , as that would bring down prices ; though i do n't see this happening personally since the ripple effects of that would also hurt wages , jobs and peoples ability to save for a deposit . 
  clearly they 'll all go through some sort of mitosis and each and every eu country will have 29 million romanians and bulgarians in them . 
  i doubt it . 
  i 've been following the polling for quite some time and there has never been any indication that a majority will vote yes . 
  there are certainly a lot of scots who want independance but they do n't make up the majority of the country so it 's unlikely that they 'll vote yes . 
  it has less to do with the actual affect and more to do with populism . 
  the anti-immigrant rhetoric is generally popular amongst the public so taking a hardline stance against it is bound to help their perception amongst the general public . 
  as i 've already mentioned , no one is getting rejected for the loans because they 're romanian or bulgarian , which is why this is n't discrimination . 
  and no , they are n't going to involve everyone just to make you feel better . 
  the spike in applications was just for romanian and bulgarian students , so they will be the ones who will get looked at . 
  that 's not what discrimination means . 
  they are n't going to be denied the loans solely because they 're romanian or bulgarian . 
   you either ask everyone for additional information or no one . 
  you either freeze the loan of all eu foreigners or no one . 
  why ? 
  if the spike was only for those two countries then it makes no sense to involve everyone . 
  again , all of this already happens .
