  they 're brilliant . 
  [ this is still an issue ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/about/general/2012/2/27/1330354366561/london-smog-007.jpg ) , unfortunately . 
   the commission has said such activities deprive member states of almost $ 1 trillion every year . 
  how much of this do the proposals actually aim to recoup ? 
  the lack of disparity in many countries is pleasantly surprising . 
  good . 
  i doubt much will come of it , though . 
  why 1948 ? 
  they did n't invade and occupy palestinian land until 1967 . 
  the breakdown of the background of muslim immigrants in to western europe , and how said background would affect their views . 
  i remember reading that there was also a city/rural divide amongst muslim immigrants . 
  most in the uk were from rural areas whereas the ones in france and germany tended to come more from cities , so there 'd be natural split in views . 
  i meant doing it separately . 
  there 's no europe-wide policy of austerity , but just about every country is doing it on their own accord ( or , in some cases , doing it because merkel told them to ) . 
  you only really have to look at the last four years to see which policies have been passed , although growth is pretty much guaranteed in both areas in the upcoming years , to varying degrees . 
  15-24 * and * counts people in education ? 
  something does n't sit right here . . 
  europe essentially took the austrian route ( cut deficits now , worry about growth later ) whereas the us took the keynesian route ( boost growth now , worry about deficits later ) . 
  imo the americans were right on this one . 
  i can understand the smaller nations voting no considering how heavily they depend on the us . . but what the fuck canada/czech republic ? 
  but it 's brown people saying `` god is great ! '' . 
  that 's really scary . 
  wow , well done to the employees . 
  if i saw someone walk in with a gun my instinct would be to run . 
  you just say `` no homo '' and it 's not gay any more . 
  that would be really risky since you might miss and accidentally kill civilians instead . 
  where the fuck are our 12 points ? 
  it 's weird how their weather is so different to ours even though we 're so close . 
  blink twice if putin is behind you . 
  sorry about that . 
  i lost mine . 
  that 's why they said `` right '' - they only have one . 
  but it 's only 10 on a saturday . 
  way to depress everyone , hungary . 
  all of them are subbed for the uk if you turn the subtitles on . 
  sweden and serbia were good too . 
  there are a lot of depressing songs this year . 
  i 'm not high enough to understand what 's going on . 
  someone forgot to tell serbia that you 're meant to send a shitty performance , not someone who can actually sing . 
  you can also use that for next year , and the year after that , and the year after that . . 
  this song is about a century out of date . 
  what the fuck did you sa - err i mean i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  hopefully the momentum for electoral reform carries on until the next election . 
  with the conservatives running the government and benefiting from this system there 's no way we 'll see it change any time soon . 
  nice , we 're first again . 
  av still has strategic voting . 
  someone can use it to put a smaller party as their first preference but in most constituencies it wont matter and the bigger parties are still going to get a disproportionate representation in the government . 
  also [ most british people support pr ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/generalelection/general-election-2015-sixty-per-cent-of-people-want-voting-reform-says-survey-10224354.html ) too . 
  fair enough but i do n't think anyone wants us to move towards a closed party list system either . 
  the one i hear most people support is stv which still has constituencies but is also proportional at the same time . 
  oh , maybe my comment was n't clear . 
  the main difference is that those parties did n't win most of the seats . 
  in austria 's election the social democrats won 27 % of the vote and won around the same percentage of seats , in bulgaria 's election gerb won a third of the vote and around the same percentage of seats , in sweden the social democrats won around a third of the vote and won the same percentage of seats . 
  meanwhile in britain the conservative party won slightly over one third of the vote but won a majority of the seats . 
  we also had a same situation in 2005 when the labour party won slightly over one third of the vote yet they won most of the seats . 
  the system we use is very disproportionate and does n't reflect what people actually voted for . 
  coalitions do n't mean that a government ca n't get anything done . 
  we just had one for 5 years and they did a lot . 
  how many political parties are there in the eu who won around that level of votes and managed to win a majority of the seats ? 
  because most of that advantage is gone now that the snp nearly won all the seats in scotland . 
  we have n't had a vote to switch to pr yet . 
  there was one in 2011 for the alternative vote but it was only a little better than what we use now . 
  hopefully this convinces labour to support proportional representation now . 
  regardless of your politics i think everyone can agree that a party should n't be winning most of the seats with only 36 % of the votes . 
  labour were going to get slaughtered in scotland anyway so really they could 've put anyone up and the snp would 've still won most of the seats . 
  it probably wo n't happen but hopefully we get some sort of proportional representation system after this election . 
  unfortunately the two main parties that benefit from fptp are also going to win something like 85 % of all the seats , so i ca n't see them changing the system any time soon . 
  someone linked [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/yougov/status/596427188645326848 ) above . 
  apparently yougov did n't do an exit poll because they saw no change from their other polling . 
   you already have no-go zones for whites in london . 
  nope . 
  judging by the comments it 's been spread all over bigoted blogs . 
  also the staff in the school need to armed with crossbows too so that they can defend themselves . 
  finally the danes are tackling the real issues . 
  it is , since most of the world is even more religious than that . 
  the average country would have something like 85 % of people saying religion is important to them , so the us would be one of the most irreligious . 
  in this particular study they put them in the middle but that 's mainly because they did n't bother to look at most of africa and almost all of the middle east . 
  if you look at [ the numbers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/importance_of_religion_by_country#countries ) once you take all the other countries in to account then they 're less religious than most other countries . 
  ~ 20 % of british people saying that religion plays an important part in their lives seems a little high . 
  edit : come to think of it , this must be old people . 
  the us is only religious by western standards . 
  in global terms it would be one of the most irreligious countries out there . 
  til, 
  probably not , but the article was focusing on the regional elections that are going to happen this month , which is where they 're set to make a lot of gains . 
  we * should * vote yes , but at least we are n't voting no . 
  i do n't think i 've seen the sun for two weeks either . 
  although that 's pretty normal here . . 
  it worries me that this was n't illegal already . 
  you 're avin ' a laugh . 
  ( har har . . ) not only does it provide mps on a more accurate basis when compared with total number of votes , but what 's so difficult about numbering candidates in order ? 
  how on earth are we all the way up at number six ? 
  this is especially true regarding the eu - the main parties constantly battle to show themselves to be the ones who are more eurosceptic . 
  we can either deal with it by maximising efficiency and making up for the fact that people are getting older and that fewer people will need to support more people , or we can encourage everyone to have more kids . 
  this has to be a fucking joke . . 
  is n't a sample size of 4-11 really small ? 
  damn , i knew london was expensive , but i did n't realise we were the most expensive place to watch movies by such a margin . 
  i should fly to sofia to watch a bunch of movies and then fly back . . 
  hey , look , it 's the vocal minority . 
  this is because we have a right-wing that constantly attacks it and a left-wing that does n't bother to make a case for it . 
  to be honest , i 'm surprised that it 's only 56 % .
