  mother jones is an extremely biased publication with a clear agenda on the issue , i 'm not going to take any assertion they make at face value without significant details . 
  then feel free to read up on each and every case to confirm if they are 100 % accurate . 
  the ones that i looked up checked out on whether they got their weapons illegally or legally . 
   guerrilla warfare is n't traditional warfare . 
  bullets would be expended sparingly , probably in quick ambush attacks . 
   every government eventually turns to tyranny . 
  did you pay attention to the 20th century ? 
  americans want options besides a docile stroll into the cattle car . 
  and the american government has been making serious strides down the path of tyranny in the last decades . 
  it 's started two belligerent wars in the last decade . 
  it has a policy of kidnapping and torturing foreign nationals , some of which will be locked up without trial forever . 
  it is now recording every call , sms , and e-mail we send and has decided it does n't need even the formality of a warrant to do so . 
  most importantly , it has recently decided that the head of the executive branch has the ability to kill a citizen and his minor son without trial or oversight . 
  if you do n't think the extrajudicial execution of minors because of the crimes of their fathers are a significant step on the road to tyranny , i think you may beyond the power of my arguments . 
  if that 's your definition of a tyrant , then the us has always had a tyrannical government . 
  wars ? 
  torture ? 
  kidnapping ? 
  been done since the us ' creation . 
  it does n't make those things right , of course , but it 's not like the government is going to attack their own populace or resort to fascism . 
   no , you were referring to killing innocent bystanders . 
  yep , and that would provide a contribution to the disproportionate homicide rate . 
   i 'm sorry , what event has prompted this conversation ? 
  your use of anders breivik as evidence that gun control does n't work . 
  we do n't use examples to make arguments because they 're often misleading and do n't give us anything to really work with . 
   i never said it in the first place . 
  try again . 
  you did ;  he 's not the only spree killer in europe , australia , or any other area with strict gun control . 
  it 's not just one example of the failure of gun control , it 's a series of failures across many nations and ethnic groups . 
  apparently , these examples are supposed to be failures of gun control . 
  if you take the actual data in to account then what you wrote is simply false . 
   no , homicides would just be done with a different tool . 
  they wo n't , because those homicides would n't happen . 
  if an argument escalates something like a knife would be significantly harder to kill someone with . 
  yeah , that sound like a good idea . 
  after all , what 's the worst that could happen ? 
  have n't settlements been condemned for decades ? 
  it does n't look like israel will start caring any time soon . 
   which probably would n't be that productive since his number of victims was much smaller . 
  norway has a population that is about 1 % of the population of the us . 
  the us could experience one brevik-level shooting each year and be even with norway if it had one brevik per century . 
  norway too could have a breivik each year every year and yet their total gun homicide rate would still be significantly lower . 
   that assumes he would n't have been able to source them from any of the other 180 countries where guns exist and that he could n't have made them himself . 
  and that assumes that he would have . 
   that does n't really detain how it qualifies the legality of ownership . 
  the law ? 
  i looked over some of the examples and the information provided checks out with external sources . 
   which wo n't be for a long while . 
  bullets rarely go bad , and can be made and reloaded by home users . 
  guns have been around for hundreds of years , and making bullets is not terribly difficult . 
  i meant actually shooting them . 
  in any military situation the majority of bullets are used for suppression , not actually to wound and/or kill . 
   that 's the usual method of fighting revolutions . 
  this argument really interests me . 
  why do people think that the prospect of a tyrannical government is realistic ? 
   often ? 
  if the 250,000,000 guns in the us did that often we 'd all be dead . 
  i was referencing the disproportionately higher homicide rate , not the proportion of guns . 
  about 60 % of american guns are owned by 25 % of the us population , so all being used would be quite impossible given that most are just owned by collectors . 
   no , he 's just the most impressive point in a set of data . 
  other massacres have happened in gun-restrictive nations . 
  they have , and they 've also happened in places with little to no regulation . . which is why we do n't use specific examples to make a substantive case . 
   in other words , i said that nowhere and you 're attacking a strawman . 
  so what you wrote was false after all . 
   yes , then we 'd have the same number of homicides and massacres , but they 'd be committed with illegally-owned guns . 
  progress !, 
  no , then there 'd be less homicides because most of them are done on-the-fly . 
  even massacres are n't planned all the time . 
   overall , 48 percent of eu citizens ranked unemployment as the main concern , followed by 37 percent citing the `` economic situation '' and 24 percent mentioning inflation . 
  only reason germany cares more about the debt is because these three things are n't a problem for them but they are for pretty much everyone else , so they 'll naturally go for the debt . 
  the media did n't really talk about napolitano either , and just focused on berlusconi . 
   not really . 
  it does might shave a few percentage points off of violent gun crime rates but the gun crime is still there , and the massacres are nearly as frequent . 
  careful what you look at . 
  when places have stringent gun regulation `` gun crime '' mostly refers to things like illegally owning guns , not actually killing people . 
   claiming that my very relevant example has been `` vomited '' does n't undo its existence , either . 
  and brevik is one of many spree killers in restricted countries . 
  following that logic , i could keep on repeating `` adam lanza !, 
  adam lanza ! '', 
   would have done less damage without what ? 
  the magical extra-deadly bullets that can only be forged in the us ? 
  he would 've been less deadly without the bullets from the us . 
  not sure why i need to point this out , by less bullets would 've give him less of an opportunity to shoot people , no ? 
   i 'd like to see the sources for the data behind that graph . 
  case by case breakdown [ here ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2012/07/mass-shootings-map ) . 
   funding is n't needed if citizens have pre-existing arsenals . 
  it is when the bullets run out . 
   significantly more equipment that would be impossible to run without continuous funding from the public it will be attacking . 
  i though we were discussing a revolution . 
  have you now altered the scenario to a government that kills its own people ? 
   those operating guns wo n't necessarily miss or kill innocent bystanders . 
  the same is n't true of nuclear weapons or weaponized smallpox . 
  necessarily ? 
  but do they end up doing it often ? 
  yes . 
   what do guns lead to ? 
  250,000,000 million exist in private hands in the us , and the overwhelming majority of them exist without ever spontaneously leaving the gun case and massacring people . 
  as do rocket launchers and nukes . 
  when was the last time once ran away and launched itself ? 
  therefore , nukes for everyone !,
