  . . but the recession contracted the economy more than we had thought , so we 're worse off overall . 
  this is hardly a bad thing considering that the alternatives would only take up more space . 
   arrr you a pirate ? 
  nice try , riaa . 
  no one says that , though . 
  pretty much everyone is aware that the us has cultural variation amongst states . 
  the point it that it is smaller than when compared with cultural variation amongst countries within europe , so discussing them as if they 're similar does n't make any sense . 
  while it can get annoying at times , it is n't that bothersome since i do n't think they mean anything by it . 
  for instance , talking about `` european healthcare '' normally means socialised medicine , which is accurate enough for the purpose of their sentence . 
  what * does * bother me is when people from the us think that the cultural differences between texas and new york are similar to the cultural differences between ireland and bosnia , when they 're clearly worlds apart . 
  wow , the drop in religiosity is absolutely phenomenal . 
  irish people went from being mostly religious to mostly secular in 6 years . 
  how ironic . 
   oh , yes they are . 
  the simpsons and south park are a huge staple of american comedy , you fuckwit . 
  * whoosh *  lol , dave chepelle and chris rock are n't known for their irony or sarcasm ? 
  the fact that you think they do seems indicate that you do n't really get what these things mean . 
   also , just out of curiosity ; what famous british comedians are there that represent that fine staple of `` british irony and sarcasm '' ? 
  because i honestly ca n't think of any . 
  frankie boyle , lee mack , david mitchell , charlie brooker , jimmy carr , jack dee etcetera etcetera . 
  as i 've mentioned before , the existence of this does n't mean that it is a staple of american comedy . 
  at the time of writing the biggest american comedians include chris rock , chapelle , dane cook etc , who are hardly known for their sarcasm or irony . 
  then who ? 
  the biggest british comedians do n't dress in drag , whereas the biggest american comedians do n't rely on irony and sarcasm . 
  eddie izzard is n't the sum of all british comedy . 
  if you mean that in the sense of british humour having a basis in irony and sarcasm , then that 's correct . 
  although americans have a lot of comedians and tv shows which employ both , they are in no way a central tenant to american comedy , but they are for british comedy . 
  for some reason the link is taking me to [ this page ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/ ) , but the actual article is [ here ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/young-women-from-britain-in-1930s-nazi-germany-a-905617.html ) . 
  it 's a pretty interesting read . 
   `` hitler was marvellous , the problem was , he went a little bit too far , '' one of the women told me . 
  . . although this is probably the understatement of the century . 
  because animals ca n't give consent . 
  that 's also the thinking behind laws which prohibit you from sleeping with children . 
  why was this not illegal already ? 
  ha , the alps are basically drawn out . 
  none of those agencies follow the double standard of referring to foreigners as if it 's acceptable to spy on their citizens but not on your own . 
  there certainly are n't official government statements trying to appease people by stating this , too . 
  i love how they say statements like this as if people outside of america somehow are n't worthy of the same rights . 
  it 's the same as when killing foreign civilians with drones is fine when they have n't been put on trial , but somehow this suddenly becomes unacceptable if they 're american citizens . 
  while it 's true that the majority supports the legalisation of cannabis , branson wants to decriminalise a lot more , and that might be a way to lose votes . 
  this is a popular policy with the youth , but the people who vote tend to be significantly older than the population at large , and they generally hold more conservative views on drug decriminalisation . 
  edit : grammar . 
  it 's a pretty funny job , too . 
  you 're elected on the platform that you wo n't turn up to work for the sole reason that you want to destroy the place where you work at . 
  `` no comment '' does n't sound very good . 
  the commission may have already been aware of this , and worse , might have been complicit in it and allowed this to happen without doing anything . 
  it took them this long to realise their mistake ? 
  some of those findings are a little worrying . 
  there 's a lot of countries where people aged 18-29 are less accepting of homosexuality than than those aged 30-49 . 
  racism sucks on all sides . 
  hopefully justice will prevail . 
  [ all i could find was this . 
  ] ( http://img.ibtimes.com/www/data/images/full/2013/06/01/375370-badger-protesters.jpg ), 
  it 's not as bad as it sounds . 
  although the prediction was off by around 1.5 million , that 's only about 2 % in statistical terms , which is still very accurate . 
  i thought the same . 
  the idiots who will use this as a reason to go around attacking people probably would 've done it regardless ; using this event was always going to be an excuse . 
  what the hell , it 's only 14c here . 
   someone who believes races exist and possess unique features that separate the races from each other . 
  these two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  races * do * exist , but differences amongst humans based solely on their race does not . 
  think of it like hair colour ; there are clear differences between blondes and brunettes , but this alone does n't mean that they are either superior or inferior based solely on that trait . 
  in overall terms , all humans are biologically identical . 
  i do n't understand why everyone is being so negative about this . 
  if turkey wants to join the eu then they would need to address very many things , which will improve their country and eventually make for a stronger political union . 
  it 's a poorly worded headline . 
  the flight was supposed to land in manchester airport but was diverted to london stansted . 
  i wish the media stopped giving him all the attention that he craves so desperately . 
  he 's an attention seeker and constant coverage of him only helps him spread hatred . 
  philip is like a walking tv show , and i love it . 
  it 's really quite amazing what people do when they 're greedy . 
  that amount of money just sitting there is unfathomably huge . 
  alas , i doubt anything serious will be done about it . 
  but if we pay attention to reality , how are we supposed to demonise them ? 
  it 's depressing how this article is so relevant to / r/europe . 
   we do n't get why cheesiness is funny . 
  modern american humor , from tv shows to standup comedians to online memes , largely consists of two main ingredients : irony and sarcasm . 
  what a ridiculous statement . 
  wow , the light in north-east egypt is incredibly bright . 
  it might be the brightest on the entire planet . 
  not in a literal reference to their country , which is the point . 
  it 's satire . 
  no one says / r/rance or / r/canadia either , but all of that is besides the point . . 
  yeah , the real reason britain does n't do well is because we continually send shitty acts . 
  sorry , had a brain fart . 
  fixed it now . 
  there 's a really morbid irony about this . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html ) . 
  for example ;  forty per cent of muslims between the ages of 16 and 24 said they would prefer to live under sharia law in britain , a legal system based on the teachings of the koran . 
  the figure among over-55s , in contrast , was only 17 per cent . 
  the same attitude is also present when it comes to islamic schools , killing apostates and so on . 
  the figures hover at 15-20 % for over 55s , but jumps to around 40 % for 16-25 year olds ( but this was taken in 2007 so those people would be 22-31 now ) . 
  this is very worrying . 
  the survey was taken in 2007 so i 'm hoping this was just a reaction against the iraq war rather than a strongly held view . 
  edit : spelling . 
  / r/inglin , bitches . 
  is n't this the case everywhere ? 
  young people have had a terrible time in the last 5 years so a lot will have to stay with their parents out of sheer necessity . 
  there is n't any other choice . 
  it 's a colloquial way to refer to the conservative party .
