   i did . 
  you provided a chart from a biased organization the originals source was the washington post . 
  learn to read . 
   and a series of studies that do n't adequately account for the fundamental differences between the us and other countries , such as our drug war . 
  at least read the fucking link . 
  one of the papers looked at guns amongst states . 
   even assuimg those lives would n't have been taken by other means , that actually seems like a paltry reward in exchange for denying 22 million people a fundamental human right . 
  gun regulation = / = gun bans . 
   do you know what would save even more lives ? 
  1,292 australians died as a result of drunk driving last year . 
  no , because alcohol is addictive and would force people to resort to desperate means to acquire it . 
  keeping it legal saves more lives than keeping it illegal in this case . 
   no , you connected entirely different sections of my response in a pathetic attempt to continue misinterpreting what i say . 
  so you 're illiterate after all . 
  what you wrote was ;  yet still not anything close to `` often '' , given the number of guns and incidence of ownership . 
  what i quoted was ;  yet still not anything close to `` often '' ,  given the number of guns and incidence of ownership . 
  no `` different sections '' about it . 
   i do n't have to result to lies and misquoting to make my case here . 
  you did . 
  see above . 
   i 'm not the one creating the studies we 're arguing about . 
  if you present evidence that is clearly not objective , why do you think i must respect it or place it beyond scrutiny ? 
  it 's objective unless proven otherwise . 
  your conclusion is based on your assumption that you made up . 
  back up your assertions . 
   no , the `` crime '' would then be done with knives , bombs , and whatever guns can be smuggled in . 
  even if you could snap your fingers and instantly remove all guns in the us from existence , criminal elements would import new ones in hours . 
  as evidenced in the uk and australia , your claims are bullshit . 
  those crimes were n't replaced because most of them would have been crimes of passion ; the difference was that less guns would have been available and people were n't as deadly in the heat of the moment . 
   i 'd have no problem with you owning bombs that never existed . 
  but it 's a moot point anyway , solved many posts ago when we discussed the ability to discriminate one 's targets . 
  either the object is to blame or it is n't . 
  either regulation is needed or it is n't . 
  the evidence suggests that it 's a yes for both those categories , yet you seem to be flicking back and forth between this to protect your ideology . 
  the criteria for what they consider legal gun ownership is n't defined . 
  given the bias of the site , i 'm not inclined to assume they 've used sane criteria . 
  i do n't trust any original studies by fox news , either . 
  except that ; a ) the criteria would vary state-by-state . 
  b ) you 're assuming they 're `` keeping it secret '' . 
  c ) assuming they 're biased because of the assumption above . 
   and did the president call out an individual hit on any of them ? 
  nothing in the conduct of war is comparable to specifically calling out a hit on an individual and denying him his due process rights . 
  considering that drones are bombing yemen and pakistan `` at war '' is pretty apt right now . 
  the only difference is that most civilians are n't actually witnessing it . 
   when the president can kill one of us on a whim he can kill any of us on a whim . 
  the president may or may not nuke new york tomorrow . . therefore , panic . 
   and i never said i wanted `` zero intrusion '' . 
  you 've said point blank that gun control is a failure . 
   and the fact of the matter is that north korea is the only country on the planet that runs your life for you . 
  the rest of the world lies on a spectrum between the two extremes , and i 'd prefer it if people like you did n't try to drag my country to collectivist one . 
  see , this is the only valid argument against gun control . 
  that of freedom . 
  the only issue is that freedom tends to come at a price . 
   assuming `` innocents '' in whatever statistic you 're referring to were all felled by stray bullets , you 're still wrong as 10 % does n't constitute `` often '' . 
  often as in frequent or something occurring many times . 
  in this case , yes , it 's often . 
   shutting down in the face of any argument that challenges your preconceptions is pretty close to a stutter . 
  oh , look , more projection . 
  i wrote ;  i have n't used an anecdote yet . 
  the one basing his arguments around examples is you . 
  stop being such a dishonest cunt . 
  you ignored this . 
  good job on shutting down . 
   nor have you . 
  [ learn to read . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/14wlp6/reading_about_the_conneticut_massacre_as_a/c7iz3sp )  the failure is that they only slightly lower gun homicide rates . 
  trading a fundamental human right for a false sense of security is a failure . 
  australia went from 104 gun homicides in 1996 to 30 in 2009 . 
  i do n't know about you , but that sounds great to me . 
   so you 're taking two snippets of my post out of context , ignoring all the text in between and the different subjects of the two paragraphs involved , and you think i have to justify your edit ? 
  learn to read again . 
  i split two lines in half because they contradicted each other . 
   since i 'm not a lying asshole . 
  from my observations you either are or you have trouble with comprehension . 
   i 've been to mother jones before . 
  their position on gun control is well known . 
  i 've read your comments before . 
  your position on gun control is clear . 
   the us is fundamentally more violent as a culture . 
  but in countries where gun regulation has become more strict , that increase in strictness correlates to an increase in crime with the weapons that remain . 
  because `` crime '' would then refer to possession . 
   it seems like this entire thread has been me arguing with you about things i never said . 
  most other weapons are inanimate objects . 
  nukes for everyone , then . 
  i 'd like a fat boy , please !, 
   a simplistic chart from a notoriously biased website is not a set of `` facts '' if the methods used to create the chart are kept secret . 
  except that they 're not . 
  you can look them up but you choose not to . 
  ergo , they 're correct as they have n't been disproven ( yet ? ) . 
   cool , then give me a previous example where the president of the us issued a death warrant for a citizen and his child . 
  hint : you wo n't find one because this is unprecedented . 
  you do realise that the civil war had hundreds of thousands of your own countrymen killed ? 
   you do n't think extrajudicial murder counts as an attack ? 
  on the person involved ? 
  yes . 
  on the populace as a whole ? 
   and if you want to live in a place where the government will keep you safe your only choice is north korea . 
  nice black-and-white bullshit . 
  you 're the one who wants zero `` intrusion '' . 
  i didnt say that i wanted the government to be in every orifice of my life , did i ?
