   no , they just create a mess of regulations that effectively ban guns for normal , law-abiding citizens . . ... how many times do i need to tell you that they are n't banned before it sinks in ? 
   . . while maintaining their availability for psychopaths . 
  how ? 
  stringent regulation filters them out very , very well . 
   if barriers to gun ownership were increased it would eventually become easier . 
  crazy people will find ways to kill . 
  then legalise all weapons as well as murder . 
  after all , if they will `` always find ways to kill '' then there 's no point in restricting civilians from owning rocket launchers , right ? 
  ( yes , this is how inane you sounded just then . ), 
  wait a second , was n't this already the law in ireland ? 
  [ clement attlee . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clement_attlee ), 
  [ err . . ] ( http://blogs.mirror.co.uk/investigations/2012/04/32-die-a-week-after-failing-in.html ), 
   if he 'd failed to find ammunition from the us , he 'd have found it elsewhere . 
  begging the question fallacy . 
   then please lay out your argument so that i may understand it . 
  if you support the ban of `` assault '' weapons , say so and i can point you to evidence that such a ban wo n't stop mass murder . 
  dinky guns are usually used for such events . 
  it 's simple . 
  gun regulation is not the same thing as gun bans , and anyone arguing against the latter simply is n't paying attention . 
  for example , most developed nations ( excluding the us ) have significant gun regulation , but none actually ban the ownership of all guns outright . 
   not really . 
  obtaining the materials for bomb-making is relatively easy . 
  not easier than getting a gun at walmart , though , which is the point here . 
   and he found it in his home country . 
  so how did gun control work in the case of the spree killer with the highest body count ? 
  not entirely . 
  he could n't have done it without the ammo from the us , which was my point . 
   then why attempt it ? 
  since massacres are n't averted the main effect would be to deprive ordinary citizens , 99.99 % of whom do n't murder people , of the guns they have a right to own . 
  it would be akin to banning cars because some people drive drunk . 
  as i 've said before ; - no one is saying that no massacres will never happen . 
  - no one is saying that guns are going to be banned outright . 
  every time i read claims like yours it makes me wonder if said person is even bothering to pay any attention to the argument . 
   it 's not terribly difficult to make a bomb . 
  timothy mcveigh killed 168 people with one and he put less effort into it than brevik . 
  ah , but it is significantly more difficult than walking in a store and buying a gun . 
   and who got his guns from a state-sanctioned shooting club . 
  and it 's not like he could n't have gotten his ammunition from some country other than the us . 
  iirc he travelled around europe and had trouble obtaining the necessary equipment . 
  and yeah , he got things from norway too , but you 're missing the point . 
  as i 've mentioned before no one is saying that gun regulation makes crime extinct and has us sit around a campfire singing kumbaya . 
   what makes you think the shooter would move onto knives if guns were slightly harder to get ? 
  the next logical step is to make explosives , not to use knives . 
  [ effort . 
  ] ( http://www.relationship-economy.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/04/law-of-diminishing-returns.jpg ), 
   such measures did n't stop anders brevik . 
  you mean the guy who bought his ammo from the us ? 
   what does it matter what method is used to kill people ? 
  a person stabbed to death is just as dead as a person shot . 
  the difference is that guns make it easier to kill . 
  compare the shooting in ct with the stabbings in the chinese school - the latter had zero deaths ( 20 + injured ) whereas the former had 27 dead . 
  it would 've been significantly better if the shooter had , say , a knife . 
  i caught myself doing this too . 
  the only thing i can think of is that british culture is heavily influenced by self-deprication and cynicism . 
  damn , eastern europe kicked our arse . 
   how does it minimize them ? 
  is some aspiring mass killer going to pause before he drives to where he wants to hold his massacre and pause after he realizes that he might get 20 years for possessing the guns that he 'll soon be using to murder people and blow his brains out ? 
  generally speaking , said shooter would n't have access to that gun in the first place . 
  massacre avoided . 
   how many total homicides does each country have ? 
  29 and 16,799 . 
  to put that in to context with guns , 6.8 % of all norwegian homicides are conducted via guns , whereas 68.4 % of all american homicides are done by guns . 
  because they 're not supposed to . 
  they 're there to * minimise * them . 
  per year , norway has 2 gun homicides vs the us ' 11,500 . 
  notice the disparity ? 
  even during the mid 00s , when this would presumably be at its worst , no one really `` hated '' the americans . 
  people poke fun at them but there 's no malice intended i do n't think . 
  yeah , for a site that 's supposed to be progressive and everything , most seem to vomit the same reactionary nonsense every time this happens . 
  despite all the evidence showing otherwise , the majority of americans do n't seem to see them as an issue . 
  half the time it feels like i 'm talking to the ceo of the nra . 
  seriously , * 11,500 * gun homicides in the us every year . 
  the same figure is about fifty for the uk , 35 for france , 150 for germany etc. 
  there 's other factors , too , of course , but gun control is an important one that always gets overlooked , often times deliberately . 
  i would 've thought that this was mainly because boris is n't seen in a serious light by the public at large , so anyone taking a swipe at his stance would be largely fruitless . 
  i meant during the fighting . 
  someone of his stature could help calm things down if he really wanted to . 
  i 've never heard of anyone taking it over here . 
  i think it 's widespread in the us because doctors over-prescribe their patients for every little thing . 
  was n't klitschko elected to parliament recently ? 
  why did n't he step in to calm things down ? 
  . . and he 's absolutely right . 
  any civilised society needs to accept that everyone must contribute to the system to ensure that said system stays in shape . 
  in this case , avoiding paying your taxes to the system which allowed you to prosper is the kind of greed which is n't really beneficial to anyone in the long run . 
  from what i can see it certainly seems to just be a vocal minority . 
  on a general level it looks like there are a lot of white supremacists , but they get voted down usually , so it 's not as out of control as we may think . 
  it 's still an issue , just not one that 's as big as it comes off . 
  could n't give a shit if i tried . 
  i remember reading that london was responsible for a third of the british gdp . 
  the financial sector , the city of london , was responsible for a fifth of the british gdp . 
  it 's quite staggering . 
  you too ?!, 
  nice . 
  i was also named person of the year by time in 2006 . 
  i 'm amazed that zuckerberg is considered more influential than murdoch . 
   facebook co-founder mark zuckerberg , fresh from his company 's ipo that was bad for investors but rather good for him , climbed to 25th place , ** one spot ahead of media master-mogul rupert murdoch ** . 
  what the hell ? 
  oh , for goodness ' sake . . 
  anyone mentioned daft punk ( france ) yet ?
