  a ) he had to resort to the us to get the ammo . 
  and b ) i 'm glad you like to dismiss peer-reviewed papers with the same anecdote . 
   and what happens when the united states ' source of funding dries up due to a civil war ? 
  this is based on the assumption that it will , which is highly unlikely . 
   also , citation needed on that `` funding both sides '' bit . 
  http://www.washingtontimes.com/blog/watercooler/2012/sep/13/picket-us-taxpayer-funded-taliban-retaliate-agains/  even if you should be able to produce such a citation , the fact remains that the us is losing both wars to cavemen with primitive arms . 
  simply not true . 
  people think all the taliban do is run around with a few ak-47s and that 's the reason that they 're alive . 
   a historical fact is not an anecdote . 
  and no , i 'm using that event to demonstrate that gun regulation can not make homicide `` extinct '' . 
  i 'm using it to demonstrate ** that it is utterly useless against a determined individual ** . 
  and we 're back to the `` it would happen anyway ! '', 
  argument . 
  let 's give nukes to everyone , because , after all , people will find ways to kill each other anyway . 
  la dee da . .  when the modern record-holder for spree kills did his deed in a society that severely limits gun ownership , it completely destroys the argument that gun control will prevent such things . 
  i 'm glad you did n't bother to read the research i cited and are continuing to vomit the `` it would 've happened anyway ! '', 
  nonsense . 
   as someone that apparently likes calling out fallacies , i encourage you to educate yourself on the definition of `` strawman '' . 
  you attacked an argument that does not exist . 
  this is an obvious strawman . 
  your entire argument revolves around the ridiculous `` it would 've happened anyway ! '', 
  argument despite the fact that no one is stating how regulation makes gun homicides etc go to zero . 
   the worldview that believes gun control will prevent massacres . 
  the worldview that thinks that somehow its opinion on the domestic policy of another nation is relevant . 
  the worldview that wishes to impose its tyranny on humanity , but is hindered by guns and individual rights . 
  it 's not a world view if it 's backed up by tonnes of research . 
  but hey , ignore it at your peril . 
  i 'm glad you would willingly let others die for your ideology . 
   to invalid inputs . 
  to completely valid inputs . 
  * you claim * that it would happen anyway . 
  following * your logic * , murder should be legalised because people kill regardless of what the law is . 
   if i sank to rhetorical tactics such as yours i 'm sure i would compare your positions to advocating murder and rape . 
  looks like you 're just making things up at this point . 
  how would me advocating gun regulation relate to murder and rape , then ? 
   but i do n't need to delve to such depths since i have logic and reality in my court . 
  you mean anecdotes and the same thoroughly debunked argument . 
   no , it states that other methods of obtaining ammunition are available . 
  which is the argument of `` it would 've happened anyway '' , on the basis that `` he would 've gotten it regardless '' . 
  your assertion relies on itself to exist . 
   then please provide them . 
  there is [ substantial peer-reviewed evidence ] ( http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/research/hicrc/firearms-research/guns-and-death/index.html ) to show that more guns equal more homicides . 
  for massacres , most guns were [ obtained perfectly legally ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/files/2012/12/mass-shooting-legally.jpg ) . 
   were you paying attention to bush 's wars ? 
  the us military just got done getting defeated twice by cavemen with rudimentary weapons . 
  it 's more than possible particularly since the military will have to kill its own people , who will be simultaneously starving it of cash . 
  you mean aside from the fact that the us is funding both sides ? 
   how the hell is it irrelevant ? 
  the spree killer with the highest body count so far was able to perform his atrocity in a country with strict gun control laws . 
  the people of norway still get massacres just like the us . 
  because this is the billionth time that you 've deliberately used an anecdote to pretend that gun regulation is supposed to make homicide etc extinct . 
   the fact that something is devastating to your argument does n't somehow make it `` irrelevant '' . 
  sorry , but your strawman does n't do anything to hurt my argument one bit . 
  all it does is show that you either do n't comprehend what is being said or are highly disingenuous . 
   and it was an invalid comparison . 
  do you have anything to back up your argument that does n't involve faulty logic or simple dismissal of evidence inconvenient to your worldview ? 
  what world view ? 
  * you * asserted that it was going to happen anyway . 
  all i did was apply * your * logic . 
  if you find it to be contestable then feel free to think your own viewpoint over . 
   no , my argument was that there are other ways to obtain ammunition than shipping it in from the us . 
  which states that he would 've done it anyway because he would 've done it anyway . 
   are we speaking of individual gun crimes or spree killings ? 
  both . 
   yes , but even if i did n't the government is n't likely to confiscate my car when it turns to tyranny . 
  it always amazes me that people actually think their glocks can take on an organised military . 
   relevant example . 
  correction : simple-minded irrelevant anecdote . 
  have you actually read anything i 've written so far ? 
   no , i 'm saying that `` doing '' something will not be effective and will only harm innocent gun owners . 
  then that 's just factually incorrect . 
   and you 're deliberately misunderstanding my point . 
  murder is inherently harmful . 
  gun ownership is not . 
  99.99 % of gun owners do n't use their guns to kill humans . 
  applying my logic concerning an almost entirely harmless activity to murder is rather ridiculous . 
  i was applying your logic on gun regulation to regulation of other crime like murders . 
  `` it 's going to happen anyway '' is an easy out and ignores the question at hand . 
   i think i do . 
  if you 're going to be a fallacy pedant , try not to use them yourself . 
  how ? 
  your argument is that he would 've done it anyway because he would 've done it anyway . 
   then the laws will be utterly ineffective at achieving the stated goal , only serving to make things worse for legitimate gun owners . 
  all the data in the world suggests otherwise . 
   that 's why i used the word `` effectively '' . 
  they 're not , then . 
  do you also complain that you need a drivers license to drive a car ? 
  simple-minded anecdote . 
  you 're intentionally misrepresenting my position here . 
  where the hell did i give you the impression that murder should be legalized ? 
  did n't say you did . 
  what you do keep on saying is that people will do it anyway , so there 's no reason to do anything . 
  since you keep on missing the point ( deliberately ? 
  ) , i applied your exact logic in another instance . 
  following your logic , nothing should be done against murder because `` it would happen anyway '' . 
  so . . yeah . . legalise !, 
   then so is your assertion that he could n't have done it without ammunition from the us . 
  i do n't think you quite understand the fallacy . 
   there 's really no other way to address the issue from the government 's perspective than banning guns . 
  except that , again , no one has suggested this nor intends to .
