  what the fuck . 
  what if it 's a black muslim gypsy ? 
  ^ maybe ^ you ^ should ^ declare ^ war ^ on ^ them . 
  revenge is vengeance , not justice . 
  it 's because they wanted to torture him but not kill him . 
  those seem to be quite accurate . 
  the one party that they seemed to be wrong about the most were the greens and even then it was only off by 2 % . 
  if that 's any indication then they have a pretty good track record . 
  they have basically no control over healthcare , although eurosceptics often argue that the eu will eventually get bigger and bigger to the point where they control everything , which might include things like healthcare . 
  though generally the problems that people talk about are mostly limited to immigration , because they 're blamed for things like high unemployment and ever increasing house prices . 
  first in healthcare and it 's also the second cheapest out all of them to boot . 
  the nhs really is amazing . 
  i very rarely identify as european . 
  it 's always british or sometimes english . 
  i still do n't know who to support . 
  edit : flipped a coin . 
  looks like i 'm backing portugal , even though germany will probably win . 
  it was really frustrating to watch . 
  we played well and created a lot of chances yet still lost . 
  also , fuck pirlo with his majestic beard and silky smooth passing and great free kick . 
  technically britain has [ had a war ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anglo-swedish_war_%281810%e2%80%9312%29 ) with sweden in the 1800s , but the war only existed on paper and we did n't even fight any battles . 
  yeah , scratch that one off the list . 
  our next plan is to launch an invasion of sweden . . but do n't tell anyone . 
  he may be an idiot but that 's half the reason why he won . 
  i can only speak for britain but as far as i know women get lighter sentences overall , although those numbers do n't adjust for the types of crime so chances are that men just commit more egregious crimes and get punished more harshly as a result . 
  you dyed your hair ? 
  is that even legal ? 
  wow , that map is really disheartening . 
  it 's wrong for two reasons . 
  for one thing , culture is n't dependant on race . 
  if an arab person moves to france and has kids and their kids have kids then they 'll probably have integrated in to french society at that point , and will have the same cultural norms as a white french person . 
  at that point it would be ridiculous to think of them as this other foreign group because they 'll be far more similar to where they live than their ancestral homeland . 
  secondly , and more importantly , * cultures will always change regardless * of whether different racial groups are added to the mix or not . 
  french culture is much different today than it was in the past , and that has nothing to do with there being more minorities . 
  ask your average french person what they think of gay people today and compare that with answers from 50 years ago and i guarantee that they 'll be significantly different . 
  this idea that we 'll always stay the same culturally is naive . 
  uk : no . 
  because he 'll probably get extradited to the us and spend the rest of his life in prison . 
  it 's worth nothing that [ most of the venue 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2014_fifa_world_cup#venues ) are just on the eastern seaboard though . 
  that was terrible . 
  ^ ^ have ^ ^ an ^ ^ upvote . 
  if you 're going to do satire you could at least be a little more subtle about it . 
  . . what ? 
  cold war propaganda is * really * effective . 
   `` do i have to go on my knees ? '' ms lagarde , the head of the international monetary fund said , when asked whether she has apologised to george osborne over the fund 's low growth forecasts and calls to adopt a ` plan b ' of less austerity -- calls the body now accept it got wrong . 
  . . but plan b is what happened . 
  in the last fiscal year there was no austerity ( spending was triple the rate of inflation ) and in this fiscal year the rate of spending increase is only slightly above inflation . 
  the general commentary is accurate in that obama is n't as interested as his predecessors in sending the american military everywhere , but that last line is really dense . 
  the american military is n't so powerful and flushed with money because they 're being altruistic . 
  it 's weird how there 's a stereotype for greeks being lazy and not working when they work some of the longest hours in comparison to everyone else . 
   this video is not available in your country . 
  but it 's from my country !, 
  you germans * would * say that . 
  that 's the amount he made in one year from only housing benefit . 
  it 's a lot . 
   but the problems are by far greater in southern and eastern europe , where 75 % of the population ca n't afford to go on holiday , like in romania ( 75 % ) and bulgaria ( 74 % ) . 
  holy shit . 
  he 's not wrong . 
  ukips main policy is to leave the eu because they do n't like the freedom of movement that it provides , which is the exact opposite of liberalism . 
  if the people want it , sure . 
  but it has a really inconvenient location and i ca n't really see them doing well outside of russia , so actually going through with it would be really difficult . 
  you 're giving them too much credit . 
  winning a quarter of the vote does n't suddenly mean that they 're running the country . 
  it 's the right term if we 're talking about france as a whole . 
  they may have won the highest number of votes but let 's not forget that most people voted for pro-eu parties . 
  no2eu are left-wing and eurosceptic , so you could 've voted for them . 
  for what ? 
  the fn only got 25 % of the vote . 
  most of these numbers are really depressing . 
  hungary is surprisingly low . 
  since when is following the law `` rabidly left-wing and biased '' ? 
  those people were on the electoral roll and thus were able to vote . 
  meh , the only people who see it as a referendum on the eu are ukip , and that 's only because they * really * hate the eu . 
  last time they got 8 % of the vote and this time they might get 9-10 % , though calling it a `` big gain '' is a little far fetched . 
  i have n't voted yet but will do it later today and will vote for the greens . 
  here in london we currently have 3 conservative meps , 2 labour , 1 ukip , 1 green and 1 liberal democrat . 
  my guess is that labour will probably have a comfortable win here and ukip will come second , with the conservatives coming third , the liberal democrats fourth and the greens fifth . 
  that would roughly result in 3 labour meps , 2 ukip meps , 2 conservative and 1 liberal , with the greens losing theirs due to the surge in ukip support . 
  though the result for the whole country should be more interesting . 
  in the polls ukip and labour were basically at a statistical tie in the last few days , so it 's really up to whoever can energise their base more . 
  it 's worth noting that just because it is in the ground does n't mean that it 's feasible for us to extract it and use it right now . 
  getting to this gas is still years away , if we bother to do it at all . 
   it found that if a referendum on staying in the eu was held today , britons would vote by 50 per cent to 41 per cent to remain in the eu -- with only 9 per cent undecided . 
  in 2013 , the public was evenly divided on the issue : 46 per cent wanted to leave , and 46 per cent wanted to stay . 
  this is what the title was mainly referring to . 
  his comments are true but this is to be expected . 
  a lot of ukip voters are former conservative voters so obviously he 'd need to pander to them in order to win their support back . 
  it was a disastrous interview but i ca n't see it changing anything . 
  the clip itself only has 100k views on youtube and the only place which seems to be talking about it is reddit . 
  with such minor coverage it probably is n't going to be enough to make much of a difference . 
  we actually have a chance this year . 
  most of the bookies have us within the top 5 . 
  it 's more of a guideline than a hard rule , though i do n't really support enforcement . 
  spending is n't really indicative of how efficient a system is , and besides , most of the countries below that threshold will need to rely on other countries when things get tough anyway . 
  lithuania is n't suddenly going to be able to fight off russia if they triple defence spending , so it makes little practical sense to expect of that , and the same goes for most other countries there . 
  that 's like finding a unicorn . 
  [ the russian grandmothers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wknrgc71hjc ) from 2012 were pretty great . 
  we do n't really have anything like it . 
  in britain our far-right are the bnp and they do n't bother with religion at all , and other right-wing parties like ukip do n't really make any mention of it either . 
  the closest we get to it is david cameron occasionally saying that he 's a christian , although not using it to actually dictate policies .
