well it has n't been confirmed and not everyone believes it so i think it counts . 
  it was a few hardliners in the uvf who supposedly did it , do you really think they could have 4 bombs go off almost simultaneously in dublin then another in monaghen 90 minutes latter ? 
  in ireland a popular conspiracy theory was that british intelligence was behind dublin and monaghan bombings . 
  the uvf claimed responsibility for the attack but a lot of people think it was to well coordinated for them to do on their own and that they got help from mi6 . 
  yeah you choose the side who kills civilians over negotiating peacefully . 
   i will stop defending kurds as soon as their cause is not completely justified . 
  what about all the civilians they kill , is that justified ? 
   you may agree in principle but not in practice . 
  many of those entering europe are fleeing the war in syria ( or sometimes libya ) . 
  yet all the talk by european power and yet only some couple of thousand refugees from syria have been let into european countries out of a displaced population of several million . 
  europe has helped around 150,000 syrian refugees . 
  and if more came to europe we would help them , but do n't expect us to start bringing them from syria . 
   many of those entering europe are fleeing the war in syria this right here is a lie . 
  unless of course syrian refugees happen to be african men in their twenty 's . 
   let 's not pretend you give a damn about any migrants , and those dying of hungers are n't better-off than those dying from war . 
  you might think i do n't , but i do care about refugees fleeing war zones but i do not care about economic migrants . 
  replied to the wrong person , woops . 
   but the way you think africa is this one big homogeneous place , maybe i should n't feel too bad . 
  of course i do n't , but the migrants come from all over africa so obviously there is problems all over africa . 
  also i think it is a lot easier to say ` people from africa ' rather than having to list out every country in africa where the migrants come from , do n't you ? 
   interesting , do you see any similarities there ? 
  no because there is no potato blight in africa , and the food that is exported is bought not taken ( like it was from ireland ) . 
   humans do try to fix their problems . 
  for example by moving to another place . 
  so colonization ? 
  that sounds like a god-awful solution . 
   what exactly do you want them to do ? 
  do you think they can just rebuild the country in this disney-movie-like style ? 
  hey !, 
  let 's all work together !, 
  yes i do want them to rebuild their country . 
  their countries are resource rich and have the potential to be wealthy . 
  they get plently of help from ngo 's and rich countries ( i 'm not saying no one in africa wants to make their countries better just that the migrants trying to get into europe do n't ) . 
   go to any university in europe and you 'll see so many african people who 're getting degrees to earn the know-how and built something in their home countries show me a source for that then i 'll believe you . 
   do you really think it 's that easy ? 
  do you really think it just took 50 years ? 
  no it does n't just take 50 years . 
  i said we have only been a rich country for about 50 years , not that it took that long  but do you really think shutting the doors is a solution ? 
  i think shutting door to economic migrants is a solution and instead of spending money on them here , we should do more to help in their countries . 
   so , it was n't you who made the country rich . 
  i would like you to show me where i said that . 
  hint , i did n't but i do work and actively contribute to my country . 
   of course those generations also exploited the whole african continent but hey , let 's focus on the good things . 
  ah yes the notorious irish colonies in africa/s  so , all those irish people that left for america and canada , they did n't run away , i guess ? 
  they did . 
  although they ran away because they had nothing to eat because of the potato famine and the fact the british were exporting most of the food out of the country . 
   and that people for as long as human kind has existed do seek better places when it 's getting hard to come by - as any other animal does by the way - is probably just `` running away '' i guess ? 
  animals do n't have the ability to try and fix their problems , their animals . 
  humans on the other hand do . 
  people in africa have the ability to fix their problems they just wo n't group together and do it . 
   or did i miss something and the homo irelandus has always been in the same place ? 
  obviously we have n't always been in the same place but we have been here for thousands of years . 
  and we were exploited by the british just as much as people in africa and for longer too . 
  and yet we are in a better situation now than they are why ? 
  because we fixed our situation instead of running away to get the easiest deal . 
  i was only born in a rich country because my ancestors helped make it a rich country and did n't run away to try get the most stuff for the least amount of work . 
  and i live in ireland a country that has only been a rich country for 50 years . 
  we fixed our country by ourselves , for the most part . 
  third world countries should be able to do it considering the amount of aid they get . 
  yeh paying smugglers a few grand to move to a rich country to get free benefits . 
  though life . 
  i have no problem letting in refugees who are fleeing war , like in syria . 
  it 's economic migrants that take advantage of a bad situation to get into europe that i have a problem with . 
  if they do n't like what they have they should go back to whatever country they came from . 
  no one invited them and they are n't wanted . 
   i 'm sure the people of istanbul would love the irish climate . 
  even we do n't love irish climate mate . 
   i 'd rather see millions why would you want millions of people from a different culture who consider you an infidel effectively colonizing your country ? 
  fantastic logic there . 
  change laws that you are perfectly entitled to change = parasitic economic policies . 
  congrats for occupying us for 800 years and now being butthurt we are doing well for ourselves , no fuck you . 
  yurop is just jelly of his amazing dad-bod . 
  oh they would find a way . 
  found butthurt brit . 
  in all honesty though you are probably right . 
  careful now . 
  also on the point about ireland unlike bigger european countries most of the population growth here is actually to irish not migrants . 
  also if you are well dressed and say you forgot your wallet you probably did , while someone who looks homeless is probably lying . 
  we will send you some random food with no instructions on how to cook it . 
  even more payback !, 
  brilliant idea you can eat them !, 
  you could hook them up to a lie detector and just ask them ? 
  not really , we do import a lot of food but if we changed our diets we easily produce enough food to feed ourselves . 
  when the britain suffers a famine lets not help them . 
  payback 's a bitch !, 
  are you implying that occupy europe now would be the same as doing it 80 years ago ? 
  after eastern europe endured communism ? 
   you said that the uk wants all the benefits but nothing else . 
  if you think that the euro is a benefit , then it makes no sense to also say that the uk wants all the benefits . 
  these statements contradict each other . 
  i think it 's a benefit but a lot of people , especially in britain do n't , so my point still stands . 
   why join in with something if it is not in the uk 's national interest ? 
  ireland is n't joining in stuff that is not in the irish national interest . 
  apart from schengen what has ireland not joined in on ? 
  and schengen is kind irrelevant since we only have 1 border and that 's with a country that also did n't agree to it . 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  i certainly do think they are all benefits . 
  i was implying that the uk wants to get as much benefit from the eu without joining in like everyone else . 
  they want all the benefits of the eu but nothing else ? 
  sad but true .
