  it 's because of turkey and cyprus . 
  turkey wo n't attack greece but it might attack cyprus again . 
  yep but taking and holding territory is 2 different things . 
  they would suffer huge losses due to resistance . 
  obviously , but it would cost more to have to create new jobs . 
  and maybe , oh i do n't know , all the jobs people get because there is a royal family ? 
  no the person offering the seat does n't think it 's rude , but sometimes if you offer your seat to someone older than you they get insulted and think you view them as really old , even if they are not . 
  you would think it is just not possible and yet it happens . 
   probably best not talk about the ira or fighting the brits , most people have moved on from it and in general view ira activity as terrorism . 
  most irish people view the ira as terrorists but to agree with them to a certain extent though . 
  only they do n't get rich and live in shitholes ... 
  i honestly ca n't believe you are comparing killing 3 people to not sending people home . 
  obviously not , but ultimately the responsibility still lays with the people who threw the petrol bomb . 
  if it slows the flow of migrants then it is exactly what we need . 
  guinness , jameson 's or some other alcoholic beverage . 
  but that 's grand since the money goes back to ireland . 
   those three people died because the bank ordered them to stay and work despite official warnings and the building was a fire trap . 
  no those 3 people died because some thug threw a petrol bomb into a building with people in it . 
  well the kid attacking the white kid ( who was probably not muslim ) looked middle eastern ( so was likely muslim ) . 
  although we should n't say they are/aren ' t muslim unless it is relevant to what happened , which it could be . 
  i am actually surprised to see that there is enough nigerians , chinese and indians in the country to send back that much money . 
  not surprised at all with the rest . 
  irish people are n't * all * drunks . 
  * ireland raises it 's hand *, 
   our country is in europe ( not in south america ) . 
  then why do spanish people speak mexican ? 
  he tried to destroy the raf and built up a invasion fleet , but he did n't actually * try * to invade . 
   britain for a while was the last free european country in europe till russia joined the war . 
  yep not counting sweden , switzerland , spain ( they were pro- hitler so they are debatable ) , portugal and ireland . 
  their sense of national pride . 
   it 's too bad the us got involved in europe at all seeing all the bad will it 's brought us . 
  never said the us helping was a bad thing . 
  simply stated that america would have had a very hard time invading europe from sea if germany was solely focused on them . 
  and he would have had the means to fight a very long war against the uk or russia just not both . 
  not justifying russia 's actions in the ukraine but those reports point out that it is both sides committing war crimes . 
  europe has been at war for thousands of years , and now we are more united than ever . 
  i do n't expect another large european war for a long time . 
  not all germans where nazi 's . 
  the nazi 's took advantage of a broken and humiliated people , and promised to restore their country to greatness . 
  and even if they all were it still does n't justify war crimes and other atrocities . 
  if russia had n't bogged hitler down he would have invaded britain or just fortified western europe to the point where america could n't do jack shit . 
  not saying that they won it alone , i 'm of the opinion america , france , britain and the russia all played vital parts in the war and without even one of them hitler probably would have won . 
  also do they need insurance ? 
  would make horrible borders , not worth it . 
  yeh until we invite australia . 
  and we thought block voting in eastern europe was bad . 
   but muh beautiful mormons !, 
  fixed it for you . 
  that 's not taking into account dust clouds blocking out the sun , a nuclear winter or radioactive dust blowing over into your country . 
  at this rate we might even make it to the finals !, 
  might as well invite the welsh while we 're at it, 
  a lot of it is very hot and desert like . 
  yeh along with every other country in the world . 
  i hope they are strongly worded . 
  not in the slightest , i have all of europe between me and russia they would get bored long before they got to me . 
  the good old 2 country voting block . 
  everyone in ireland who watch 's it pretty much knows we will never win again but still has that tiny bit of hope . 
  lol that 's fucking fantastic . 
  it is 70 - 30 while not counting in the `` do n't know 's '' . 
  it 's a lot closer if you count them in . 
  and that 's still not factoring in the people who just wo n't vote and the secret no voters . 
  we might as well get rid of democracy while we 're at it . 
  unless these ` experts ' want to take these migrants into their own homes they should shut up . 
  more like every governments wet dream . 
  i have heard it mentioned a few times ... 
  while it most likely will pass it could fail , by a small percentage because of the `` do n't know 's '' . 
  but like i said most likely will pass , should be interesting to see what follows . 
  if you look up the most searched porn categories for these countries they are along the lines of ` bestiality and rape ' . 
  edit : spelling is hard, 
  to be honest i would say the execution of clarke , connolly , pearse and the rest of them was more important that the rising itself . 
  if the british had n't done that the rising would have just been added to the pile of useless uprisings . 
  or collins not being executed without him we would n't have the ireland we know today . 
  very interesting . 
  i 've only ever heard about the separatist forces breaking the ceasefire through western media . 
  i agree with most of what your saying there , but the chances of a food shortage in europe are slim . 
  ireland ( the republic ) alone produces enough food for 30 million people . 
  is anybody else curious to see what vatican city scored ? 
  if it is done correctly it would be a very good thing . 
  strange that people who are all for being tolerant towards gays are very intolerant towards people with different views than them . 
  not saying i have anything against gays , just pointing out facts . 
  it 's not just religious people . 
  do n't care what people do , as long as it is in private . 
  unfortunately thats about the extent of our irish . 
  how can someone clean up the borders in the balkans and not reunite ireland :(, 
  it might have something to do with the fact that no one in any of those places considers themselves celtic ? 
  this basically sums up every irishman 's feelings about unionists . 
  lawl, 
  [ i 'd have to go with this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlzrwndgcuc ), 
  i do n't even ... 
  you are free to be part of spain ... 
  some would argue russians have more in common with europeans than turks do . 
  tbh what is the point of being a superpower if you can not invade your neighbors for `` reasons '' . 
  or eh ... eh ... dublin ? 
  huh ireland is n't doing too bad , always nice to see . 
  just out of curiosity how widely used are solar panels in the rest of europe ? 
  i know there is only a few in ireland , although a lot of people are starting to have them installed on there roofs to heat water and stuff . 
  i 'm no expert but could n't a country like spain produce a large chunk of it 's needed electricity from solar power ? 
  i wonder how muslims would react if a christian wanted to turn an old mosque into a church . 
  english and bad irish ( i am a bit ashamed about this bit since it is the native tongue of my country ) . 
  assuming every irishman supports dissident republicans , mature ...
