  after the sandy hook reaction i now say `` yes , but given how the gun control people are negotiating in bad faith i 'm not willing to give anything else up '' . 
  you might want to ask on / r/guns . 
  there 's actually a `` thickheaded thursday '' thread going on there right now . 
  that said , going by what a naval buddy of mine who was stationed in stuttgart said , it 's easier to acquire firearms if you get a hunting license , and the hunting license limits you to manually fed ( as in , you need to work the action somehow to feed the ammo ) rifles and shotguns . 
  semiautomatic rifles are possible , but they are limited to two shots in the magazine . 
  so you could buy a ar-15 and have a magazine that has a capacity of two rounds . 
  these are fairly expensive , i get the impression that germany uses an exorbitant vat on firearms as a way to create a barrier to entry rather than actual laws . 
  there was a german gunnitor a while back on / r/guns who was showing off his collection , he had a ak-47 ( with a two-round magazine ) . 
  * but * , he claimed that it 's completely legal to own 30rd magazines and buy them , but they just ca n't be used to shoot . 
  you may get a better answer in / r/guns though . 
   one needs to join army reservists to be able to buy an ar whoa , back up . 
  you sure about that ? 
  i 'm on a vet forum and there are some finnish vets on it , neither are currently active duty or are in the reserve . 
  both have ar-15s . 
  i 'm not sure that it 's a requirement . 
  good security and good pay , and once you 're in you have a lot of chance to move around the country if you want . 
  often the feds will help you move and cover cost of living increases . 
  if you have a green card the federal government does not care if you buy a gun or not . 
  it varies from state to state . 
  i believe that both ny and ca both prohibit resident aliens/greencard holders/student visa holders from purchasing firearms . 
  if you lived in those states you would need to become a citizen . 
  that said , you live in finland . 
  you have laxer gun laws than some american jurisdictions . 
  yeah , i saw that article too . 
  i think it 's bullshit . 
  essentially the only thing that makes va more restrictive than az is a permit is required to conceal carry , but we have a governor with a ( d ) after his name so g&a called us somewhere in the middle . 
  i 'd say that vermont is the most lax , personally . 
  but the article is pretty clear they are only grudgingly putting vt at the # 2 spot , no doubt because politically vt is on the opposite end of the spectrum from az. 
   to trust each individual citizen without a criminal record with such weapons is beyond rational , especially in today 's day and age there have been exactly two instances of legally owned machine guns used in crimes in the us since the nfa in the 30s , and one of them was a cop . 
  the sort of person who can plop down $ 20k for a legal m-16 is n't the sorta guy who goes on crime spree . 
   in america , you can still legally buy them with cash out of the back of someone 's van . 
  ehhhhh ... in some places , and even then there are legal barriers . 
  if you have reason to think that the person you 're selling to is from another jurisdiction that 's illegal . 
  [ just this month ] ( http://www.jsonline.com/news/crime/milwaukee-man-to-be-sentenced-on-gun-fraud-charge-b99560011z1-322283481.html ) there was a guy in wi convicted to buying firearms in wi from a legal dealer and then selling them out of state . 
  incredibly , he only got 1 years probation on 55 counts of illegal gun dealing , each count up to 5 years . 
  that may be the case in europe , but no , that is not the case in the us . 
  the loudest voices in the gun control movement in the us have stated the end goal is a ban/confiscation and extremely restricted ownership ( typically limited to the very wealthy ) . 
  our own president is on the record saying he wished he could have gotten away with what australia did after the port arthur shooting ( confiscate every semiautomatic in the country ) . 
  when language like that is thrown around , the gun culture guys are n't too trusting . 
  you are n't thinking beyond `` going to go get a injury patched up '' with that statment for universal healthcare . 
  better prenatal care would almost certainly do wonders , the inner cities have higher infant mortality rates than any other developed country besides russia . 
  a kid born after a pregnancy with poor nutrition or not enough oxygen to the brain or fes is gon na have a lot of things that will encourage him to make shitty life decisions later on . 
  eh , better prenatal care would probably do wonders to improve the inner city . 
  fes causes rage attacks , for instance . 
  `` you miss 100 % of the shots you do n't take '' - lee harvey oswald . 
   i have literally never seen a civilian with a gun in switzerland unless you 're a gun guy , most people do n't see them in the us as well . 
  or they do n't notice them . 
  there was a guy over on / r/guns who was open-carrying a handgun on a side holster ( while wearing slacks and a collared shirt ) in dc when it was briefly legal to carry there , and no one seemed to notice . 
  or if they did , it was probably because he looked like the sort of guy who was working for a three-letter-agency . 
  people tend to just miss handguns for some reason . 
  when i open carry handguns in the woods i 've had conversations with people i encounter and they do n't notice the revolver until about 2/3s of the way through the conversation . 
  now , ar-15 or shotgun slung over your shoulder ? 
  people are going to notice that instantly . 
  what 's really weird to me , as an american , is that austrians can buy firearms banned in several us jurisdictions ( like ar-15s ) , but are banned from owning firearms universally allowed in the us ( like a pump-action shotgun ) . 
  i believe that even france and germany theoretically allow concealed carry , but both those countries limit it to private security bodyguards and similar . 
  your average jean in france is n't going to be able to acquire it . 
  some former commando who is a bodyguard for the very wealthy ? 
  well ... dodi fayed 's bodyguard routinely carried , for instance . 
  interestingly , while open carry is legal in much of the us ( but not all , including what are thought of as gun-friendly jurisdictions ) , `` brandishing '' laws are universal as well . 
  i do n't think it would be too hard to arrest open-carriers for brandishing . 
  buuuuuuuut it might be difficult to get charges to stick . 
  as a practical matter the open-carry loons do n't go on too many killing sprees , so i suspect that that would be the argument if one were arrested for brandishing . 
   now the crime may not be worth the chance ... wait an hour for a new target , or for the armed person to leave . 
  it still draws attention to yourself , and some criminals do target known gun owners for express purpose of acquiring firearms . 
  a few years back there was a rash of muggings outside of gun ranges in philly , for instance . 
  unless you 're in the woods , or transporting firearms , open carrying is a bad idea . 
  besides drawing attention to yourself it could irritate a lot of people . 
  now , as a practical matter , i do n't think too many people who are open carrying their ars are gon na go on a killing spree , that does n't mean it wo n't lead to [ problems ] ( http://www.alloutdoor.com/2015/07/29/anti-gunners-urge-citizens-call-911-swat-lawful-carriers/ ) if someone has a hate-on for guns . 
  be the grey man . 
   it 's mood to speculat about germanies ability to develop nuclear weapons because it is still banned from doing so and i can vividly remember the controversy when it tried to get submarines . 
  ... you 're old enough to remember the 60s ? 
  how old are you ? 
   both france and the uk are members of the nato and eu and would take an attack on germany as an attack on themselves . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  maybe they would n't want to start a * nuclear war * , which is what threatening to use nukes in defense of germany woudl entail  i highly doubt they were ever made because in the current context they would make no sense . 
  it actualyl makes a lot of sense , the reason why both the uk and france pursued their own nuclear arsenals was because they did n't want to rely on the us to guarantee their own ultimate security . 
  they have enough to bloody the nose , severely , of a country ( russia ) but not to fight and win a nuclear war . 
  certainly not enough to risk defending a third country with . 
  it should be easy to find somewhere that the uk and french made nuclear guarantees for germany . 
  * they have n't * . 
  if russia rolled through central europe while loudly announcing that they were gon na stop at the french border , why would either the french or uk want to face national death ? 
   well , no shit , they are not alert bombers , because i right now there is no reason to be alerted . 
  especially since they ca n't reach anywhere . 
  but the answer is `` so you have more than one method of delivery if one other is neutralized '' . 
   the uk has four vanguard submarines armed with nuclear missiles and could use them within hours if neccessary . 
  they could use the one * one patrol * within hours . 
  naval warships do not necessarily have a full crew on board at all times , or are armed at all times . 
  they ca n't set sail at warning within minutes . 
  they certainly ca n't go and load the missiles ( btw . 
  the uk missiles are drawn from a pool in the united states , they load the missiles into the subs at kings bay . ), 
  in `` hours '' . 
  finally , we know from wikileaks that the british do not have enough trident missiles to equip all 4 vanguards at once . 
  the one that 's out on patrol is it for the british nuclear deterrent . 
  4 was the magic number because that was considered the * minimum * needed for there to be one at sea at any given time . 
  so all you need to do is to neutralize that , and the uk is sol . 
   the french have another four submarines as well as bombers . 
  the french are better off in that their delivery systems are n't tied to the us delivery systems , and so can take on ordnance quicker , but your guess is as good as mine as to whether or not they have enough missiles available to arm all 4 at once . 
  as it is , * just like with the uk * , the reason why they have 4 is because that 's the minimum to have ** one ** on patrol at any given time . 
  they do n't have all of them on patrol because `` there 's no reason '' , it 's because they physically ca n't have all 4 on patrol at once .
