  a very small chunk held out . 
  while some of fn 's factories were no doubt converted for use in the german war machine , it would be erroneous to say they sold weapons to both sides . 
  the netherlands managed to remain neutral during the war , but within a year or so of the start of the war the dutch economy was in the shitter because the rn had pretty much locked down commercial traffic heading to the netherlands ( since it would have been the easiest way for the germans to trade with the outside world ) . 
   just like belgium during ww1  that ... that does n't seem right . 
  they get salaried based upon rank/paygrade , no matter where you are . 
  depending upon where they are stationed , what 's called a `` housing allowance '' ( bah ) will be different . 
  so , a serviceman in the san francisco bay area will get a housing allowance intended to pay for rent that 's quite a bit more than one in alabama , assuming they are the same paygrade . 
  oftentimes in areas where there is a housing crunch , the junior enlisted wo n't get a housing allowance and will instead live on base/on ship . 
  some jobs get special monthly pay ( for example , if you are on a ship , you get a small extra amount of `` sea pay '' ) . 
   are you still ignoring my main point and wondering why i downvote you when you completel ignore it ? 
  what 's your mainpoint ? 
  that small arms are ineffective in a insurgency ? 
  that because the russians * might * have armored vehicles * in this scenario , * small arms are useless ? 
  of course , you 're someone who thinks that the there were 1 billion armed taliban fighters in afghanistan , which goes to show how well you consider the ramifications of what you 're typing . 
  one more time : where did the kurds ( specifically , during the pre-gulf war era ) get the heavy weapons ? 
  are you saying that they had rpgs and hmgs just hanging out over the fireplace , being family heirlooms ? 
  so , you think that they all * started off * with heavy weapons ? 
  where did they get them from ? 
  btw , how about those 1 billion taliban soldiers ? 
  also , another downvote without actually addressing stuff huh ? 
  did you seriously downvote and then gave a three sentence answer ? 
   yes cause all of the american troops where at the same spot at the same time . 
  we had 100,000 troops in afghanistan at the height of the surge there ( rather more in iraq ) . 
  again , are you seriously arguing that the taliban had a billion shooters ? 
   anyways , you did n't argue my main point i did , you 're the one that went `` hurr my armored vehicles '' , as if * people do n't step outside of them * supply convoys are going to be exclusively protected by armored vehicles * there 's enough to go around throughout the us i mean , crap , the kurds can keep the iraqi army out of the mountains for twenty years ( not counting the 10 years no-fly zone ) , but your assumption is that a country that has more firearms floating around in private hands than any other on the planet ca n't represent a significant hurdle to a occupation force ? 
   our nuclear submarines ready to turn moscow and st petersburg to glass . 
  just a fwiw , you guys almost certainly are unable to guarentee the destruction of any other targets besides those in the moscow area . 
  you simply do n't have the numbers regarding delivery systems . 
  [ i always knew this day would come ] ( http://i.imgur.com/olimsry.png ), 
   you probably have nothing that does anything to an apc . 
  i suspect he would n't try to shoot at a apc with a ar-15 . 
   certainly nothing that would worry the russian army . 
  got ta dismount sometime . 
  an akm is n't going to do much to strykers and mraps , and yet , plenty of american personnel have been killed by them in iraq and afghanistan . 
   bunch of unorganized people with smallarms are no challenge after they defeated the best military in the world . 
  the scenario seems to be more of a `` red dawn '' one rather than `` us ( or any other country listed in this thread ) is conquered '' . 
  iow , the military is probably still up and running , this is just local to whatever invasion is going on . 
   just look at your own troops . 
  everybody in iraq or afghanistan can get an ak . 
  in fact , there are far , far more firearms floating around in private hands in the us than in afghanistan or iraq . 
   ** they outnumber the american troops 10000:1 . 
  ** this is almost certainly not true , unless you 're seriously arguing that the taliban had 1 billion troops . 
  that you 're so casually throwing ratios like that around indicates a severe lack of understanding on your part of what the conditions are on the ground . 
   and they lost . 
  yeah , i 'm sure the taliban feel like losers after watching us pack up and go after 13 years . 
   cause the only way they could kill americans were by ieds and they were n't even effective with those . 
  i guess i must have been imagining that mortar fire when i was there . 
  and they were doing a pretty good job racking up kills until the mrap program and various ied-defeation programs kicked into high gear . 
  i 'm unaware of any similarly widely procured program in russia . 
   so put your glock away , it ai n't going to stop an army . 
  i do n't think anyone here has been advocating running up to guys and shooting them with pistols . 
  it 's one thing for airborne troops and light infantry to show up , quite another for large numbers of mechanized vehicles and arty . 
  but to answer your question : the same way the taliban and insurgents did : shoot and scoot . 
  this was the case during the civil war as well , starting in 1864 component states of the csa began withholding troops from the national government , which probably help speed up the disintegration of the confederacy . 
  now , of course , we have fairly substantial rules putting the organized militia ( national guard ) and the unorganized militia into federal control fairly quickly , largely thanks to what the war department considered a debacle during the spanish-american war . 
  we very likely wo n't face repeats of the war of 1812 or the confederacy during the acw when states held back forces . 
  anyway , i 'd probably just make my way to my local vfw post and chill with the other vets . 
  i 'd much rather work with them as a local militia than random people in the neighborhood . 
   well they annexed little bits of every country where they have military bases i think source ? 
  because ... this is n't true . 
  we have basing agreements , which is * not the same thing * as `` annexing territory '' . 
   usa laws are in effect in those bases , not those of the country they are in . 
  incorrect . 
  whatever laws are in effect on base in those countries reflects what the sofa ( status of forces ) agreement is with the host nation . 
  the us typically proves for law enforcement on base , but if ( for example ) the japanese police need to get on base they are n't going to tell them to go pound sand . 
  i 've deployed to overseas bases before , they are not sovereign us territory . 
  in very rare instances ( gitmo , diego garcia ) we have effectively annexed that chunk of land , but that is n't the case in europe or east asia . 
  you 're conflating `` having the us military provide le on base '' with `` deployed servicemen are immune from host nation laws '' . 
   war on iraq was justified ? 
  are you fucking crazy ? 
  wmd was mostly bullshit , but there were mitigating circumstances ( like hussein doing his absolute best to obscure the true status of his wmd program , event to the iraqi general staff . 
  * cobra ii * is a good book about that ) . 
  i remember during the run-up to it even clinton-level cabinet officials were for it , although former secdef cohen basically said `` there are plenty of reasons to topple saddam without dragging wmds and made up aq-links into it '' . 
  although we now view gore differently , he was hawkish towards iraq when he was vp . 
  i suspect that if he had won the 2000 election we would have at the very least seen something like `` operation super-duper desert fox '' . 
  edit : the above should not be construed as a endorsement of oif . 
   the army ( sending away hundreds of thousands of people with their weapons ) this probably did nearly as much to cripple the security of post-invasion iraq than anything else ( besides , perhaps , the actual invasion ) . 
  buncha pissed off , bored young men with access to weapons wandering around strangled any chance of a safe society in it 's crib . 
   name last time the us annexed land from someone i know this !, 
  you might be tempted to say the postwar pacific islands , but the us never annexed them ,, 
  passive sonar on surface ships are . . problematic . 
  they have a big ass engine going at all times , and in convoy formations it 's even worse . 
  not to say that they are n't used , but they are perhaps not as useful as you night think . 
  during peacetime you 're limited by environmental restrictions . 
  during war time you man decide it 's better to have very strict emissions control . 
  it 's * possible * that there may be exotic platforms that can detect sonar , or maybe you 'll give away your position actively pinging to a sub that otherwise did n't know you 're there . 
  i 've been involved with exercises with that sub . 
  i was on a cg out of san diego from 2003-2006 . 
  fwiw , subs are n't very good if they are being actively searched for . 
  my ship had been `` sunk '' by a chilean sub ( they came to periscope depth , snapped a picture , drove off and emailed the photo to the captain of our ship ) , we were n't looking for them , did n't have sonar active ... but they got so close that we could tell which crewmember was on the smoke deck at the time , so they should have been spotted . 
  we were never sunk by the swedes , in fact during exercises we sank them twice . 
  as with all things , it depends on opportunity and what the surface ship is doing . 
  a lot of times when you see stuff like `` chinese sub surfaces in the middle of a carrier group '' it 's because no one was actively looking for it . 
  pretty easy to shoot someone who is n't paying attention . 
  interestingly , we brought on the swedish sub because we historically relied on the canadians for training against conventional subs , but they were having so much trouble with their * upholders * that we did n't know when we would be able to train against a modern ssk on the west coast again . 
  japan has designed and built more modern conventional subs than france has in the past 20 years . 
  given the range and duration requirements and them having to be conventional , i suspect france 's experience may be limited . 
  i think what it is is that france has a pretty good track record of work-sharing agreements , while this would have been japan 's first overseas sale of a weapons system since ww2 , and the australians may have been a bit gun shy on being the test case for that . 
   german short range diesel electric subs are actually world class as far as i know . 
  their air independent propulsion is a real bear to operate , though , iirc .
