  if you found out that 80 of them were bass boats with machine guns on them ... less so . 
   obama doesnt want to arm ukrainians . 
  well , it 's worth noting we would arm rebels with stuff that the ukrainian military already has . 
  the ukrainians do n't need more rifles or ammo , not really . 
  and even if they did , the us is n't sitting on a lot of combloc stuff , so giving you guys a bunch of 5.56 and m4s would just confuse your supply chain even more . 
  the only thing we could gift the ukrainians that would materially increase their fighting strength would be stuff we do n't want to end up in russian hands so they can look them over . 
  sorry , but your military is sufficiently unreliable at this point we do n't want to see a patriot missile battery in rebel hands . 
  hell , we 're still vexed that a bunch of communications gear ended up in russian hands after the south ossetian war . 
  i would speculate they 're just going to offload some old warsaw pact stuff that does n't meet nato standards . 
  your guess is as good as mine as to whether or not another few million rounds of 7.62 x39mm will help you guys or not . 
   who is `` we '' pretty much all of europe except those with their own nuclear deterrent . 
  the us tends to have more frequent updates and shorter lifecycles for their equipment than the europeans do . 
  buying in american systems means that it 'll be cheaper/easier to upgrade your own military in the future , if you need to . 
  i 'll add that using american equipment means it 's easier to operate with american forces . 
  a good example of the disparity of this would be the paams combat management system compared to the aegis one . 
  the uk decided ot go with paams for it 's * daring * class destroyers , and those 6 plus the french and italian vessels means there 's a grand total of 10 such vessels on the planet . 
  if the uk had gone with aegis they would have had a mature system , been able to benefit from whatever updates the usn and jmsdf ( since they invest in it ) come up with , operate with several allied navies easier , and have a large logistics chain . 
  by sticking with a european system they have restricted interoperability and questionable upgrade potential . 
  want more sales of european equipment ? 
  then the countries making them should be buying more to make sure other countries are n't investing in what essentially becomes abandonware . 
   is this a way for usa to arm ukraine indirectly nope . 
  as / u/crouchingtiger said , the ukranians no doubt lack a platform to delivery them from , and in any event the us would n't be onboard with selling technology to a , ah , `` high risk '' customer . 
   i ca n't make sense of the details but i think that the polish f-16 's require a greater degree of upgrades than the f-18 's . 
  this is almost certainly the case . 
  i 'll add that there may be some kind of storage/management requirements attached to the sale , and finland already met it on their own . 
  i 'll add that while i wo n't say that we americans * love * firearms , it 's common enough that i can have a inventory in the double digits and that has yet to scare off any ladies . 
  i 'm not sure if it 's a appropriate comparison . 
  is n't like a early 19th century belgian farmer was as tightly tied into the international financial markets with modern government services as a modern scottish urbanite . 
  there 's a lot of expectations out there for people who really have n't known true privation . 
  ehhh ... dc is enshrined as `` something other than a state '' in the constitution . 
  puerto rico and the other commonwealths are much closer to the territory --  statehood route . 
  dc is something of a * sui generis * situation . 
  problems with the budget have been discretionary funds , not mandated ones . 
  va , healthcare , ssa , are all * largely * mandated , and failures to pass laws for them are associated with changing the mandate . 
  the va has a bigger budget than the defense budgets of france and britain , for instance . 
   scotland is a nation , has been independent longer than it 's been in a union , it is positively absurd to cite a long period of widespread illiteracy and dubious national identity as being more important to the modern scotland than the past 200 years or so . 
  hell , there are people here in / r/europe who like to talk about how things have happened in the past * ten years * that justify the referendum . 
  no one is citing `` because we were a bunch of illiterate hillbillies who lived in mud huts for the thousand years before the union '' as the reason to leave it . 
  people keep bringing that up , but in truth historically it 's been very rare for congress to hold up states being admitted unless something like , oh , say , slavery was on the table . 
   when americans removed natives - nobody bats an eye . 
  overall , there 's a feeling of shame and acknowledgment in the us about it though , right down to `` reparations '' ( although not officially called such ) from the federal government though the bia , ihs , scholarships & grants , affirmative action , etc. 
  even social conservatives like eric cantor and john mccain generally favor increased social programs and increased tribal autonomy for american indians , while fighting tooth and nail against it for the general public . 
  such is the overwhelming sense of `` we done fucked up '' . 
  i am not saying that these programs are good , bad , or sufficient , i 'm saying that acknowledgement of guilt exists with them . 
  no such acknowledgement of guilt exists with the turkish government and the armenian genocide . 
  i think you mean unicameral . 
  this is n't a bad thing per set . 
  all the constituent countries other than england are under the devolved government , right ? 
  saying that the scots , welsh , and north irish make up a tiny percentage of the population exactly a knock on the system . 
  and when you do the `` they took our money , then gave it back , '' complaint it sounds like , well people in certain states here who make that absurd complaint . 
  as an american , this is what baffles me the most . 
  i read pro-independent types go `` well , scotland wants * total * internal control and if they do n't get it they should be able to leave '' . 
  and , you know , it sounds like what a texan says except when governor perry blathers on about `` nullification '' or sumshit nearly everyone makes fun of him for it . 
  the uk regarding the constituent countries is functionally a federal system like the us , it seems , at least since devolution . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
   i so see that happening . 
  it 's happened with literally every other territory/holding that put together a appropriate constitution and applied for it . 
  every bit of congressional intransigence today has at least some historical precedent . 
  there is zero , none , nada for denying entry into the union as a state for a former territory . 
  the closest you get is texas , which had a rather unique entry into the us . 
  indeed . 
  many , many migrants end up dying in the desert when they try to cross the border into the us . 
  it takes a lot to deter desperate people . 
  yeah i 'm sure a lot of 19 years olds are high people in your societies . 
  so high you could n't have a dc-3 waiting to get you out of the country , huh ? 
  build a naval squadron to go out there and rescue them killer . 
  texas . 
  hear me out : was colonized by americans ( albeit without official us blessing ) and the pro-american stance of the colonists was such that they gloriously left the mexicans and went out , did their teenager thing , and then joined the family business . 
  texas . 
  it grew up so strong . 
  and it was n't even officially sanctioned by us !, 
  interesting fact , they 're on the road to statehood . 
  every 20 years or so we hold a referendum for them , and they inevitably say `` stay the same '' ( no congressional representation on the floor , but they do have it in committees ) . 
  last time around they voted that they wanted to vote to become a state , so the next referendum will be explicitly `` do you want to be a state or not '' . 
  bottle some and send it to california . 
   do you know of a single strike with a plane ? 
  never . 
  there were several . 
  there were several after the usn unloaded 200 cruise missiles , yes . 
  the the first day it was singletons hitting isolated columns . 
   it states clearly that uk never ran out of ammunition . 
  actually , it dances around it and says the us `` bent over backwards '' to ensure the raf had a supply of munitions . 
  i took that quote from the report . 
   french strikes were the 19th of march 2011 , one day before the american cruise missiles strikes , so no . 
  i know which airstrike you 're talking about , it was one rafale on a column outside of benghazi . 
  singular . 
   the weapons shortages concerned relatively small nations like denmark , not the uk or france . 
  [ incorrect ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201012/cmselect/cmdfence/950/95007.htm ) . 
  in fact , this report to parliament specifically talks about the us in particular and alliance members ( who ? 
  germany ? ), 
  `` bending over backwards '' to ensure that the uk did n't run out of munitions during the campaign . 
  sure . 
  during the american civil war the state of virginia , along with several other states , attempted to seced from the union . 
  the western half of virginia was pro-union and counter-seceded and joined the union as the state of west virginia . 
  the virginia state government argued that that was n't legal , even as they were seceding from the national government . 
  so when you advocate scotland seceding , but poo-poo the shetlands counter-seceding to remain int he uk , you sound like a bunch of slaveowning racist pricks in 1861 who are looking out for number one rather than actually caring about your `` rights '' . 
   even if there was a strong desire from the people who live on orkney or the shetland isles to become independent nations i 'm not sure i would support it . 
  it would set a precedent for regions seceding nations just because they do n't like something . 
  you sound like virginia , circa 1861 , whining about the western half of the state seceding back to the union . 
  i support a independent upper peninsula !,
