  does italy pass legislation in direct response to events from the 60s ? 
   a nation that the other party can not touch can not really lose a war . 
  that 's a bit like saying the us did n't lose vietnam because the north vietnamese could not touch the us . 
  hogwash . 
  if you ca n't achieve your political goals , you 've lost the war . 
   if we had been 6 months further into our decommissioning program we would have started building a new fleet . 
  once it was done we would have won . 
  again , you 're giving the uk a lot more credit from a resolve standpoint than evidence suggests they have/had . 
  thatcher was getting ready to leave the falklands hanging in the wind until leach talked her down ( going against secretary nott 's recommendations , i might add ) . 
  in the past ** 15 ** years the uk has been cutting , and cutting defense spending despite taking part in two major wars and dealing with a country that wants to do a do-over on the cold war . 
   i doubt we would have lost unless you had been willing to simply blockade argentina and use your far superior submarine fleet to send a message ... you would have lsot . 
   it might have taken years rather than weeks had the argentinians waited even a few months . 
  i doubt the british resolve in spending years to build up enough assets to wrest control of the falklands . 
  hell , in the past 15 years we 've seen a decline in defense spending even as the british were taking part in two major conflicts . 
  thatcher was willing to cut the falklands loose and find some sort of `` face-saving compromise '' until admiral leach talked her out of it . 
  if anything the falklands showed the absurd weakness the rn had , and still had years later . 
  if the * ark royal * had been properly replaced there would have never been any doubt about victory , as it stands the rn only suffered so few casualties because the argies did n't set the fuses right to their bombs . 
  best anti-submarine weapons system is another sub , and the swedes have pretty good ones . 
  no doubt in my mind that there 's a swedish ssk parked outside the archipelago waiting for the russian sub to exit , if for no other reason than to confirm that it 's there . 
  hardly `` irrelevant '' , you said the relationship was incredibly lopsided . 
  it is n't . 
  and the special relationship has been defined by defense related matters since the 50s . 
   on a side note , is n't the royal navy still a formidable fighting force ? 
  they have a great submarine force . 
  that 's the best you can say about it . 
  the rump-ijn that is the japanese martime defense force is bigger in tonnage ( which is a far more useful metric to compare capabilities than hull numbers ) . 
  the rns best surface warships are the type 45 destroyers , which are limited in capability ( `` fitted for , but not with land attack weapons '' ) , and the much ballyhooed paams management system is n't that great a asset as the rn claims . 
  it ca n't inter operate with aegis ( over which there are over a hundred such ships in the usn , jmsdf , rokn , and spanish & norwegian navies ) , it is n't a mature system so who knows what bugs remain to be ironed out , and by deciding to be special snowflakes the upgrade path is very limited . 
  so , lots of problems with the rn . 
  they 're scheduled to commission two large carriers within a decade , but hmg nearly sold one off until the libyan operation occurred and revealed just how sorely they need a viable fleet air arm if they want to project power worth a damn . 
  that said , the uk will probably never order enough f-35s to fully equip a carrier deck over it 's lifetime , much less two . 
   does france has a decent navy too ? 
  at the moment the french have a navy that 's far better suited for power projection than the rns . 
  they run their carrier pretty hard , and have certainly gotten their money 's worth out of her . 
   there is hardly anything . 
  besides , you know , the british nuclear arsenal being totally dependent on us missiles we `` loan out '' to them with complete disregard for international treaties prohibiting such sales . 
  same goes for missiles like the tomahawk . 
  it 's hard to envision how the brits could justify sitting at the big boys table at the un without a american bankrolled nuclear deterrent . 
   we had enough trouble with japan hardly . 
  as bad as it might have seemed in 1942 , the economic preponderance we had over the japanese was truly staggering . 
  everyone knew this , even the japanese , which is why they pushed so hard initially hoping they could force us into calling it quits early . 
   the situation in europe was certainly not our business . 
  the germans were sinking ships off the eastern seaboard by that point . 
  by any stretch of the imagination it was `` our business '' . 
  from a international law standpoint , sweden would be well within it 's rights to do so within it 's borders/waters . 
  when the soviets shot down that korean airliner in the 80s , we howled about it but ultimately did nothing ( other than release gps to everyone ) because in all fairness it * had * strayed very close to soviet territory . 
  we sorta do . 
  it 's a open secret we sometimes ran exotic platforms to force the soviets to turn on various radar/sensor platforms , a lot of ufo sightings can be attributed to these exotic platforms in ages past . 
   do any nations `` test '' russias reaction times , [ sort of ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/specialaccess/comments/2gj3ec/no_bubba_its_not_aliens_we_fly_very_exotic/ ), 
   funny how the bbc knew about it so quickly is n't it ? 
  why is it so funny ? 
  you do n't think major news organizations monitor that sort of thing , or have listeners just send them links ? 
  the beeb is one of the biggest in the world for that sort of thing . 
   did this tweet `` go viral ?? 
  i never seen it !, 
  because you did n't see it it must not exist ? 
  maybe you did n't pay attention ? 
  i mean , you seem to be operating under the assumption that you do n't pay attention to stuff , therefore big news corporations do n't pay attention to stuff as well . 
   and anyone can set up a fake twitter account , especially if you know in advance that the plane will be shot down on that day . 
  why was n't the fake twitter account denounced until * after * it was shot down then , genius ? 
   why is the state apparatus of a former superpower apparently unable to understand this ? 
  there are a lot of law enforcement agencies of tier-1 countries that , to pick a example at not-very-random , wanted to take down all files on the internet relating to 3d printing guns , and were perturbed when it could n't be done . 
  a lot of agencies that should know how the internet works , do n't . 
   will the russian downing of the malaysian air 777 and the loss of almost three hundred innocent lives make a difference in russia 's war against ukraine ? 
  yes . 
  if putin has any sense , he will withdraw all his officers and intelligence agents from the scene . 
  i guess that did n't work out as the author thought it would . 
   is it treason to fight with an enemy army ? 
  most jurisdictions would consider it so , yes . 
   next time we will have drone fights !!, 
  [ finally , america has a time to shine in soccer ] ( http://images.fastcompany.com/upload/predator.jpg ), 
  in the past 15 years we 've gone from having 120k + troops ( a infantry division ) in europe to less than 50 thousand ( mostly staff officers and aviation ) . 
  if you had grown up in the cold war you 'd know that the days of us forces driving across farmers fields for exercises are long gone . 
  that you think the us has had a especially large footprint in recent years indicates how young and misinformed you are . 
  us military assets in europe are a pale shadow of their former selves ; unsurprising , as it costs the us taxpayer something like 5 times as much money to have personnel stationed in , say , germany over someplace like texas . 
  smug superiority over the imperialist , archaic empires of central and eastern europe . 
   ethnic self-determination well , if your complexion was white . 
  he certainly laughed off asian and african efforts at self-determination . 
   how could he manage this without a huge cognitivate dissonance ? 
  not that big of a case of it if he only meant `` white people '' when he talked about the suffrage movement and ethnic self-determination . 
  well , ww1 is often perceived as a good war as well in the us , or at least taught as such . 
  during ww1 the royal navy 's blockade of germany first strangled the war industry and then was expanded to include food and medicine . 
  the home front was quite a bit rougher for german civilians during ww1 than ww2 ( err ... other than the strategic bombing campaign ) . 
  after the * lusitania * was sunk the german ambassador to the us wrote a opinion piece in the new york times basically noting how americans get worked up over a few dozen kids killed instantly while traveling in a ship carrying ordnance but do n't care about the millions of german children slowly starving to death . 
  it was a fair point , but as you might imagine it went over like a fart in church in the american public . 
  american here . 
  woodrow wilson . 
  it 's a bit unpopular to say so since he was a wartime president during a `` good '' war , but he was pretty bad . 
  * he hammered on the german submarine campaign while ignoring the starvation blockade the rn was engaged in . 
  * he intervened overseas . 
  a lot . 
  he took the roosevelt corollary and ran it into the ground . 
  * he was exceedingly racist even by the standards of his time , and segregated the federal government . 
  * established a police state that bush or obama could only dream of in their wildest wet dreams . 
  it absolutely would be fdr , by a landslide . 
  i think it would be hard to find someone that would come within spitting distance of him , other than perhaps tr who was so popular he nearly took a election as a independent candidate and derailed the gop ( although i suppose he is just outside the 100yr mark ) . 
  in the second half of the 20th century ... i 'm going to say eisenhower . 
  he was so popular that when jfk came into office he had to be careful not to take any actions that would have been too disruptive to ike 's previous policy and might lead to him publicly slamming him . 
  depends on how you look at it . 
  he definitely leaned heavily towards faith-based charities , and he cut taxes in the middle of a war , but he also had the most expansion set of healthcare benefits put in place since the lbj administration ( medicare d ) , and , uh ... the pacific remote islands national monument ?
