  okay ... again , that is n't the lead . 
  the lead is that ** non-us ** nato ( this is an important distinction ) was running low on pgms . 
  which , they did . 
  and they ran low during a campaign that should not have been very taxing . 
  if there was a fight with russia , the european members would be up the creek if that 's how short their war stocks are . 
   for your information , this story is just false which story ? 
  concentrating on the `` bricks '' comment indicates you 're missing the more important part of the post . 
  the non-us nato members [ absolutely ran out of munitions ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html ) over libya . 
  and that was after the us had flattened the air defense of the country using a handful of naval vessels and 4 harrier jets . 
  it was not a difficult campaign , but the european ( and canadian ) militaries struggled to maintain sortie rates and find the munitions for it . 
  and that 's just the stuff that actually blew stuff up . 
  the entire campaign relied almost 100 % on us provided comms , usn mpas were providing the lions share of maritime surveillance . 
  non-us nato had a grand total of 10 ( 3 short legged e-2s for the french aircraft carrier ) awacs and the usaf ended up providing most of the coverage since the europeans could n't figure out a way to come up with parts to maintain sortie rates . 
  it should have been a wake up call on the part of the european governments , but apparently russia can annex chunks of it 's neighbors and even that is n't enough . 
   how in hell is running out of bombs pacifist ? 
  ... serious ? 
  it indicates that you guys are n't taking defense spending seriously . 
  you have no warstocks to speak of . 
  you ran out of pgms against a 4th rate country whose air defense had been flattened for you by someone else . 
  they do everything right and they * still * ca n't avoid getting sent to formation !, 
  sounds like it 's good for bitcoin . 
  he was part of the local chicken-growers agricultural club . 
  they had a rivalry with the turkey breeders . 
  common mistake . 
  so ... still not something that helps ukraine ? 
  why ? 
  nearly everyone ( outside of russia ) already has sided with ukraine in the spat . 
  the only thing blowing up a civilian jetliner gets them is * maybe * a modest amount more hate for the rebels ( which is not the same thing as more sympathy for the ukrainians ) and the west ceasing what support they have given them if they found out it was all a false flag situation . 
  given how incredibly inept the ua has been thus far in this conflict , it seems to be pretty well beyond the opsec capabilities of them to shoot down a airliner and keeping their responsibility concealed . 
   would you be so kindly to provide evidence as to why the ukrainian army is not to be considered suspect ? 
  because the rebels did n't have any aircraft that fly at that sort of speed and altitude , so it would be beyond bonkers for the ukranian military to see something flying ( on a easterly direction ) and assume it 's a rebel transport aircraft . 
   rearm and what nuke their own citizens ? 
  moscow ? 
  nukes wo n't change the outcome for the better and would have never prevented this conflict in the first place . 
  you think russia would have wanted to trade moscow for crimea or the novorossiya region ? 
   the raf is providing air defence with typhoons regularly escorting russian planes home . 
  ... where ? 
  you mean off the coast of scotland ? 
  that does n't do anything for ukraine . 
  even helping someone like romania with intercepts does n't do anything for ukraine . 
   this conflict has little to do with us . 
  arming ukraine in a huge scale would be high risk , little reward . 
  more importantly , the ua has some fairly fundamental problems that ca n't be solved with `` just give them a crapload of m-16s '' . 
  i think i read somewhere in this sub that 15 % of all ukrainian servicemen have tb , for example . 
  that 's absurd . 
   russia could pull a similar stunt in one of the baltic nations , like they did in georgia and ukraine . 
  they could , but there 's a fairly fundamental difference between the political situations with the baltics and ukraine/georgia . 
   then , to cripple the german economy ( and therefore cripple the military power indirectly ) we had to make a quick decision , we chose : let 's throw quintillions of bomb on the target , one will likely hit it . 
  which is still different from targeting * civilians * . 
  no one seriously thinks the red army shelling the holy hell out of berlin before the battle was `` targeting civilians '' , for example . 
  it was considered needed to erode the german defenses , but they were n't just shelling the city for the heck of it . 
  oh yeah , dresden was skeevy as hell ( `` we are n't targeting the civilians !, 
  we 're targeting workers domiciles ! '' ), 
  but that was a raf bomber command show . 
  we just , uh , participated in it . 
   but simply using nukes in battle ? 
  why not ? 
  because once the taboo is broken it becomes a general nuclear exchange . 
  that 's it , all stop . 
  there is no such thing as a limited nuclear war . 
   usa did it in war with japan , aiming at civilians , and that was pretty effective . 
  * the us was not `` aiming at civilians '' . 
  the us , not once during ww2 , made it a policy to specifically bomb civilians . 
  from lemay 's own lips the area bombing campaign over japan was a result of the dispersal of japanese industry into private domiciles , not `` to target civilians '' . 
  * this is the same case today , none of the major nuclear powers ( to include russia ) target `` civilians '' . 
  they have a target list that will kill a lot of civilians as a result , but ultimately the goal of all those icbms and bombers is to conduct a successful strategic bombing campaign that only takes a few days instead of a few years . 
  * finally , it 's a poor thing to bring up because it ignores the context . 
  the context being that it was a ( nearly ) unlimited war . 
  if the russians and nato get locked into a nearly unlimited war , then yes , nukes are gon na fly . 
  russia can not hope to defeat nato conventionally unless somehow the us is removed from the table , so that leaves nukes . 
   if russia goes to war with some small country and drops a nuke or two on its armies , do you think the world would suddenly trigger all their nukes and self-destruct yes . 
  absolutely . 
  russia in that scenario has shown that it 's willing to use nukes even when it is not facing some existential threat . 
  no one is going to think that a country that `` only '' uses one or two nukes in an otherwise limited war is planning on keeping it that way . 
  the russian government would have gone completely off the reservation if it did that , and no one would think that more would n't be flying shortly . 
  i 'll say it again , * limited nuclear wars do not exist * . 
   it would open a huge can of worms , but wo n't lead to mad . 
  mad is n't a real thing , at this stage russia can best hope that it can cause the us and european nato to write off a few major cities while they are on the receiving end of a nation-ending strike . 
  in the scenario you created , the us , uk , and france would all be sorely tempted launch a first strike if russia starts randomly dropping nukes on small countries . 
  russia 's arsenal is no longer what it was even 20 years ago , it can not weather a first strike and still have a substantially survivable deterrent . 
  given that russia just launched a first strike on someone who is not a threat to it , the us is going to pick eating 20 million dead americans over 160 million dead americans any day of the week . 
   are you willing to call their bluff when millions of lives are on the line ? 
  what scenario do you envision where a nuclear exchange happens ? 
  serious question . 
  because , the only way that the russians are gon na start throwing nukes around is if they think * they * are under attack . 
  neither the us nor the european members of nato are going to start a war of aggression ( no matter what the current crop of gop presidential candidates think ) against russia . 
  that leaves some sort of accidental misinterpretation of early warning radar/satellites ... which is n't any different from 5 years ago . 
   or a horse !, 
  the gop warned me that this would happen . 
  man , if you think using the word `` whine '' to describe complaints about sanctions that are largely the fault of the russian people is lacking in manners ... ... you must not have been on the internet very long , huh ? 
   the reason i keep talking about sanctions is that the entire thread is about sanctions and as everyone here points out , russia got to this point because the government ( which seems to be supported by the population ) thought it was a-okay to go around biting off chunks of it 's neighbors . 
  so it 's a bit disingenuous to whine about the west implementing sanctions . 
  you keep on bringing up sanctions as if ... what ? 
  the west is a collection of assholes who are levying sanctions just to be assholes against the poorest members of russian society ? 
   instead of the people that are directly responsible . 
  you mean the folks who have persistently supported the putin government 's actions in ukraine ? 
  those people ? 
  drones are expensive , and honestly , are not that commonly used outside of very large militaries . 
  the most effective uavs are the ones that use satellite communications rather than local uhf control . 
  further , even in those militaries with widespread drone use the personnel related to uav operations remain a tiny percentage of the military totals .
