  what parts are swappable with a g36 ? 
  where are you steadying it for 30 minutes and not in a prone/modified indian seat position ? 
  both positions are also very awkward for bullpups compared to traditional rifles . 
  lighter rifles are nice because it 's less weight to carry around . 
  but lighter rifles also mean more felt recoil , which actually * does * tend to negatively affect accuracy and precision . 
  and the action also affects felt recoil , piston guns ( tavors , augs ) tend to have more felt recoil than di guns ( ar platform ) and blowback guns ( famas ) are very snappy compared to both piston and di guns . 
  it probably was n't mature enough to be a serious contender . 
  the main advantage is overall length , and that 's really the limit of the advantage . 
  yes , being ass heavy can be good for shooting positions simply because the fore end can be held more stable . 
  that makes it popular with civilian shooters , my so loves the tavor precisely because of that . 
  but generally speaking , anyone that can pass a western military pfa is n't going to have a lot of trouble steadying a traditional rifle . 
  so we 're back to the primary advantage of a bullpup is oal . 
  given how bullpup users are mostly tossing the layout , it 's a pretty good indication that nearly everyone agrees the length advantage does n't outweigh the negatives . 
  charging handle between the two are significantly different , and 416 pistons are smaller than g36 pistons . 
  the `` same system as a g36 '' is a bit of internet lore/hk marketing . 
  they are both piston rifles , but it really is a stretch to say they use the same piston . 
  it 's a bit like saying that a scar uses the same system as a ar-18 , the principle is the same but it is n't really the same system . 
  i have a tavor and a ar-15 . 
  i like both . 
  but ... by nearly any measure the ar-15 is much easier to shoot , better balanced , better trigger , better manual for arms , etc. 
  well ... bullpups have a lot of negatives compared to traditional rifles . 
  the triggers ten to be awful , and ergonomically it 's more difficult to swap magazines compared to traditional rifles . 
  you tend to get a lot more blowback with suppressors attached than wiyh traditional rifles as well . 
  the main advantage of a bullpup is for room clearing , although that presents additional problems as well . 
  if you swap shoulders while slicing the pie you may get ripped up cheek if you have to fire . 
  israel is one of the few countries that has transitioned to bullpups in the past two decades and that 's because 90 % of their military activity has been in urban areas . 
  for most countries the disadvantages have been such that they switched from bullpups to traditional rifles . 
  strictly speaking he 's wrong , 416s * are * ar derivatives . 
  many of the lower parts are interchangeable . 
  it 's the upper , the action , that is different . 
   are you sure ? 
  as far as i know germany decided to phase out the g36 . 
  i think that 's a rfi , not a request for bids . 
  that 's essentially meaningless , the us military does that every few years and always sticks with the m4/m -16 . 
  it 's just a negotiating tactic with their main supplier . 
  and only used by the fn , the vast majority famas rifles are n't the g2 . 
  well , all the other rifles would have had the same problem . 
  at least there are enough 416 users out there that in 10 years or so when the patents run out there will be a large support market . 
   edit i ca n't find a confirmation in french ; so i 'm not so sure it has been chosen , yet . 
  there 's a link to a french site in the linked op story , but it 's `` reportedly '' at this point , so take that with a grain of salt . 
   is n't this a gun that the actual german army did n't want ? 
  or are they just happy with the g36 . 
  it is n't easy and cheap to replace a service rifle , and the german government is unwilling to spend any amount of money on defense , much less money on a rifle replacement when a new one was issued in the mid 90s . 
  the hk416 came out of an american contract for socom . 
  so , as i said , no domestic rifle that was considered . 
  i knew that in the past year the french had narrowed the competition to the hk416 and fn scar , but was n't sure what the original contestants were . 
  i 'm mildly surprised that an american firm did n't pitch a ar platform derivative , given the number of middling and large manufacturers here who make them . 
  lwrc has chased saudi contracts with their piston ars , for goodness sake . 
  happy cake day, 
   this video was on r/france recently . 
  / u/forgottenweapons , the owner/operator fo that youtube channel , posts in / r/guns frequently . 
  he might have something to add to that . 
  wiki says that the famas uses delayed blowback , which is pretty odd for a rifle . 
  most service rifles either use something like a piston ( think the ak , hk416 , fn scar ) action or a direct impingement ( just blast the gas into a catch on the bolt carrier group that pushes it back , like in a m-16 ) . 
  blowback firearms also tend to be substantially less accurate than gas/piston and di firearms , it 's why so-called `` saturday night specials '' in the us tend to be blowback guns . 
  they are very simple but also cheap . 
  the phrase `` minor injury '' is used to describe what happens when brass ammo is used in a famas , albeit that 's fairly infrequent . 
  most service rifle malfunctions do n't cause `` minor injuries '' though , which is pretty distressing to hear that phrasing as a reason not to use a common type of ammo . 
   which is a shame , the famas is iconic . 
  yeah , but as a gun it 's kinda crappy . 
  the bullpup means a weird manual of arms . 
  the elevated `` carry handle '' means you have to correct a lot more when lining up the sights . 
  it does n't use the same 5.56 nato that everyone else uses ( seriously , go look it up , it has to use a weird steel cased ammo ) . 
  i bet they are just going to license build them . 
  i believe that there was n't even a domestic rifle under consideration . 
  i could n't say . 
  no , it still does n't make sense . 
  it literally is encouraging self-segregation . 
  and , you know , that 's okay , bit let 's not pretend it 's encouraging women to join in with the community ... unless , of course , they are being * really * specific with `` the community '' . 
  it was written to include the victors of ww2 ... and to this day those 5 , far and away , are also the ones most able to intervene overseas . 
  if there are some binding resolutions out there , it makes sense that the guys who will be enforcing it are also the ones who have the most say . 
  is for horses , you 're an ass : v, 
  i was thinkin ' japan , brazil , or india . 
  interrogative , if you guys got rid of trident , what would be your response to people who say someone else should take the uk 's place on the security council ? 
  so are you intentionally ignoring the benefits part or what ? 
  and training in the bendeswehr would have the added benefit of actually generating job experience and getting the entry level position out of the way in your career path . 
  so , as i said , * increase benefits * in addition to increase training . 
  it 's what the us dod does when it has recruitment and retention problems . 
  the end result is that the american uniformed services have more formal education than the general population . 
  and not all training is `` shooting at people '' , i mean german comms people are so bad that they could n't provide a definition to `` radio frequency '' if you asked them . 
  wait wait hold on . 
  are you seriously saying europe does n't have to worry about other global hot spots , but russia does ? 
  that does n't answer why the * navy * should have a base there , as opposed to the coast guard . 
  the cg is entrusted with protection if our eez , not the usn . 
   the european nato allies outspend russia , the only possible threat , just three times . 
  pathetic . 
  that is n't as great as you think , considering that russia is n't facing * one * military that outspends it , but 25 . 
  yee-ha . 
  there surely are n't any negative repercussions dividing the total european-nato spending by 25 , often unevenly , with massive duplication of things like staff positions , intel , etc. 
  and that does n't even a address the possibility that some of those member countries , in a war , might decide to sit it out anyway . 
   here are not enough people that want to be soldiers so increase benefits and training . 
  the bundeswehr is notoriously crappy with both . 
  the amount of training in the field is hilariously small compared to the english and french speakers . 
   he started counting some military pensions as defence spending to boost the number . 
  a huge amount of us dod spending is pensions as well . 
  if you * combine * the va and dod , it gets even more massive . 
   frankly , the us is pretty damned far behind in that respect , too and really needs a naval base on the northern coast of alaska . 
  why ? 
  why would the americans have ships along canada 's arctic coast ? 
  place for the civil government to continue to function during a disaster/nuclear war .
