you should have seen him trying to defend ron paul 's racist newsletters on his message board back in 2008 . 
  he has a amazing case of cognitive dissonance . 
  does n't mean his history podcasts are n't enjoyable though . 
  he repeatably calls himself a `` martian '' and avoids trying to be identified as a liberal or conservative . 
  but he 's a paleoconservative/libertarian . 
  you might be the only person to call dan carlin a `` leftwing commentator '' . 
  dudes a huge fan of ron paul and despite claims of '' being a martian '' politically , he has a strong libertarian streak ( unless its something * he * wants to spend money on ) . 
  nah , close to 10 years ago . 
  maybe 10-11 years ago . 
  i was in the navy at the time . 
  it was actually during a major baltic exercise so it would have been pretty easy to just back out and leave early without making a fuss . 
  yeah , the usn is all about leaving a few days early and telling the host country `` its because you are all a bunch of racist fucks '' in a public forum . 
  i have never heard anyone call europeans racist because they call turks turks , black blacks , etc. 
  however , not a week goes by in this sub when some cringe-inducing thread about the roma or asylum-seekers is created . 
  from a personal standpoint , i had a navy buddy whose ship made a port call in finland and they had to leave early because some locals were harassing black sailors . 
  i 'm not saying that europe is especially racist , but no one doubts that individuals making comments about `` urban youths '' and `` melanin enriched individuals '' in american centric threads are being racist , but comments about the roma and asylum-seekers seem to be a-okay in this sub . 
  if it is n't relevant to being able to fight and win wars ( specifically , the sort of wars they are expecting to fight ) why bring it up ? 
  the russian navy was a joke when it was the soviet navy in the late 80s . 
  even when it was brand new tugs followed their carrier around where ever it went . 
   the average age of their fleet is 27 years . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks russia is banking on winning or losing a war with their navy . 
   do you really think a backstabbing attack on an ally do you really think that anyone could have reasonably called ukraine a russian ally after the pro-russian government was literally run out of town ? 
   who did n't see it coming is a great military accomplishment ? 
  `` who could have possibly seen it coming , it is n't like russia had n't had a recent history of biting off chunks of it 's immediate neighbors '' . 
   aka nato ? 
  nope . 
  chain of command is only wartime ( something largely theoretical , i might add , because who knows how a member country might react to being ordered to send troops somewhere if they do n't want it ) , and it certainly is n't one logistics or intelligence agency . 
  my `` not a few dozen '' still stands . 
   what are the reasonably impressive operations you speak of ? 
  seizing a chunk of land the size of belgium in less than a day and presenting ukraine with a fait accompli was pretty impressive . 
  they rolled georgia ( who the us had spent some time training and equipping ) while never having local ground superiority in numbers . 
  typically , that 's very dicey for the attackers and they managed to meet all their political aims of the war fairly quickly . 
   you say that european countries are coasting on their cold war fat . 
  russia has only recently started to modernize its military . 
  a lot of russia 's equipment is n't exactly new either . 
  * like i said , russia has managed to resuscitate their bomber force ( they actually started doing this over 10 years ago when bush did a crash development for missile defense ) , and they 've continued to produce war material in numbers that the europeans really have n't ( at least , for army related stuff ) . 
  * russia had a lot more cold war fat to coast on . 
   i agree that european defense is being hollowed out , but i also think you are giving russia 's military way too much credit . 
  well , i was trying to say with the last few sentences that perception matters as much as ability , and many europeans are cultivating the perception ( at least on this side of the pond ) that they do n't take defense seriously , but russia is . 
  as a result , russia may think it can get away with more than it really can . 
  hope so . 
  if i were picking the rifle though , i would n't pick the hk416 myself . 
  hk likes to really overcharge on the basis of how they put special german space magic in all their guns , for only a marginal improvement in performance . 
   the famas g2 ( standard for the navy now ) only fires stanag 5.56 mm i 'm aware that it 's chambered in 5.56 nato . 
  the problem is that the famas [ only eats steel-cased ammo . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/famas#ammunition ) everyone else uses brass-cased ammo ( although the m-16 platform can use both ) . 
  i 've literally never heard of this stereotype before . 
  it makes me think your battle-buddies may be projecting on you . 
  many of the european countries have large east asian minorities , especially in big cities . 
  it is n't a big concern . 
  even in countries that are perceived as having immense nationalistic pride ( france ) east asians have reached cabinet-level positions , for instance . 
   lastly , i do know this is very silly questiom but are there any ways to look more western via plastic surgery or makeup ? 
  people will think you 're a loon if you do that . 
  both in north america and europe . 
   that 's the reason we have military alliances , rather than having each country deal with its own security . 
  there 's no way any individual country in europe is going to match russia 's military power without screwing up their budget for years to come , which is pretty much out of the question . 
  lining up a bunch of chronically under maintained and under supplied militaries as one fighting force does n't suddenly make them one big fighting force ... it 's still a bunch of chronically under supplied and maintained militaries . 
  the biggest economy on the continent ca n't keep anything approaching a reasonable percentage of it 's air assets [ operational ] ( http://www.armedforces-int.com/news/report-shortfalls-ground-germanys-aircraft.html ) ( although the german ministry disputed the number and said `` no , most of the non-functional aircraft are the ground because of maintenance , not because of things breaking '' as if a lack of parts for routine maintenance was * better * ) . 
  the uk ( and others ) had trouble finding munitions for libya less than [ three weeks in ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html ) and that was against a third-rate disintegrating country whose air defense network had been flattened by the us . 
  that does n't bode well for being able to fight against someone who could actually fight back ( like , say , russia ) . 
  that same article also mentioned the difficulties the european nato countries were having scrounging up a additional 10 warplanes , which makes me suspect that germany is not unique in having a huge part of it 's air force grounded due to lack of parts . 
  what i 'm saying is a bunch of militaries in dubious material condition do not magically become super strong in aggregate . 
  do n't act as if combined , a bunch of countries that do n't have parts to operate match one large country that does . 
   if europe ( or rather nato ) is really afraid of tensions with russia escalating into a real conflict , then they should work on solving any command chain and logistics issues standing in the way of making effective use of the ( very generous ) funding they 're already receiving . 
  good luck with that . 
  i 'm being completely serious . 
  nato spent 60 years working towards standardization and we still have major countries ( france ) that ca n't use the same damn rifle ammo that others can . 
  as it is a big part of the problem with munitions over libya is that some of the typhoons could n't use american pgms , so even though there was a massive warstock of the things sitting in germany they could have been rocks as useful as they were . 
  logistics cohesiveness is largely a pipe dream unless it 's one country coordinating with it 's own separate service branches . 
  the europeans ca n't even agree on who gets what percentage of work for damn cargo airplanes ( or the typhoon ) , and britain & france both have a history of taking their ball and going home with regards to joint acquisition projects . 
   oh for gods sake , our joint military spending dwarfs theirs , and has for a long time now you say that like its exactly the same as being one country with one chain of command , intelligence agency , logistics agency , etc , and not a few dozen . 
   you also say north american countries in your other comment but canada is also below the 2 % true , but i 'd argue that given how integrated the us is with canada regarding air defense of north america , there 's certainly a feeling here that a `` pass '' can be given . 
  that is , canada is contributing in a rather significant non-monetary way , there 's no doubt about their commitment to the common defense ( which in any event is the point of the 2 % number ) . 
   can you link me to some papers or articles that show the russian adm being able to negate 99 % of the eu 's nuclear arsenal ? 
  they would n't have to negate `` 99 % of the eu 's nuclear arsenal '' , only whatever was on the 2 ( 1 french , 1 british ) ssbns on patrol . 
  as it stands , even in the 70s the british were so concerned about the moscow abm system that they accepted a `` virtual attrition '' by [ removing warheads and replacing them with chevaline ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chevaline ) . 
  if russia has the theoretical maximum number of abm-missiles deployed around moscow as allowed by the abm treaty ( 100 ) then they have plenty to deal with [ 16 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vanguard-class_submarine ) x [ 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triomphant-class_submarine ) missiles . 
  especially given attrition ( not all of them will make it there without a mechanical failure ) and russia getting around the skin-to-skin problems the us has had by not giving a shit about using nuclear warheads in proximity to the incomings . 
   however , we simply have no need to go into a perpetual war state like america believe it or not , i did n't recommend it , and as far as i can tell , no fellow with a little american flag next to his name did either . 
  the agreement was for 2 % of the gdp ( which is a little less than half of the case with the us , the gap grows bigger if you count the va in defense spending but most americans do n't for some reason ) for nato member countries . 
  hardly `` perpetual war '' . 
   impressive military there 's `` impressive '' and `` doing the bare minimum to maintain existing assets '' , which , again , many european nato members are n't bothering to do . 
  germany in particular seems more than happy to have a military that is n't operational and to fight to the last pole . 
   attacking the eu would be suicide for russia ( mutual suicide ) . 
  how do you figure ? 
  the eu is going to use it 's massive nuclear arsenal to ... what ? 
  get one or two missiles through the moscow adm system ? 
   the increase in posts here about russian planes ** flying the same way they have for years now ** is simply sabre rattling from the scared and the war hawks . 
  not the same way . 
  even [ several months ago ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/russia-increasing-flights-over-pacific-us-says-1580433 ) russia had increased these sorts of flights , not just in europe but in the pacific as well . 
  this combined with the ongoing trainwreck in ukraine , the suspected violation of sweden 's territorial integrity is what is finally waking people up to the idea that maybe they need a better way to secure their countries then the past 25 years of defense budgets in free-fall . 
   true and that 's a factor i did not consider but the american chap up there and his post makes it seem like the eu states are sharpening sticks in comparison to the great danger that is russia . 
  at the individual level , you are . 
  you can have the biggest air force on the planet , it does n't mean anything if you do n't have the parts to keep them flying . 
  a bunch of under maintained and supplied militaries put together does n't make one great fighting force , it makes one giant under maintained and undersupplied fighting force . 
   the huge difference in spending ca n't possibly be on wages alone . 
  why not ? 
  personnel costs are the driver for all western militaries . 
  ppp puts the chinese military [ very close to america 's ] ( http://blog.usni.org/2013/08/20/chinas-defense-budget-getting-fatter-on-the-big-mac-index ) in spending , for instance . 
  i think you might mean uk , greece and turkey :p france , poland , and estonia are all very close to the mark though .
