   change in the middle east must come form within . 
  i dunno , the allies did a pretty good job of substantially changing japanese culture at the end of ww2 . 
  not advocating nuking and firebombing major cities with a large occupation army ... but is there a reason * why * external forces ca n't force change ? 
   mostly useless response . 
  the next attackers are most likely in some french banlieu planning the next attack not in syria . 
  lot more effective if you have people in the middle east helping smuggle guns in . 
  destroying that network goes a long way in limiting the damage future attacks can do . 
  what , in syria ? 
  the scw started when chunks of the syrian army decided that they could n't stomach shooting up unarmed protestors anymore and turned on the regime . 
  for a variety of reasons the us and europe decided against intervening , and it took isis ( which gained power because of the civil war in syria ) marching on baghdad to elicit a us reaction . 
   just launching a bombing run because we are angry . 
  no plan , no nothing . 
  come on . 
  the cdg was announced to leave port on the 5th ( before the attacks ) to head out for airstrikes this week . 
  a two week go from announced deployment to deployment is very quick for carriers , which has led some to speculate that the deployment was originally to * disrupt * a suspected isis-run terrorist attack . 
  it 's safe to say that france already had a list of targets , so claiming that there 's `` no plan , no nothing '' is more than a little misleading . 
  how do you figure ? 
   `` public transportation is for poor people '' . 
  like in asia , in most of the eu you see both suits and rags in the bus , tram , metro and train . 
  this varies wildly from city/region . 
  dc and nyc ( the two biggest by volume in the us ) , for example , have a lot of middle/upper middle class people use mass transit . 
  yeah , some guy in texas might sneer at mass transit , but essentially any place that has very dense population centers ... or at least dense work destinations has widespread use of mass transit . 
  only in france they remain , the rest of the eu does either cash or card . 
  they are n't common in the us at all , so i do n't know why you think it is . 
  only old people really use them . 
  my apartment complex does because they have n't updated their financial software since the mid 90s . 
   the number of syrian refugees has risen drastically since isis entered syrias last summer , they definitely have had a tangible effect on the crisis . 
  isis has actually been in syria for longer than past summer , and i 'd argue that the only affect they 've had is that they 've expanded into iraq and overtaken the previous sunni insurgency as the primary threat to the iraqi regime . 
  but what has happened is that asad has started to get more weapons and supplies from iran and russia in an attempt to bring the civil war to a finish , while the gcc states have similarly increased funding to opposition forces . 
  so the intensity of the fighting has picked up after a pause when the syrian army started to run low on munitions & personnel thanks to a third of them defecting to the fsa . 
   isis is the main source of refugees , most of the refugees are n't coming from isis controlled areas , so that 's a negative . 
  it does , however , sound much better from a pr standpoint than `` we 're just running because our apartment building has been blown to shit '' . 
   isis was created accidentally by the west . 
  no , it was n't . 
  [ it 's origins predate the 2003 invasion of iraq ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_state_of_iraq_and_the_levant#foundation.2c_1999.e2.80.932006 ) . 
  you might say it 's * stronger * now then it would have been , since the iraqi state is so weak , but we did n't create it accidentally or otherwise . 
  and it still would have just been hanging out on the syrian side of the border , possibly with overt help from the hussein regime because he hates himself some iranian puppets ( the asad regime ) . 
   destabilizing iraq was absolutely europe 's ( and america 's ) responsibility . 
  ... destabilizing iraq did n't cause the syrian civil war . 
  the arab spring ( which was aided because of the wide proliferation of modern telecommunications and social media , and instigated by things like grain prices ) did . 
  the syrian army deciding that it could n't stomach gunning down unarmed protestors anymore is what the catalyst was . 
  do you think that the libyan civil war started because iraq was destabilized ? 
  serious question . 
  what about the yemeni civil war ? 
   isis was only able to blossom because of the iraq war . 
  isis was not the cause of the syrian civil war , or even the main reason it 's continuing . 
  they control the most rural , least populated parts of the country while most of the fighting is going on in the urbanized west between the fsa umbrella group and the asad regime . 
  cowboy action shooting !, 
  apparently me describing it enthusiastically to the gf was * way * more off putting than seeing my multiple ars and ak for the first time . 
  well ... if you have 20 grand lying around ... yeah . 
  but otherwise , no . 
  machine guns are as rare as teeth on a hen in the us . 
  sucks that you ca n't buy a m1 garand . 
  in the us the federal government will * sell * you one . 
  you 're limited to buying ar-15s in semi auto only in the states as well , although some jurisdictions ( ny , dc , chicago ) ban even those . 
  only way to legally acquire a select fire ar-15 in the us is to be very wealthy . 
   we are talking about muggers and petty thieves who do n't want to die or go to jail . 
  they do n't want to go to jail , but that is not the same thing as `` they think they ca n't do so without ending up in jail or dying '' . 
  one guy with a holstered firearm is not as big a threat as you seem to think it is . 
  like i said , nothing is really stopping them from running up and tagging someone in the head unless they screw up by the numbers . 
   you are obsessed with this `` grey man '' is the only option mentality and ca n't accept that there are more than one solution to a given problem . 
  you did n't read my last post / u/mechesh , or you would know that i said open carry has it 's place in very narrow instances ( for example , deterring looters ) . 
  but that 's a far cry from being a good edc solution . 
  the us dod is the largest independent organization that employs people , but you might be right about china . 
   you brought up military training ... ever heard of `` show of force '' ? 
  yes . 
  and you know what ? 
  you need a lot more than one dude with his g19 to do `` show of force '' . 
  or are you doing a foot patrol with a fireteam ? 
  maybe you hang out in the front of your house with someone with you with your ar-15 slung while checking ids while the other guy has his at the low-ready . 
  if you 're by yourself open carrying does n't present a hard target , it presents a guy someone can run up and tag in the back of the head and get a free gun . 
   open carry can stop a crime before it happens . 
  yes , but only in very specific instances . 
  you and your buddies hanging out in front of your store in ferguson during the riots with each of you with a longarm ? 
  absolutely . 
  you walking down the street by yourself with your handgun holstered prominently ? 
  you do n't look like a hard target , you look like a `` free gun ! '' . 
  you prevent yourself as a hard target when when you have the means to back it up . 
  north of 99 % of the time that is not the case . 
  grey man is the way to go . 
   no , because i was a paratrooper and did n't carry an m9 , or any weapon in a holster . 
  soooo ... you * do n't * have an idea as to how much easier , if at all , having an pistol holster openly is compared to concealed if you need to use it . 
  spoil alert : it is n't too much easier . 
  certainly not worth drawing more attention to yourself . 
  biggest employer in the world is the us government ... 
   open carry means that the gun is loaded and ready in a holster . 
  no , it does n't . 
  it just means you 're carrying it openly . 
  that 's it . 
  all stop . 
  half these idiots do n't even carry in condition 2 . 
  ever do force protection training in the military ? 
  if so you 've done the `` guy charges can you pull your gun from the holster '' drill . 
  it 's very , very difficult to do . 
  again , the * only thing * open carrying does is attract attention . 
  it does not enhance your security anymore than conceal carrying does , and since it attracts attention it reduces it . 
   the gun culture guys would n't be trusting anyway so , you say that , but up until 1995 or so the nra ( the largest gun rights organization in the us ) was generally in favor of more restrictions . 
  then we had things like california confiscation of certain firearms , the author of the federal assault weapons ban saying she wished she could force a confiscation scheme , the nopd going door to door confiscating firearms using the city registry and in ny you now face harsher penalties possessing a previously legal 10 + round magazine than sex criminals do . 
  basically , up until about 20 years ago a lot of gun owners were of the `` reasonable restrictions '' and now it 's become clear that `` reasonable '' restrictions are n't the goal , but disarmament is . 
  as one of those gun owners , if you had asked me in 2012 if i wanted stricter laws i would have said yes .
