   complete waste of time . 
  i 'm all for having kids clear trails in national parks or forests . 
  in truth , our public lands tend to be greatly undersupported for even very basic stuff . 
  hell , i think they could be put to work picking up trash along the road , which used to be a common method of `` community service '' punishment ( not so much anymore ) . 
  my family is from texas with some mexican heritage . 
  in mexico they have a saying : `` pity poor mexico , so far from god and so close to the united states '' . 
  honestly , i feel as if some of your neighbors think the same way with your country :p, 
   czech president : migrants should be fighting isis , not ` invading ' europe they are n't leaving because they are afraid of isis , at least not most of them . 
  they are leaving to avoid the fighting in the urban western areas between the syrian army and the fsa . 
  quite a few have also said it was to avoid being drafted into either the fsa or syrian army . 
  isis has started to get talked up because apparently throwing gays off the roofs of buildings makes them more baddies than gassing civilians in the eyes of the west , and so they know what to use for pr . 
  they dropped them because of accuracy problems after persistent use . 
  and yeah , it gets pretty warm in virginia in the summer . 
  whatever you say killer . 
  sounds like a case of being unable to admit a rifle that was touted as world beating has serious problems . 
  the dc capitol police dropped the g36 for apparently the same reasons it 's getting panned with service in afghanistan . 
  not really too surprised that a mostly plastic rifle designed for fighting in northern europe is having problems with extreme heat . 
  it 's a good idea , but until drones become truly autonomous comms availability is the limiting factor . 
  i do n't think that germany has a lot of comms satellites out there , and in any event rpvs really only work in extremely permissive environments . 
  something that ca n't fight in an environment where someone can fight back may not be the best use of limited defense funds . 
  woof , man , the g-36 has gotten something a bad reputation in afghanistan . 
  you might want to check your intel . 
  the hk 416/417 family , however , is stellar . 
  yeah , it baffles the hell out of me you all decided to stick with the stovl model for a carrier bigger than any in the world besides american cvns . 
  really limits your options , notably your awacs is gon na suck . 
   that 's probably a bit expensive for germany 's liking , the a model ( the one most people will be using ) actually costs less than the rafale or the super hornets , unsurprising , as dual-engined aircraft tend to cost more than single engine ones . 
  besides it has a canadian engine and dutch helmet , what more do you want ? 
  ( yes i know canada is yurop ), 
  in the us , at least , a small percentage of guns used illegally are actually stolen ( although still in the double digits ) . 
  most are illegally bought with what are called `` straw purchases '' . 
  the feds typically do not go after straw purchasers and on the rare occasions a case does get to court it is [ hilariously bad ] ( http://www.jsonline.com/news/crime/milwaukee-man-to-be-sentenced-on-gun-fraud-charge-b99560011z1-322283481.html ) how much of a slap on the wrist it is . 
  the atf frequently claims that 5 % of the ffls are responsible for over half the illegal guns on the streets , but instead of conducting stings we get shit like fast and furious and entrapping the mentally retarded to pad their numbers . 
   yup , you 'll need an ffl , but those are n't restricted to military -- you can obtain one . 
  only if you 're planning on running a business , the atf does n't let just anyone get a ffl ( well , other than a c&r ... ) . 
  and then you can only purchase a post-86 machine gun if you have a letter from the cleo stating that it 's intended to be a `` demonstration model '' for , well , selling to local cops . 
   the rafale will benefit of the same `` stealth '' tech by satellite ( sigint ) cover very soon with ceres sats and rafale are ready for upgrade . 
  unless they invent a cloaking device , a rafale will never be as stealthy as a f-22 . 
  shape and materials are what determine rcs , and the rafale just is n't able to meet those requirements . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by sigint , you mean narrow band directed transmissions to reduce rf emissions ? 
  you need a lot of work to go into that , and probably a larger constellation that what france has for that sort of stuff , now or in the future . 
  to put this in perspective , in 2004 we had video teleconferencing on usn vessels that could speak to someone in hawaii from the indian ocean , while the fn vessel in our area could only communicate with home base with very low bandwith communications not too different from what they had in the late cold war . 
  the french have probably gotten some comms improvements since then , but then , so have we . 
   http://thefederalist.com/2015/12/08/how-the-left-created-donald-trump/ some guy whining about progressives not giving a shit about transgendered people is n't really a compelling argument that the left created trump . 
  way too far to operate from . 
  the uk has promised using the sovereign base territory in cyprus for coalition efforts , so if turkey wo n't allow germany to fly out i figure cyprus would be the place . 
  it was n't a few , it was two different ships . 
  and deploying without a functioning surface search is a spectacular fuck up on their part . 
  that is n't something that `` just happens '' . 
  that indicates a pretty fundamental problem with the rn , either with culture or funding or both . 
  the cvfs are theoretically better , of course : * they are n't nuclear * are n't going to be carrying a awacs worth a damn . 
  but that is n't the point . 
  the point is that the french tend to set sail with assets that more accurately reflect their paper strength than the british do . 
  total numbers do n't matter if you do n't maintain stuff worth a crap . 
   if a cvf routinely deploys with 40 british f-35bs i will eat a fucking hat . 
  do n't recall saying combined . 
  but yeah , given how the last ten years or so of service with joint force harrier turned out with 3 cvls ... i absolutely predict that we will not see routine rn deployments of a cvf with 40 british f-35bs on them . 
  hell , right now the rn is fighting like mad to make sure the treasury does n't slice funds for the trident replacement out of their budget . 
  in the past ssbns and their systems were always funded independent of rn funding , call it 50/50 that wo n't be the case in the future . 
  they just deployed with : 18 rafales 8 super \u00c9tendards 2 e-2s and 4 helicopters , not counting those attached to escorts . 
  and the cdg was commissioned in 2001 , a bit of a stretch to call it `` cold war era '' . 
   they will have 138 aircraft to fly on two brand new carriers they * claim * they will . 
  at one point joint force harrier had well over that , did n't stop any of the cvls from setting sail with only 3 or 4 airframes . 
  the f-35b numbers for the mod , like the typhoon numbers , are buying many more than will be actually deployed . 
  the mod 's plan for spares is to buy extra aircraft to either use for attrition or strip for parts . 
  this is not a healthy maintenance plan and would n't fly ( huehue ) in many other western militaries . 
  if a cvf routinely deploys with 40 * british * f-35bs i will eat a fucking hat . 
  yeeaahhh ... up until libya they were gon na sell one of them , and if you think either one will ever set sail with more than a dozen f-35s i have a bridge to sale you in brooklyn . 
  there 's a reason why the rn is making noise about routinely embarking * american * f-35bs on them . 
  i am not confident in the longterm health of the cvf program . 
   in one particular instance i had to work with a guy from the rn in a civilian context . 
  one instance on deployment we had a dhow in the middle of the indian ocean transmit a satellite phone . 
  this was highly suspicious , and we saw that a rn frigate was nearby and asked them to check it out . 
  they said `` no , we do n't have permission to stop and search '' ( they actually did ) . 
  we said , fine , we 'll head on over , can you just keep an eye on them ? 
  the british vessel spent all damn night following the dhow only a few miles away , the owners got scared and ran for omani waters . 
  we later found out that they had deployed without a working surface search radar which was why they were sticking so close . 
  incredible . 
  later on on deployment we got another ding with a satellite phone from a dhow . 
  we asked a ( different ) british vessel to check up on them . 
  we got a negative from them as well . 
  we steamed all night , got there , boarded the ship and found $ 100mil + of drugs on it . 
  the british ship moseyed on over and asked if we needed help offloading the drugs . 
  they sent some guys over who posed with the massive pile of drugs on the deck of the dhow , then got back on their rhib and went back over to their ship . 
  they did n't help at all . 
  can you tell that i am not impressed with her majesty 's finest ? 
  uk : * one system for nuclear weapons * no carriers * ran out of pgms a month into the operations over libya and had to borrow/buy some from the us and german war stocks . 
  france : * multiple nuclear delivery systems * one conventional aircraft carrier * did n't run out of pgms over libya . 
  personal anecdote ahoy : during my deployment i interacted with several navies , and i was * far * more impressed with the professionalism of the fn than the rn . 
  only idiots think that . 
  * but * . 
  this article did not paint the french military in a positive light . 
  `` our strength is making due with what we have '' can be claimed with literally any military on the planet , including the us one . 
  it 's very bizarre and just a rah-rah sort of article . 
  i certainly would n't have mentioned not having enough airlift for medical evacuees during op\u00e9ration serval as if that were a good thing . 
  there 's one in the indian ocean . 
  if the us really needed a carrier on station , one would get there . 
  people forget that the us uses it 's carriers not just as a power projection tool , but also for diplomatic purposes . 
  typically there are are two carriers on deployment at a given time , but now there 's only one , and since turkey is letting us fly missions out of incilik against isis now there 's enough slack to have our carrier go off and train with other countries for diplomacy 's sake . 
  i think they finished doing a big exercise with the indians last month . 
  the cdg herself does n't carry anywhere near the punch of a usn carrier , so it is n't a very good replacement to slot in for one .
