  it 's annoying as all hell . 
   and europe isnt significantly involved in any other wars right now . 
  well , if you want the us to get european concurrence on overseas adventures , it 's a lot more compelling if the various euro countries bring something substantive to the table . 
  the point is that they were manufactured in greece , with greek workers , so it 's pretty ballsy to blame someone else for fabrication problems . 
  arabs are n't assyrians ... certainly assyrians do n't identify as such . 
   surely germany has some box cars left over ? 
  dude . 
  daesh were active in jordan before 2003 , and they only gained strength thanks to the syrian civil war . 
  it was n't the iraq invasion that made them what they are . 
  oh no there is n't . 
  daesh were operating in jordan before the invasion , and only gained strength * after * the syrian civil war allowed them access to undefended rural east syria . 
  the whole idea that the iraq invasion is what cause the situation is basically a `` muh feels '' . 
  yes he is . 
  there 's no way you can tie the syrian civil war to the invasion of iraq . 
   that 's not to say that iraq did n't cause the crisis , because it did no , it did n't . 
  the daesh were operating in jordan before the iraq invasion . 
  the syrian civil war was n't caused by the fall of saddam , it was caused by the arab spring and ( part of ) the syrian army refusing to gun down civilians . 
  the daesh/isis gained strength because of the syrian civil war and access to syrian villages in eastern syria away from government and fsa control , not because of the invasion of iraq . 
  i 've noticed a lot of europeans hopping on the `` blame america train '' without really thinking through what they 're saying . 
  which is why i said `` not precisely this '' . 
   are purely strategic bombers becoming irrelevant ? 
  nope . 
  for one thing , there is no such thing as `` purely '' strategic bombers . 
  american and russian ( and chinese ! ), 
  heavy bombers are frequently used tactically in addition to strategically . 
  for another , there 's something to be said for an aircraft that can fly very long distances with a lot of ordnance without relying as much on aerial refueling . 
   they 'd be incredibly vulnerable in any kind of conventional war ehhh ... depends . 
  neither the american , chinese , or russian non-stealthy bombers would be used in the traditional `` penetration '' role , at least not until air defenses had been knocked flat . 
  all three countries have long range standoff weaponry , in same cases in the many hundreds of miles range . 
  so you would n't see a b-52 flying over and letting loose bombs , they 'd fly to within a few hundred miles ( or more ) of the target and fire missiles , then turn and burn . 
  same with the russian fleet and the chinese h-6s . 
  the b-2 however is still considered a penetration bomber and is very survivable , the b-3 is also going to be a penetration bomber . 
   i am not aware of the us doing something like this . 
  the us does n't * precisely * do this , but we do fly intelligence aircraft near russian and chinese borders , which result in routine intercepts on their end . 
  [ this picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/54/chinese-j-11.jpg ) was taken from an american p-8 that was off the coast of china and was intercepted by a plaaf su-27 knockoff . 
  because if they actually do enter uk space it 's pretty humiliating , it shows that the uk ca n't perform air sovereignty missions . 
  cessna 's ca n't fly up to bomber heights . 
  also , who knows , a raf fighter might be able to fly up and see something new attached to the aircraft . 
  oh i get it you 're a troll . 
  georgia had * some * of their army in iraq , not `` the '' army . 
  and to reiterate , russia never had numerical superiority on the ground during the conflict . 
  if russian troops in theater never outnumbered georgian troops , then its pretty clear that much of this georgian army was still in country . 
  yeah , after flying the same route at the same altitude at the same tine for days on end . 
  not exactly a indictment of the f-117 if you know exactly where to shoot at it . 
  we do a pretty good job of testing stealth abilities against foreign sensors . 
  the soviets were pretty confident that they could identify the f-117 , right up until we breezed through a soviet-equipped air defense network without so much as a by-your-leave . 
  there 's a reason why so much wide open space in the american west is off limits ; because we have various acquired foreign systems that we use for testing . 
  kingdom of saudi arabia, 
  russia managed to beat the crap out of an american trained and equipped army in georgia in 2008 , while never having local ground superiority in numbers . 
  this does not bode well for extremely weak nato states like romania or bulgaria , for example . 
  while there really is n't any doubt in my mind that the average anglo-french fighting man is worth more than it 's russian equivalent , that 's a function of training and that applies to only a handful of countries in nato , the most powerful of which is across the ocean . 
  individually , most other nato countries are of far more dubious quality . 
   about the reagan bluff of the strategic defense initiative . 
  what bluff ? 
   the police force was stretched too thin , i 'm note sure that really follows , i 've heard that germany has more sworn leos per capita than the us does . 
   as a french , two of the worst examples are the first world war and the algerian conflict where conscripts were sent to fight , while i can buy the algerian conflict being of dubious ethical and moral value ... i ca n't really buy that for ww1 . 
  germany declared war first and invaded france , even if france started mobilizing first . 
   nobody even raised the question or anything . 
  in the us , only males have to register for the draft . 
  this was upheld in a court decision that said , basically , `` since females are n't permitted to perform combat roles , it 's okay to limit the draft to males '' . 
  in the past year the american dod basically opened up all combat roles to women if they otherwise qualify , so there 's been a lot of talk of making them register for the draft . 
   to you and all other supporters - if it is so great , why do n't you just go all in and join the army ? 
  he actually did thought . 
  fwiw , i did a term of enlistment in the usn . 
  i would n't trade it for the world , but it definitely was n't something i wanted to make a career out of . 
  you do n't think that / u/pussy69destroyerswag would make stuff up like , say , a teenager , do you ? 
  not really , because the war would n't be limited to whatever the chinese could put on those atolls . 
   this is n't the bloody 50s when low-value labor can be useful to the government . 
  man , of course it is . 
  maybe europe does n't have it , but there are plenty of public lands in the us that need work to maintain them , for instance . 
   should you ask older people in romania , for example , how they liked the forced ` voluntary ' crop-picking that was done by withdrawing kids from school-classes , and how much discipline it instilled into them do n't recall advocating being put to work in the * private * sector ( farming ) . 
  \\  roast beef kazenzakis \\  uhhh ... computer ... stufff \\  man what the hell that is a rude question, 
  do n't trust anything hersh writes . 
  he wrote a * very * conspiracy theory-laden article about the mission to take out obl awhile back . 
  if he said the sky was blue i would walk outside to double check . 
  dude peaked with my lai . 
   they have no navy though they , uh , they have enough of one to cause problems . 
  besides , any conflict with china would n't just be fighting the chinese navy , it would be fighting the chinese navy and air force , at the end of a fairly long logistics chain . 
  alberta is a lot like texas , except alberta has a more positive view of the united states government . 
  yes , but i 've yet to see a serious presidential candidate , meaning one who got one of the two party nominations , advocate leaving nato as a foreign policy . 
   but what is the point of all this ? 
  show you are putting something into society other than taxes ( which are forcibly extracted ) . 
  it might also instill discipline and humble people . 
  having the children of the 1 % having to have to go through it and interact with the lower social-economic strata would be good for them . 
  the `` well it would hinder their ability to be internationally competitive '' argument baffles the hell out of me . 
  switzerland , singapore , and israel are all examples of modern states with widespread conscription and are globally competitive . 
  why not ? 
   the people who 'd sign up for that would be on the less intelligent spectrum of the population yeesh , you 're jumping straight into the `` if you do n't have a college degree you 're a dumb worthless fuck '' end of the pool tonight , are n't you ? 
   talk about a race to the bottom . 
  probably not . 
  presumably if you 're smart you 'd sign up as well . 
  they are n't gon na send someone who tests well to go off and shovel shit , which you seem to be thinking would be the case . 
   kids are n't just some free resource to be tapped god damnit , all time you force them to do menial tasks like that , they could be getting education . 
  i actually * do not * favor conscription , either for the military or civil service . 
  but i am fairly enamored with the heinlein ideal of doing two years to get voting rights . 
  probably the in ability to form a unified foreign policy . 
  that would have to be resolved before it makes sense to have a federal military . 
  would finland be willing to send troops to the falklands ? 
  would germany be willing to send troops to new caledonia ? 
  probably not .
