   though the article mentions australia wants longer ranged subs well , if you take a look at the two ran bases the sub would be staged out of , you 'll see why they need to be exceptionally long range at high speed . 
  really , the australians need ssns for the sort of distances they are dealing with , but politically that 's dead in the water . 
  the germans do n't really have any experience with that sort of requirement . 
  yeah , you 're contorting as all heck to stick with that . 
  they are acting professional to each each other . 
  they are n't going over for dinner to each other 's houses , they are n't going out and partying , or dating each other 's sisters , or even just playing in the same clan in * battlefield * . 
  the absolute max you can equate is `` work acquaintances '' . 
  they are n't assholes while driving around ships with a helluva lot of firepower near each other . 
  again , not friendship . 
  i was a west coast sailor , and still have a lot of friends in . 
  professional courtesy is n't the same as `` they became friends '' . 
  my sea daddy joined the usn right at the end of the cold war he would say that '' the russians came so close you could throw a snickers at them '' . 
  just because they threw candy at each other did n't mean they were friends . 
  neither of those are utilized by su-24s , which was the point i was trying to make . 
   us , the uk , south korea , china , russia , pakistan and india are especially known for doing this kind of thing all the time ... no we do n't . 
  very few countries do this sort of thing . 
   for example , it 's a become so common in the south china sea that ship crews from the us and chinese destroyers have become friends ... let 's see a cite on that . 
   just imagine the russian navy doing an exercice in the north sea what , like , say , sending a bomber on an attack run to the british isles ? 
  want to know what a nato intercept looks like when a russian naval vessel transits close to a nato country in international waters ? 
  [ no crazy ivans ] ( http://cdn.warisboring.com/images/20140106-dfnd-with-kuzn-ras.jpg ) , no buzzing the ship , etc. 
  this is how professional organizations act . 
  meanwhile the russian armed forces act like the iranian revolutionary guards in the arabian gulf . 
  nuclear tlams have been withdrawn from the fleet since the george h.w. 
  bush administration . 
  i 'd say that , if the time period since they were last actually deployed has been long enough for someone to be born , grow up , join the navy , maintain said tomahawks , and leave at the end of a term of enlistment ... then it 's more than a little disingenuous to smugly go `` no they are nuclear capable '' . 
  it was a -24 , not a 27 ... 
   newsflash , those jets would attack with anti ship missiles from hundreds of kilometers away , what missiles would those jets shoot from `` hundreds of kilometers away '' ? 
   not overflying the ship and getting into range of every weapon system on board . 
  this was literally the case in the biggest naval war since ww2 , a-4s came in only a few meters off the deck and overflew rn vessels , releasing gravity bombs . 
  if for whatever the reason they do n't have the number of missiles on hand , they 'll do just that . 
   though i guarantee that destroyer is lighting them up like a christmas tree -- i was stationed on a cg . 
  we had similar incidents that did n't really make the news , except with countries other than russia . 
  no , the ddg was almost certainly ** not ** `` lighting them up like a christmas tree '' . 
  imagine for a moment you 're russia , china , or even iran . 
  you want to gather data on american naval weapons systems . 
  what 's the easiest way to do this ? 
  * espionage ? 
  * parking a intelligence ship outside a usn training area either in us territorial waters or very close ? 
  * try to induce a ship to illuminate targets in international waters , while you have a ship/aircraft with collections equipment nearby ? 
  the su-24s in question almost certainly had collections gear in them . 
  it would have been very beneficial to the russians if we had lit them up . 
  which is why we did n't . 
  i 'm not sure that anyone counts non-resident refugees , often in camps , towards the unemployment rate . 
  in fact , the high unemployment rate means it is more difficult for turkish * citizens * to get jobs . 
  smaller countries like the balts are somewhat limited in how big of military , and more importantly , how much maintenance and support they give it . 
  yes , it would be nice if lithuania could put up , say , a armored division . 
  but the demographics argue against it . 
  things like mraps ( which we have given away rather freely since the drawdown in iraq ) are really at the limit of what they can afford to operate and man . 
  which world wars did they fight against the russians ? 
  and you 're talking to someone with a czech flag , they got thrown to the wolves once already despite anglo-french promises . 
   terrorist attacks are not . 
  no , but at a certain point you start having limited returns on investment on mitigation/preventative actions , which limits the worth of them . 
  especially if said actions are damaging to civil rights . 
  japan has a suicide rate that is greater than the combined us suicide/homicide ( the second highest amoung industrialized nations ) rates . 
  even if we ignore the very strong possibility that japanese le call a lot of homicides suicides to make their statistics look good , there 's something wrong with a society that has that number if suicides . 
   if germany would need deterrence you * do * have deterrence , what do you think nato is ? 
  what i 'm saying it 's a bad idea to base your deterrence on someone else doing the fighting for you , without even going through the motions of preparing to defend yourself . 
   we would get nukes . 
  no you would n't . 
  you guys are in a middle of a phase out of peaceful nuclear power , so that 's hard to believe . 
  if germany were ever so desperate to acquire nukes , it would n't happen in a vacuum , conventional expenditures would have risen dramatically as well . 
   any war involving both germany and russia would feature plenty of mushroom clouds like ww2 in europe had plenty of chemical weapon use ? 
  the purpose of strategic nuclear weapons is conduct a and win strategic bombing campaign over the course of a week instead of years . 
  if nukes are unneeded to win the war , they wo n't be used . 
   nato or not . 
  germany ca n't even use nuclear power domestically , it 's in the middle of a phase out . 
  germany is n't able to develop nuclear weapons quickly , and more importantly , ca n't develop * delivery * systems quickly . 
  if for some reason germany decides to then it would n't be happening in a vacuum , conventional forces would have been boosted significantly as well , which calls into question russia thinking it can make a go of it . 
   it 's a hypothetical end-of-civilization-as-we-know-it scenario . 
  even a general exchange between nato and russia , today , would n't be a `` end of civilization '' scenario . 
  there simply are n't enough deployed nukes on hand for that . 
  maybe during the reagan administration , but the vast majority ( in both russia and the us ) are reserved for counterforce stuff . 
  and you 're physically touching russia so ... good luck ? 
  you 're one country away from russia . 
  maybe you think the poles can fight the russians on their own , but they do n't . 
  so , again , it sounds as if you 're banking heavily on someone bailing your asses out if need be . 
  why should american ( and british , and french ) men and women die for you if are n't even willing to go through the motions of pretending to be prepared for self defense ? 
   if you want us to spend billions upon billions on military hardware that will probably never get used so just to be clear , you think that unless it 's actually used in a war ( or more specifically a war that you personally think is right ) it 's wasted cost ? 
  have you never heard of the idea of deterrence ? 
   what will we get in return ? 
  like i said , not being reliant on others for self-defense for one . 
  if your big defense plan is crossing your fingers and hoping someone bails you out , man , that is not a very good plan . 
   if we gear up our military , what do we get in return ? 
  not being reliant on others for self defense , for one . 
   against who ? 
  the big bad russians ? 
  yeah , actually . 
   face it , us are only policing the world because of their interests , which happens to somewhat align with europe . 
  ultimately , the us needs to keep sea lanes open for free flow of commerce and no hiccups regarding the flow or petrol products . 
  and for the second that 's less important as both domestic oil production improves and alternative energy sources deployment ramps up . 
  while it would n't be the best thing on the planet if russia was able to bully european countries whenever it wanted , the point is that the us should n't be the only nation in a defense treaty system that allegedly is reciprocal that can stand up to them militarily . 
   you realize its mostly safe , western nations not meeting that criteria ? 
  you realize the only reason why they are mostly safe is because the anglos and the french speakers are guaranteeing their security , right ? 
   defense against what though ? 
  same as before , an aggressive russia . 
  or if some sort of crisis was happening in the med ( like , say , gaddafi was at the gates of beghazi and promising to kill all half a million or so people in the city ) and it needed to be stopped rapidly . 
   a higher budget wouldnt mean more support for the ukraine . 
  the lesson russia is getting right now is that it can harass , bully , and outright annex the territory of it 's neighbors because europe wo n't do anything about it . 
  okay fine , maybe it is n't the rest of europe 's problem . 
  but if the attitude is that `` we do n't need to make any effort to bolster our own defenses because uncle sugar will bail our asses out '' , i mean ... why should the us be the primary guarantee of german , italian , or any other european independence ?
