  you guys have serious institutional problems * in addition to * whatever maintenance/spending problems you may have . 
  the greek navy was more professional . 
   did the usa finally pay its un dues ? 
  is the gap as big with un dues as with nato ? 
  and as far as i 'm aware , the us did n't join the un with the understanding that it 'll contribute to a common defense . 
  there is n't any expectation that other un members are going to go to war for the us just by dint of the us being in the un . 
  germany tries to act like a big , important nato member while it 's actions ( under-maintaining it 's equipment , underfunding it 's military in general ) say it fully expects the english and french speakers to bail it 's ass out if it really needs it . 
   i am gon na go ahead and say that china does n't give a shit about france 's military . 
  sooooo ... you think that when the pla 's general staff wargames a possible conflict in the western pacific , they do n't go `` so what if france sends warships/warplanes to help the americans/japanese/australians '' ? 
  the fn , all on it 's own , is too big to simply write off . 
  the french run their ships about as hard as we ( the usn ) does . 
  unlike say , the germans , who keep their stuff in port and under-maintained . 
  france , she has the soul of a empire , but not the means . 
  america , she has the means for a empire , but not the soul . 
   europes military power blows the russian military out of the water why ? 
  because the grand total is more than the grand total of russia ( well , possibly russia + belarus ) ? 
  you do realize that europe 's fighting strength is n't the sum of it 's parts , right ? 
  there a several problems with pointing at the grand total of european defense spending vs. russian spending : * it ignores purchasing power . 
  [ this is a problem with western militaries vs. other ones . 
  ] ( http://blog.usni.org/2013/08/20/chinas-defense-budget-getting-fatter-on-the-big-mac-index ) despite everyone trotting out the odd deal that some european country makes , russia still is buying most of their defense equipment from russian sources , and paying russian wages for procurement and r&d . * each country has it 's own non-shooty staff ( intelligence apparatus , training command , logistics ) that cuts deeply into the total defense budget . 
  * despite nato standardization , some countries military equipment ca n't really inter-operate with other countries . 
  hell , quite a few european countries that `` buy european '' discover that their equipment are n't wired for american munitions , and * by far * there are more of our munitions floating around out there than european analogs of them . 
  if there was a war in europe those states without compatible equipment would be extremely hampered by limited warstocks . 
  * there are serious structural problems in some of the most important members . 
  [ germany has a big , big problem with their aviation ] ( http://www.armedforces-int.com/news/report-shortfalls-ground-germanys-aircraft.html ) , even though by all rights they should be spending enough money to keep most of their aircraft operational . 
  when you have a institutional assumption that someone else is going to fight for you , you do n't get a impressive military no matter how much money you spend on it . 
  saudi arabia would be a good example of that . 
  if the eu had a single military , then yes , it would n't be anything to sneer at it . 
  instead it 's split up over dozens of militaries with huge redundancies , [ differing requirements ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20110407/33058 ) , political infighting ... basically a situation that only looks good at first glance without taking too close a look at it . 
  i have n't heard of denmark only being able to keep less than 1/10th of it 's fighter fleet operational , though . 
  if a war broke out tomorrow most of the nato countries would be able to put stuff into the air . 
  not germany . 
  germany is especially bad out of the nato countries , especially considering it 's relative size . 
  maybe they need to spend more money , maybe then need some serious structural changes . 
  point is , if the germans want to be taken seriously as a important member of nato something has to be done . 
  captain kirk is from iowa . 
  a better book to read on this would be * downfall : the end of the imperial japanese empire * by richard frank . 
  the long and short of it was that the soviet invasion of manchuria probably had more of a effect than most americans like to think , but ultimately not anywhere near what some other ( usually russian ) people think . 
  it was part of a series of shocks ( the atomic bombings , conventional bombings , and the soviet invasion ) over a short period of time . 
   see manchurian offensive that destroyed most of the kwantung army in china . 
  they could push the entire japanese army off the continent , it still would n't have gotten them any closer to beating japan . 
  i 'm not saying it was n't a impressive operation , and that the shock was n't a factor in the japanese defeat , but it 's also a bit like saying the germans pushing britain off of europe after the battle of france essentially defeated britain . 
   given article 9 of their constitution japan 's national security more or less depends on the us navy these days . 
  uh ... the jmsdf is bigger in tonnage than the rn is ( at least until the qes start to arrive ) . 
  i 've also interacted with jmsdf ships/personnel , and rn ships/personnel . 
  i know who keeps their stuff in better working condition . 
  something to keep in mind before you start knocking the japanese military . 
  [ i believe someone else already posted this but okay ] ( http://www.wired.com/2011/04/video-navy-laser-sets-ship-on-fire/ ), 
   i do n't think more military spending is necessary . 
  dude , a grand total of [ ten of your typhoons ] ( http://www.armedforces-int.com/news/report-shortfalls-ground-germanys-aircraft.html ) are airworthy . 
  maybe more spending is n't necessary , but you guys have some serious institutional problems in your military if that 's where you 're at . 
  to a outside observer it seems as if you are leaning heavily on other people to do the fighting for you , if you wo n't even keep up your primary form of air defense . 
  i 'll give it a crack . 
  the problem with doing the `` well , combined total of europes spending far exceeds russia 's '' thing is multifold . 
  * it ignores purchasing power . 
  [ this is a problem with western militaries ] ( http://blog.usni.org/2013/08/20/chinas-defense-budget-getting-fatter-on-the-big-mac-index ) vs. other ones . 
  despite everyone trotting out the odd deal that some european country makes , russia still is buying most of their defense equipment from russian sources , and paying russian wages for procurement and r&d . * each country has it 's own intelligence apparatus , general staff , logistics chain , all of these are unsexy things that take huge bites out of defense budgets . 
  this reduces the amount of things that can go boom available . 
  * despite nato standardization , some equipment ca n't really inter operate with other countries stuff . 
  the rns best surface combatants can really only inter-operate with two french and italian vessels because they opt to buy into paams instead of aegis ( there are ten such vessels in european navies alone , plus the 100 or so in the usn and miscellaneous east asian navies and australia ) , for example . 
  some planes ca n't use american munitions , despite the us having by far the largest warstocks of the nato countries . 
  this lack of interoperability will ( and has ) severely hampered the european countries ability to fight . 
  * there are serious structural problems in some of the most important members . 
  [ germany has a big , big problem ] ( http://www.armedforces-int.com/news/report-shortfalls-ground-germanys-aircraft.html ) with their aviation , even though by all rights they should be spending enough money to keep most of their aircraft operational . 
  when you have a institutional assumption that someone else is going to fight for you , you do n't get a impressive military no matter how much money you spend on it . 
  saudi arabia would be a good example of that . 
  now , you 'll notice that a lot of this dovetails into the `` well , it 's a unity problem '' , and i would n't necessarily disagree with that . 
  but resolving that would take years and honestly , from a political standpoint , it might be easier to beef up individual defense spending then hoping that sometime int he mid 2020s everyone in europe can agree to use the same [ jet fuel ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20110407/33058 ) . 
  not really . 
  we 're already setting boats on fire with them . 
  at that point it 's all about software and making sure the turret can swivel fast enough . 
   the qe 's are n't nuclear fora good reason yeah , but not for the reasons you listed . 
  it came down to politics and cost . 
  anythign nuclear is a hot button issue and making them nuclear would have raised the initial capital cost dramatically , plus the rn would have had a long term increased personnel cost thanks to required training . 
  the rfas logistics train is pretty short especially compared to the usns , so the rn is banking on a lot of interoperability with allied nations . 
  note that usn carriers can actually double as tankers for their escorts . 
  while the qes will be able to do that , it would shorten their legs significantly . 
  nuclear power has nothing to do with radar cross section . 
  the ship that i was on ( a * ticonderoga * - class cruiser ) had a bigger rcs than the uss * ronald reagan * . 
  it 's all about shaping and passive countermeasures that mach have been slapped on the superstructure . 
  and conventionally powered vessels are going to show up on flir cameras a lot easier than nuclear powered ones , for obvious reasons . 
   the uk has already said that we are using both carriers that we are building and will be buying plenty of f-35 c classes . 
  i know they said they 're going to be using both , that does n't mean they will have enough f-35bs ( the stovl version that will be used on the carriers ) for use over the lifetime of the vessels . 
  the raf plans on buying 48 total , once you remove some for spares , attrition , and training we 're down to around 30 for operational use . 
  keep in mind that the theoretical maximum that a qe can deploy with is 40 aircraft . 
  so ... my statement that the uk is n't buying enough f-35s for * one * carrier still stands . 
  given that in the decade leading up to the retirement of the * ark royal * and faa the rn was routinely deploying their carriers with only 4 harriers on them , despite having a paper strength of 30 airframes , i 'm not overly optimistic on the rn operationally using anywhere close to their theoretical maximum . 
   i either expect to see storm troopers 20 years from now or someone is going to get fired . 
  usn is n't looking for blasters for the marines . 
  it 's looking for a way to replace close-in-weapons-systems like the phalanx , the usn is also uniquely placed that they can easily carry around the power generation required to make them really effective . 
  very difficult for , say , the army to do it . 
  even the usafs flying lasers of doom were on 747s . 
  well , the hull form is the same as the * nimitz * class . 
  the main plant is different , the island is different ( and placed in a different location ) , it 's using emals instead of steam catapults ( which saves space internally and reduces crew requirements ) . 
  all of these are significant differences from the last usn class . 
  the qes are smaller , are n't nuclear powered , do n't have [ catobar ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catobar ) which significantly limits what can be deployed on them . 
  and perhaps most importantly the uk is unlikely to buy enough f-35s for the theoretical deployable maximum of * one * carrier , much less both . 
  probably so . 
  total tonnage is a much better metric than number of hulls . 
  if i told you that the iranian naval forces had 100 naval vessels , well , you 'd be impressed .
