   if russia goes full retard and launches nukes eastern europe is fucked but russia will be absolutely obliterated since europe has an advanced missile defence system it 's fairly limited . 
  the moscow abm system is more extensive . 
   will fare much better than moscow only if the us throws nukes . 
  the french and uk nuclear arsenals are jokes . 
  they * might * be able to hit a few targets in the moscow area , but that 's it . 
   however the most significant problem they face is holding the territory . 
  if they wish to not have an uprising every few weeks russia would have to massacre the local population ( which in the aftermath would be the end of russia as we know it ) or leave a sizable force in every city they take which means they have to rely on less and less troops the further they go . 
  europe would get steamrolled conventionally , `` eventually overthrowing them '' is a pretty piss-poor defense plan . 
  a better plan would be to have a group of militaries that can deter the russians * before * they invade , win , and strip off everything that is n't bolted down to fund their economy . 
  nah , you guys are [ forcing them ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052748703636404575352991108208712 ) to buy german toys , and so are the french . 
  given how weak the german military is regarding new systems purchases , the german government is basically using greece 's defense spending to subsidize their military industrial complex in a roundabout fashion . 
  then you guys ( germany ) should n't have [ forced them to go through with the submarine contract they had signed for it ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb10001424052748703636404575352991108208712 ) . 
  germany and france both had had several weapons contracts with the greek military , and refused to let them back out of the contracts . 
  i do n't think that 's really comparable . 
  unless you guys are planning on leaving them hanging when they invade with bass boats . 
  ... go watch * full metal jacket * then you 'll get the reference :p, 
   okay it 's not a gun it 's a rifle . one is for shooting one is for fun, 
  i mean , it 's better than the piles of crap that `` pioneer arms '' or i.o. 
  hammer out that are price competitive with it ... 
  ak-47 is a common assault rifle , of all the guns on the planet they are the most common because the ussr and warsaw pact made infinity billion of them . 
  a akm is the most common type of ak-47 . 
  mostly it uses stamped metal instead of being milled from a single chunk of steel . 
  a wasr is just a semiautomatic ( one pull of trigger , one bullet ) akm made in romania but [ sold in the us ] ( http://www.atlanticfirearms.com/component/virtuemart/shipping-rifles/cai-ak-47-wasr-10-7-62x39mm-rifle-detail.html?itemid=0 ) . 
  an akm is a common type of ak-47 . 
  cheap romanian ones called wasrs are popular in the us . 
  sure we do . 
  you guys are the ones who make mediocre akms for sale in the states , right ? 
   and those godman useless zuibr , we arent re-enacting d-day anytime soon . 
  amphibs tend to be far more useful for humanitarian purposes than actual amphibious assaults . 
  if there was some sort of humanitarian crisis in the aegean ( natural disaster , whatever ) you guys would want to have something like that on hand . 
   i wonder if this is the telegraph 's way to signal the world that they 've been taken hostage by terrorists , like when you call 911 and pretend you 're ordering a pizza because you 're not safe . 
  american here ( although i lived in sweden in my youth ) . 
  i 'm about 90 % sure that 911 is n't the common emergency number in europe , is it ? 
  or is this a case of `` everyone knows what 911 is thanks to american culture , so i 'm using that '' ? 
  most of the 9/11 hijackers were middle class/upper middle class . 
  in the us most spree shooters tend to be middle class males . 
  even the washington navy yard shooter had a pretty good job . 
  the common denominator is that males are more likely to commit suicide , and at the end of the day these are all glorified `` suicide with a bang '' situations . 
  i do n't know , we kicked the shit out of germany with it . 
  twice . 
  and japan once . 
  you know ... like how mexicans work harder than gringos in the us . 
   would you accept an art major as a mod of a demanding sterm sub ? 
  well , / r/askhistorians has mods who do n't hold history degrees , so ... i do n't find that to be a problem unless they are completely ignorant of the subject matter . 
   would you accept to vote for a politician who does n't know your country ? 
  europe is n't a country , as is often pointed out . 
  huge tracts of principles . 
  ... if you do n't know what `` break apart '' means i ca n't help you . 
  if you think the cia was involved in `` breaking apart '' colombia 4 decades before it even existed , i ca n't help you . 
  james buchanan . 
  rather then sit around with my thumb up my ass as the country spun apart , i 'd take a hard line towards the secesh . 
  yes ... again the cia did not `` break apart '' chile and colombia . 
  no , read what i said and quoted . 
  the cia `` broke apart '' chile and columbia ? 
   obviously if you hang around on / r/redpill you 're going to think the mras are louder any of the default subs . 
  there 's a thread about this on / r/news and the top comments are about sjws . 
  it 's people looking for a culture war wherever they can find it , not realizing they * really are * the mirror image of the tumblrinas they despise . 
  i like that you ignored my comments about being common out and about ( `` in the states '' ) . 
  of course , you think sjws are analogous to blackshirts beating the crap out of people . 
  edit : love it , the mra downvote brigade is already out in force today . 
   you do know they do n't do real life surveys asking people if they 're a sjw right ? 
  so ... no citation , is what you 're saying ? 
  you have nothing to back up your claim other than a gut feeling ? 
  what makes your gut feeling better than mine ? 
  at least i can say that half the active voters in the us regularly vote in a political party that is too far right for most other first world conservatives , which tends to lend credence that the sjws are * far * weaker in the us , and fewer in number relative to the population , than elsewhere . 
  [ citation needed ] specifically , because i have no doubt that you 're going to point to total population figures , i 'd love to see a per capita . 
   sjws are much much more common man , not on reddit they ai n't . 
  and i 'd say they probably are n't very common in the us , except on some college campuses and certain urban areas . 
  50 members of a feminist club at , say , texas a&m does not a `` common presence '' make . 
  man i hate tumblrinas as much as the next cis-lord patriarch but mras whine about them * much * louder than the other way around . 
  people who do n't concealed carry typically do n't bring their aks either , what 's your point ? 
  bit misleading . 
  we were using naval warships to u-boats before we even officially got involved , for instance . 
  the us government took it as far as we could without actually fighting in europe before germany declared war . 
  chinese naval air search radars are probably better . 
  russia does n't have any aesa radars yet on their ships , while china has large destroyers in production with them . 
  at this point , essentially the only thing russia has ahead of china is the turbofan sector . 
   foreign policy works a bit differently . 
  and as i said in the post you responded to , moscow was * never * isolated . 
  everyone here is going `` oh this is china throwing in with moscow '' , and are ignoring the second half of the headline . 
  this is a port visit so the chinese can show off stuff to the russian navy . 
  sort of like how if a usn destroyer visits singapore , representatives of the singaporean navy are given a tour . 
  whoop-de-do . 
  the message is `` china has so much difficulty projecting power that it 's big news if they make it to the black sea , when even defense-starved european navies can perform similar feats '' . 
   well two frigates would be the entire belgian navy never claimed belgium was on the list of countries that could pull it off , although they probably could deploy , they 'd just rely on american/british/fn ships to gas up with . 
   this shows political support for russia , it signals to russia and to the other states ( especially the west ) that moscow is not isolated it never was . 
  india , for example , was never going to stop buying stuff from russia 's arms industry . 
  it was isolated by the eu and us though . 
  even then , what sanctions out there have been extremely weak . 
   that it has friends/allies that can project military power even in europe ( black sea ) ehhhh a two surface ships is n't as impressive as you think . 
  lots of countries can do what china did , more than you 'd think . 
  on my 04-05 deployment there was a argentinian warship doing circles in the northern arabian sea , for instance . 
  stationed in san diego , we routinely had port visits from chilean naval vessels . 
  it might be impressive to people who have n't been in the navy ... but it is n't very impressive to me ,, 
  much ado about nothing . 
  the chinese can do whatever they want in international waters so long as it is n't interfering the free flow of commerce , that 's what freedom of the seas means . 
  more interesting is that russia is at the point where china thinks it is more capable of offering a solution to naval requirements than russia 's shipbuilding industry . 
  has n't been 15 years since china was buying * sovremennyy * class destroyers from russian yards . 
  not only that , but free refills of the soda !, 
   man what would n't i give for readily accessible nature similar to colorado , montana , utah or northern california/oregon .
