   it 's not but it means something and you 've neatly ignored it in your arm chair general diatribe nonsense . 
  if anything you ignored the post you initially responded to . 
  total defense expenditure means nothing if , individually , you guys ca n't maintain and supply your militaries to any reasonable degree . 
  note , i 'm ** not ** saying `` expand '' your militaries . 
  i 'm saying maintain your existing assets the biggest economy on the continent ca n't even keep it 's air force flying due to lack of spares . 
  the germans had better serviceability rates on sardinia in 1943 , under allied bombardment , supplied by barges . 
   the uk and france alone out-spend russia . 
  [ seeing as the uk ran into serious problems with their munitions stores three weeks into libya ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/nato-runs-short-on-some-munitions-in-libya/2011/04/15/af3o7eld_story.html ) , that is n't a very good indication of capability . 
  i 'll add that during my 2004-05 deployment i was not personally impressed with the ( apparent ) maintenance level the rn gave it 's ships , at least compared to american and australian vessels . 
  it makes one wonder what the british are spending money on , if indeed they have `` enough '' as you seem to think . 
  by the way , the same article also mentions that the european countries had trouble scrounging up a additional 10 airplanes for the operation , which makes me suspect that the second-tier nato members have serviceability rates somewhere in the ballpark that germany does . 
  edit : the `` well we spend more '' also ignores purchasing power . 
  at the end of the day , russia gets more bang for the buck because russian labor ( be it workers or r&d ) is far cheaper than in western europe and north america . 
  you say that like its exactly the same as being one country with one chain of command , intelligence agency , logistics agency , etc , and not a few dozen . 
  i do n't think he mentioned nafta . 
   i work for an eu subcontractor what for ? 
  i 'm a federal contractor here , and the reason there are so many contractors in the american government for things like it is because of the immense difficulty in firing government employees . 
  meanwhile , a government program manager can just point at a contractor and say `` i want him out by the end of the day '' ( ease of doing this varies from state to state ) . 
  but from what i understand european employment laws make that difficult to do , private employee or not . 
  eh , sweden does n't actually make a lot of personal firearms , and there 's no reason why the few they do make could n't come through some importer like eaa or century, 
  what it 's suppose to reflect is a commitment to the common defense , more than anything . 
  the point is only a few countries are seriously expressing a commitment to the common defense , everyone else is expecting to get bailed out by those few countries . 
   what outside threat does europe face that is so fierce we need to put aside millions for defence ? 
  if slovenia did n't seriously think they faced outside threats ( specifically , outside threats that were n't part of nato ) , why did it join the organization ? 
  the reason the european members of nato can be so relaxed about outside threats is that they know that the french and english speakers will come running , while fighting to the last pole in the mean time . 
   as far as i 'm aware the amount of money the us military spends on ready troops in europe is negligible compared to the middle east . 
  ehh ... yes , for the troops that are in combat in the middle east and central asia . 
  peacetime , which is where we 're going ? 
  it 's actually absurdly expensive to station troops in europe and japan . 
  it costs close to 6 times as much money to station a soldier in germany than in texas , for instance . 
  this is because , in addition to everything costing so much compared to stateside , you also have a lot of restrictions in place that make exercises , the realistic ones the us conducts , incredible expensive to carry out . 
  you could fit all the troops we had stationed in europe * ten years ago * before we withdrew that infantry division into someplace like fort hood . 
  so , yeah , personnel costs in europe are very high . 
  ( personnel costs in japan are mitigated somewhat by the japanese government paying some of the overhead . 
  no such agreement exists with european countries ), 
  except for that 10-year one in iraq , yeah . 
  they also exited afghanistan early after some inbred air national guardsmen bombed some canadian troops who were on a exercise . 
  when harper took over he sent another contingent ; they are no longer there though . 
  i do n't think anyone is seriously fearing it , no . 
  that does n't mean they would be willing not to have processes in place to anticipate it `` just in case '' . 
  no one in the us is seriously fearing a pre-emptive * russian * attack , but norad has n't be commissioned . 
  the uk still keeps at least one ssbn on patrol at any given time , and i doubt anyone in hmg 's seriously thinks a nuclear attack is imminent . 
  it 's just good policy . 
  the difference is , by this point in hitler 's progress , his neighbors were all in the process of re-arming . 
  no such action has occurred with the european nato countries . 
   russia ( and the entire planet actually ) would be dead within a few days if even one bomb dropped . 
  ehhh ... probably not . 
  i mean , do n't get me wrong , densely populated countries like those in western europe are pretty well fucked , but once you factor in * the nukes used to target other nuclear delivery systems * the nukes needed for a second go-around for those assets if they failed to perform the mission * cushion for attrition ( delivery systems shot down , bombs do n't work , etc ) * command and control facilities the actual number of nuclear weapons available for targets in urban areas starts to get fairly low . 
  it 'll still be the worst disaster humanity has ever faced , but hardly `` everyone on the planet would be dead within a few days '' , especially for very large countries like russia , the us , or canada . 
  even the so-called nuclear winter would n't be that bad , although there will be many environmental disasters that people generally would n't consider that could offset ( do n't eat any fish from any ocean in the northern hemisphere after that general exchange , at least for several years ) . 
   if you are scared of full scale invasion , simply imagine the amount of troops required for this , concentration of armor and jets + required informational `` background '' for population depends if putin thinks he can peel off a country without actually getting nato ( or the eu , natch ) involved . 
  he 's managed to crank it up to 11 in areas unrelated to the ongoing trainwreck in ukraine , and the europeans have n't materially increased defense spending or restructuring their militaries . 
  it does n't give a perception that the europeans are willing to fight , or at least not for someone other than their specific country . 
  but hey , at least they ( the european nato members ) managed to convince the us to dump another billion dollars worth of personnel and equipment into europe , so that 's nice . 
  nato has no bases in east asia , georgia , or somalia . 
   i mean russia is so weak in comparison with nato it 's weak in comparison to nato if it includes the north american countries . 
  it gets substantially more dicey just with europe . 
  the european countries are coasting on a lot of cold war `` fat '' when it comes to war material , ranging from mbts to missiles , but most of it is now time-expired . 
  hell , many european countries ( the netherlands , france , germany , the uk ) have been * cutting * defense spending even as they engaged in overseas missions . 
  the biggest players ran into problems coming up with the munitions needed to carry out the libyan intervention . 
  the biggest economy on the continent ( germany ) ca n't keep more than a couple dozen of it 's fighter aircraft operational . 
  sweden can put more fighters in the air ( albeit not as impressive as the typhoon ) . 
  meanwhile russia , a country with a gdp the size of italy 's , has managed to continue revive it 's strategic bomber force , continue production of capital-intensive assets like warships and aircraft , and managed to pull off reasonably-impressive operations given their limitations . 
  is the eu ukraine or georgia ? 
  no , of course not , but most of the european countries are not acting like they take defense seriously . 
  when you turn into a hollowed-out force , other countries are not going to be too impressed with whatever you rattle back at them . 
  well , i mean , turkey is still ( in theory at least ) a representative democracy ... 
  any truth to story about ceau\u0219escu , upon being asked if he had any last requests , said `` can you shoot my wife first so i can have at least one moment of silence before i die ? '', 
  that 's a big damn palace . 
  the white house is `` only '' 55,000 sq ft , although of course there are larger executive facilities like camp david . 
  the pms residence in london is even smaller . 
  it is n't some historical building built by a long ago monarch , it 's something brand new . 
  how the hell did erdogan justify this ? 
   i guess if they 're going to maintain a lifestyle like that today they need a hefty dose of stubbornness . 
  the amish actually will cut you off from the family and shun you if you leave the religion/stop practicing the lifestyle . 
  so , very stubborn . 
  i had thought it was the same with the mennonites ( to an outsider the main difference seems to be more relaxed usage w/regards to technology , which just goes to show i should n't be a theologian ) , but gfs mother was never shunned and they go to her grandparents farm for holidays where all 200 + members of the clan gather . 
  we also have another large group of anabaptists called the hutterites that live in the upper-midwest , so many that german ( well , a * kind * of german ) is the second most commonly spoken language in the dakotas after english . 
   is n't 2017 a bit slow ... ? 
  honestly , i 'm not convinced that investing heavily in military infrastructure near the russian border is the smartest move poland could make . 
  one of the few bullets russia has in it 's gun is potentially being able to deal a early knockout blow , and such a action would make it easier . 
   hey come on it 's pretty cool . 
  i agree , and i 'm a dirty mono-linguistic american . 
  most of the amish ( and other anabaptists like the mennonites ) are descended from the same group of german immigrants from the 17th and 18th centuries . 
  unlike the mostly secular german immigrants of the 19th century , who more or less americanized , these communities remained culturally segregated from the rest of the society . 
  some groups still even speak old , old german . 
  in pennsylvania , they were known as the [ pennsylvania dutch ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pennsylvania_dutch ) by non-anabaptists , a corruption of * deutsch * . 
  gf 's mother was raised old order mennonite in virginia 's shenandoah valley . 
  her family called others `` english '' . 
  we can hold a grudge pretty well , ask cuba . 
  we also essentially pretended that mainland china was n't a real country for damn near 30 years . 
  depends on where in north america . 
  some places have so-called `` blue laws '' which limit what can be open on sundays . 
  it 's about as fun as it sounds . 
  seriously , i do n't know how anyone can say with a straight face that a 15 year old `` does n't know better '' with regards to killing people . 
   the 1848 revolutions were responses to the french revolution , or more importantly it 's death and the restoration of the old system in 1815 ; again , 30 years after was a `` direct response '' to it ? 
   the influence of the french revolution is incredibly complicated and quite a few historians have made the argument , that the entire 19th century lived in the shadow of the revolution . 
  perhaps , but this post and the one that precedes it reads that you 're saying everything happened ( including legislation ) because of a immediate response to the french revolution that happened decades before it . 
  while ignoring the , imo , far more important aspects of rapid industrialization and urbanization that began in that same time period . 
   actually it is , many of the most notable political reforms such as the voting act of 1836 , are direct responses to the french revolution legislation that happened 20 + years after the fall of napoleon and 40 years after the french revolution are `` direct responses '' to it ?
