it does n't fit the narrative that immigrants are a blessing for europe so it 's either deleted or flagged with a stupid flair . 
  in oslo 100 % of all outside-of-relationship-rapes ( rapist and victim do n't know each other ) were commited by africans , arabs or other nonwhite people . 
  round 2 !, 
  fight !, 
  they are not wrong . 
  just look how many european islamists joined isis . 
  and skj\u00e6rtorsdag is the best one :d, 
  c'mon bulgaria is n't that bad . 
  i like bulgaria !, 
  spreads like cancer, 
  because they know these people . 
  letting those people into europe and hoping the will become good citizens is like injecting yourself with cancer and hoping the cancer cells will become benign . 
  reap what you sow . 
  we have some of their pots and stuff . 
  pricey , but really good quality . 
  it was deleted because it did n't fit the narrative . 
  btw , first published on 5 march 1876 , corriere della sera ( corriere bologana is a part of this ) is one of italy 's oldest newspapers ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corriere_della_sera, 
  in before this post `` vanishes '' . 
  like the post couple of months ago where an italian couple took an african `` refugee '' in their home and he thanked them by raping their 6yo daughter . 
  edit : found the link . 
  og denne episoden \u00e6 best . 
  gon na be the next norwegian tv hit show after [ to tr\u00f8tte typer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzdcjzks2eo ) . 
  because it 's usually `` something , something , something nazi --  germany as successor is responsible ! '', 
  should n't they give it back to germany ? 
  what humor ? 
  im not joking , dude !, 
  do n't believe this balony cover up story by the government . 
  in fact , according to a rumor i just made up , hyza is n't a real sausage factory but a frontend to a secret government facility where they try to breed man-bear-zombie-hybid-soldiers to repel the imminent chino-russian invasion of poland . 
  but i already said too much . 
  fixed . 
  it 's even worse than you think . 
  those were n't illegal immigrants smuggled across the boarder . 
  those were kidnapped people on the way to the hyza sausage factory in ~ ~ slovenia ~ ~ slowakia . 
  maybe the german politicians should start listening to peoples concerns instead of prentending that [ this is fine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/da5iua1.png ) ? 
  todays world : ca n't call a spade a spade . 
  so funny that the left is always so big on anti-facism and anti-nazi stuff but at the same time they are also the biggest anti-semites . 
  lol , just read the aftenposten on any given monday . 
  not long ago a woman was n't only raped but her face disfigured with a knife . 
  such nice people . 
  but it 's ok , i 'm not gon na argue with you . 
  800k immigrants per year to germany and you 'll learn soon enough . 
  85 % of subsaharan african immigrants are illiterate . 
  i 'm sure they will be a great addition to the european workforce . 
  whale is fucking delicious !, 
  if you want i can tell you how oslo went from basically rape free to the rape capital . 
  and how 98 % of the times the rapeist is some somali , iraqi or the likes . 
  sure , keep believing what they tell you . 
  never doubt , never ask questions , close your eyes , shut your mouth . 
  you are such a good citizen !, 
  and i 'm sure those numbers are legit and not manipulated . 
  edit : [ people answer to the question : do you belong to the 50 % that want more refugees ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w9ybvbb.png ) i 'm not sure but i think the site is legit . 
  it belongs to german telecom . 
  this is the link to the poll : http://www.t-online.de/nachrichten/deutschland/umfragen/id_73764922/jeder-zweite-deutsche-will-mehr-fluechtlinge-aufnehmen.html still anyone out there that thinks those kind of polls are not manipulated as fuck ? 
  de gaulle was a politician and statesman . 
  tsirpas and varoufakis are unreliable loudmouths and amateurs . 
  they are a joke . 
  the exact opposite is the case . 
  it would be on the front page and in every talk show . 
  but because those guys are middle eastern it 's only a tiny local media outlet that covers it . 
  mainstream media does n't touch this story because calling a spade a spade is racism . 
  instead of spying on 100 % of the people maybe it would be smarter just to kick out the 0,5 % that cause all the trouble . 
  to be exact , illegal immigration . 
   until europe developed defenses against your evil . 
  you answered your own question . 
  sure , just bring a brewery with you . 
  importing religious hate , crime and poverty . 
  when will europe shut the door ? 
  lol , guess you 're one of those guys that get paid by putin to troll the internet and downvote everything negative about russia . 
  you 're exposed !, 
  we need to take away the world cup , kick them out of swift and disconnect them from the web . 
  the other 40 % want you dead . 
  afaik \u00d8ttinger is like the cheapest and worst beer in germany . 
  went 3 weeks hiking in bulgaria . 
  had a great time !, 
  hiked from borovets to melnik then took the bus back to sofia . 
  try the pirinsko beer if you 're there . 
  best beer in bulgaria . 
  trojanska slivova is also great !, 
  so they build stuff that the world wants to buy . 
  if anyone has a problem with that just build better stuff . 
  and again it seems that political agenda outweighs the law . 
  she 's not gambling away germany 's reputation , she 's gambling away germany 's money . 
  ca n't believe that germans do n't give a shit that their tax money goes into the pockets of the greek slackers and still vote for her . 
  the only winners of ttip : lawyers . 
  why not ? 
  watching a cartoon about a guy who thinks he 's the spokesperson of an invisible sky wizard sounds hilarious . 
  30 years ago was poland ruled by communists or by poles ? 
  again ? 
  did n't she get a doctorate like 10 days ago ? 
  in a lot of countries you have to be able to explain to the tax authorities where your money comes from . 
  guess how they get mafia bosses , smartass . 
  history has taught us one thing : appeasement is bullshit . 
  for 3 . point : just make them prove that they got the assets legally, 
  we need to start to put some serious sanctions on russia . 
  take away wc2018 2 . 
  kick them out of swift 3 . 
  seize the assets of russian oligarchs that live in the west, 
  you 're right . 
  i completely forgot that the us annexed iraq . 
   even less justified are you kidding me ?
