  [ here is an example of it spoken ] ( https://youtu.be/le3cbrlwse8?t=20s ) as you can hear , it is pretty easy to understand but there are defiantly words there that are not . 
  written scots is pretty readable as well , it essentially looks like english written with a scottish accent . 
  [ scots wikipedia main page as an example ] ( https://sco.wikipedia.org/wiki/main_page ), 
  i remember those labour election posters explaining in arabic how to vote labour in the upcoming election . 
  they are technically interchangeable but i think when people say for example `` spanish national '' it would refer to a spanish citizen born in spain whereas a `` spanish citizen '' could be born anywhere and have gained spanish citizenship later in life . 
  well he is being smart by holding it earlier , the longer he waits the higher the chance of leaving is , based on the way things are progressing currently anyway . 
  frankly i do not really agree with bringing in topics from other referendums into this one , even if it is related . 
  plus it is hardly good for cameron , it would be essentially admitting that scotland is getting independence in the near future ( which it is , but that is besides the point ) . 
  though i can not really see how cameron answering a question about an independent scotland being forced into the euro would help either end of the campaign , maybe i am missing something ? 
  it is an ongoing debate . 
  scots and english on the whole are mutually intelligible so people tend to dismiss it as a separate language largely based on that , despite there being a hell of a lot of languages that are mutually intelligible . 
  i think the fact that as you said , the uk government recognises it as a language is the best argument for it being considered a language . 
  the problem with not wanting the euro is that it does not matter , the only countries that have opt outs from the euro is the uk and denmark and the likelihood of scotland getting one is highly unlikely , especially given the current situation . 
  there would have to be border controls in such a situation , else the uk would be in schengen by proxy . 
  but then they also concede their own ability to push their individual interests . 
  as previously mentioned , what happens if the eu wants to nuclear disarm ? 
  but the french do not ? 
  it will certainly be steam rolled by the majority of eu members . 
  also another thing that has been mentioned in past thread , what happens if the falklands is attacked again ? 
  british people would be fully willing to do all in their power to protect the islands but europe ? 
  probably not . 
  anyway in terms of the uk non of this common military discussion is relevant , i highly doubt the uk would ever concede any of its capability to the eu and i get the feeling that the instant that any concrete evidence is spotted for the creation of a unified army , eu scepticism in the uk would go through the roof . 
  many people in the uk already doubt the eu 's ability to govern or control the economy , i doubt anyone in the uk has enough faith in the eu to allow it to protect us . 
  what happens with defence contracts when nobody can agree on which contractor to buy from ? 
  because all national governments would push for any contractor within their own borders and when a contractor is finally decided what happens when the ones that were not picked go bust ? 
  and suddenly thousands of jobs are lost per company ? 
  this in my opinion is one of the primary reasons why a unified eu army will never work . 
  it would be insane for an eu army to be using a hodge podge of equipment for many reasons and without these government contracts many of these defence companies would go bust . 
  yeah million sorry , i wrote the post at like 7am and even then i knew something in the post was off but i could n't place it :p, 
  that does not change the fact that the government would never be ballsy enough to void every workers rights that were introduced from when we joined the eu until now , does it ? 
  at this point what would the tories gain from upsetting the status quo so massively ? 
   her money as well as her position are by definition inherited and funded by the public . 
  this does not really ring true in the uk at least not directly speaking . 
  land owned by the royal family but administrated by the government gives the government something like # 120 ~ ~ billion ~ ~ million a year while the queen allowance is only around # 45 ~ ~ billion ~ ~ million , so she is a net contributor . 
  there are other factors like the cost of the protection of the queen and also the possible tourism wealth the queen helps to generate but calculating those is i imagine at best speculation . 
   continue to fall support for the monarchy is higher than it has been for a long time and public support for william and kate is even higher than that of the queen . 
  if charles immediately abdicates in favour of william the monarchy will most defiantly survive a while longer . 
  the problem is that doing things like this will alienate him from the majority of the electorate , which are centrist and largely pro royal family , he cant go around rubbing his republicanism in their face and expect them to love him while he does it . 
  this type of thing seems small but if it continues the tories will simply make a list and hammer him prior to the 2020 election and that will sway a hell of a lot of people . 
   i really wish cameron would abandon this farcical performance and just come out and openly say he 's campaigning to stay in . 
  everyone already thinks he is anyway so why bother with this pretence ? 
  because he is not a complete idiot . 
  everyone knows the negotiation is a farce but he is using it to stall until the winning side in the referendum is obvious . 
  if he came out and said `` i want to remain in the eu no matter what '' and we end up leaving he would be forced to resign . 
  if he continues this negotiation until one side leaps ahead of the other he can throw full support on that side , then when that side wins , he also technically won . 
  at the end of the day if he wants to stay in office he will have to pick a side . 
  the british political system will tear him apart if he does not support the side that wins , from the tory party perspective the party will be completely unelectable if he remained prime minister into the next election and so will force him to resign . 
  as many have already predicted , he will likely maintain a middle ground until the winning side is obvious at which point he will jump to that side . 
  sounds like somebody is getting scared . 
  edit : this is just basic fearmongering , `` oooohhh spooky ghost , no going back , ooooohh , uncertainty , ooooooohhhh '' . 
  then again who can blame him , there are few people that would want to be remembered as the pm that lost scotland . 
  what is the actual reason brittany is split like that ? 
  the problem is that scotland does not want federalism or equality . 
  scotland wants to to have a preferential status , a status that allows it to completely control itself economically , administratively and politically within the uk , whilst simultaneously taking money from the uk treasury and being able to vote on laws that do not concern scotland . 
  the sooner scotland leaves the union the better . 
  it is surprising ? 
  young people are notoriously liberal , both historically and in modern times , but the lib dems decided to buckle on an election commitment that was incredibly important to a lot young people , so of course the lib dems were abandoned in 2015 . 
  i do not think the lib dems are done for , they could resurge , especially with what 's going on in labour and if electoral reform does happen it will probably bump them into the spotlight more and make people more willing to vote for them . 
  the root cause does not matter , if we have the issues now and people continually keep setting up their lives in areas that have public services that are under pressure the pressure only grows , regardless of whether the root cause is immigrants or government complacency . 
  the # 20bn net contribution is irrelevant as well . 
  if the uk government post independence wants these many immigrants that do in fact contribute to come to the uk , the government could set up mechanisms to allow them to come and at the same time could disallow or remove any immigrants that do not contribute , thus creating a system where all immigrants contribute not just immigrants a whole . 
  he probably means tories , labour and libdems , they are the parties people would think of if you say mainstream parties , despite ukip getting more votes than libdems in may . 
  hear , hear . 
  well according to polls scottish opinion on leaving the eu is not radically different from the rest of the uk . 
  in any case as the scottish referendum showed polls can change drastically during a campaign , which could especially be true for scotland because there are quite a few undecided people . 
  btw i am not saying it * will * happen , i am saying it * could * , not all that likely but it could . 
  you are right , there is no such law , the problem is that in the run up for the referendum alex salmond was portraying it was a once in a generation question and if it was reject it would stay that way for a long while , but as you can see this is not what happened . 
  there is also no law stating that the uk government has to recognise or stage any referendum just because nicola sturgeon , the scottish government or anyone else asked for it . 
  if the government choose to they could simple ignore a referendum ( like spain for example ) and cite the result of the 2014 referendum as a reason for doing so . 
  it would be funny to see snp 's reaction if a majority of scotland votes to leave the eu on referendum day , then they will have no basis to trigger another independence referendum . 
  and according to pretty much every single polls since polls on this subject began neither does the plurality of the country , so what is your point exactly ? 
  euroscepticism is not radically different in any of the 4 constituent countries of the uk . 
  if england was massively anti eu like this subreddit , scotland and most left news sites wants people to think every single poll would be showing a majority of people polled wanted to leave the eu , because england makes up the vast majority of the uk 's population and therefore would completely swing any poll onto the anti eu side . 
  but that is not the case . 
  london is already devolved . 
  there were plans years ago to bring devolution to the regions of england , but they never happened because of the referendum for devolution in the north east was overwhelmingly rejected by the population . 
  give us an english parliament i say . 
  there is no point spending even more money and creating more bureaucracy just to have each english region represented seperately . 
  if england leaves the uk who 's going to bankroll the union ? 
  you 'd have to ask them not me ... 
  i could n't care less if the whole thing left the union . 
  but i also see no reason to not let individual counties have referendums . 
  are you actually suggesting that irish people from the republic should be allowed to directly influence the future of northern ireland ? 
  if so what kind of mental gymnastics are you pulling off to come to that conclusion ? 
  the problem with the `` own affairs '' argument is that a good chunk of people living in northern ireland think that this `` affair '' has nothing to do with the people of the republic of ireland . 
  even then , many of the people that would consider the issue have something to do with the republic do not want to join the republic . 
  a referendum is 100 % possible , if the people want it , it will happen . 
  the uk is not in anyway prolonging the division of the island of ireland . 
  and people think british nationalists are bad ... 
  indeed there would not . 
  but i am not talking about the past , i am talking about today . 
  again if the people of northern ireland want to leave the union they are more than welcome . 
  neither you nor i have the right to make decisions for the people living there today . 
  the united kingdom is in ireland by the will of the local inhabitants , if they want to join the republic they are more than welcome . 
  i feel this his/her point is more that there was a whole lot of complaining from scotland prior to the referendum , they then went to vote and they decline independence . 
  here we are two years down the line and they are whining for another referendum , even though ( unfortunately ) support for independence is lower than it was just prior to the referendum in 2014 . 
  this is why i feel scotland should just be left to its own devices . 
  100 % complete autonomy on everything barring defense and foreign affairs , and also halt any further fiscal transfers in to scotland . 
  i see no reason to continue to pump money in to scotland when it is invariably going to be leaving the uk sooner or later , spend the money where it is needed more , like in wales or northern england . 
  about 7 years ago where i live and the surrounding area was being flooded by quite a few italian immigrants coming to find work on the oil rigs .
