  the concessions were so weak and meaningless that the leave campaign used them in their own narrative . 
   over imposed supranational kingdom layer haha !, 
  what !? 
  how exactly do you come to the conclusion that the uk is over imposed ? 
  the uk is probably the most open country in the world to secessionist movements within its own borders . 
   little england this comment , especially on this subreddit , always makes me laugh , it always seems like a bitter , petty little insult . 
  `` little england '' alone would still be the 3rd largest economy in europe . 
  people seem to forget that england makes up around 85 % of the uk 's economy and population . 
  an independent england would be to the economic benefit of people living within it , its not some hell on earth scenario . 
   it makes no sense to have a 4 nation federation within another federal structure . 
  the uk is not a federation , unlike for example germany or austria . 
  using logic like this why not just break apart every nation state in europe into pre existing sub national divisions ? 
  this way we can remove an unnecessary layer of government and transfer all powers previously held by national governments to the eu . 
  then we do not have to deal with national interests blocking the rightous path of the eu anymore . 
  polls in many countries such as denmark , sweden , ireland and the netherlands show that the majority of their populations also do not want integration . 
  the uk leaving will not mean that integration will drive forward unhindered , there will always be significant opposition to any meaningful integration . 
  except that simply is n't going to happen now is it . 
  there is no way that all 27 other countries we agree to any punitive measures against poland . 
  i am certain that at the very least the uk would veto it and i am sure one of the v4 countries would do so if the uk did n't . 
  this is the problem with creating government institutions that contain many parties which have differing interests , opinions and stances on certain subjects while at the same time allowing any single one of said parties to veto any and all functions of the institution . 
  it is ironic that the country ( poland ) that will be protected by this idiotic inefficiency is also the country that was historically ( poland-lithuania ) destroyed because of the same form of inefficiency . 
  you do not have to prove anything . 
  farage has stated on multiple occasions that he wants other countries to leave the eu , that he wants the eu to disappear and that he would do what he could to facilitate those objectives . 
  i do not really agree with the politicians from the uk intervening in another country 's politics and vice versa , but if foreign anti-eu movements want farage to help them then it is up to them i suppose . 
  me too . 
  several eu officials have already stated , since brexit , that scotland would not be able to inherit eu membership and would need to reapply after officially leaving the uk . 
  joining the eu is a lengthy process so it would be years without membership . 
  also spain 's pm stated several times during the independence ref that if scotland was offered automatic accession into the eu he would veto it . 
  but thats not on offer anyway so no worries . 
  to believe that scotland can possibly leave the uk while maintain eu membership is delusional . 
  did you also enjoy when sturgeon was touting that the uk was better off in staying the eu for reasons that exactly transferred onto scotland within the uk yet she was/is still pushing for independence from the uk . 
  why ? 
  ethnic russians make up a majority ( overwhelmingly in almost all cases ) in nearly every single administrative division east of perm . 
  u/setokaibacity did not say mention anything about race ? 
  how did you manage to come to the conclusion that he/she is racist ? 
  all he/she said was facts . 
  scotland is heavily subsidized by the government you criticized , politically advantaged through devolution and receives tiny amounts of immigration compared to england . 
  if you do not like plain facts then i suggest you move along . 
   democratic deficit present in the uk . 
  reading/hearing scottish people say this always makes me chuckle . 
  * scottish mps and msps attempt to block any sort of barnett formula reform * scottish mps and msp attempt to block any sort of reform to address the west lothian question * snp toying with the idea that the scottish government can veto brexit * the scottish electorate getting 2 forms of political representation via the scottish parliament the democratic deficit in the uk does not live in scotland , wales or ni , it lives in england . 
  this is exactly what happened in the uk . 
  one of the motivations for giving scotland devolution was to end scottish nationalism but all it achieved was giving nationalists a platform , pushing nationalism even further . 
  i think devolution and/or federalism is good but if created along `` country '' lines it is destined to support nationalism and succession . 
  lets keep blatant barbarism out of the olympics please . 
   from talks with my scottish friends , i can reasonably confidently estimate the uk is like a far more aggressive and crude version of the eu , that is because they are uninformed and are merely parroting snp lies . 
   except the english like it because unlike the eu it seems to be all about them instead of benefiting everyone . 
  how do you draw this conclusion ? 
  england is the least funded part of the uk , by a significant per capita margin . 
  england bankrolls the whole union . 
  all of the other `` countries '' in the uk also have extra political representation as well as being over represented in the central parliament . 
  the irish anti-english salt never ends . 
   more importantly , however , it is a military might . 
  europe 's combined military budget is larger , but it is disjointed and disunited . 
  russia 's military budget is barely larger than the uk on its own , never mind all of europe . 
  the uk is also a much stronger country economically and therefore would likely find it much easier to increase military spending than russia . 
  the idea that russia is a military giant akin the us is complete lunacy . 
  he also offered a referendum in 2009 , he just never followed through . 
  both labour and conservative parties offered a referendum in their 2005 manifestos as well , but once again they just never followed though . 
  the other parties had been using an eu referendum as a way to grab votes for a long time before the rise of ukip . 
  ukip just forced them to actually uphold their promises . 
  if you treat people like plebs it is only a matter of time before they spit in your face . 
   1 ) you 're not saying that , but first let 's establish that immigrants in the uk actually work , and do n't leech benefits : unemployment is way way lower among immigrants . 
  also , the uk has one of the worst benefit systems in the western eu , so that really really is n't why people move to the uk . 
  did i say it was ? 
  if you took 1 second to actually read my comment instead of instantly becoming infuriated because someone on the internet criticised freedom of movement you might have actually understood my point  if you 're all so against that , then why do people hire them ? 
  because they will do the same unskilled work for less money , which drives down wages for everyone , making the poor poorer . 
  this was already confirmed to be true by the boe and the leader of the remain campaign . 
   continues to buy cheap polish fruit why would my opinion on uncontrolled unlimited immigration have an effect on my opinion about buying fruit grown in poland ? 
  i am not bitter about the negative effects of freedom of movement and i do n't blame anyone for wanting to immigrate . 
  i would probably want to immigrate as well if i were them . 
  in summary your comment comes across defensive and petulant . 
  i think you honestly need to find something more meaningful to worked up about . 
  or instead of uncontrolled freedom of movement the government could just fast track work visas and make it easy to immigrate for people with training in fields that uk needs . 
  we do n't need to accept swarms of uneducated , unskilled labour into the uk in order to get people we actually need . 
  indeed waiting to see is much better than speculation . 
  do you not know the difference between percentages and gross numbers ? 
  the uk exports around # 220 billion worth of goods to the eu and imports around # 280 billion worth of goods , meaning we buy more from you than you sell to us . 
  for sake of argument lets say the eu sticks a 1 % tariff on all imports from the uk , in total uk businesses now have to pay # 2.2 billion in tariffs to various eu countries . 
  now lets say the uk puts a 1 % tariff on all imports from the eu , in total eu business now have to pay # 2.8 billion in tariffs to the uk . 
   so the leave campaigners blatantly and clearly lied , because everyone knows they wo n't be able to secure such a deal without other countries in the eu wanting the same . 
  obviously it would require the eu wanting the same but anyone with a single brain cell already knew that . 
  there is no rational reason for the eu to not support a free trade deal , the eu sells more to the uk than the uk does the eu therefore in some sort of tariff war the eu would be paying more than the uk would . 
  a free trade deal is better for everyone . 
  even in the event of no free trade it wont matter that much anyway . 
  trade would simply function through the wto which would mean minor tariffs at most . 
   i trust the eu on these environmental issues a bit more than the fishermen . 
  yeah me too , i do not disagree with quotas , it was the logical thing to do . 
  what i did not agree with is that foreign fisherman take up the uk quota , british waters should be exclusively for british fisherman , for example one dutch ship has the right to catch 23 % of all of the uk quota . 
  if the quota was only for british fisherman the industry probably would not have declined nearly as much . 
   i ca n't really see a return to the old times of less regulation and quotas on fishing . 
  yeah me neither , quotas are essentially required , less regulation is possible though . 
   oh did they now ? 
  did n't you watch bbc newsnight ? 
  here , have a look at this , one of your major proponents ruled out ever joining the eea ? 
  well last night he said it would be good if they joined . 
  have fun . 
  it sucks , does n't it ? 
  finding out you 've been lied to your face for months . 
  did you actually watch the video ?
