  as far as i can see he has only ran in a uk general election once , in 2001 . 
  but any tory winning in that constituency ( west ham ) was essentially impossible , it is probably one of labour 's safest seats . 
  you make it sound like outside of the uk , the eu is universal and every country equal in all ways , which is simply untrue . 
  whether the uk leaves or stays the eu will never be a union of universally equal status . 
  well not without federalism ( even then it would be debatable ) and in order to achieve that the eu has to be willing to lose several of its more wealthy member states . 
  did n't the electoral commission ( the institution that is managing the referendum ) immediately say that the government should not have made the leaflet ? 
  in any case , the government should be impartial , not just in this referendum but all referendums . 
  if any member of the government it wants to support a side they should do so through the established campaigns , you know the ones with specific spending limits and rules . 
  if this leaflet was included in the `` in '' sides budget ( which it should be ) they would have already gone well over budget , which is exactly why this leaflet is a problem , its cheating at its most basic form , only this will likely cause more problems for the `` in '' side than it will help . 
   but how is leaving the eu going to stop you from signing the ttip ? 
  surely the politicans who want it know will also want it in a uk outside the eu . 
  it would n't but that is not the point . 
  ttip is a deal between the usa and the eu therefore the hate for its existence will always be blamed on the eu and somewhat rightfully so , if the news is anything to go by ttip is being agreed in dimly lit rooms in brussels by commissioners with a level of secrecy not seen since the breaking of enigma . 
  that however does not mean that an independent uk could not sign a basically identical deal , but are you actually expecting people to blame the uk for a deal that is being agreed upon by the eu and us ? 
  that is simply never gon na happen . 
  i doubt that ttip could pass in the uk anyway . 
  i assume it would require parliaments approval and i doubt `` dodgy '' dave could sneak it past his slim majority , consider the seemingly largely negative view that it has in the uk . 
  i do n't know really anything about the details of ttip tbh , but i hear a lot of talk about it causing the end of the nhs as we know it . 
  i obviously do not know if that is true or not but i think you guys on the continent do not understand the cultural significance of the nhs to the british public and i would imagine trying to pass ttip ( if its supposed effects on the nhs are true ) through our parliament would be political suicide . 
   despite what people might think the eu does n't have any authority to decide these things for member states . 
  every national government would have to sign the ttip individually . 
  yeah of course but at the end of the day it is a trade deal between the eu and the us and for better or worse `` dodgy '' dave could easily push the blame on the eu and avoid the majority of the fallout . 
   because they 're not the same as the ones norway and switzerland have got ( which is the one the uk wants ) no , it does not . 
  the exact terms of the uk 's post independence agreement are not known , by anyone . 
  your post also shows your whole argument to be invalid , you accepted the fact that it is most defiantly possible to get free trade agreements without custom unions or freedom of movement . 
  anyway seeing as you posses seemingly unlimited knowledge , could i get a source on the uk government ( which would be odd considering the government stance is to remain in the eu ) stating it wants a post independence trade agreement that is the mirror image of the one that norway has ? 
  well the uk could stop any immigrants crossing at border crossings , easily in fact , it would n't be long before you have a calais style camp on the irish side of the border . 
  the ones that do manage to sneak through the net could also easily be dumped back onto irish soil because that is where they came from . 
  why is it that so many irish people like yourself seem so salty about the uk potentially leaving the eu ? 
  `` oh if you leave maybe the irish government will just let the migrants into your country , oooooooh spooky . '', 
  how is that good for anyone ? 
  where do you get this nonsense ? 
  there are plenty of countries in different parts of the world that have free trade agreements with the eu but are not a part of the customs union or freedom of movement . 
  using norway or switzerland as a template for the uk post independence is ludicrous . 
  if ireland did that i am sure the common travel area would be immediately dissolved . 
  ttip is being used as an example of how the eu is bad for the uk and why people should vote to leave ... 
  i have not heard a single person suggest that we leave the eu and sign ttip . 
  basically like any other day then ay . 
  sweden may not have had colonies but it has done its fair share of ruining other countries . 
  as the thirty years war wiki states `` the swedish armies alone may have destroyed up to 2,000 castles , 18,000 villages and 1,500 towns in germany , one-third of all german towns '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war then there was the deluge , in which pretty much all of the sweden occupied land was massively devastated with estimates going so high as areas losing over 60 % of the their population as well as the looting of pretty much all of the national economic and cultural wealth . 
  yes only two days after bl\u00fccher got his ass kicked by napoleon at the battle of ligny . 
   it is in built that there are two sides in conflict that is because that is the reality . 
  whether it is a single party on each bench or multiple the reality does not change , on one side you have the government and on the other you have the opposition . 
   that 's why i think the uk needs a rounded seating area like everywhere else in europe . 
  why make a pointless change that provides zero tangible value at the expense of tradition and money ? 
  the current house of commons setup is still appropriate and will still continue to be appropriate even if electoral reform happens . 
  the only thing negative about it is the lack of space but that is caused by having far too many mps as opposed to the building layout . 
  how is the voting procedure even remotely relevant to the layout of the seats in the parliament building ? 
  it makes sense to have 2 benches . 
  one bench for the government one for the opposition . 
  peacefully ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  ignoring all of the medieval or late medieval conquests and subsequent settlements . 
  we can look at the later periods and policies of people like bismarck who had germans settle much of the western polish land such as posen , which still had a german population of nearly 10 % during ww2 . 
  there is a great bismarck quote of wikipedia ** `` but beat the poles until they despair of living [ . ], 
  i have all the sympathy in the world for their situation , but if we want to survive we can do nothing else than wipe them out . 
   the us was complicit in the deportation of millions of germans aswell . 
  using the deportation argument as some sort of universal , undeniable tragedy is essentially running down a rabbit hole . 
  how do you think those germans got to the areas they were deported from ? 
  they displaced and deported the previous inhabitants . 
  did you actually read the comment ? 
  he/she said ** established ** party , which bnp , nf or any other far right political party never were , even during their heydays they could not get over 2 % of the vote and never had an mp . 
  edl is not even a political party so is of little relevance . 
  that is because ukip has more than one policy . 
  much like how people vote for snp but do not want independence , it is a simple concept really . 
   do n't know why every brit needs to `` insert british skepticism perspective about the eu '' in every single eu thread . 
  probably because of your very own statement , ** `` we need to have a single european intelligence agency , not 28 different ones . 
  '' ** an overt statement that the uk should also be apart of this unified intelligence agency . 
  yes but the oil price has tanked , so it is not really doing any good , there have been a lot of lay offs from the oil industry in aberdeen alone . 
  regardless of that though , even back before the oil price tanked scotland was still receiving a subsidy from the uk upwards of # 10 billion . 
  the oil reserves in plain economic terms are not nearly as valuable as the # 15 billion scotland receives , especially recently . 
  scotland already gets # 15 billion from the uk , what is another # 900 million ... at this point one of the best things about potentially leaving the eu is that it may well get rid of scotland . 
  why not , maybe and hopefully they will vote to leave , but i doubt it . 
  northern ireland could not survive without the huge subsidy that the uk government gives it , a subsidy that the irish government would not even remotely be able to afford . 
  it would also be rather amusing to watch ireland wrestle with the population to try to break up the broken government that currently sits in northern ireland . 
  is n't it 35k because 35k is the point in which you start being a net contributor to government finances ? 
  i think the idea is a little misplaced but if what i said is indeed true it makes sense to an extent because it means we are only allowing people into the country that defiantly contribute to the country financially . 
  obviously though there are more things to consider when accepting immigrants than just there ability to contribute to society financially but this policy is probably designed to show that the tories are being tough on immigration as opposed to anything else , no matter what the cost . 
  ukip are brazenly homophobic ? 
  did they not have a homosexual candidate in the last election ? 
  not saying you are wrong , i am genuinely asking . 
  edit : it would also appear that ukip 's london mayoral election candidate is gay . 
   northern ireland declaring it wants to back out of the uk too because its main trading partner and only land border is an eu state i am willing to bet ni 's main trading partner is the rest of the uk . 
  contrary to your point in that statement , around 70 % of scotland 's trade goes to the rest of the uk and scotland is more than willing to leave the uk if we leave the eu so that would imply that scotland , or at least its government is confident that trade between the eu ( scotland ) and the uk will be able to continue unhindered . 
   it 's going to be an absolute tragedy for what will have been the uk - soon to become `` little england '' . 
  why is that such a bad thing ? 
  especially for england ? 
  in terms of size and influence being `` little england '' would not change all that much , england hosts 85 % of the uk population . 
  why do people seem to think that its completely rational for scotland or any other state to become independent but england is somehow completely unable to do so . 
  it would also free up a lot of money for an independent england 's government considering # 12 billion is sent into scotland every year and several billion more sent into the ni and wales . 
   still have it implying that common law is some form of archaic system that needs removed ... 
   what ? 
  it really does . 
  suppose you spent 5 and received 5 , you are still contributing more than one that spent 2 . 
  you are yourself part of eu . 
  no of course it does not . 
  if you give 5 and receive 5 financially speaking you are contributing absolutely nothing . 
  if you give 6 and receive 2 and i give 10 and receive 9 you are contributing more than me , because your net figure is higher . 
   and after you account for their hipsterism they are below .
