  he specifically stated that during all meeting he was pushing exactly what he said in that video , so he therefore did not lie . 
  you also seem to ignore the fact that he wants an agreement that allows the movement of labour on the condition of a guaranteed job with the ability to block and deport immigrants that the government want , so its not freedom of movement . 
  that said i doubt the government will be able to secure such a deal and the likely result will simply be a free trade deal between the eu and uk , however long that takes . 
   by the way , it 's your beloved farage who was in the fisheries committee , and did n't do his job . 
  might have actually changed something , if he tried . 
  nigel was not elected on the mandate of trying to improve the eu , he was elected to remove the uk from the eu , which he has done , this is the reason ukip meps barely even participated they were elected to create problem in the eu , not fix them . 
  much like sinn f\u00e9in in the uk parliament . 
   the voice of the uneducated mass who is afraid their jobs will be taken , which have been lied to non stop by the proponents of leaving , and thought they would get rid of immigration . 
  if you make a political union 's functions and working directly affect working class peoples lives they are going to be inherently against it . 
  the eu migration compresses wages , boe verified this and so did the leader of the remain campaign . 
  the eu 's common fisheries policy was a disaster for english fisherman , as a person living in what was once the largest fishing ports in the world this is blatantly evident . 
  this is imo one of the main reason the whole mid-north east coast of england voted out resoundingly . 
  it is not a question of the plebs simply being to stupid to know whats best for them , its about already having material proof that the eu does not work for them . 
  how anyone expected the majority of the working class to vote remain is beyond me . 
   newsflash : if the uk wants to stay in the eer , they 're going to have to accept free movement of people . 
  you still wo n't get rid of your filthy immigrants . 
  have fun . 
  it does n't , both leave campaigns ruled out ever joining the eea , why is this meme still alive ? 
   what in the world can be positive in a situation like this for uk or sterling on the long run under what economic laws can you hope for long term gains ** cutting yourself off the rest of the world ** . 
  did you actually follow the campaign , like at all ? 
  because if you did i do not think you would be moronic enough to actually post that last part of the sentence . 
  i am just going to assume you are rubbing your face across the keyboard and an unfortunate certain of words is being spewed forth . 
  and yet you seem to support an independent wales and scotland , your whole argument is a contradiction . 
   you already drop your place per gpd and france took your place in a matter of hours . 
  an early economic downturn was predicted by both sides of the debate , but anyone who bases what the next few years is going to be like based on a single days changes after the biggest political event in decades is a little bit stupid if you ask me and probably trying to push a certain narrative . 
  this is short term pain , long term gain my friend . 
  relative to gdp the uk 's deficit is 3x smaller than scotland 's . 
  a key difference here is that the uk is also slowly reducing the deficit . 
  which , if you put any stock in to snp 's constant whining , snp would not do , they are anti austerity even in the face off the largest deficit in europe . 
  in an independent scotland the deficit would also be larger than it is now because the scottish government would have more things to pay for compared to now , as much of the stately mechanics of a country ( military , international relations , debt interest payments ) are covered by the uk . 
  having a deficit is not necessarily bad . 
  mixing a deficit the size of scotland 's , a highly socialist electorate brainwashed into hating all forms of austerity ( even though scotland 's austerity has been minor compared to the rest of the uk ) and the existing debt burden scotland would inherit are the problem here . 
  if you want to be overly pedantic then yes sure . 
  point is scotland receives just over # 10 billion more than it generates in all forms of revenue , therefore if it was independent and spending was the same it would have a deficit of just over # 10 billion . 
   they will be able to spunge more from the eu than the uk in the future . 
  not at all actually , current scottish government deficit is at just over # 10 billion a year . 
  expecting the eu to give scotland anywhere near # 10 billion a year is delusional . 
  how they voted has little baring on my opinion , in or out i still do not want wales to be in union with england . 
  except an independent england would still be 6th highest population in europe and would be like 4th on economy size , hardly tiny now is it ? 
  you also seem to be using an independent england as some kind of threat or insult . 
  i welcome the day england gets its independence and no longer has to bankroll the rest of the uk at its own expense . 
  do n't threaten me with a good time . 
  hopefully scotland will leave and they probably will but if you think that scotland is going to willingly accept the euro and become a model eu state you are going to have a bad time . 
  me too and please feel free to take wales as well . 
  again you are wrong . 
  scotland generally speaking is more pro eu but the vast majority of them do not want to see more integration , they want to stay in the eu but they want nothing to change . 
  which is sad really because they are definitely not gon na get the uk deal . 
  it 's a similar story with countries like sweden , denmark and netherlands , europolls show that they are more hostile to more integration than the uk is but they still do not want to leave . 
  i doubt it . 
  every single high profile leave politician had admitted during the referendum that there would be short term economic issues due to instability and certainty , people knew this was coming and they voted out anyway . 
  you make it sound like english people want northern ireland to stay in the uk . 
  northern ireland is a economic and political backwater that the uk government throws ludicrous amounts of money at . 
  if ni left i doubt many people would bat an eyelid . 
  well obviously but some people just like to complain about thing when they do not go their way . 
  i would hope not , scotland already gets far too much money from the uk . 
   we finally get to leave them here is to hoping the snp will be ballsy enough to demand another referendum . 
  the sad reality right here folks . 
  this is n't even remotely surprising considering the all but confirmed tory election fraud during last years election . 
  how so ? 
  around half of uk immigration comes from the eu , if we were no longer in the eu there would be a significant reduction in immigration from the eu because eu immigrants would now have to earn the right to move here , like everyone else . 
  therefore due to the reduced levels of net migration the population would not grow as quickly . 
  it is an incredibly simple concept . 
  those targets were absolute nonsense . 
  far too low to ever be achieved if we had full control on immigration , but we do n't . 
  the only reason he said this was to help plug the electoral bleed and strangely people believed him and still believe him now . 
  the uk does n't need access to the common market it needs a free trade deal which is more than achievable without free of movement . 
  good . 
   the conservatives argued that walls will be built , with border checkpoints obviously , considering scotland would not be part of the eu , spain categorically stated that it would bar scotland from automatic ascension from the eu . 
  so were you expecting there to be a completely open border between an eu non schengen country and a non eu non schengen country ? 
   and patrols akin to that at the mexican-us border citation required . 
  i did see some mention of checkpoints along the major border points but nothing more than that . 
   pretty much every bank and major business operating in scotland threatened to leave the country well yeah but how is that fear mongering ? 
  if scotland inside the uk can offer business something a scotland outside of the uk can not why is it fear monger to suggest that leaving would be the logical move for said business ? 
   losing the pound again how is this fear mongering ? 
  how can you reasonably expect one country to prop up and provide economic security for another country that just broke away from it ? 
  why would it be prudent for the uk government to expose it self to scotland 's massive economic issues via a currency union ? 
  it would n't . 
  i harbor no ill will for the scots that wanted to leave , in fact i wanted scotland to leave the uk . 
  but expecting the government of a country to go against its own interests in order to protect the interests of another state , especially one that just broke away , is insanity . 
  mps are elected to represent the people living in their constituency not citizens of another country . 
   increased terrorism against citation required , i saw absolutely none of this . 
   isolation from england and the us citation required . 
   all benefits and pensions the government specifically stated that pensions would be safe if scotland voted yes . 
  other benefits however i have no idea , but why the hell would be uk be paying jsa , universal credit or housing benefit to people not living within its borders ? 
   cameron still has n't fulfilled his promises to scotland he reluctantly agreed to and the scottish know this . 
  which promise was this exactly ? 
  what exactly was promised that has not been delivered already ? 
   another referendum as pro independence polls are far more in favour now . 
  no they are not , in fact support has dropped because people can now see what a god awful economic situation scotland would be in if it was independent . 
  if these polls exist , send me links because pretty much every single poll i have seen since the oil crisis has had over 50 % support for remain when discounting dont know , the vast majority of which vote status quo . 
   it 's only a matter of time until scotland becomes independent . 
  we can agree on that at least . 
   english scaremongering against their independence i would not really call it scaremongering , thus far all of the warnings appear to have come true . 
  if scotland was independent right now it would have the biggest deficit in europe . 
  the economic argument for scottish independence has proven to be complete nonsense ( saying that , even before the oil price collapsed scotland was a huge leech to the uk treasury ) . 
  things would have probably actually been worse as well if they had left considering they would have been a country without a currency . 
  tbh i do not really like the word scaremongering , in any context . 
  what one person calls scaremongering another calls a fair and realistic warning . 
  i wish people would stop using the word when any sort of criticism of a political campaign appears . 
  the thing i think that makes people so annoyed by these types of comments is that a few months ago cameron was espousing that he would support leaving the eu if the renegotiation did not go his way ( which it did n't ) .
