  i live nowhere near london . 
  i had hoped scotland would leave the union back in 2014 . 
  here is to hoping for round 2 . 
  i would imagine that shortly after the queens death there will begin a great decline in the support of the monarchy . 
  most definitely if charles becomes king . 
  i would not be surprised if there have been talks about passing the throne over to william instead of charles getting it , william is vastly more popular and if charles lived long enough the end of the monarchy could be possible . 
  they are going to lose 20 % of their government budget if they vote for independence as well . 
  indeed they did , they also ruined the rest of the uk . 
  see tony blair and gordon brown . 
  scotland was subsidized by the ruk ( although the reality is that its actually england because wales and ni are also heavily subsidized ) to the tone of 12bn in 2015/2016 . 
  as to which part of england specifically its more likely to be coming from outside of london like from south east england because london itself is quite poor barring a couple of areas so requires and receives huge investment , whereas that is not really the case in the south east because its very well off in general and therefore get a lot less government spending per head . 
  but it still receives a lot more than it pays in overall . 
  # 12bn more in fact , which is almost 18 % of scotland 's total government spending . 
  scottish tax payers could be paying in # 1mil in tax a month per person , but if they receive # 1.5 mil back they are not net contributors to the system . 
  this is incredibly simple mathematics . 
  there seems to be a lot of bitterness over this . 
  at the end of the day this is how the eu works , any country is able to veto everything or anything it likes . 
  the system is deeply flawed and whoever thought it up must have been incredibly stupid or naive to think it would never backfire ( and i doubt this is the first time ) . 
  if other countries do not like the rules they should attempt to get them changed . 
  sweden was a military giant until france stopped subsidising sweden 's military leading to sweden being unable to fund the hordes of mercenaries it relied upon . 
  yes , it is . 
  both the tories and labour require fptp to maintain their current dominant positions . 
  hence why although in government at the time the tories opposed the av referendum and although labour did not oppose av it did not support it either and at the same time was making vague statements about possibly reviewing fptp , but those were never going to actually happen . 
  the problem with the tories and labour is that in reality they have very little actual real supporters . 
  the parties are held together almost entirely by tribalism and as soon as a proportional or even semi-proportional election system is put in place people will see that now they have real options . 
  they will jump ship , in droves . 
  the tories clearly recognise this , hence why they sank the av referendum with those disgusting posters . 
  while the tories or labour are in government and the uk still has fptp the uk will do whatever is necessary to block mandatory proportional representation , assuming the uk is still even in the eu anyway . 
  so you would basically advocate for scotland being even more of a leech to england than it already is ? 
  talk about having your cake and eating it too . 
  netherlands is far less debatable as historically speaking was not really considered a german nation after the peace of westphalia . 
  as opposed to austria which has always been considered a german nation and was one of the main countries historically that pushed towards german unification . 
  is germany really unified though ? 
  i mean austria still exists . 
  that is not likely at all though is it ? 
  corbyn has already stated that the results of the referendum must be honored . 
  to be honest i doubt adding a second referendum on the eu to the manifesto would even gain labour many votes . 
  besides its hard for the labour party to pull of the whole `` power to the people '' type deal they seem to be focusing on recently if they ignore a democratic vote . 
  how would a snap general election help ? 
  labour would be trounced and it will only further validate brexit by pushing even more support to the tories . 
  yes but i think it is quite clear that he did actually vote leave so he is not wrong when he says we , you however are . 
   also , just to remind , we do n't send # 350 million a week to the eu , it is complete bullshit . 
  * [ uk contribution to the 2015 eu budget ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) = 18.2 billion . 
  * 18.2 billion divided by 52 ( weeks in year ) = 350 million . 
  whether or not the uk receives part of that money back is irrelevant because it does not get to decide where it is spent . 
  its kind of like saying that taxes do not exist because the vast majority of the tax money is invested back in the uk to your own benefit in one way or another . 
  if you voted remain why did you say '' ** we ** also voted for 350mil to go to the nhs '' . 
  if you voted remain then you voted for that 350mil to stay exactly where it is now , in brussels . 
   start interfering in individual member state tax regimes and that 's the end of the union . 
  is that not inevitable ? 
  if the end goal of the eu is federalization how could you not expect harmonization of tax policy ? 
  [ what ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_alternative_vote_referendum,_2011 ) people in the uk generally seems to like or at least tolerate fptp . 
  would it not be possible to just not use them for anything ? 
  you make it sound as if exploiting whales as if they are a resource is somehow required . 
  so i did , thank you , 
  it 's not about the whales being endangered , its about the way they are killed , obviously . 
  there is a reason that when we kill cows or chickens they are not stabbed in the back a couple of times then left to bleed to death . 
  killing animals for food ( which for whales i doubt is even really a thing ) is perfectly fine but if we are going to do it , it needs to be done in a humane way and as far as i can see there is no humane way to kill whales . 
  so lets you know , not kill them . 
  well , anyone who did even a little bit of research . 
  the tories have steadily been increasing nhs spending since they came to power , to more or less real effect . 
  based on that anyone could logically assume that extra money saved by leaving the eu could theoretically be used to further increase the nhs budget . 
  especially when you consider how much of a hot button topic the nhs is . 
  that does not really matter . 
  the quote is just an example of junker 's opinion on how he thinks things should work and general attitude if they do not go his way . 
  he is now president of the commission and based on the things he has said in the past few months his opinion and attitude have not changed at all . 
  his opinion at the time was irrelevant but due to his position now that very same opinion is highly relevant . 
  and 16th-19th century hre was one empire as well ? 
  a nominal head does n't really mean anything . 
  ignoring the fact that scottish politics hate the nuclear submarines . 
  what is 8 % of 4 submarines ? 
  0.32 of a submarine , looks like scotland does n't get one . 
  in the same vain , what is 8 % of 1 ? 
  0.08 , looks like scotland does n't get a unsc seat either . 
  for a guy that was complaining about people lack of basic knowledge earlier in the thread you seem to have a severe lack of knowledge yourself . 
  scottish notes are gbp , they are not a different currency . 
  under that logic all euro countries use a different currency because their coins look different . 
   given that brexit was essentially a vote on immigration . 
  not really . 
  many of the strongest brexit supporting areas were along the east-midlands coast where very few immigrants live , but what did used to live there was the fishing industry , which has undoubtedly been affected by the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  germany 's government has talked like this and will continue to talk like this because it has the authority to do so . 
  germany is de facto head of the eu and eurozone , no other country has the economic strength the political will or the influence to take over that role and until that day comes you can either like it , lump it or leave . 
  i think you and i have different definitions of epic . 
  once upon a time it was a swedish tradition as well . 
  the only difference is that sweden failed miserably at it and the tradition was cut short a few hundred years . 
  apparently the us is not building anymore zumwalt destroyers , they are finishing the one currently in production then will focus on building more of the arleigh burke destroyers , which were supposed to be replaced by the zumwalt . 
  did you intentionally try to mislead or did you just google `` ukip highest poll '' and then base your statement on that single number ? 
  ukip has polled at 20 % once this year , in april . 
  the poll immediately before polled them at 11 % and the poll immediately after polled them at 18 % . 
  ukip 's latest poll put them at 15 % with a few more recent ones going up to 19 % . 
  in summary , ukip have been polling at around 15 % for literally years and the average poll result has not changed since the brexit result . 
  if you would like to prove yourself wrong here are hundreds of examples . 
  the sad thing is that the uk government shovels money at ni , it just does not fix anything . 
  unemployment is low partly because 30 % of ni 's workforce are in the public sector , compared to the uk average which is around 19 % . 
  i 'd wager that many of these jobs simply exist to create artificial employment . 
  ni needs massive reform , starting with their broken political system . 
  i feel like the uk throwing ludicrous amounts of money at ni is not going to solve anything . 
   those were not enough that is because the concessions were pathetic , they essentially amounted to nothing . 
  on top of that they were not even what cameron asked for originally , he had to water down his original proposal despite it also being essentially nothing .
