   as to your point , it 's not blackmail for scotland to say `` you guys do what you want , but i 'll be bailing out if you make a decision i 'm not in favour of '' . 
  that 's a ludicrous use of the word . 
  yes , it forces england to balance its desire to stay in union with scotland against its desire to leave the eu , but that 's still not blackmail ( i.e. 
  needlessly hyperbolic nonsense ) as i kind of hinted towards , i do not really agree with using the term `` blackmail '' too harsh for the reality of the situation . 
  all of that being said , i support a second referendum but i do not see why scotland 's neverendum is constantly getting brought to centre stage , unless something happens it is unlikely that the uk will leave the eu , if it gets to a point where that looks likely then talks about a second independence referendum should start . 
  all this talk of a second referendum right now at least seems to me to be attempts to pull at english peoples heartstrings , a `` do not vote out , else scotland will go '' type of deal , completely negative and avoiding the core issues . 
  considering he has not replied i will try to give you an answer which i believe is accurate to his feelings , but may not be . 
  england is essentially unable to attempt to leave the eu without being forced to stay by scotland , if they do push for it scotland will leave , not really blackmail as it is actually defined but blackmail as commonly used . 
  he may have also been referencing the several issues that currently exist between scotland and england politically as well as scotland 's constant willingness to remain privileged within the uk while snp claim to speak to equality for all within the uk . 
  for example , the proposition that any one single `` country '' within the uk should be able to veto leaving the eu if it votes to remain within the eu in the referendum , which is completely absurd and goes against the modern notion of democracy = 51 % rules . 
  it is also contradictory to snp refusing to accept the wishes of some scottish islanders requesting to be able to stay within the uk if they voted no but the rest of scotland voted yes . 
  there are other examples of `` scottish privilege '' within the uk such as the west lothian question or the barnett formula which he may or may not have been referencing . 
  the original kings of scotland were officially called `` king of the scots '' the first kings of england were called `` king of the anglo-saxons '' and then `` king of the english '' . 
  i believe formatting the title this way was pretty common way back when , then again the belgian monarchy is hardly very old . 
  unless something changes fairly drastically i think an out vote is fairly unlikely . 
  the amount of speculation when it comes to job loses will be through the roof and i think that will scare people into voting no . 
  i do not want to call it fear-mongering , i support the idea of the public being told the real consequences behind leaving but they need to be told facts or at the very least well thought out expectations not off hand remarks . 
  i also detest the idea that had been brought forward a couple of times during the 2015 ge that leaving the eu would require a majority out vote in all four of the uk 's constituent countries , although whether or not that happens is something else entirely . 
  i would instead argue that the way you structured the sentence was rather poor because as you can see in this thread , i am not the only person to misread your point . 
   where are you getting me insinuating this is a unique problem to britain ? 
  it is n't . 
  i have no idea where he is getting it from , no idea at all ...  only the uk suffers from a rather uneducated electorate who are incapable of reading a manifesto, 
  well he is n't wrong , as pointed out several times last night giving scotland full fiscal autonomy would result in an instant # 7.9 billion deficit for the scottish government ( because westminister would no longer be sending money to scotland ) , meaning scotland would be forced to make austerity measures , which seems to have been snp 's prime rallying call during the run up to the election and with full fiscal autonomy snp would no longer be able to blame the english for austerity . 
  it would defiantly mean the loss of support or possibly collapse of snp . 
  in reality the scottish deficit would probably be even larger because in the event of fiscal autonomy scotland would probably be obliged to contribute part of its budget to account for scotland 's part in uk matters as well , such as the military or foreign embassy costs etc. 
   enjoy your tories . 
  i am sure people will , they voted for them after all but of course not everyone can be happy , tyranny of the majority and all that . 
  i imagine much of scotland is feeling that way right now considering 50 % of people did not vote snp but only 5 % of seats did not go to snp . 
  not according to the guardians figures , according to them 18-24 voted 52 % for no , 45-64 voted 57 % for no and 65 + voted 73 % for no . 
  that is 3 difference age brackets . 
  it is clearly true that the 65 + bracket contributed disproportionately towards the no vote , but the same can be said for the 16-17 bracket of which 71 % voted yes . 
  the idea to open up the election to 16-17 year olds was a pretty genius bit of legal rigging , it is a shame it was not enough . 
  for a guy that seems to love to split hairs you made a glaring mistake in the last part of your post . 
  if only over 60s voted no to independence how did they succeed ? 
  is 55 % of scotland 's population over 60 ? 
  i think not . 
   i 'm pretty sure ukip will see some seats this year , rather than none . 
  this does not really disprove his point , ukip will completely destroy snp in number of total votes but even in the most generous projecitons snp will get 10x as many seats as ukip . 
  hard to say really , there was an alternative vote referendum in 2011 but it was soundly rejected . 
  alternative vote is hardly ideal but it is still a step towards a better election system . 
  that , unlike the us or german pictures only shows major royal navy units , it does not include every commissioned ship . 
  it seems to only show frigates , destroyers , subs and amphibious warfare ships . 
  rn also has 15 mine counter measure ships , 22 patrol vessels varying pretty drastically in size , 6 survey ships and 2 classical ( museum ) ships . 
  so all in all the picture of silhouettes shows less than half of the actual commissioned rn ships . 
  edit : there is also the `` royal fleet auxiliary '' and `` royal marines '' which have their own flotillas . 
  they total 13 large ships for the fleet auxiliary ( although they are not fighting ships ) and 33 landing crafts ( of various different types ) for the royal marines . 
  the down votes , this subreddit never changes . 
  catalonia makes up 18 % of the whole of the spanish economy , it has the largest economy of any of spain 's `` autonomous communities '' . 
  it also makes up 16 % of the spanish population . 
  scotland on the other hand makes up 9 % of the uk economy and has only around 8 % of the population . 
  meaning that catalonia is 2x as important to spain than scotland is to the uk . 
  even if scotland , wales and northern ireland left the uk it would not equal the catalonia leaving spain . 
  people dramatically over estimate scotland 's relevance ... 
  only if we get back the hanoverian territory . 
  well it is all due to the house of lords , there is no need to remove any seats from the commons , it is similar to most european countries in terms of number of mps to population . 
  there should be more reforms to the house of lords cutting the number back even further and removing the few remaining hereditary lords and the bishops . 
  i would however prefer the uk to get a political overhaul , with england getting a devolved parliament , preferably inheriting westminster and a new smaller ( than current ) uk parliament to control uk wide affairs . 
  but right now that is highly unlikely to happen . 
  `` forced removal '' how ludicrous , england makes up around 85 % of the population so if you are seriously suggesting that scotland , wales or ni should be able to veto england 's ability to bring the uk out of the eu you are an idiot . 
  it would be like someone from aberdeen or edinburgh saying that their city should be able to veto any independence referendum , irregardless of whether the entirety of scotland outside of the city voted yes . 
  i truly can not wait for the day that scotland leaves the union , i am sick of having to listen to scots telling me how they are second class citizens but they should have the right to better social services than the english and have the ability to veto anything the english could possibly want to vote for . 
  i believe parliament was willing to give the tsar and his family safe haven but king george appealed against it for fear of it causing republicanism to spread in the uk . 
  they are related , that is why they are at the funeral of edward vii . 
  his funeral was one of the largest gatherings of nobility in history . 
  you can see a full list of nobility that attended [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/funeral_of_edward_vii ) , most of which are related . 
  they did not call queen victoria the grandmother of europe for no reason . 
  * britishness intensifies * ^ ^ ^ belgium ^ must ^ survive, 
  i was using the word `` colony '' fairly liberally as there are several different terms denoting varies differences that existed between the many overseas territories controlled by the uk . 
  my point still stands anyway as palestine was administrated by the uk . 
  a bit off topic but the uk did give palestine independence , it just took far too long . 
  the military occupation only lasted until 1925 after that and until 1960 it was a crown colony , much like bermuda or gibraltar . 
  no he did not , he said that france 's former colonies are generally more tolerant to gays than the uk 's but based on this map the opposite is true . 
  yes cyprus was a uk colony until 1960 . 
  erm what ? 
  i see only 2 french colonies that voted against this . 
  looking at british colonies it seems around a third voted against it , canada , cyprus , malta , new zealand , australia , south africa , malawi , israel , sri lanka , seychelles , fiji , tuvalu and the bahamas just about all of the british colonies that either , did not vote , abstained or voted for have significant muslim populations which i would argue is a larger factor on how their government act nowadays than the laws of their former overlords . 
  marriage comes with benefits like tax cuts which as far as i know same sex unions do not . 
  it is not only members of clergy that are able to marry people . 
  there is also the matter of principle , having certain types relationships deemed worthy of marriage and others not shows a lack of equality . 
  lets hope the scots do vote tactically . 
  if the eu referendum is good for anything it is getting rid of scotland . 
  i like this part ** `` i hate the bureaucracy of the eu , '' he says . 
  `` but we should fight it from within , not by leaving . '' ** . 
  if you asked scots how influential they think countries like slovakia or finland are when it comes to controlling eu policy and reform i wonder what the answer would be ... 
  tbh i think anyone who moves abroad permanently should lose their right to vote immediately . 
   it wo n't be long before european countries devolve into the same bickering antics that tore the continent asunder , twice , in the 20th century . 
  based on what exactly ? 
  the conditions that created the two world wars do not in anyway exist today . 
  public opinion in every single major european country is not imperialist any longer , people will not be swayed by promises of returning territory to the fatherland , not that anyone is even advocating such policies anyway . 
  the idea that the dissolution of the eu would bring about warfare between the former eu countries is absolutely idiotic , for many reasons . 
  if the us devolved into 50 independent countries do you think that they would begin bickering over land and resources ? 
  no of course not , because war is bad for business . 
   i do n't understand what people think they 're achieving by eroding europe 's collective power bloc . 
  europe has no collective power , the eu as a single actor is completely impotent , unable to address basically any difficult subject decisively . 
  the only decisive decision making in tough situations that comes out of the eu is by individual countries , never as a collective so if the eu disappeared tomorrow nothing would change in this regard . 
   cornwall cornwall is a part of england pal . 
   how about you guys actually contribute to the eu the uk is the 2nd largest net contributor , so i think the uk does quite a good job of contributing . 
   follow all that entails being a member state what is that exactly ? 
  as far as i can see there are no universal set of parameters that all member states sit within . 
  the uk is not the only country with opt outs and even those without are abusing the system in order to have de facto opt outs of the currency union .
