  so what exactly has changed in an economical sense from pre-negotiation to now that would possible have changed the economic case for leaving ? 
  these comments serve , in light of what i previously mentioned , only act as proof of cameron 's deceit and lack of character . 
  in the face of that why would anyone be inclined to believe anything he says . 
  hopefully never , because it was not a genocide . 
  the plantations were the settlement of english , welsh and scottish people into ireland , it may have accompanied violence ( from both sides ) and confiscation of land but it was not the intentional mass murder of a specific ethnic group , a genocide . 
  more than anything else the plantations were a policy to displace the local ruling class with one of british identity and therefore to push british interests in ireland , not an attempt to wipe out the natives . 
  which , if you believe the more far out there sources for the irish loss of life in the cromwellian reconquest of ireland , should have been more than possible for the british to achieve in the time they controlled ireland , if that was the actual purpose , but it was not . 
  as soon as the plantation of ireland is recognized as a genocide we may as well start calling for every single war or minor conflict ever a genocide . 
  well as i said , there is no reason there could n't be a border agency that enforces the border , not the army . 
  but if there is indeed a reason why even temporarily the army is required to enforce the border , it should . 
  the uk government should not bend to the threats of terrorists , ni is within the sovereign territory of the uk . 
  yeah i saw that , but to be honest i do not see the problem with having this opinion . 
  he did not say that the army needs to be stationed there to protect or prepare for war with ireland he said it needs to be there to enforce the border . 
  if the uk leaves the eu but the common travel area continues ( or even if it does not ) the uk needs to set up border controls with ireland . 
  otherwise eu citizens can come to the uk just as easily as they can right now , by travelling to ireland then passing in to the uk via northern ireland . 
  the only difference would be that they would be exclusively working in the black economy . 
  then again , there is no reason there could n't just be a border agency , not the army . 
  you pretty much just agreed with what i said . 
  i do not support the massive prices of roaming , but asking to use the services of a company you are not a customer of and are not wanting to pay towards maintaining that service is equally stupid . 
   the price of roaming should have been negligible indeed it should , it should not be free . 
  making it free is obviously a terrible idea and we can see the repercussions of this already . 
  carriers are beginning to hike prices and change terms of use in order to counter act this free roaming . 
  because you know what , carriers do not want to get hit with bills from foreign carriers their customers are using . 
   it 's like if road taxes were more expensive depending on which country you 're from . 
  this is already a thing in some countries , tolls for foreign drivers , especially for trucks it is a real thing . 
  was n't germany considering making dutch and belgian drivers pay tolls in germany a little while ago as well ? 
  no he did n't . 
  resources , the midlands and north was full of coal and were the home of all kinds of british industry in the 1800s . 
   roaming was 100 % scam why ? 
  why is it a scam for your network provider to request that you pay money so that they can pay charges they have received from a foreign network that you are using ? 
  i agree that the price of roaming was a bit ridiculous . 
  what i do not really understand is why people are expecting that they should be able to use the services of other companies ( companies which they are not customers of ) completely free of charge . 
  correlation = / = causation, 
  i can not wait for scotland to leave the uk . 
   apartheid state meanwhile there are actual palestinian muslims in the israeli legislature . 
  making israel demonstrably not an apartheid state . 
   stupid government done tend to be in power for as long as the snp , let alone win a popular vote most parties in europe can only dream about . 
  knuckle dragging and chest beating is what has kept the snp in power . 
  blaming westminster for everything wrong with scotland . 
  you know it 's english people that outnumber the rest of the uk combined ? 
   evel has created two classes of mps in what is meant to be a uk parliament ... everyone equal and all . 
  we already had this , it was called the west lothian question . 
  how you think it is even remotely reasonable that scottish mps should be able to vote on matters that are not relevant to their constituents is beyond me . 
  i am not really in support of evel . 
  i would much rather an english parliament but that seems like its not going to happen . 
  its comments like those that prove one of the two things . 
  how stupid snp actually are or that snp thinks its voters are so unbelievably thick that they would believe that assertion to be reasonable . 
  i despise the snp . 
  not even true really . 
  scots have more representation per capita than english people . 
   evel evel has no relevance what so ever to the origin of the pm . 
  it is because of people like yourself that i hope scotland does become independent . 
  so that my taxes no longer maintain the cancerous politics you appear to support . 
  alas however i doubt that scotland will become independent anytime soon because the scottish people are well aware of thier reliance of the money coming from england . 
  the funny thing with scottish independence is that the more it is talked about , the more scotland 's economic dependence on the uk becomes evident . 
  if scotland stays a part of the uk , which is expect it will , its privileged position will not last much longer . 
  for the people of england , scotland leaving the uk is a a good thing . 
  none of the parties you listed are english nationalist parties . 
  `` the deliberate killing of a large group of people , especially those of a particular nation or ethnic group . '', 
  if cromwell was committing genocide in ireland he would have killed a hell of a lot more people than he did . 
  people starving due to war and being killed as a result of sieges is not genocide . 
  it would take some crazy mental gymnastics to come to that conclusion . 
  i am sure you are aware of the massacre at clonmel , oh wait it never happened . 
  unless of course , you would seriously like to categorise every war before the 20th century as a genocide ? 
  `` genocide '' haha , good one . 
  unfortunately that is not likely to happen . 
  i would imagine that the name would just change to the `` united kingdom of great britain '' . 
  it still makes sense and it would cause the least amount of interference . 
  the `` united kingdom of great britain and wales '' makes no sense however because wales is a part of great britain . 
   this is just allowing for a possibility that , sometime in the future , the people of northern ireland and the people of ireland might vote to unite . 
  that possibility already exists , it does not require a provision in the brexit deal . 
  the good friday agreement already states that in the event of a majority support for unification in the north and south there will be a united ireland . 
  if i had to guess whether the uk or ireland would be more likely to block the unification of ireland my money is on ireland , for the foreseeable future at least . 
  the whole point of this guys statement is to stoke irish nationalism . 
  they are being gotten rid of , there were more hereditary peers a few decades ago , it is just a slow process . 
  90 out of 805 are hereditary peers . 
  the vast overwhelming majority of the rest are appointed by the pm . 
  them being unelected makes no odds to me . 
  we just need a lot fewer of them and to get rid of the few hereditary ones and the ones that represent the coe . 
   not to mention uk has no constitution yes it does . 
  `` celtic '' gives me a chuckle every time . 
  i wish we would . 
  `` not listen '' yeah that 's a good idea a majority of scotland does n't want to leave the eu so the uk should not leave right ? 
  fuck the majority of the uk we do n't need to listen to them . 
  i bet some village in shropshire voted against it aswell maybe they should be `` listened '' to aswell . 
  he gets paid to do what he is elected to do . 
  you can not really knock him for it . 
  and calling the eu financially lean is rather disingenuous is n't it ? 
  of course its lean because it does not have any of its own money , it receives handouts from governments with actual revenue . 
  actually `` ireland '' is not a shortened version , that is the actual official name of the state . 
  not disagreeing , just reinforcing your point . 
  `` occupied '' i came in search of a laugh and i found one . 
  how so though ? 
  british isles is the de facto term for the group of islands , regardless of what the irish government thinks and that term also includes ireland . 
  strange the [ eu website ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/figures/interactive/index_en.cfm ) that tracks eu revenue and expenses has ireland as a net receiver both in 2014 and 15 . 
  good . 
  is scotland 's legal system not heavily influenced and based upon english common law though ? 
   or have similar cultures to england this must a joke . 
  there are many other things that make scots closer to the english than the welsh , such as . 
  scotland was heavily settled by the same people that settled england , especially in the southern part of scotland , where as wales is undoubtedly the part of the uk with the least early germanic settlement .
