well that is the exact issue , as long as snp are significant in scotland they will continue to pursue independence referendums until it passes . 
  i and i would imagine many englishmen are not even remotely afraid of a labour-snp coalition , because labour is more than likely going to lose huge swaths of support , especially in england , due to its new leader , which will mean a labour-snp coalition will never have the chance of coming into being . 
  well things are currently suggesting that the pro independence parties will be just shy of a majority of votes but with a majority of seats , so if that is indeed the case when this is all done , how exactly could they justify unilateral declaration if they did not even get a majority of the vote . 
  well lets be honest here , at this point i think it is only a matter of time before scotland becomes independent . 
  the uk government is weak and when the princess sturgeon asks for another referendum cameron will concede and convincing scotland to vote out will not be hard , all snp has to do is talk about how scotland has not miraculously become a completely autonomous country after the vague promises made by the no campaign last year . 
  tbh i welcome scotland 's independence , i am sick to death of hearing how england is oppressing scotland , stealing oil money all while the uk government is shovelling money out of england to feed the bloated whale that is scotland . 
  yes lets get this neverendum over please ... 
   now , they let them go . 
  block them like you said . 
  what would that bring ? 
  does anyone think they will come back asking to rejoin spain ? 
  it would n't be done to get them to come back , it would be done as a message to other independence movements in spain , to basically say `` you want independence ? 
  this is what it will get you '' but tbh i do not know , maybe you are right , maybe spain will pussy out , i guess it wont be long before we find out . 
  will that not have the opposite effect though ? 
  i feel that a country in the situation of spain , which is not exactly looking good , can not risk making such concessions for risk of everything unravelling . 
  if spain allows catalonia out will it not prompt a resurgence of independence support in other areas of spain such as the basque county ? 
  and once it has let one country out amicably they can hardly deny letting anyone else out . 
  yeah but will it really ? 
  if spain does not want to let catalonia go they wont and in reality who is going to recognise catalonia if it declares unilaterally ? 
  probably nobody in the eu , probably only countries that can not really do anything to help catalonia economically or politically . 
  if spain wants to break catalonia i am sure they could , almost 50 % of catalonia 's exports go to the rest of spain and almost the entirety of the remainder of exports go to other eu countries , if spain refuses to accept catalonia 's independence and the eu backs spain , it would not be hard to economically ruin catalonia and at that point is independence worth it ? 
  edit : according to the bbc , while the majority of catalonia wants a referendum only around half want to be independent so if that is indeed true ( feel free to correct me if i am wrong ) would it really be fair for this catalan government to declare independence unilaterally ? 
  and it was not the eu that invaded ukraine but it is still a crisis for the eu . 
  if catalonia unilaterally declares independence the spanish government are not just going to sit there , they will likely do everything they can to undermine catalonia and around half of catalonia 's exports go to the rest of spain , which would be a ripe target for the government if they wanted to cripple catalonia economically . 
  then it gets to the point of the eu , which will most likely refuse the existence of catalonia and so will most of the eu member states , which happen to make up almost the entirety of the remainder of catalonia 's exports . 
  whether you like it or not , if the spanish government 's attitude does not radically change after a unilateral declaration this will be a crisis for the eu . 
  i was thinking more along the lines of : * russia/ukraine * refugees * greece * spain/catalonia i would not really call brexit a crisis like others are , as it will likely be completely amicable which ever way it goes . 
  the rest will be prolonged and messy . 
  whats this ? 
  eu crisis # 4 it would seem . 
  except it was not nonsense , the spanish pm stated that if scotland was allowed automatic inheritance of eu membership upon independence that spain would veto scotland 's entry . 
  instead they wanted scotland to leave the uk and therefore the eu then come back and apply for membership afterwards . 
  here is an article talking about it , http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/nov/27/scottish-independence-spain-alex-salmond-eu i am sure many eu officials and eu states would be willing to accept scotland in the eu , but there are also a few that would not be willing to allow scotland such a smooth transition into the eu because it sets a precedent and could effect their own state . 
  again the statement was never about not letting scotland into the eu , it was about not letting scotland inherit eu membership from the uk . 
  actually the pm of spain specifically said that if scotland got automatic membership of the eu upon independence he would veto their entry . 
  now that could of gone different had they applied separately but there was also a former eu official that said there was a decent chance either spain or belgium would veto scotland 's entry into the eu . 
  this is typical salmond , mindlessly slogging on in the hopes that things would work out the way he wants them to . 
  as far as i know spain hinted that if scotland became independent that they would veto scotland 's entry into the eu due to catalonian/basque nationalism and with the way things are heating up in catalonia right now this could have been a real possibility . 
  then what ? 
  god damn , i wish the uk would just give northern ireland to ireland , all this taxpayer money to prop up a broken government in a part of the country that is completely mentally disconnected and politically backward . 
  good , take northern ireland and wales as well please . 
  not likely , northern ireland only makes up around 3 % of the uk 's population and i would imagine many of those people in northern ireland would have chosen white british , not white irish . 
  so based on that it seems pretty correct to me . 
   and i also do n't see anyone else lining up to give land . 
  who just gives land ? 
  spain gives to basques ? 
  russia to chechens ? 
  ** uk to irish ? 
  ** not exactly fair is it ? , i believe the agreement between the uk and ireland is that assuming at some point the majority of northern ireland wants to either leave the uk or join the republic they will be allowed to do so , but as things currently stand the majority of ni wants to remain part of the uk . 
  i believe it is fairly obvious that the uk is more than willing to grant the right of self determination to its residents , see scottish independence referendum . 
   it 'll be the final nail in the coffin of great britain come 2nd referendum . 
  i would hope so , but if you mean the break up of the whole thing , i somehow doubt it . 
  fyi : i edited my previous post before you replied , i believe you responded to the part i deleted , sorry about that . 
  i deleted it for the very reason you mentioned . 
  as to the tory master plan , i do not think that is the case but i would not be all that surprised if it was to be honest , getting rid of scotland would be a net gain for the party . 
  they had to trigger the referendum because around one third of the tory party backbenchers want to leave the eu and without those mps the party would be utterly powerless , not to mention the potential for ukip defections , then there is also voters , an eu referendum was so published during the election that there was no way for the tories to not fulfill on that promise without significant voter defection . 
  who did not already know this ? 
  if the no campaign win the eu referendum it will surely trigger another independence referendum , regardless of whether or not the majority of scots vote no . 
  if not , another independence referendum will happen sooner or later because of the sheer amount of support snp has in scotland , which only seems to be growing , not declining like many thought it would after the scottish independence referendum . 
  i think you mean scottish mps ? 
  if so the example is the exact opposite , it is scottish mps voting on legislation that does not effect their constituency and in the majority of cases will only affect england . 
  it is called the `` west lothian question '' if you are interested in reading more into it . 
   not to mention not being able to use a scottish note in sheffield , let alone exchange it in belgium . 
  well of course not , it is not legal tender , the government should remove the right of those banks to even be able to print the notes , same with the northern irish banks . 
  most people in england outside of the border counties will have never even heard of scottish bank notes , never mind seen one , i am not really sure why you find it surprising that people would n't accept it . 
   oh , so all the minorities around the world has right to form their own country , huh ? 
  i thought you guys were against the crimean indepenence referandum ? 
  my opinion on the crimean referendum in neither here nor there , on one hand they voted overwhelmingly for separation but on the other hand there were lots and lots of accusations of rigging . 
   i 'm pretty sure south asian immigrants like pakistanis ( wich has pretty high birthrates like kurds btw ) in england can form a tiny country in a couple of years , no ? 
  how are you not able to spot the difference between the two examples ? 
  it obviously makes no sense for an immigrant pakistani to be able to come to the uk and then lobby for independence in the area he/she lives in , the kurds however have been living in that region for at least as long as the turks have been in anatolia . 
  not to mention that kurds are overwhelming living in the south eastern corner of turkey and make up between 15-25 % of turkey 's population , whereas immigrants into the uk are spread throughout the whole country and all immigrant groups combined make up only around 12 % of the uk 's population . 
   unlike some other countries in the region turkey 's borders is n't drawn by imperialistic western powers . 
  we fought and shed our blood for every inch of it . 
  and it 's one of the atat\u00fcrk 's legacies to us . 
  he gave lots of speeches about indivisibility of our lands . 
  so no . 
  not exactly true now is it ? 
  both your south and eastern borders were drawn due to ottoman territorial losses in ww1 as well as turkey 's western border being drawn by defeats against the south slavic and greek nations . 
   i 'm all for minorities rights and voted for hdp in the last elections with a naive hope like they will cut their connections to pkk . 
  but unfortunately they did n't . 
  ok , so answer me this , if the kurds overwhelmingly voted for a pro kurdish independence party and then that party began to campaign for a kurdish independence referendum would you support it ? 
   kurdish self-determination ? 
  well , no . 
  uk is n't in a position to decide other countries ' borders and attack their sovereignty . 
  as you correctly quoted he said `` self-determination '' , it baffles me that you managed to link that to the uk partitioning turkey . 
  define : self-determination `` the process by which a country determines its own statehood and forms its own government . '', 
  the kurds would be the ones deciding whether their new state should exist and with cooperation with the turkish government would define the borders . 
  but it is not like that is going to happen anyway , well at least not through the actions of turkey . 
   why should anyone love it 's country 's territories to be taken by the former colonizer of that country this part of your post is incredibly interesting . 
  it has been estimated that over 120,000 turks have been settled in north cyprus following the war , nearly half of the population . 
  so who exactly is the coloniser ? 
  my money is on turkey . 
  until ww2 ends and a bear guards poland , then one can forget . 
   ha , you bought that partitionist nonsense ( you 'd think westmintser would have learned its lesson on that front ) ? 
  that was never anything other than alastair carmichael shit stirring , which you 'll be well aware of that fact that he has a very prominent reputation for now . 
  those of the islands may have been opposed to independence , but that 's not the same as saying they wanted to stay with the ruk in the event of scotland leaving the uk . 
  if i remember correctly there were several petitions and gathered thousands of votes . 
  it was not specifically about staying with the uk it was about giving the islands a separate referendum afterwards ( or extra options in the existing referendum ) which would allow them to decide to stay with the uk/leave with scotland or to independent . 
  it also does not change the fact that this is how democracy works , the majority rules and if the majority want to do something it should happen , tiny minorities should never be given a veto power to lord over the majority , sure the minority can then afterwards make their own minds up for their own future but an outright veto is nonsense .
