[ meanwhile in hong kong ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/dam/assets/140928110447-hong-kong-umbrellas-police-horizontal-gallery.jpg ), 
  so you 're saying that it 's better to vote for a completely alternative group , not just the one that most closely represents your interests or the one that does the least harm , but a third party , just to keep the two main ones from stabilizing ? 
  i 'm not totally sure i get what you 're trying to imply . 
  but to make this point clear , let 's say that our political views align most closely to the communists for hitler party . 
  clearly , we 're never winning an election , ever . 
  none of the other parties represent anything close to our ideology . 
  should we vote for the party that is most likely to do things that will piss us off the least , and thus have at least a minor impact in making politics less completely terrible ? 
  you seem to be implying that we should vote for another third party , to keep the electoral system from only having the two main ones -- but the green party is n't representing the chp any better than the mainstream reds and blues . 
  in fact , * none * of these systems will * ever * result in a candidate who can represent our political beliefs . 
  the best alternative to this is an electoral system where we are allowed to say `` we 're here , we 're communists , we also love hitler !, 
  '' , and have that represented in our votes , while simultaneously having a backup where we can say `` well , if we ca n't have things our way , we would most like to support these guys '' . 
  the problem with the current system is that it skips having that expressed in the voting record -- without that , people will * never * be comfortable with the prospect of throwing away votes , which third parties very much become in most electoral systems . 
  what you 're saying is that voters should always vote for the group closest to their interests , even if that means causing the government to be tilted perpetually against them , in the * hope * that other voters will see the error of their ways . 
  that 's an incredibly illogical way to vote . 
  that 's essentially saying that you should vote against your own interests , and hope that allows the party to catch on in the long term . 
  that simply does n't happen . 
  not to mention every time you convince a group of people to vote third party , only to see both their preferred candidate * and * ` lesser evil ' lose , you dissuade them further . 
  the best option is n't either of these paths -- it 's to push for electoral reform , and push hard . 
  if you can promise the apathetic plurality of voters a way to make their vote actually count ( which is a huge reason for not voting ) , you have a huge influx of new voters to destabilize the system . 
  it 's a big resource , but a difficult one to harness ; that 's one of many difficulties , but if you can pressure the big parties to change or lose power , change will happen every time . 
  the same principle applies . 
  there is no alternative vote ; there is no capability for voters to express multiple opinions . 
  this forces voters to decide between giving their vote to the party that aligns closest to their own views , or the vote they think will ultimately do the most good . 
  that 's the thing , it 's not a ` mentality ' , it 's math . 
  this is an inevitable result of voting systems that work on one-person-one-vote ; that you ca n't describe an order of preference essentially mandates power devolving to a very small group . 
  [ cgpgrey has a great video on this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7twhjfhiyo ), 
  that 's the thing though , there are a lot of groups that use violence , and could be cited as oppressive , including the countries we all live in . 
  from the perspectives of some countries , western militaries are the bad guy ; a portrayal i think many of us are sympathetic to . 
  ` oppression ' especially is a very debatable term ; from the perspective of a neo-nazi , modern germany is an oppressive state . 
  most of us would disagree with that , but then , letting the majority decide what oppression is and is n't is a great way to get yourself more oppression . 
  an example i think is particularly relevant is hamas . 
  from the perspectives of many , they are a violent , oppressive group . 
  they are also a democratically elected government in palestine . 
  if we disallow people from voicing support for hamas , not to say that they do n't have serious issues , but we run the risk of disallowing any support for palestine . 
  likewise , we can look at the situation from the other side ; say that iranians were forbidden from criticizing hamas or supporting isreali action , based on the action of israeli military ( i am unaware of actual iranian rights , suffice to say we should aspire to exceed them ) . 
  we can see that this idea of ` they are a violent , oppressive group , which we can not allow support for ' gets into tricky territory , and potentially can cause further extremism by replacing debate on the marketplace of ideas with state-backed `` us vs. 
  them '' syndrome . 
  i think the biggest argument against this kind of stuff though is that it 's just not worth it . 
  we can all agree that these laws are dangerous and prone to abuse -- if we still want to have them , we should ensure that they are worth that risk . 
  i do n't think there 's much concern that allowing free speech on these issues is going to actually lead to huge issues with hate groups . 
  america , for it 's civil rights flaws , has probably some of the most accepting free speech rights in the world , and we do n't see significant amounts of violence directed by hate groups ; in fact , their membership numbers and activities decline hugely as time progresses . 
  likewise , the fringe neo-nazi movements are not driven out of germany by their restrictive laws ( and in fact , may use it to justify their beliefs ) . 
  not that the german law is oppressive ; just that the possibility for abuse is there . 
  that absolutely has to be balanced by the goals that the law seeks to achieve , and i do n't believe it is . 
  the point is that when they cross the line between speech ( however inflammatory or anti-democratic ) into action ( violent , criminal , dangerous , etc. 
  ) , it is no longer an issue of free speech , and they can be prosecuted and imprisoned for their crimes . 
  ` support ' for ` violent and oppressive regimes ' is a very dangerous road to walk down . 
  as much as it can be used to stop groups that are negative for society , it can be used to stop groups that are simply opposed by the majority . 
  waving an isis flag does n't actually cause anyone to be injured ; certainly nobody is supporting the act of waving the flag , but that people have a right to wave * any * flag . 
  if that escalates to violence , though , that is absolutely something that must not be tolerated . 
  this always happens when i try to play geoguessr . 
  are there any statistics available for quality of service statistics like average ping ( to various servers ) , uptime , packet loss , etc. ? 
  i mean , i 'm living in a place where i have very fairly * fast * internet , but any sort of streaming content , voip , games , etc. 
  is extremely unreliable . 
  in many cases it 's better to have internet that is somewhat slower , but more stable , than internet that has higher download speeds at the cost of everything other than downloading large files . 
  are you implying a legal basis for the criminalization of fedoras ? 
  all roads are now double-decker . 
  north/east roads on top , south/west roads on the bottom . 
  nationalism solved . 
  as an american , you do realize we have fifty judicial systems ( that are below the federal system , but independent of it in matters not of federal jurisdiction ; there is even a state with a civil law legal system ) , fifty flags ( most of them hideous ) , many states have an official state song ( among many other official state things , flowers , birds , and so on ) , and we exclude the rest of the world from our major sporting events for the explicit purpose of beating other states , right ? 
  europe should unite in a way that works for europeans , not in a way that mimics any other nation or region, 
   nato flag i had to google this to have any idea what it looks like , and i 'm not sure if i 've ever seen it before . 
  i 'm american . 
  eu flag is certainly more recognizable . 
  the minimum wage in some parts of china is about $ 1.10 usd -- and not everyone is actually making that much . 
  you 're thinking more about china 's middle class ; but the fact is huge parts of the population are still living in extreme poverty , and the idea of spending $ 3.50 for a vpn would be like an american spending $ 30 a month for al jazeera . 
  most are n't going to see the point . 
  i think you 're a bit short-sighted on what chinese people want . 
  they 're not aiming to get rich quick any more than people of any other nation ; they 're trying to eke out a living , hopefully save some to support themselves in the future , just like the rest of us . 
  yes , there 's a bit more pressure on males due to the high abortion/abandonment rate of female offspring , but it 's not a mad dash for money and wives . 
  in many cases , they are n't , though . 
  good vpns are n't cheap , and most people just do n't care that much . 
  the number of people who fight for free speech is dwarfed by the number of people who do n't care ; even if you get through the gfw , it 's so slow that you find it to be a waste of time . 
  still , there 's a big difference between a company deciding it did n't like the image one of it 's subsidiaries was putting out and a government deciding to block access to controversial issues . 
  i was only mentioning the lack of passports because it is relevant to the discussion of national id and issuing authorities . 
  domestically , we mostly rely on state issued id , while internationally we travel on federal id . 
  i do n't think americans dislike travel at all , i think we like it as much as anyone else , but the diversity of our own country , combined with the hassle of international travel , makes a lot of people want to see what they can domestically . 
  and yes , i think part of it is that americans tend to look at the most expensive options for foreign holidays . 
  both in terms of countries ( as you mentioned , when we think of traveling to europe , we generally think first of the most expensive countries ) and itineraries ( cruises , luxury resorts , expensive theme parks and attractions ) ; not that those are necessarily bad , but they do make it a lot harder for people to afford it . 
  i 'm not saying there are n't plenty of perfectly valid reasons that americans do n't travel outside of the country more ; there definitely are . 
  that 's part of it , although i think plenty of americans could travel internationally for the same cost as they spend domestically , by trading spending on lodging for spending on transportation . 
  mexico , canada and the caribbean also help through off the numbers , as in the past they did not require a passport , so older americans may have traveled without ever needing one . 
  nowadays there is the passport card , and i 'm not sure if that 's included in figures . 
  generally speaking , dark blue . 
  official/diplomatic passports may be brown/black . 
  us passports are issued by the federal government , not the state , so they 're uniform regardless of where you live . 
  incidentally , the vast majority of us citizens do n't have passports , since most americans are content to travel domestically . 
  the primary form of identification within the us are state issued drivers licenses ; photo ids are available for those who ca n't drive , but the dl is by far the most common . 
  i 'm sorry , but no . 
  there is no law that would allow for this . 
  saying `` right to self determination '' does n't give any group a magical ability to declare itself the rightful government of a given tract of land . 
  texas is no more able to secede from the union than they are able to violate any other constitutional provisions or federal law ; just as the majority of texans may not be able to impose laws that would infringe on constitutional protections , they may not secede from the union in order to impose such laws . 
  i 'm sorry , but that is simply not the case . 
  there is no more reason that a state could decide to secede than a city , county , township , or individual property . 
  states in general do not allow territories or regions to unilaterally declare themselves independent ( there are rare exceptions ) ; the us is no different . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/texas_v._white scotus has clearly held the constitution as disallowing unilateral secession . 
  states submitting to the union are bound to follow the constitution . 
  well , yes , that 's what i want to ask you . 
  you mention putin 's comments on annexation as a possible course of action after western ukraine runs off to join nato/eu ; so i 'm curious as to whether you ( and/or your reading of the russian government ) considers this to be something that russia could intervene with .
