  certainly , the people have the right to oppose the actions of their government , and to demonstrate their opposition . 
  if the people wish to secede , it becomes much less clear whether they have a democratic right to do that . 
  for example , i am american , and no american state has the right to unilaterally secede from the union . 
  on the other hand , if part of , say , mexico wished to break out of their federation and join us , i think there would be a sizable amount of support for them , and opposition to any efforts on the part of the government of mexico to reign them back in . 
  my question comes in where russia has , or feels it has , the support of the local populace . 
  basically , do you see the protection of those peoples who see themselves as russian to be more important than respecting the sovereignty/territory of your neighboring states ? 
  ( to be clear , i do n't ask with any sort of agenda/personal motivation , i do n't have any opinion on which side is right , either in the russia v. ukraine sense , or in the legal question of whether local democracy should overrule national democracy . 
  i am purely curious as to your opinion , and what you think the opinion of others in russia would be ), 
  so your view is that `` russian '' areas ( whether that means linguistically , culturally , ethnically , etc. ), 
  in other countries should belong to russia , should their citizens wish , regardless of whether the rest of the second country agrees ? 
  so much like south ossetia , then ? 
  how would you say the situation of annexing eastern ukraine and south ossetia are similar/differ ? 
  edit : to slightly add/rephrase , would you say that russia values the protection of `` russian people '' over the sovereignty of other governments and their territory ? 
  they 're * brown * . 
  traditionally , umbrellas were essentially communal property . 
  this is only really true between friends nowadays , although some shops will loan umbrellas out on an honor system . 
  umbrella theft is still somewhat common though . 
  sure , vote on america without letting us in on it . 
  we went to war for that , you know . 
  centralized power is bad because it 's easy for bad policy to be enforced on a large scale . 
  localized power is bad because it 's easy for bad policy to resist change across significant regions , even when the majority finds it atrocious . 
  the implementation and continuation of such bad policies can happen on either scale , and is largely more from factors of culture and what sorts of influence are legal and common than it is from the form of government itself . 
  i would point out that many of the usa 's more backwards policies and bigger corruptions happen at the state and local level , partially due to the lack of media attention , partially because voters are largely more apathetic or even supportive of local issues viewed negatively outside their region . 
  the banner of `` states ' rights '' has often been used to justify denying civil rights to minority groups on a state-by-state level ; it can also allow a minority of voters to be the `` this is why we ca n't have nice things '' when it comes to progress on issues that require or would essentially only be effective with economies of scale ( such as welfare programs and universal healthcare ) , issues where non-compliance severely undermines efforts in neighboring states due to the shared customs zone ( such as banning firearms ) , or issues where policy decisions made by one state can have economic influence on citizens of other states with no right to vote in that jurisdiction ( such as workers who live across state lines , state manufacturing standards , or school textbooks ) . 
  obviously i 'm coming at this from a progressive standpoint , but the same points can apply for conservatives as well ( the military is only strong because of centralized government ; legalization of narcotics and obscene materials in one jurisdiction will affect those next to them ; local taxes may be raised to absurd levels in certain neighborhoods while others nearby stay low , etc. ), 
  simply centralizing power is of course not the best and only solution , but i would be very wary of ` early usa ' style federalism . 
  there 's a reason that the south still has issues with civil rights for minority voters . 
  there 's a reason the only four-term president was the new deal president . 
  when we look at the balance of power in federal governments , we should n't be looking at the past with rose colored glasses . 
  the other issue is that guns may ( uncommonly ) lead to accidental shootings or ( more likely ) suicide , not classified as homicide . 
  assessing gun safety issues by looking at murder cases is like assessing car safety by looking only at car-pedestrian crash fatalities . 
  there 's a pretty good [ wikia ] ( http://starwarsfans.wikia.com/wiki/star_war_the_third_gathers:_the_backstroke_of_the_west ) page that explains a large amount of the origins of how the film was translated and retranslated to get the result that it did, 
  had border disputes with canada , and took territory from mexico , and a ton of islands in the south pacific ( plus hawaii ) , and a bit in the caribbean , and bought alaska from russia , but ignoring that . 
  and ignoring the fact that the eu is ( at least , was ) growing fairly regularly east . 
  you do realize that new states had to be approved to join the union , correct ? 
  so then what is your argument , that europe is a continent , but they 're talking about the eu , so it 's unfair to make comparisons of the eu to the us , because the us is a political union , so we should compare it to the ( poorly defined ) continent of europe instead of the political union of the eu ? 
  that it 's not fair to compare the safety statistics of the us to the eu because the us has been a federal republic for over two hundred years , so our fifty states have greater diversity than the twenty-eight sovereign countries that comprise the eu , which has been around for a tenth of that time ? 
  oh , wait , but we 're comparing the us to all of europe , not to the eu , so that 's 50 countries ( arguably 56 ) . 
   the eu lets in members selectively do you understand how america went from 13 colonies to 50 states ... ? 
   it 's like saying that `` europe is violent '' or `` europe is at war '' because of what 's happening in ukraine . 
  you realize that they 're talking about the eu , right ? 
  correcting an american 's statistical analysis is n't just condescending , it 's darn near racist . 
  yes ( in legalese , generally , although it may be interpreted otherwise if it clearly should be ; in spoken english it can go either way , but should be clear from the emphasis ) , also it 's a moot point anyway since it 's a translation of the original japanese , which was also part of a guidebook , not the actual effective written law or regulation . 
  but hey , i 'm sure if you telephone it through enough other languages and sources , he 's correct . 
  when you find yourself in a war over something as trivial as karma , you can never back down . 
  would you actually eat anything you were told came from la ? 
  exactly . 
  there are any number of protocols and methods for implementing a cashless society that have no need for government interference or visible transaction logs . 
  there are some major cash-cards used in various countries/cities that keep the value on a chip inside the card itself -- this has been generally a bad idea \u2122 , or at least poorly implemented , since it can allow for people to do things like [ adding money arbitrarily ] ( http://www.fuzzysecurity.com/tutorials/rfid/4.html ) , but there 's plenty of room for improvement in the future . 
  cashless only has to mean government controlled if we want it to be . 
  there are existing solutions ( e.g. 
  in bitcoin , or just using foreign payment systems the government has no access to ) , and certainly better systems can be developed if there is demand for it . 
  immigrants who have gotten in under a visa program and migrants who have gotten in on an asylum basis or illegally tend to be extremely different in character and background . 
  yeah man , shit be whack, 
  that the request is coming from an individual does not mean it is not an exercise of state power . 
  individuals could request any number of things from google -- where google is obligated to act or risk a lawsuit , there is the exertion of the power of the state . 
  the state and the legal system have strong interests in protecting some individual interests and ignoring others ; this is , for example , where many disputes in tort law arise , especially in establishing causality , fault , and liability . 
  especially in areas where the law grants injunctions or demands specific performance ( i.e. , not just monetary damages ) , it is the state compelling an actor to perform a given action ; and especially in terms of censorship , where the state may allow the censorship requested by some individuals while denying others , it is hard to argue that it is not a state action . 
  whether or not it 's a * just * or * reasonable * exercise of state power is another issue , but it is the state stepping in to demand results be redacted . 
   `` and let nobody cite ties of friendship here , '' he said . 
  this is an incredibly sad thing for the leader of any country to say . 
  yes , and hiding that information from google does nothing to actually fix the problem . 
  the information is still there for anyone willing to use a foreign or noncooperative search engine , or vpn to foreign google . 
  if this becomes common enough that employers feel a benefit to using , e.g. , us google to research employees , they probably already have a vpn subscription sitting around anyway . 
  * especially * if google came back telling me some results had been censored , you bet i 'm going to be willing to spend some extra money to find out what my employee is hiding , and why every single contact he has in his time at my company is going to be extra curious about his record . 
  it literally only adds inconvenience and cost to potential discriminators , in the best case scenario ; in a worst case scenario , it is used to censor things that should not be censored , or as an excuse for the government to close down internet services such as vpns and foreign websites . 
  yes , it sucks that some people have information that is untrue , malicious , embarrassing and so on circulated . 
  that is not a reason for hacking away at public records and covering up free speech -- if there is a specific issue with a website , that should be dealt with by legal means ; as it is , the law is seeing a crackhouse and shutting down the road instead of actually dealing with the problem . 
  perhaps not , but i do n't believe it 's okay to censor the public record to achieve that end . 
  it makes much more sense to me to provide social programs to support rehabilitation and reintegration than it does to try to pretend that good people and potentially good people never turn to crime , and to censor records and information to achieve that end . 
  most importantly , this sort of thing only effects search engines operating within eu laws . 
  search engines in other countries , and search engines willing to go against any censorship lists , are still going to find the information , because the information has n't been removed . 
  if the information is troublesome , it should be deleted at the source , not at the link . 
  anything else leaves it just as troublesome , but locked off to parties who are n't going to pay extra access fees -- it also gives governments an excuse to start blocking technologies such as vpns , and blocking out foreign addresses . 
  it 's bad for the rehabilitated , it 's bad for society , it 's bad for the internet ; it 's a brutal short term solution to fixing minor ( comparatively , although certainly important on a personal level ) problems . 
  censoring google results makes information inaccessible , it does n't remove websites actually illegally posting private information . 
  censoring google results also hides legal information , including much information that people may feel they have a right to access ( for example , sex offender and other criminal registries ; other public incidents and knowledge ) . 
  mass surveillance of the totality of everyone 's traffic is terrible . 
  public access to publicly available records is something that the state provides for in a democracy , not blocks off because parts of those records might cause inconvenience to someone . 
  this is the digital equivalent of the state taking a black sharpie to the archival newspapers in a library . 
  if you 're saying why it 's in the news , yes . 
  if you 're saying why it deserves to be a story , not at all , really . 
  someone adopting a popular narrative to suit their own interests in an otherwise minor incident is just not news . 
  reporting on something purely because it is incendiary , and not because it is relevant or important , is poor journalism . 
  it 's actually a non-story because this is an argument presented by his lawyer . 
  arguments made by lawyers on behalf of their clients ( or by clients on their lawyer 's advice ) are not necessarily meant to be good law , policy , or reasoning , but the best attempt the lawyer can to protect the interests of his client . 
  nobody has to actually believe it for it to work . 
  edit : let me put this another way because some people do n't seem to get it . 
  the lawyer is n't necessarily even good ; even if he is , he may have another strategy he wants to advance here ( for example , setting up his client as uneducated for more lenient sentencing , rather than expecting it to actually work as a defense ) . 
  that a lawyer brings an absurd argument before a court is of very little more relevance or importance than your boss making up absurd reasons why you should do something a certain way , or your friend making up absurd excuses for why he let you down . 
  if there were a string of cases being decided where this was perceived as a valid reason , or a case making it through a court of appeal with this reasoning , yes , maybe something to be concerned about . 
  this is literally just one guy saying something he thinks might help another guy ; that he practices law does not mean that he thinks what he 's saying is good law . 
  this is , at most , the sort of thing you see on a legal news website with `` look at this guy 's reasoning '' ; it is not relevant to the populace in general . 
  if you were to compare it to another profession , this would be like a mechanic fixing a leak in your car by wrapping it in duct tape . 
  his goal is just to help you keep your car running a bit longer while he waits for parts . 
  instead , it gets blown up in the media as an example of the lazy , half-assed work done by mechanics that 's putting our streets in danger . 
  nobody knows if the mechanic is an oil change guy or owner of a small chain of garages , nobody knows what his goal was in using the duct tape was , but a bunch of people are upset because they see it as an unacceptable solution -- which the mechanic himself may well agree with . 
   good security comes in layers . 
  borders are those layers . 
  would you be in favor of id checkpoints on major highways , flights , and trains between various regions of france ?
