  all the best stuff !, 
  did i just invite a bunch of french scientists in ? 
  do french researchers work the clock like an average laborer ? 
  researchers i 've known work all out on a paper , take a short break and then start the next one . 
  do n't take my comments as singling out france , i think it would apply to many other countries too . 
  i 'd guess that labs and universities could easily or probably already function as multilingual environments . 
  i 'm thinking more in their personal time , like shopping , or interacting with the local or regional government . 
  also , sure i think over time being immersed in the environment you would have to work to not pick up things . 
  no disrespect intended , but it 's like inviting in science professionals , who will be spending like 40-plus hours a week doing their research , into a country that does n't like to speak english . 
  they will have a bad time because during their few hours of free time they can either spend it learning french , or trying to get by in a country that does n't speak english . 
  if i was going to spend any meaningful amount of time in france i 'd try to learn some french . 
  but trying to lure scientists and scientific community members in from an english speaking country to one that has high linguistic barriers like france seems like not a good idea . 
  they 'd come and work ( they may be able to work in english ) but have a miserable time anytime they are not working , as most scientific work is mentally taxing . 
  where would they find the time and patience to master french , a romance language , while continuing their full time research ? 
  i believe that 's what he is saying . 
  not many speak french in the us scientific community , and france is n't too keen on dropping the french language , so it 'd be a bad time for them . 
  it 's not gay if you say no-homo before you leave the train . 
  i like that they moved the federal district out into the gulf of mexico , that 's shows initiative !, 
  it must be language or just the general american insularity . 
  it 's fascinating that we learn all about how the us helped germany and kennedy and berlin , yet i 'd say the widespread consensus at least in my experience in ohio is that many europeans are unfriendly to americans . 
  that 's interesting , going by our domestic sources over here i ca n't say they depict most european nations as pro-us certainly not germany . 
  most news i 've encountered is that a lot of europeans do n't like us . 
  i 'm an ohioan and funny i was just reading about the saarland the other day , but no street view there so i could n't look at photos . 
  they can trust or not trust , the united states is a country just as any other . 
  would you say the same about any other country changing leadership ? 
  for most of our history the country was basically isolationist a slight reversion toward that seems to be in the cards , but the world is a much different place now than in the early twentieth century . 
  i think a lot of stuff from the 1700s seems weird now . 
  only the oaths were necessary and that could have been conducted in the backseat of a car , it 's all just an excuse for the politicians to have a party . 
  i do n't think you 'd have to be a monarchist to acknowledge that either way of inducting a head of state ( coronation , or inauguration , ) has a lot of pomp , circumstance , and religious tradition . 
   it 's a country the entire world feels ownership of momentary politics come and go , but the fact that the world is welcome in our home never changes . 
  it may be that demagogues put up temporary barriers but they will be not last forever , and the true character of the american people will always shine through . 
  exactly it 's just a tradition . 
  church attendance across the country is declining sometimes dramatically . 
  and , besides that the coronation of kings and queens in the uk is performed by the archbishop of canterbury a wholly religious figure . 
  latest to arrive . 
  also they are relatively small compared to the german communities in the late 1800s - early 1900s . 
  [ immigration numbers from the 19th century ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_americans#19th_century ) there was a thriving german language press and media , and it along with all other languages , as will chinese , korean , and spanish , be assimilated into general american culture . 
  of course it did , one american cultural homogenization instead of several mixes of various european cultures . 
  there used to be swaths of german language communities , italians , polish , all mowed under by it . 
  now i ca n't say it 's bad because it 's all i know , but it does make you think . 
  polish influence is pretty strong around the great lakes . 
  p\u0105czki have started showing up in grocery stores already here in ohio . 
  i 'm ok with that . 
  i think as a giant federation we 've just about run the course , things are starting to creak and the seams are fraying . 
  a loose confederation of several large regions would probably serve us and most vulnerable people in the world much better . 
  you 're not hip ( ster ) enough unless you 're moon-walking or unicycling to work ... duhh, 
  is n't this incredibly old ? 
  i feel like i 've seen this story at least twice before . 
  health care yeah , labor laws ? 
  you think we 're all indentured servsnts over here ? 
  dude , we have labor laws . 
  i was just trying to give a reason , kinda giggled when i wrote it . 
  for what it 's worth i 've never seen an un-circumcised penis in person . 
  it looks better in dick pics ? 
  i find it interesting , it certainly challenges common notions that we pay lower prices over here . 
  although from the amount of complaining i 'm not sure the u.k. can beat apple 's prices in the us haha . 
  prices on price tags do n't make that much of a difference in real life , not enough at least to obsess over it . 
  the highest sales tax amount in the entire united states ( 9.3 % in a state ) is still well below the lowest vat price in the eu ( 17 % , ) including the uk which is 20 % . 
  i mean where did you see that average cost of living meaning rent , food , clothes , typical things you need to live average over 7,000 whatever unit lower ? 
  i 'd guess his insurance is through an employer too . 
  some of the marketplace plans were pretty low in the bronze category and covered a bunch , maybe with subsidies that could get down to $ 30 ? 
  but that 's going to end when paul ryan rips us obamacare , and probably medicare too , next year . 
  better than that i 'm a union employee who pays $ 0 premium and have excellent insurance through my job . 
  really ? 
  i 've never heard this . 
  do you happen to remember where you saw that ? 
  indonesia has the biggest muslim population on the planet , and they 're pretty respected . 
  insert boring cliche loan analogy here < if the bank loans me $ 1,000 and i do n't pay the bank owns me , if the bank loans me $ 1,000,000,000 and i do n't pay , i basically own the bank . , 
  it was n't much of a building more like a park 's information center and they had some actual grievances with department of the interior 's policies , not that that excuses an occupation . 
  the only injuries and deaths were on the militia side . 
  i think the difference between stable , very stable , sustainable , and very sustainable are probably that not dramatic or even quantifiable . 
  there 's no evidence that the united states is in a position of ending it 's 100 + year stability any more than finland , or canada is ( btw canada was on the verge of splitting like just 22 years ago ? ), 
  so this being anything more than a pr/marketing campaign for the fund for peace , is unlikely . 
  the winner of all european foods !, 
  https://www.gasbuddy.com/gaspricemap?z=4 going into the holiday weekend the prices look good !, 
  oracle did n't invent java , sun did and they were bought by oracle . 
  sun was actually a way cooler company and way less douchey than oracle . 
  25 \u00b0 c is n't even warm enough to get in the pool , maybe 27 \u00b0 c but definitely 28 or higher . 
  no , we were lucky throughout the cold war that humans on earth were n't eradicated through a discharge of nuclear weapons . 
  read up on it , of north korea falls and south korea tries to reunify as an american ally , war with china is inevitable . 
  in what way ? 
  mutually assured destruction is a kludge and all it takes is a slip-up and our entire species is wiped out . 
  do you know we 're edging closer and closer to a disharge of nuclear weapons over north korea ? 
  mutually assured destruction is n't and should n't be considered a viable long term solution . 
  that does n't sound ideal, 
  it would take a ton of work and a global consensus that any weapons capable of making the planet inhospitable are banned . 
  then quite a long period until it came to fruition . 
  it might be impossible , but it 's a worthy goal . 
  that 's dumb we need to go the opposite direction , with no countries having nuclear weapons or the capability to build them . 
  i think it has to do with the number of meeting rooms and convention centers spread all over the place , where i think europe does n't have the same type of facilities except in the big or capital cities . 
  the international language of business and science is english . 
  it 's not that weird that non-english nations would want their tertiary education to give their students a leg up by instructing in english . 
  i 've encountered fernsehen before , but never put 2 +2 together what it would translate to , i like farseer . 
  how does it reduce the chances of horrific abuse ? 
  a hardcore abusive parent is going to beat their kid regardless of the law , the same way being illegal does n't stop child trafficking . 
  yes !, 
  my favorite of this year !, 
  it 's on logo 's website , just push play . 
  singing to himself , it 's actually a fairly good song too !, 
  he 's really emotive , it adds to the song !
