  i 'm not sure which side i fall on nationality versus ethnicity . 
  my family has been here since the 1800s we 're definitely american , but i just did that dna ancestry and my dna was 100 % european mostly british , with significant french and scandinavian . 
  according to the results my dna was equivalent to someone living in great britain today . 
  do we just appropriate the dna and call it american now , or do we look back to where our ancestors came from ? 
  first paragraph reads like typical european stereotypes of america , second then third graphs made up for it , have an up vote anyway . 
  does n't it go back to when northwest airlines ( who are now delta ) and klm did that whole partnership and they wanted a full merger but either the u.s. or the eu was like no way ( probably more us than the eu ) and so they made skyteam and the air france merger was more of a second best solution ? 
  i think now you are n't required to put down a `` reason '' to request one in most states , you just send in the application and they send you a ballot . 
  whereas before when they were truly absentee you had to at least mark a reason like you 'd be out of the county or something . 
  blame the gays ? 
  we have this in the us too . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/initiatives_and_referendums_in_the_united_states many states even have the ability for the public to initiate referenda and initiatives . 
  one left-hander there , for france . 
  lefties represent !, 
  that 's because the photographer processed the crap out of them . 
  becaus he 's not indicative of the `` millennial '' public at large . 
  he also probably lives in new york . 
  i live in the midwest and make 2/3 of what he makes and among my friends and peers our `` silly liberal '' politics are n't shifting towards donald trump . 
  some of my friends have built houses , others continue to rent no one is under a ton of pressure , our cost of living is lower . 
  but the opportunities that you get in the big cities are far fewer here , so it 's a trade off . 
  also why he 'd be making much greater than the median and seeking out other employment is nuts , and means he 's a workaholic , also not indicative of the `` millennials '' at large , i wish i had more than 15 days of pto , not more time working . 
  not entirely sure they 're projecting the image they want to by not hiring proofreaders , the headline copy reads . 
  * `` david cameron lives the transatlantic trade deal so much that he has , in the past , claimed it was all his idea in the first place '' *, 
  that 's probably the best scene of that whole stupid movie , well besides the dance party at the very end . 
  are we thinking in different time frames though ? 
  i 'm thinking about the migrations that happened when the tribes moved into europe up from africa . 
  then relating to that in the very recent time-frame did borders even become a thing . 
  i know that for hundreds of years and countless generations villages and towns were settled by the same families and tribes with little interbreeding . 
  when i say migrated a lot i 'm thinking much further back than 1800 . 
  i was n't obsessed just curious . 
  i 'm definitely an american , and both sides of my family have documented family trees showing who came from where . 
  i was just interested to see if somewhere something foreign snuck in . 
  also i 'm pretty sure no one in the united states actually thinks they are an irish/scottish/welsh citizen , they 're just trying to find common ground with you . 
  do n't need to take it personally . 
  absolutely , thousands of years ago people migrated all the time , it was n't until the late 1800s when the nation-state developed that borders got locked down , blame the germans for that . 
  i 'm an american from the midwest and i paid $ 100 for the stupid dna spit test , and when the results came back that i 'm basically british i was a little [ unimpressed ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8ykxp05.jpg ) i was hoping for some secret exotic thing . 
  apparently my family came from great britain and the northwest part of europe and just stayed that way . 
  i did n't know that . 
  english is like the king of synonyms !, 
  english also has `` fall '' which is out of use and considered archaic in britain but still modern in north america . 
  wiktionary says the etymology is : from middle english fallen , from old english feallan ( `` to fall , fail , decay , die , attack '' ) , from proto-germanic * fallan\u0105 ( `` to fall '' ) , from proto-indo-european * p\u014dl - , * sp\u014dl - ( `` to fall '' ) . 
  you got them right . 
  everyone has to learn all the states , and their capitals , in elementary school . 
  so theoretically they should get them all right . 
  in truth if we 're talking someone who 's pretty parochial , or just does n't care you can assume they 'd get the coasts and their region correct and have a somewhat vague idea about the rest . 
  i 'm actually pretty shocked seeing / r/europe being so pro-russia over this . 
  i did n't know there was this much anti-turkish sentiment in europe . 
  what good would showing foreign television without english subtitles do though ? 
  people would just ignore it , and it would be a waste of spectrum/bandwidth . 
  i 'm with you guys on wishing more foreign programs were broadcast in the english-speaking nations , but not without subtitles . 
  if you really want a good sandwich though you 'd have to go to a sandwich place like panera bread , the sandwich would run you like $ 7 https://www.panerabread.com/en-us/menu-categories/sandwiches-panini.html#bacon-turkey-bravo174-sandwich [ here 's how they actually look too ] ( http://i.imgur.com/afn26fr.jpg ), 
  unless they start making stuff in english it does n't matter if they have full access . 
  no one wants to watch tatort , or verbotene liebe , when they all might as well be speaking gibberish . 
  i agree though if they want to put up cultural walls , we should fight back with some of our own . 
  like , no we wo n't enforce your protected geographic indications , if you want to protect your specialty foods get in line and get a trademark , good luck . 
  i like [ luxembourg ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bjhe1uf.png ) , not enough countries use lighter shades on their flags . 
  think how much cooler neon flags would look !, 
  i do n't disagree with you , for as many people that absolutely hate us there are people who adore just about anything and everything american ( sometimes i do n't know why , lol . ), 
  but i do n't think the president-elect puts much stock in soft-power , he seems to be advocating forms of isolationism . 
  wishful thinking from a non-us north american ? 
  force projection fueled by the huge domestic market keep america a super-power . 
  you have to be in the top 3 electoral college vote winners , by the 12th amendment . 
  everything but gas stations and movie theaters ( also chinese restaurants for the jews ) is closed from 5pm christmas eve to like midnight christmas day , so what sacred holiday do you want ? 
  ahh but we have stores truly open 24/7 , so we may be delusional on stuff but i can get my ben & jerrys at 2:45 am on a sunday, 
  would n't that be because the british aerospace industry is more tied to the anglosphere ? 
  haha it 's interesting to me the currents that run through different subs and how really different they can be . 
  like for r/europe what i wrote is apparently outrageous , in other places i 'd be pretty conservative . 
  how so ? 
  for someone complaining about me stereotyping you , you sure are making a ton of assumptions about me . 
  for one thing i probably agree with you on greater than 90 % of your opinions on society regarding freedom of expression . 
  but by lumping political correctness , and feminism together you put yourself in the company of people who actually think the world was a better place in the 1950s and long for those days . 
  also i would n't consider myself a feminist , i 'm simply a citizen who strives for equality and justice for any and all . 
  and if that means being polite even to people who you find absolutely reprehensible then that 's what it is . 
  i do n't actually support hate speech regulation , and prefer the least amount of regulation on expression as is safely possible . 
  what you call censorship , i actually call being polite or succinctly not being an asshole . 
  as for `` social justice warriors , '' i 'm divided , on one hand , self-segregation is perfectly fine with me . 
  we already permit the wealthiest to self segregate into gated communities , if an affinity group , or a minority wishes to segregate themselves into like minded spaces who am i to stop them . 
  it only becomes a problem when they try to expand the `` safe-space '' for example to an entire campus , that 's not ok . now the part about identity , i 'm totally ok with , if someone does not identify in a traditional sense , who am i to tell them otherwise . 
  a third person non-gendered pronoun exists , although i will admit i find it gently amusing when some want novel pronouns , i politely ask if i instead may use they/them . 
  overall , our societies are diverse , factional , and fractured at this point in time , but being polite is virtuous no matter how disenfranchised , or disadvantaged one may feel . 
  working to unite , and unify rather than divide should be everyone 's goal . 
  i remember the good old days when it was ok to just say things like they are . 
  back when men got respected , of course i can beat my wife and call women bitches , and cunts . 
  minorities well yeah they deserve those slurs because come on they 're correct . 
  damn now i 'm getting all upset about how i 'm not being respected need to go have some of these doctor approved menthol marlboros . 
  i 'm not sure i would consider the feedback he got for that to be because of political correctness . 
  half of the american population is n't really a minority , although i guess technically 47 % is a minority , the rebuke he got was because not a ton of people actually consider half the american population worthless deadbeats . 
  can you give me an example of where political correctness has stifled someone 's true freedom of expression ? 
  also can it be one that was n't just the person being an asshole ? 
  that 's what this whole `` debate '' is about , politically correct language is just about not being a dick . 
  question from an american here . 
  is the language barrier not really a thing anymore ? 
  if talent from the uk speaks english and the firm moves , do european governments offer up english translators , or at least translated forms ? 
  that 's interesting , so you do n't have a class that 's like , these are nouns , these are verbs , this is how you diagram a sentence ? 
  growing up i never recognized that we were actually taught english in school . 
  english class ( language arts was what it actually was called ) was actually teaching us the rules of english that i already intuited from being a native speaker . 
  but ireland does n't teach language arts ? 
  ireland does n't teach grammar in school ? 
  i wonder if any small towns have considered it though ? 
  it could be a village bonding experience !, 
  haha , ok i could n't find any consumption data , i 'm sure it 's out there i just could n't find it in 10 minutes of googling .
