p\u0105czki so good !, 
  love when february comes around , they 're in all the grocery stores around here in nw ohio with the polish community . 
  ohh sure , ignorant when they clearly elect people like orban , and say some muslims will disrupt their society irreparably . 
  npr had some woman on today who kept calling muslims , moo-slims and said hungary is a closed homogeneous society that is scared of muslims so we should n't really expect them to be humane and welcoming . 
  so please tell me which part of what i said was wrong ? 
  if really picky means do n't be dying of a disease , then yeah we were picky . 
  `` new arrivals were processed quickly . 
  in the registry room , public health service doctors looked to see if any of them wheezed , coughed , shuffled or limped . 
  children were asked their names to make sure they were n't deaf or dumb . 
  toddlers were taken from their mothers ' arms and made to walk . 
  as the line moved forward , doctors had only a few seconds to check each immigrant for sixty symptoms of disease . 
  of primary concern were cholera , favus ( scalp and nail fungus ) , tuberculosis , insanity , epilepsy , and mental impairments . 
  the disease most feared was trachoma , a highly contagious eye infection that could lead to blindness and death . '', 
  [ ellis island ] ( http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/amex/goldman/peopleevents/e_ellis.html ), 
  this is true ... ok i 'm down with it, 
  i 'm cool with denmark and uk , but those intermarium guys , no thanks . 
  edit : lol downvotes , not my fault being humane is foreign to intermarium countries, 
  it used to be like that but it 's ending pretty quickly ( amazon opened a data center here in ohio and now we have to pay sales tax , ) it 's ok it 's under 10 % in even the highest rate state tennessee ( 9.45 % ) so it 's almost negligible compared to a vat . 
  it does n't change the quality of the music and it is a good video . 
  but it 's definitely not spontaneous , and it 's not something done out of goodwill , it 's a contrived marketing campaign . 
  though i 'm not saying that marketing is bad , i love marketing . 
  it 's a bank ad [ som sabadell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gbahpnd2qjg ) sponsored by banc sabadell . 
  flashmob not so much lol . 
  the first credit was a bank , seems kind of like an ad with the way they keep pointing the camera and focusing on the banc de sabadell building . 
  ohh you had me going there for a second , 
  very confused right now , not sure if serious , or excellent at sarcasm ... 
  that video is of a character , made for an american entertainment company . 
  while he may have actually felt that way in real life , you do realize he was being paid by the wwf ( wwe now ) over here right ? 
  he did n't just make that video for fun , lex luger was n't a real person . 
  you mean because it 's regarding professional wrestling ? 
  lol , i was n't sure what to think . 
  i thought this would be a joke thread until i started seeing some of the real nasties start about american food and government . 
  so that 's what american culture is ? 
  wow learn new stuff everyday ... 
  well i read the comments section , probably should n't have . 
  interesting people you guys have over there . 
  there 's a little variation , i had n't even thought about wages , i was thinking cost of living like groceries and clothes . 
  prices are uniform across the united states , is n't the goal to achieve the same thing ? 
   bamf spokesman christoph sander said was skimming and had to go back and see if bamf was another abbreviation than the one i already knew . 
  would an ez government not also have elected representatives from france ? 
  why would they vote for a party that would do that ? 
  i googled it before nobody knows why/when it changed , i think someone probably just rearranged it to lgbt one day and it stuck . 
  conspiracy theory would be militant feminists pushing an agenda , but i do n't think that was really the case . 
  always marginalizing the gay guys . 
  long ago it was glbt , then the lesbians took charge and now it 's lgbt , next quiltbag stick the gay guys last ... ;-), 
  that 's the segregation case that was the exception , it was like because imminent violence was likely and they could only intervene because the state was acting in contravention to protecting minorities or something , i do n't know , i read about `` states rights '' once for a while because all the states were screaming about the 10th amendment . 
  of course the federal government could turn evil all of the sudden and try to kill all of us with the army , people believe all kinds of conspiracy theories about fema camps and stuff but the law says no you ca n't use the military against american citizens . 
  it 's called [ posse comitatus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posse_comitatus_act ) , and no the federal government can not deploy troops onto the streets of montana all willy-nilly to enforce their will , the exception that you noted had something to do with violent acts or something like that , i do n't really remember exactly . 
  but there is no ability for the federal government to deploy troops into a us state at will just because the state is refusing to enforce a law . 
  on the other hand states have the ability to nullify any federal law they do n't deem to be constitutional or just do n't want to follow , and the states have done it and will continue to do it , although it 's provocative to the federal government ( i.e. 
  the supreme court has called nullification unconstitutional a bunch of times , but it does n't stop states from doing it , as they did with the real i.d. 
  act . ), 
  i did n't claim the eu was a closer union than the us , but if you think the us is a unitary state dressed up as a federation , you 're not well informed . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're talking about , because the federal government absolutely can not force montana to exit the union . 
  if you mean that the federal government can coerce a state to do things by either denying or placing restrictions on federal money then sure it 's sort of similar . 
  our state governments though are pretty much independent of the federal government , except in the few enumerated powers given to dc . 
  you realize the winky face meant it was a joke . 
  my food is completely safe too i 've never come across food borne illness , or toxic chemicals , and i realize that nothing i say on here will change your beliefs . 
  and , that 's ok because you live in a first world western democracy , and you are free to hold any beliefs no matter whether they are based in fact or fiction including anti-american if you so choose . 
  well that 's an entirely different thing , that 's called paternalism . 
  it has nothing to do with free markets , it 's more about control and controlling others . 
  the bottom line is there are not massive waves of people dying in the us because of our food safety standards , so it really just looks like politics from the outside . 
  i can understand that , although i do n't really understand why certain europeans think all we eat is processed , chemical-laden , garbage . 
  have they not heard of whole foods ? 
  thanks , i appreciate your reply , i have n't really found any information online about how `` bad '' our standards really are . 
  most of what i 've found comes from sites like natural news . 
  labeling i think is a fair one because big-ag fights any initiative to changing them , animal treatment is appalling , but as smart consumers we have to be discerning and choose manufacturers that treat livestock well . 
  i think in reality our standards are not actually lower than europe , just different , and i also think a lot of the rhetoric comes less from people actually worrying about eating american food , and more from people injecting politics into it . 
  protected geographical status . 
  it 's the draconian system the eu dreamed up instead of granting trademarks to producer groups , the pdo , pgi , and tsg , indicators . 
  i 'd disagree that in times of economic turmoil any nation should conduct austerity , but that 's just different economic ideologies anyway . 
  i 'm not saying waste more money on hollywood products . 
  i 'm saying i 'm more in favor of equal and open markets , and less on the side of protectionism for domestic film and entertainment industries . 
  well explain it then , i 'm not sure whether you were trying to paint me as a neo-con or an adherent to mercantilism . 
  besides diluted bleach water for cleaning poultry , which standards is the us so abysmally low in , compared to europe ? 
  lol , seriously ? 
  haha ok , i 'm down with that . 
  i favor the tpp much more than ttip anyway . 
  it is my belief that ttip will formalize the eu 's bullshit pgs scheme , and i also think ttip wo n't do enough to open europe up to hollywood and our entertainment industry . 
  as far as my belonging to a group that is concerned about opium ? 
  uhh , ok , umm , yeah i do n't know how to respond to that non-sequitur , who brought up opium ? 
  well maybe they should n't be making legislation which favors domestic firms over firms domiciled in places which they have signed a treaty with . 
  easy enough to avoid a dispute , is to not play favorites . 
  government finances are not in any way comparable to home finances . 
  so the `` pay what we owe '' mentality is only good for getting elected . 
  after assuming office politicians are either briefed about economics , or they were just giving lip service about the debt to get elected . 
  it seems to me only ukusa , and the abca armies are the true allies , the rest of europe is more or less wishy-washy on stuff . 
  at least that 's how i 've perceived it . 
  if the european nations were as good allies as five eyes was i do n't think there would be as much divisive spying as there would be more cooperative spying . 
  funny thing about `` harry '' ( or daniel radcliffe in the real world . ), 
  [ he 's actually a huge nfl fan ] ( http://www.mtv.com/news/1872275/daniel-radcliffe-american-football-quiz/ ), 
  it has n't been blocked by congress , it 's been ignored by congress because the puerto rican political party pdp ( which is linked to the democrats ) advocated voting in a way which semi-spoiled the ballots . 
  so the congress wants a much more decisive referendum before they act . 
  the pdp is to blame here , more than the us congress . 
  yes , the worst is you lose your job . 
  the company on the other hand can be sued though , for that sweet sweet compensatory damages settlement . 
  i can see your point . 
  i agree , i would n't call myself anything but american . 
  i just think we 'll probably need another 500-1 ,000 years before the dna diverges enough to find a discernible `` american '' ( or united states-ian for the pedantic crowd ) ethnicity . 
  interesting question .
