  so i 'll take your word for it that the dutch are big peanut eaters . 
  really , we put peanut butter in a lot of things ? 
  maybe we should have a world competition , where we invite some dutch to a pb fight . 
  i bet we could win it !, 
  they talk a big game but when it comes down to it [ sf is still an american city ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/search/starbucks/@37.6868061,-122.4186903,10z ), 
  there is zoning but not a ton of `` planning '' like the uk and i guess ireland . 
  the closest i can think of is granting liquor licenses those are done through a system of public notices and brought up at city council meetings before being approved . 
  zoning changes are routine and mundane things that are like a 30 second items during a meeting , all in favor say aye , then zoning is changed . 
  yeah i thought the same thing . 
  i do n't think our ( meaning the us , probably canada too ) copyright laws work that way . 
  so you 'd be violating the terms of service of their website , and they 'd be able to kick you out , and cancel your subscription . 
  i think you have to be making money from it before they can get you on criminal charges . 
  that 's why i 'm wondering how/why this would affect reddit , if it 's based in san francisco . 
  in any case the fbi 's staff is n't that large ( 35,000 according to their faq , ) and their copyright enforcement staff is only a fraction of their total headcount . 
  advance most likely is covered by eu law . 
  but is reddit itself ? 
  as far as i know they only have offices in sf . 
  we 're not exposed to any of the first part through our media or our culture i think it 's the language barrier . 
  the ongoing meme would be germany and germans hate us . 
  many us states also have referendum/initiative , direct democracy procedures too . 
  no one complains when it 's a referendum to ban smoking , but they sure do yell and scream when the referendum yields results they do n't agree with . 
  obama out of office in 7 months . 
  does anyone take any of the credit rating agencies seriously anymore ? 
  they have been shown to bow to politics ( i.e. 
  russia ) and they do n't seem objective in the slightest . 
  did n't mcgraw-hill take a huge hit , after the agencies credibility regarding mortgage backed securities was investigated ? 
  * mcgraw-hill not pearson . 
  huge ? 
  it 's up like 400,000 votes , the huge numbers are the disappointing podemos loss at 1.2 million votes down . 
  yeah looking at the maps online it seems like that 's how they did it . 
  my spanish is just a tiny bit better than terrible but it seems like it wo n't be stable for very long and another election will be called probably sooner rather than later . 
  lower turnout though . 
  it looks like the only party that got more actual votes this time was pp , interesting, 
  is pp only picking up votes from c 's , it does n't seem like psoe or up 's percentages are much different than december . 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  is it psoe opposed to iglesias ' unidos podemos , or up opposed to the socialists ? 
  that 's a very umm , optimistic outlook . 
  good luck with that . 
  why would that happen ? 
  northern europe speaks english because of american media not the british being in the eu . 
  i did n't down vote you i upvoted you . 
  i was kidding , it 's because people use europe and eu as synonyms when they mean different things . 
  ohh [ victoria nuland ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/video/2014/feb/07/eu-us-diplomat-victoria-nuland-phonecall-leaked-video ) does n't apparently like them ( the eu that is . ), 
  i understand the point that the us likes the uk in the eu to influence . 
  but to say well we ca n't use them anymore so screw them is a little much . 
  there 's no way we turn our back on our father nation . 
  hopefully he was just saying that in the midst of the campaign , if not well he 's only got 6 and a half months left in office anyway . 
  nope attaching outboard motors to the east coast and heading out to sea , that 's why they 're all so sad . 
  i 'm all about that anglosphere . 
  every british person i 've met has been awesome . 
  i think it 's more about people yearning to be heard . 
  if you do n't listen to the public speaking after a while they start to shout and scream . 
  this is what we 're seeing now , the people shouting . 
  lindsay lohan political commentator , that 's great !, 
  what did the container say ? 
  the fda sets purity guidelines meaning you ca n't call something honey on the label unless it 's honey https://www.fda.gov/food/guidanceregulation/guidancedocumentsregulatoryinformation/labelingnutrition/ucm389501.htm the honey on the shelves around here in ohio is usually made from clover , and says clover honey , it has a different taste than wildflower honey . 
  but none of it has corn syrup in it , i have no idea what source that guy got his info from because he does n't cite anything . 
  a calorie is a calorie and the major problem with convenience food is that it 's full of salt and sugar when it does n't need to be , preservatives are a whole other category but they also usually do n't need to be in there . 
  things are changing slowly but surely , we 're rectifying urban food deserts and a lot of consumers are refusing to buy food with too much sugar and salt and preservatives . 
  that 's what i 'm saying but i would n't call it dubious . 
  it is full of salt and sugar and preservatives that absolutely do n't need to be in there , and food deserts in our urban areas are a huge problem . 
  but a lot of the problems with american food has more to do with convenience and lack of time , rather than maliciousness . 
  no , despite the european outrage our food is n't actually toxic , or fake . 
  if all you do is buy cheap , processed crap then yeah you 're getting a lot of chemicals and preservatives , but we have plenty of fresh real , high quality food here . 
  by the way that guy cites absolutely no sources in his video , and comes off as kind of a dick . 
  for one thing i 've never seen any honey sold in any grocery store that did n't say 100 % pure honey , with a note on the back that it should n't be fed to infants under a year old . 
  since he cited no sources i can only conclude he made it up . 
  i have n't heard many negative things about jp morgan they probably are as scummy as gs just better reputation . 
  those americans so bad , so bad . 
  non-corrupt officials , democracy , freedom of the press , they had an agenda !!, 
  i think you mean plurality , a majority is 50 % +1 , supermajority would be 60 % or 66 %, 
  uk is n't affected either way they are not in schengen , their visa system is already separate . 
   and through pidginization i believe this is still being debated among linguists . 
  the other house is on a lake or in some cases in the mountains , so the other house has more stuff to do at it . 
  i 've never camped in a tent , i might try it someday , but my parents were definitely hotel people , even though now my mom has turned into an rv person , but that 's mostly because my stepdad races dirt bikes on the weekends . 
  weekends in the summer and fall . 
  they have bad habits , and not enough time . 
  they also do n't see how a cfp can straighten things out for them , and really increase their bang for their buck . 
  if you own the car you do n't have to pay their mileage/car maintenance . 
  competition for good nannies is a hot market , some of these nannies are pulling in 39,000 a year plus a paid-for car , and benefits . 
  they do n't lease just one , one for the wife and a prius for the nanny/housekeeper . 
  there 's also the `` cottage '' which is usually as large as the main residence , and then there 's kids . 
  and because you work 50-60 hours a week in your practice you do n't see your kids so add two-three big ticket vacations a year to show them you really do love them . 
  a few houses , cars , kids , tuition , it all adds up . 
  and i 'm talking suburban midwest , so not like upper west side , they just have poor financial skills , you need to plan , set a budget , stay within your limits and you 'll fly . 
  most people live paycheck to paycheck , so do n't be fooled by common misconceptions . 
  i 've known surgeons who make over $ 350,000 a year who live paycheck to paycheck , they sometimes are smart enough to save for retirement , but poor financial habits do n't change as you go up the income scale you just spend more . 
  this is true , when using the standard deduction you should get only a small or no refund , or you 're giving the federal government an interest free loan and waiting for them to decide when to send it back to you . 
  if you set your exemptions right and do n't have children at the end of the year you would have more money in your bank account and not get a refund or owe anything . 
  i believe counterproductive would be an understatement . 
  just looking at their export of wahhabism ( which is sadly not a extreme love of horse radish , ) should be enough for us to go wait , wait , wait , and re-evaluate things . 
  for real we belong together , europe spawned the united states haha . 
  another thing people have to remember the orange-faced clown , won by only around 79,000 votes scattered between pennsylvania , michigan , and florida . 
  he did n't win massively at all , if we were n't tied to an 18th century system for electing the president he would have lost by millions of votes . 
  i 'm not on board with the us vs. eu fight , i 'd rather us move even closer as we share languages , cultures , and values . 
  but , wishing for the us to collapse is probably not a good idea considering a country such as the united states with the largest military and that has more than enough nukes to put the world into an extended nuclear winter , which will have nothing to lose after it has `` fallen down to mexico '' levels is probably not going to be good for continued life on this planet . 
  but you know that 's just me as a dumb american speculating . 
  we 're all relatively young i think . 
  the trump dictatorship will most likely fizzle within two or three decades at most . 
  ohio \u2764 's belgium , fries , waffles , beer !,
