you do know that it shows not only that you have but the timestamp when you edit a post , right ? 
  so not only were you wrong to say shops rather than some shops , you were even wrong to say britain rather than scotland ? 
  walk into any 24 hour asda at 2am and buy a crate . 
  watch how easy it is . 
  http://www.24houralcohol.co.uk/ or try any of those shops . 
  i think maybe your first post was misleading then . 
  rather than saying that shops can not sell alcohol betwen those times , what you mean is that some shops can not sell alcohol between those times . 
  since your information is limited only to the license for the shop at which you work . 
  a shop would effectively have the same license as a nightclub , and i 'm sure you 're aware that a jight club can sell alcohol between those hours . 
  there is no reason a shop could n't have a license for the same hours . 
  can you provide a source for this ? 
  i am absolutely certain that i have bought alcohol through the night from shops on multiple occasions . 
   i do n't think any reasonable person would claim is valid provocation . 
  provocation is only a mitigating factor ( an excuse , not a justification ) for your actions . 
  your actions would still be a crime if you , for example , attacked the man who was having sex with your wife , however will likely not receive the maximum sentence . 
  there is no such thing as `` valid provocation '' , the closest you 're going to come is actual self defence , when you feel you or someone else is in danger . 
  take a situation such as la in the 70s and 80s . 
  would you consider it to be a hate crime to attack a `` crip '' , because they were targeted specifically for being a member of that gang ? 
   of the protected class that 's where it all falls down . 
  it 's a hate crime because it says right here that it 's a hate crime , see !, 
   someone who sleeps with other people 's wives ca n't really be classed as directly provoking you . 
  so it 's only a hate crime if there is no provocation ? 
  would it be a hate crime against adulterors if i was to attack the man sleeping with my wife ? 
  revealing clothing on women can gain women an unfair foothold over some men simply based upon their appearence . 
  women are n't expected to and in a lot of situations women are n't even appreciated for wearing a miniskirt . 
  that 's an old fashioned feminist argument that no one really tries to use anymore because it 's not the case . 
  `` there 's that guy who always wears that pink ski mask again . 
  what a weirdo . '', 
  so muslims have to be `` brown people '' ? 
  and you 're blaming everyone else for racism ? 
  however , picking the bad stuff from the ot to counter islam is pretty silly , since it 's generally mostly accepted as canon in islam . 
  sorry man , my apologies for misunderstanding . 
  i 'm not sure how you read anything in my post to suggest that i think the way the op worded it was misleading or confusing . 
  i 'm saying exactly that , it was very clear . 
  saying `` i holiday here '' is misleading . 
  that might mean that the op never holidays anywhere else in europe except england , which would be the complete opposite of the intended point . 
  going out wo n't help . 
  instead of reddit , i spend time going out . 
  it does n't translate to girlfriends . 
  confidence and being interestinf does . 
  going out obviously increases your chance to meet girls , but if you do n't speak to them or interest them , they are n't going to care . 
  he already said he is in favour of it , did n't he ? 
  the situation is `` because you 're a woman , you 're likely to do x '' , not `` i have any reason to believe you are actually likely to do x '' . 
  tuna fish, 
  you 're making an awful lot of strange assumptions . 
  a typical flush handle in the uk has two sides , one for a smaller flush and one for a larger flush . 
  the larger , obviously , being to flush away after you take a shit . 
  the typical inhabitant of the uk has two hands . 
  one with which they can wipe their arse and the other with which they can flush the toilet . 
  maybe it 's a different situation elsewhere . 
  you seem overly worried about the situation . 
  i try not to shit on the flush handle . 
  i can assure you that if i did , i would wash a lot more than just my hands . 
  what things ? 
  why are you shitting or pissing on the things in your bathroom ? 
  why are you pissing on your hands ? 
  fuck me , if they 're hiring guards that are going to snap and start shooting people that easily , the problem is n't with the visitors . 
  we had songs during our daily assembly , if that counts as collective worship . 
  we might have even had to recite the lords prayer sometimes too . 
  but it also does n't mean that the original article is false or debunked . 
  that 's fair enough . 
  i guess i was doing to this post , what the blog does to the articles . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a bad resource , and completely i agree with the concept of debunking the fear-mongering in the tabloids . 
  but it 's definitely not debunking all of those things . 
  take the very top one for example , that new legislation will force a number of abattoirs to close . 
  the `` debunk '' says that not even half of uk meat is produced in abattoirs that meet the required standard . 
  and [ here 's a food.gov article ] ( http://www.food.gov.uk/multimedia/pdfs/board/fsa080504a2.pdf ) stating that `` many plants decided to close or put the facilities up for sale rather than invest '' as a result of that new legislation . 
  i do n't even think it 's saying that it 's not true . 
  i went through and read some of them and they were all basically true , just the site provided justification rather than the fear-mongering in the ( invariably ) daily mail articles quoted . 
  the way the confetti guy walks in between them , i think the back guy works there too . 
  i do n't think they 'll need to do that much convincing , that seems to be happening on its own already . 
  you mean you 'd have expected him to do better ? 
  i agree . 
  i do n't think it 's bullshit to say he was n't heard enough . 
  your post is literally the first i 've heard about him campaigning every day . 
  maybe the people he was campaigning to heard a lot more from him , but i was more aware of the position of many other mps than i was of corbin 's . 
  if the media are n't reporting it , that 's probably why he was n't heard enough , but it does n't stop it being true . 
  the first opportunity just happened to be the biggest test he will likely ever have as labour leader . 
  and he did pretty badly . 
  are those facts not correct ? 
  did you link the wrong article , that one does n't seem to address the validity of the contents at all . 
  i 'm going to petition my local mp for secession to get my little town back in the eu even if we go it alone . 
  why not she ? 
   i do n't believe you when you say that racism is in only `` a few '' nazis . 
  i think you 're lying . 
  convince me . 
  i read this article earlier as `` ceo of corporation claims his company to be best in industry '' , and kinda just ignored it . 
  one of these things is not like the other , or have i been wrong all this time when i thought judaism is a religion , not a country ? 
  my point is , no one is going to fill in any forms with `` half-arsed muslim '' under the religion section . 
  well , something that would n't be considered an insult . 
  people are unlikely to self-identify with a group which is almost unanimously seen in the negative . 
   ahmed , who considers himself a muslim , but eats pork , drinks alcohol and does not give too many fucks about praying 5 times a day i think it says quite a lot about a person who subscribes to a chosen faith , yet considers it to be false . 
  well either considers it to be false , or is actively trying to be judged as unfit for heaven , and be sent to hell . 
  maybe at this point it 's come down to a language issue , as we do n't have a religious denomination for `` muslim , but do n't believe any of the doctrines '' . 
   but a lot of times people do not distinguish between a religion , in the abstract sense , its manifestations ( from the mild to the extreme ) and it 's adherents . 
  you do n't necessarily need to . 
  obviously treating all muslims as terrorists is n't a rational thing to do , but judging a person based upon their chosen belief system is n't such a ridiculous idea . 
  you can be xenophobic towards foreigners from predominantly muslim countries . 
  xenophobia specifically refers to foreigners . 
  religion is completely different , as it is a belief system that has to be adopted and has a documented opinion on things .
