  that 's probably better indeed , although they should honestly state their intentions during the referendum campaign , and not literally come up with photo 's of the balkan war and say ` if you vote no you get this ' like the dutch government did in the previous referendum . 
   constitutional amendments trigger a general election , same in your northern neighbours , and it still requires a 2/3th majority in the new parliament . 
  in the netherlands parliament needs to be disbanded after a proposal to a change to the constitution has been adopted . 
  specifically to ensure the people vote on the constitutional amendment as we do n't have the ability for a binding referendum . 
  so they need to adopt the proposal with a regular majority , hold parliamentary elections , the new parliament then needs a 2/3 supermajority , and after that the senate needs to give majortity approval , and finally the king or one of the ministers needs to sign it off . 
  that 's not what you said , or more specifically implied . 
  you implied they own the power of policy making and so can give it away as they see fit . 
  that 's not the case , you can not give something away that is n't yours . 
  that power is owned by the people , and if they desire to delegate it to a foreign entity that is their choice , and their choice alone . 
  what they do with popular opinion is a different matter that should be judged on an individual basis , but is irrelevant to the matter of giving away power to a foreign entity . 
   the model of representative democracy that is a both de jure and de facto standard in the western world . 
   the model of representative democracy temporarily delegates the power of policy making to representatives , but it does not give them the ownership of the power of policy making , that 's part of the model of authoritarian states . 
  it is not theirs to give away , it is theirs to use to the best of their knowledge limited by law and time . 
  no , the people never voted again and did n't accept the lisbon treaty . 
  the lisbon treaty was a slightly modified version of the constitution the politicians pushed through against the will of the people . 
   because those powers do n't belong to parliament , they belong to the electorate . 
  precisely , you worded it a bit more poetic than i did , thanks for adding . 
  a referendum will decide wether this will ever happen or not . 
  best timing is when negotiations are concluded , obviously they will not change afterwards . 
  the people of each country will either accept or reject it , when everybody had their vote those that accepted it can adopt it , those that did n't can start negotiations to form a two/multiple-speed europe and will not be part of the superstate . 
  parliaments represent the people , if another body is to do so that should be the choice * of * the people . 
   and why france or uk do still have territories from ex-colonies ? 
   because these remaining territories are not viable states . 
  that 's why most of them ended up getting internal autonomy , but delegated sovereignty . 
   i can assure you that it is n't seen as a burden and was n't at the time . 
  it allows power projection , influence around the world , greatly increasing exclusive economic zone , diversifying economy ... 
  i can assure you that it was a burden . 
  it allows power projection for an army nobody had anymore , that would fit in a power model that was no longer viable , would give influence that was no longer valuable , and an eez that no longer benefitted the mother country . 
  colonies are outdated , they do n't fit in the modern political and economic systems anymore . 
   `` the time has come for europe to think big and to convene a constitutional convention , '' the people from several countries rejected the idea of a european constitution . 
  so that 's out of the question unless they think the situation has changed to such an extent that we require a new referendum , but i have no reason to believe people changed their minds . 
  citizens should choose , not parliaments . 
  parliaments are elected to represent citizens , if another body is to do so in stereo with - or instead of - that should be the choice of the citizens . 
  colonies became a burden soon as it was no longer permitted to exploit them . 
  because the majority wanted to be part of russia , and not ukraine . 
  crimeans have been trying to get out of ukraine since the dissolution of the ussr . 
  also '17 years old ' , often males well in their 20s or 30s who claim they 're children to increase their odds of asylum . 
   because it realizes it can have the same problem at home . 
  yes , because it 's in their interest to do so . 
  china has much greater potential separatists threats ( tibet , taiwain , hong kong etc. ), 
  than russia , the last one can afford to be more liberal in its support to foreign separatists . 
   when is it worth fighting a world war then ? 
  good question , i prefer to never fight another world war . 
  obviously there 's a line somewhere though . 
   when you got that cancer spread all the way to viena ? 
  to paris ? 
  they could n't sustain an occupation of so much land and people , they would n't want to go further ~ ~ east ~ ~ west than poland , and that 's pushing it . 
   well thats not fair , you can say the same exact thing about brexit . 
  and we know how that turned out . 
  you can never be certain , but yes they probably thought they knew the outcome there as well . 
  however russia knows that when it denies tatarstan independence they will deploy the armed forces in a heartbeat , the uk knows that when scotland declares independence the uk will not deploy the armed forces . 
   either way i find it baffling that nearly 97 % of people in crimea voted that way . 
  seeing there are the tartars and some ethnic ukrainians who are against russia . 
  they boycotted the referendum . 
  it was n't exactly the best referendum ever held to put it mild , however they have wanted one since the dissolution of the ussr and ukraine never gave them one . 
  had their been a fair referendum , the odds are a large majority would 've voted for russia . 
  ( though not in the 90 % range , mor like 60-70 % )  it really has done no good , seeing that only countries with horrible human rights records even recognize crimea 's secession . 
  i do n't know , we 'll have to see how it turns out for the residents . 
  it ca n't get much worse than being part of ukraine though . 
   germany did n't want them , sure [ looks ] ( http://www.pro-medienmagazin.de/typo3temp/_processed_/csm_54660_54661_5936bc6732.jpg ) like they wanted them . 
  even german trains have welcome signs in arabic on them these days . 
  germany wanted them , and invited them , unfortunately they did n't live up to their promises and responsibility after they got what they wanted . 
   they simply were the only ones to take them . 
  that sounds unfair to sweden , and to lesser extent to those that got caught up in this maddness ( belgium , netherlands , finland ), 
  i 've never heard of it , but if patties look like kroketten and bitterballen i 'll take your word for it . 
   take china : it never supports separatists , because it realizes it can have the same problem at home . 
  so it 's in their interest to not support separatists . 
  the uncomfortable truth is that 3 city sized states are n't worth fighting a world war over . 
  upside is that russia probably thinks the same . 
  downside is that nato is showing it 's unsure , and that russia might not need to outweigh it against a large armed conflict . 
  it 's kind of a sad thing to debate about , on the other hand balts are welcome here in my opinion should they lose their home land . 
  better move your life here , then lose it there i would say . 
  does n't strike me as terrorism . 
  did n't have any political or ideological/religious goals . 
  our kebab looks like [ this ] ( http://www.waymadi.nl/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/kapsalon-4-640x427.jpg ) , it 's called kapsalon . 
  is n't a flair supposed to represent the country you 're from ? 
  i do n't have a flair , should i get one i 'll take the one from my country to avoid confusion . 
  i 'm not sure , denying your own people a referendum is often not a good idea either . 
  besides they may have known the odds were in their favor . 
  overall the west has no integrity , moral guidance or ethics , only interests . 
   by treaty , there is ( currently ) no way to leave the eurozone without also leaving the eu . 
  then they make one . 
  a government representing 60 million people is n't going to be held back because an article is missing in some paperwork . 
  if they want to leave they 'll make a way . 
  ` another one drives the duster ', 
  not particularly , the traditional northern eurozone members are suffering from high unemployment . 
  austria has the highest unemployment currently since the '60s [ 1 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/austria-unemployment-rate.png?s=umrtat&amp;v=201607072212n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ) , belgium is doing moderately , certainly no ` created jobs ' [ 2 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/belgium/unemployment-rate ) , luxemburg has the highest unemployment levels since the '80s [ 3 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/luxembourg-unemployment-rate.png?s=oeluu003&amp;v=201607261513n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ) , netherlands is high up in the unemployment as well [ 4 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/netherlands-unemployment-rate.png?s=neuetotr&amp;v=201607261913n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ) , finland is another tragic case , no records here , but no signs of ` jobs created ' [ 5 ] ( http://cdn.tradingeconomics.com/charts/finland-unemployment-rate.png?s=umrtfi&amp;v=201607262113n&amp;d1=19160101&amp;d2=20161231 ) . 
  as you can see only germany is faring well with the euro , and not so well that you can account for all the losers . 
  so overall the euro is a big loss for europe . 
  agreed . 
  not sure about the loony in the suzuki swift , did he have a political motive ? 
  it 's kosovo , for a kidney and a liver you can get anything done there . 
  they do n't have a backbone , but they would like to have yours if you accept visa . 
  as long as they 're not considering to leave they have n't suffered enough . 
  so does everybody , hardly worth writing an article about . 
  yes , a general upward trend , the oil crisis was far less severe than the eurocrisis for europe . 
  sure there were issues , not everything was fine , but overall things in europe improved up until the turn of the century when things started to go the other way . 
  there was no glorious lost period , there was an upward trend of things improving that reached its peak by the end of the 90s , things have been going in reverse since then . 
  it would be stupid for hungary to prevent them from going to germany . 
  that 's pretty much what everybody between greece and germany thought .
