  germany wanted them , those in between did n't , so why would they stop them ? 
   it is and will keep being easy for crazy people and islamists to kill and spread fear . 
  especially when you open the door and invite them in . 
   we have to deal with this as long as is is alive . 
  and after . 
  there were islamic attacks before isis existed , and there will be after . 
   reports of a possible affiliation with ** the sun ** . 
  rupert murdoch behind it again , that cheeky old bastard . 
  in 2004 mohammed bouyeri publicly gruesomely murdered theo van gogh , that was the last i think . 
  ` prinsjesdag ' last year the intelligence services supposedly managed to foil an attack on the parliament building in the hague . 
  but this was done in such an orderly fashion that nobody noticed and nobody was told until a while after . 
  you can expect a very harsh response though , during that moluccan train hijacking they even used fighter jets ( 6 f104-starfighters ) . 
  we 'll be okay , we have n't really had a terrorist attack since the murder of that cartoonist . 
  though it would be a very inopportune timing with the elections coming up . 
  robbery in a church ? 
  what are they going to steal , the buckets with coins of donations ? 
  or frikandel , either will work . 
  of course not , governments create , expand and maintain the environment in which the well of can evade taxes . 
  to solve tax evasion you ca n't look at the government , you 'll need someone or something else to do it . 
  perhaps there 's greater global stability , europe 's own backyard is getting less and less stable though , obviously we do n't benefit from that , quite the contrary . 
  foreign aid spending is peanuts , and is contrary to popular believe , actually earning money as well . 
  ( those billions are n't just spend on digging a water well , they 're spend on helping companies export , and helping companies import . 
  title of the submission . 
  of course you can deport them , ca n't is never the issue , will not is . 
  * 1 you can send them back to their country of origin , which is n't turkey . 
  * 2 the pull factor of northern europe disappears when there 's no way to reach it . 
  subsequently northern europe also needs far more firm asylum rules and more frugal immigration policies , this is complementary for the best result . 
  see who you can deport right away , the rest can be put in temporary tent camps . 
  we have the advantage that there is no push factor but a pull factor creating these mass migratory moves , eliminate the pull factor and they 'll stop coming . 
  then we have ample time to decide what to do with the people that arrived between the borders being closed and the streams drying up . 
  really ? 
  so athens and all is a pontoon ? 
  i meant a wall on the albanian , macedonian , bulgarian border obviously . 
  ministry of applied marxism, 
  the world is n't getting worse , but europe is . 
  no , around greece . 
  there are two reasons to consider waiting ; * the future relation with the uk and the eu is unclear , you do n't know the details of the future trade * the uk is n't allowed to negotiate trade deals in its current position , so you will be alienating the rest of the eu, 
  delicious salmiak and salt licorice . 
  stroopwafels , bitterballen , kroketten , drop , hagelslag , oranjekoek and occasionally a stamppot of choice . 
  only a combination of these in the right quantities will lead to the desired results . 
  for now , our welfare states are nearing their end . 
  and i do n't think you want to know what will happen when we ca n't feed , wash and cloth them anymore . 
  germany invited them though , hungarians never asked for it . 
  contingency ? 
  as in a possibility ? 
  yes it should be made a possibility for members to voluntary join . 
  we have nothing to gain from it and should stay out . 
   the shooter hated muslims and specifically targeted them . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  it does n't really matter that much since belgium and the netherlands have n't had borders since + / - ww2 . 
  otherwise it could easily be solved if there was a need to , now it will be solved in the future with the impending anschluss of flanders . 
  even if nato would be dismantled ( which is unlikely ) , then we go further alone . 
  we 'll cooperate with others in specific scenario 's as we see fit then . 
  if you do n't possess the required swag , do n't try this at home . 
  what about yugo ? 
  still saw a lot of them when i was in the fyr 's . 
   they all start with a. 
  they both start with an h. 
   i 'm just telling you it is yes , locally . 
  in most of the regions it is n't . 
  that may be , but it is n't used as such . 
   this is a replacement for nato no thanks . 
  if some members want this they should try it , we should n't though . 
  if it 's financed by reducing cohesional funds or something related , and not by increasing contributions , i 'm fine with it . 
  ahaha that sounds ridiculous , but fair enough maybe it 's a local dialect , i 've just never heard it before . 
  generally though in dutch ` gekwetst ' means that ( non physically hurt ), 
   there is the lighter `` gekwetst '' for minor wounds/sports injuries . 
  ` gekwetst ' means you 're hurt psychologically ( for example someone insulted you ) not physically . 
  no they just leave them there , no attempts to push them down the drain . 
  to shave the beard , open beer bottles , cut kebab and poke between the teeth . 
  i present to you ( drumbs beat ) ... the [ most bad ass ] ( http://img.aws.livestrongcdn.com/ls-article-image-640/ds-photo/getty/article/106/86/480337904_xs.jpg ) object of choice . 
  triple bad ass points to anyone declaring anonomously on reddit that he would do it . 
  showers are often used as toilets ( number 2 that is , which led to tensions and complaints between ethnic groups in these centers ) some countries are n't use to sitting toilets we have here , so some do n't understand how they use them . 
  ( or do n't want to ), 
  this sounds so familiar as a dutch person , except in public places the municipalities take the pragmatic approach and just have everyone toss everything in one container . 
  oh and that we can bring all stuff to the municipal recycling center . 
  ( iron , wood ( sorted in impregnated wood and non-imp . 
  wood ) , paint , batteries , paper , electronics , dry wall , asbestos , oil/chemicals , glass ( sorted to colour ) , stones etc. 
  everything can be brought to the municipality every day for free ( or well everybody pays a static monthly due ) and every home recieves 3 containers , a blue one for paper , a black one for trash , and a green one for organic waste , they 're collected once in every two weeks at your drive way . 
  containers for cotton and glass are placed in every neighbourhood . 
  me too , as far as i 'm aware knifes can only have a blade of under 7,5 cm , single cutting side , and no automatic folding mechanism . 
   [ ... ] * a * attacker [ ... ] we do n't know if he serves the many faced god . 
  that 's even more bad ass than a car , you qualify as double bad ass . 
  looks like we 've got a bad ass over here . 
  sure , the law does n't make a difference in weapons used , only that for non-life threatening violence you are n't allowed to use life threatening violence in defense . 
  so running over someone with a lorry after he slapped you on the cheek is disproportional . 
   no , i do n't know the reasons , neither i said it was that . 
  you implied this was domestic violence ;  ** unfortunately , it happens everywhere . 
  it 's not like the west has 0 crimes of domestic violence . 
  ** --  i 'm saying that this is n't something that never happen . 
  ` this ' being domestic violence , which would only be relevant if it actually was about domestic violence . 
  i was wrong as well , jumped the gun too quickly , my apologies . 
  to clear it up , i think you are right in that the family of the deceased robbers went to court to try and get the da ( om ) to prosecute them for murder/manslaughter , but the da ( om ) itself initially decided to not prosecute them . 
  and it seems the family lost several cases . 
  some more info here ; [ 1 ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4udnh4/man_with_machete_kills_a_woman_and_injures_two_in/d5ow9jn?context=3 ), 
  no it is n't . 
  you 're allowed to defend yourself with proportional violence . 
  it did n't take a case at all , the public prosecutor decided not to bring it to a judge . 
  ~ ~ she was n't even convicted for the possesion of an illegal firearm as far as i 'm aware . ~ ~ correction ; he was convicted for possesion of an illegal firearm , and sentenced to 100 hours community service and 3 months suspended sentence . 
  da did not prosecute either of them for the shooting because they considered it self defense ( noodweer in dutch ) .
