  and we do n't know wether the man was related in any way to the women and/or the other two . 
  you 're quick to jump to all sorts of conclusions are n't you . 
  out of blue you call it domestic violence , then you equate domestic violence to men killing women . 
  maybe you should show some restraint . 
  portugal sounds like an awful place if you are to be believed , i 've always wanted to visit the country but i may scrap it from my list if portuguese always happen to kill random people in public places with machetes . 
  if he/she did that on purpose that 's pretty bad ass . 
  women never kill men ? 
  who says its domestic violence ? 
   he can veto anything the parliament does , that 's the only real function he has . 
  that 's pretty important . 
   he 's also responsible for representing hungary on the international level , which basically means that he travels to random places on public money apart from the veto on parliamentary matters he sounds like an elected monarch . 
   man proposes in reutlingen with machete [ ... ] rings are old fashioned anyway , so did she say yes ? 
  if they had integrity they would 've banned the us as well if they banned russia , or neither of them . 
  no doubt there are other countries who do the same things as the us and russia . 
   with the summer games set to begin friday , the entire 531-member u.s. team arrives here under a cloud of suspicion , shadowed by the most significant doping scandal in u.s. olympic history , according to experts , officials and athletes . 
   `` u.s. track and field is just out of control , '' said dick pound , a longtime member of the international olympic committee and president of the montreal-based world anti-doping agency . 
  `` there 's a kind of sleaze factor that is unfortunately affecting all the athletes , and that 's not fair . 
  but it 's affecting all of them . '', 
  central islamic agency . 
  i 've had a vague feeling for a while know , but did n't realize they were in that deep . 
  before you 'll know it he may be using porc meat in the meals he serves to the president and his guests . 
  i was not aware they had penetrated the backdoor politics in such high levels . 
  the department of sultanate, 
  which institution of the us provided largest support to corbynist terror group ? 
  * jewish cabal * international committee on universal marxism * ministry of neo-liberalism * department of diversity, 
   there has been no eea members which has used this rule for the entire 7 years period ? 
  i do n't think this measure has ever been implemented at all yet by an eea member . 
  liechtenstein does have a separate structural version of this rule ( but that 's because of their size ) . 
   glad to here the issue is being addressed . 
  probably fixed just about the time of the actual brexit \u00af ( \u00b0 _ o ) / \u00af it sounds kind of ridiculous , but this is a problem in many other eu states as well , they 're not solving this solely for britain . 
  no this is not to keep you in , they do n't want to keep you in anymore for good reason , this is for if you want to remain eea member after you leave the eu as they will not allow you to ( structurally ) limit freedom of movement if you want to stay in the singlemarket . 
  maybe they 'll allow you some slack in applying it , but legally it is nothing new or extraordinary . 
  what they 're basically saying is ; ` you 're leaving the eu but want to remain in the single market , in that case you ca n't control immigration , but immigration is why many people voted out . 
  so we give you a couple of years to apply a break when you leave the eu to compensate voters but remain in the single market ' . 
  after that though you 're back to square one . 
  no problem , for first hand information the eea agreement can be red online by simply googling it , the relevant articles are 112 and 113 . 
  i 've so far not been able to find the articles in the eu treaties again ( non-eea arrangements ) but the eu itself should 've these measure as well . 
  the netherlands among others implemented the emergency break against bulgarian and romanian immigrants after these countries joined , but i 've been told there are yet separate measures for when new members join . 
  7 year is the absolute max. , does n't mean you 're allowed to implement the break for 7 years . 
  you 'll need a specific quantifiable reason to apply the break , including a plan how and in what timeframe you 're going to solve it . 
  the break will be periodically reviewed ( every 3 months ) and extended , or not . 
  the other memberstates are allowed to take reciprocate actions against the state implementing the break as well to avoid an imbalance . 
  so it 's possible the eu would implement trade barriers to the uk for the duration of the break . 
  ( which is likely , as the eu considers freedom of movement to be a fundamental part of the single market )  does that mean that after the 7 year period , the situation is back to the same as now ? 
  and yes , after the break is suspended again the situation is back to what it was . 
  me too , but that does n't seem relevant . 
  by dishonest people * . 
  croatia , czech republic , slovakia , poland , lithuania , estonia , latvia , bulgaria , romania , hungary i would swap them all for britain . 
  britain is a net contributor , a massive economy , a military and nuclear power , a global political player , lots of ( historic ) and cultural relations around the world , a seat at the unsc , a global language with significant soft power , and a larger trade partner of us than any of the new additions . 
   but only once and only for 7 years . 
  maximum , it does n't mean you 'll actually be allowed to use it 7 years . 
  it is also intended to solve specific national 'em ergencies ' , like say a housing crisis . 
  it will then be reviewed every 3 months or so , and if after for example 2 years there 's no longer a ( drastic ) shortage of homes , you 'll have to suspend the break and continue as usual . 
  this is not what britain needs or is looking for . 
   for this we lose our seat at the table . 
  i think you 're better of going for a comprehensive fta instead of the single market . 
  yes , and the french economy minister is n't the person to represent france in matters of borders or migration . 
  spinning that as ` france said [ ... ] ' is dishonest . 
  that 's not true , i would have wanted to keep them in the club for example . 
  i would swap them for a dozen memberstates in a heartbeat . 
   if you expect to be allowed access to our market , as if anybody cares that much about a couple billion euro third world markets of the east . 
  overall you should really consider some anger management therapy , you have issues . 
  in the case of brexit with retaining the single market ;  article 112 * 1 . 
  if serious economic , societal or environmental difficulties of a sectorial or regional nature liable to persist are arising , a contracting party may unilaterally take appropriate measures under the conditions and procedures laid down in article 113 . 
  such safeguard measures shall be restricted with regard to their scope and duration to what is strictly necessary in order to remedy the situation . 
  priority shall be given to such measures as will least disturb the functioning of this agreement . 
  the safeguard measures shall apply with regard to all contracting parties . 
   article 113 * 1 . 
  a contracting party which is considering taking safeguard measures under article 112 shall , without delay , notify the other contracting parties through the eea joint committee and shall provide all relevant information . 
  the contracting parties shall immediately enter into consultations in the eea joint committee with a view to finding a commonly acceptable solution . 
  the contracting party concerned may not take safeguard measures until one month has elapsed after the date of notification under paragraph 1 , unless the consultation procedure under paragraph 2 has been concluded before the expiration of the stated time limit . 
  when exceptional circumstances requiring immediate action exclude prior examination , the contracting party concerned may apply forthwith the protective measures strictly necessary to remedy the situation  for the community , the safeguard measures shall be taken by the ec commission . 
  the contracting party concerned shall , without delay , notify the measures taken to the eea joint committee and shall provide all relevant information . 
  the safeguard measures taken shall be the subject of consultations in the eea joint committee every three months from the date of their adoption with a view to their abolition before the date of expiry envisaged , or to the limitation of their scope of application . 
  each contracting party may at any time request the eea joint committee to review such measures [ 1 ] ( http://www.efta.int/media/documents/legal-texts/eea/the-eea-agreement/main%20text%20of%20the%20agreement/eeaagreement.pdf ), 
   all contracting parties are entitled to retaliate to address unfair trade conditions that may arise out of application of this . 
  that 's no more than reasonable . 
  in the whole article there 's no quote of hollande saying the calais camp could move to britain . 
  it 's sad . 
  british worries about immigration are perfectly reasonable , blaming it on xenophobia , or the big bad nationalist chauvinist is preposterous . 
  the british have welcomed an unprecedented amount of immigrants , in that regard they 're the least xenophobic people in europe and i have great respect they managed to hold on for so long . 
  we 're talking about net migration rates of over 0,5 million per year . 
  that 's a city the size of frankfurt in new people * every year * . 
  france did n't say that , the problem is that when any given national says something people bring it as ` country x said ' . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  no , it was used as such , but it is not limited to as far as i 'm aware . 
   is n't the emergency brake used when a new member join the eu ? 
   they can be . 
  i think some members ( netherlands among others ) used them when bulgaria/romania joined . 
   this seems much better . 
  it is n't . 
  one because usage of the emergency break is regulated by the council and commission , so britain can only ask to use it , and two because it is temporary . 
  it is not a solution . 
  the problem the uk has is that it is the go-to country for eu migrants because language is europe 's biggest border , and the british speak english . 
  actually it 's the other way around , the emergency brake on benefits was much more because it was a precedent . 
  * this * is nothing , the emergency break was something memberstates agreed to include in the treaties when they were signed . 
  it has been there , but it 's not sufficient to solve the uk 's ( and switserlands ) problems , as it is temporary , needs external ratification to be invoked , and needs to be reviewed periodically to be extended ( up to a max of 7 years ) as we say around here , the guardian is trying to make readers happy with a dead sparrow . 
  no , this 'em ergency break ' was already in the treaties . 
  it 's just a temporary measure , they need to be able to prove it is warranted and it needs to be accepted by others . 
  the guardian article brings it as if it 's a breakthrough , it 's not .
