  the eea states ( norway , switserland , iceland ) also have this right , as do all eu members . 
  i see what you did there , surely they would have their own metric indeed . 
  you 're on to something here , shall we call it gyros ? 
  i assumed he meant pm ( v. orban ) , i think the german president is more or less the same as the hungarian president . 
  they sort of thought they needed one because that 's what republics have , but prefered the parliamentary democracy the european monarchies use . 
  does the hungarian president have any powers ? 
  like the ability to ask the resignation of the government or something ? 
   german title is ministerpr\u00e4sident or reichskanzler , right ? 
  no , he resigned . 
  by what metric ? 
  do we even have a universal valuation metric for politicians ? 
  does she trump merkel though ? 
   as an european citizen , ca n't the locals get the job through the same intermediate company as the east-eu people ? 
  ( ex : get hired by a polish company to work in the uk )  i do n't think so , besides many of these intermediate firms are british . 
  they hire polish workers directly , just through shell companies . 
  and even if , why would you have a minimum wage at all then if you allow foreigners to undercut it and then force locals to undercut them as well ? 
  we just need a system that gives everybody an equal wage , that way there 's fair competition . 
   ca n't this be easily fixed by introducing a law that demands a minimum wage for anyone working in the uk no mater the origin of the company that gets the contract ? 
  do n't really think that the eu wold be against that . 
  unfortunately it 's not so easy , the commission drafted a proposal but several eastern states drew their ` yellow card ' , forcing the commission to reconsider/review their proposal . 
  as it stands now they did , and decided to try to push it through anyway , but that ; s the situation so far , the commission is proposing to end it . 
   haha , what does personal belief even mean ? 
  i 'll just change my views according to what 's popular !, 
   that is in fact a typical merkel approach . 
  sometimes parliamentarians are send to accompany a delegation , but that 's not all that common . 
  ministers are n't elected , only the pm ( in a monarchy ) often is ( but even then , does n't have to be ), 
   ah fair , then yes , they 're screwed . 
  but how can there even be `` pension cuts '' if they 're final salary . 
  it 's not exactly based on final salary , it 's based on total contribution in your life time as well . 
  i do n't know the full details , i do believe final salary plays a role , but also that contributions start to count more once you get older . 
   are there protections in place to stop the fund going insolvent or what ? 
  no i do n't think there are . 
  there 's about 1000 billion euro in all pension funds , so the system is not going insolvent any time soon . 
   not the uk entering the ec ? 
  i guess it 's up there somewhere as well . 
   not greece faking their books ? 
  not as much as the core 6 allowing them to do so in order for them to be allowed to welcome them . 
   not hungary having a wannabe putin as president the hungarian president is corrupt , but he 's one of the more responsible leaders of europe . 
   not the british politicians blackmailing the eu for more concessions and never getting enough ? 
  a factor , but we 're the ones allowing them to . 
   sure merkel is worse than all that combined . 
  now you 're going over the top , she 's probably the worst thing ( in my humble opinion anyway ) , not worse than all bad things combined . 
   a posted worker is someone who is send to another country by their employer . 
   intended to be , but is used as a regular way of employment by intermediates hiring a pole because a british construction company needed one . 
   it 's not really a problem for the funds though they need to adhere to the rules , which includes a 105 % coverage rate . 
   unless they 're final salary schemes that rely on a certain percentage interest averaged over a persons life to be profitable . 
  that 's what they are . 
  the coverage rate is determine by the amount of assets it has , and by which amount these assets grow . 
  this leads to significant fluctuations in a short time frame . 
  looking at abp for example , it went from 100,2 % june 2015 , to 88,2 % february 2016 to 90,6 % now . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://www.abp.nl/over-abp/financiele-situatie/dekkingsgraad/ )  if the payout is variable it 's bad for the pensioner but fine for the fund . 
  the pay out is n't variable ( at least not intended to be ) it 's determined by the amount you pay in in your life time ( although the older you become , the faster your pay out rises as you pay in ), 
   is that a joke ? 
  are you legitimately not competent enough to look at that and see your quote and the response to it there ? 
  anyone with half a brain and 20 minutes of reddit experience knows when someone forgets to hit enter so a quote isnt touching the response . 
   you have your recent behaviour against you though , i kind of expected you to do something like this , that may have skewered my judgement . 
  as far as what it says now , it counts for the uk just the same . 
   you refusing to acknowledge facts is n't my problem . 
  the problem is i 'm the only one who has shared facts . 
  you 've so far come up empty handed . 
   like pretending a quote is `` fabricated '' ? 
  or saying anyone who disagrees with you is using strawman arguments and fallacies that you ca n't actually name or point out with quotes ? 
  what a time to be alive . 
  we can continue this conversation once you cool down a bit and get a grip of yourself . 
  they 're not based on taxes , people ( and their employers ) pay a part of their salary into a pension fund that saves that money up for them , this money remains their property . 
  ( the amount you pay in more or less determines what you will recieve out when/if you grow of age ) the ability of a pension fund to carry its obligations is based on the amount of assets ( investments ) it has , and the market interest rates which multiply it over time , relative to the amount it needs to pay in the future . 
  if interests are low , the assets ( investments ) grow less , and so they need either higher contributions or lower pay-outs . 
   they are n't . 
  1 this post was about the uk . 
  that article is n't . 
   equality in order to have fair competition , we started our conversation about that , this is part of that as well . 
   no , you shifted the conversation to that after refusing to back up your first comment . 
  now you 're even fabricating quotes , stay classy . 
   people having other opinions is obviously hard for you , but acting like a child wo n't make them go away . 
  when you write things like this , perhaps it feels good to you , but you are n't fooling anyone into thinking you are n't mad someone disagrees with you and can only react by mudslinging and reflexive downvoting based on feelings . 
  you 're welcome to have your opinion , the problem is you ca n't defend it , and upon being proven wrong you employ malicious tactics . 
  i downvote you for these fallacies , when you 're going to defend your opinion as a decent person you might even get an upvote from me , whether we disagree or not . 
   isnt the minimum wage the same for everyone ? 
   no , ` posted workers ' is what they call it , british companies can hire a pole or romanian in the uk while paying them their domestic wage under eu laws . 
   are not the conditions the same for everyone ? 
  there are differences there as well . 
   except they are , they are n't . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://euobserver.com/economic/134319 )  the commission has said in the past that posted workers sometimes earn only half of their local colleagues ' wages . 
  these are no minor differences either , and posted workers have become a whole business model for intermediates . 
   what does this have to do with your original point about how much they get paid ? 
  equality in order to have fair competition , we started our conversation about that , this is part of that as well . 
   lets not bust out the asinine grade 9 debate tactics , please . 
  also , stop downvoting every comment as soon as you see it , if you want to show any sign of maturity . 
  your comments are generally of low effort and quality , so that deserves a downvote . 
  try laying of the strawman and attempts to put words in my mouth , read what is said instead , and you might be able to have a mature conversation . 
  if merkel would be in camerons ' shoes she would have changed her attitude to pro-brexit following the referendum in order to keep her job . 
  and the german way to do politics is to just brush it under the carpet , deny anything went wrong , and do n't have any responsibility ? 
  politicians resigning is actually common in other countries as well ( in fact in the netherlands it rarely happens that a government does n't resign before the end of its term , the last government to serve it 's whole term was from 1994-1998 , since then all governments have resigned , and plenty of ministers have resigned as well in between ), 
   no eastern european would leave home to work for less than minimum wage , that 's just a council estate myth . 
   on the contrary , loads of easterners work in n-w europe below the minimum wage , it 's a whole business model for intermediates . 
  they must be paid the local minimum wage , unlike easterns who can be paid the minimum wage of their respective country of origin . 
  also some other smaller differences , like lower healthcare costs , lower vehicle taxes etc. 
   youre running from your point . 
  you complained about foreigners being allowed to work for less . 
  someone that complains about people being `` allowed '' to work for less is not pro free market .
