  there needs to be a balance between spending , saving , borrowing and all the rest in order to achieve a healthy economy . 
  and that 's where banks come in , do you think your savings are physically present in a bank ? 
  ` tax un workers until its too expensive to work there ', 
  not in the netherlands or germany . 
  there are different kinds of deflation , demand induced deflation is what people fear , and unfortunately ca n't keep apart from other forms of inflation . 
  ( lower oil price , cheaper supply , lower taxes etc. ), 
   egregious social problems jea , you 've never lived here , probably never even been here . 
  i 've been to both multiple times , warsaw is much safer , neater and cleaner than paris , and there 's much less discrepancies . 
  put them in gibraltar and the only thing bombarded is these ships themselves . 
  you 'll want to keep these new shiny ships at a distance , and just for your information , if it leads to an armed conflict there spain will win . 
  an establishment government argues with another establishment government over a piece ofland . 
  -  blame orban and le pen . 
  are you epileptic , or do you just have no logical reasoning skills ? 
  not if you limit it to compatible countries ( only germany , netherlands , austria for example ) anything else , yes . 
   france and paris are still culturally european regions not entirely , they 're also culturally african/maghrebi . 
   that life in poor neighborhoods of cities is shitty worldwide . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  plenty of cities have a fine underclass ( like the netherlands ) . 
  the issue is that it has nothing to with poverty , poverty is a consequence of their behaviour not the cause . 
  they 're motivated by religion . 
  paris has worse neighborhoods than warsaw though . 
  the rest of the economic misery caused by the euro has become the new reality , some people do n't even notice it anymore . 
  nothing is certain until they start the article 50 procedure . 
  it 's still unclear wether they 'll leave . 
  the queens tea and biscuits , and have her learn to drink coffee instead . 
  if there is such a ` tragic accident ' as jack threatens spain should just take it . 
  hire a dutch firm and drain it . 
  you can pump the water all the way to the donbass for a nice inland sea , sounds like two birds with one stone . 
  i do n't smoke , and neither does anyone in my family . 
  lay of the booze or whatever you soviets do in slavland . 
   you really are high as a kite arent you ? 
  you really are drunk as a caribou are n't you ? 
  ca n't you guys place a couple of refridgerators up there ? 
  they should n't have to , burn him , collect the ashes , send it with dhl international to the saudi king . 
  residents ultimately decide sovereignty . 
  you 're russian , you should lay of the booze if you want to become older than 60 without having your liver burst like a ripe advocado . 
  that 's not up to you . 
  that depends , it is unlikely to remain for a long time as neighbours economically improve , and russia worsens . 
  you 're not funny in the least , with or without / s. 
  i disagree , mowing down unarmed civilians is a terrible idea . 
  transsylvania historically had , just as much of eastern europe , a sizeable german minority . 
  after the expulsion of germans by eastern europe following the end of ww2 these minorities vanished . 
  so start preparing the balkans , send them fences , barbed wire , police equipment , drones , vehicles , personnel etc. 
  there will be another attempt of the masses , it 's vital it is stopped in its tracks so that the fall out of the collapse of the turkey-eu deal will be short and uneventful . 
  that plays a very big role indeed . 
  that 's a tough one ... what if a transrace black transgender pansexual woman would identfy as a refuge ? 
  or would religion count twice the privilige points here ? 
  poland could too , but lithuania is a small country , they would have more benefit from some extra land and people . 
  makes no sense anymore as it does n't border germany . 
  if the russians want to give it away it 's better to add it to lithuania or something . 
  because there 's no trust and understanding between eastern and western europe , and both basically speak a different language ( figuratively ), 
  well , you do n't . 
  he may not be the best person to point it out , but he 's just as right . 
  $ 25.000 excluding dealership costs . 
  obligatory picture of finnish busstop required . 
   must import other societies because of low birthrates among the natives but raising the natives ' birthrates is racist because it is exclusionary . 
  must nothing . 
  it 's perfectly possible to experience a period of population decline , it will rebound by itself to an increase in fertility . 
  the problem is population decline shifts wealth inequality upside down , and they 're generally the best time to be a ( productive ) middle class or low class person . 
  populations must grow for the 1 % to retain their wealth . 
  it does n't matter how , people do n't need to work or be productive or anything . 
   one waiter from a nearby cafe shop was screaming his lungs out because he was angry people ran out without paying . 
  hahaha . 
  excellent opportunity to pass on the bill . 
   `` babies welcome '' [ ... ] racist [ ... ] just another day in germany . 
  it 's 2016 after all , you import full grown males , not concieve baby 's . 
  you do n't really have an argument , do you ? 
  we should cut back on membership contributions , they have too much money . 
  let them learn how to run an organisation the hard way . 
  the ecb does n't have to move office for 5 days a month , they 're unrelated . 
  i could n't think of a better candidate then that , surely there 's no higher level on the privilige stairs then that , is there . 
  yes , assistance , the eu was founded by several countries . 
  since when does europe represent any of that ? 
  there 's a war , there 's no equal rights , and democracy has seen better days . 
  it does n't have to indicate a problem . 
  * women statistically make other carreer/education choices , they tend to go more into the care direction , and not management * women tend to have part time jobs more often this both plays a factor and is perfectly okay , it 's a result of people making their own life choices . 
  or transgender . 
  merit and qualifications are racist , misogynist , xenophobic , sexist and conservative . 
  true followers of marx ignore such perverse ideas from the intellectual class . 
   the money you 'll get for it is just a drop in the bucket of the entire eu budget . 
  nice attitude when dealing with tax payers money . 
  glad you 're not the one managing it . 
   plus with a university you create and preserve knowledge for future generations you speak as if it would be the first and only university in europe . 
   imo a noble act compared to the quick cash you 'd make from selling it . 
  i disagree , there 's nothing noble about squandering tax money for prestigeous projects , we 're not in sochi here . 
  it is also called the council of ministers . 
  i see you have one of those braille computer screens . 
  do you think croatia wants to have an additional parliament building in france used 5 days per month ? 
  or maybe austria ? 
  do you think portugal finds this convenient ? 
  or do germans like tax money squandered ? 
  the only reason that joke exists , is because some french could n't accept a community building being located in belgium of all places . 
  ( never mind in a majority french speaking city ) which is the whole reason most of these buildings are in belgium of all places , otherwise everybody wants one , and having a parliament building in london , paris , berlin , amsterdam and madrid , as well as all the other buildings 6 , 10 or 15 fold is unworkable . 
  hence the solution ; belgium , a divided small country right in between the western powers with identity issues . 
  an acceptible solution to all , except the french . 
  they needed one small exception to feel great . 
  your assistance in founding the eu was appreciated . 
  yes there were n't enough barrels for the german boxers in a nato exercize in norway , so they added painted brooms for a more realistic training . 
  that 's a reddiculous comment , everybody knows the french are better at english . 
  no true nationalist .
