we pay volunteers to do that . 
  loniless with older people , especially their age when much/most of their acquaintances have passed away , makes it quite usual . 
  i had friends who did it to finance their student life , supposed to be a pretty nice job drinking some tea/coffee , playing a game or taking a stroll . 
   tomato sauce . 
  it was in rome . 
  signed by our own politicians because they did n't intend to hold a referendum to have the people vote for the ` wrong choice ' . 
  what about it ? 
  that 's not mutually exclusive if you 're into that . 
   cant argue about your views . 
  poland and ireland are also deeply religious . 
  they are in a very unstable region that feeds authoritarianism . 
  nowhere near as worse as in turkey , and more specifically , of a religion that has found a way to coexist in western societies . 
   turkey has better debt ratio , higher gdp per capita and higher economic growth . 
  turkey has a lower gdp per capita than romania , and only slight higher than bulgaria . 
  it would be our second poorest member if it would ever join , and one that does n't have 7 million citizens like bulgaria , but 80 like germany . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita ) average wage would be at the bottom of the eu [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage ) , average wealth rock bottom [ 3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult ) . 
  turkey is a dirt poor country compared to european states at or just slightly above the bottom end of memberstates . 
  it 's economic growth would be mediocre for a developed state , where it not that it is a developing state . 
  [ 4 ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/turkey/gdp-growth ), 
   how the fuck is this getting traction in sweden . 
   throw around the word racist and swedes would jump of a bridge if they had to . 
  they 've been plagued by a self amplifying collective madness for a while now . 
   turkey is trying to become a member for over 30 years . 
  countries that did not even existed at the time have become a member of the eu . 
  turkey never tried anything , they 're incompatible as an eastern deeply religious and divided semi-autocratic state and show no desire to alter that . 
   turkey has better economic performance than eu member countries such as bulgaria and romania and still not a member . 
  in what way ? 
  turkey is poorer than romania and about on par with bulgaria , which is our poorest member . 
   and racism towards turks there 's more racism vice versa . 
  the turkish politicians even call our citizens mudbloods and genetically fake people . 
   it 's useful to juncker and merkel for cooling the migrant crisis until the french and dutch elections have passed , i.e. 
  when le pen and wilders come out swinging . 
  realistically both are in a position to increase their influence in the council to an extent that varies between vastly increasing their influence to gaining control over the french and dutch governments . 
  that 's how you get a revolution . 
  very unlikely to happen anyway , the eurocrats are on our payroll , they know their place when it comes to it . 
   gavur gavur means ` kaffir ' , a derogatory term for black people or non-muslims . 
  i doubt it , but it would be good if it happens . 
  we do n't know that , merely hope it , until their candidate status is terminated . 
  so that 's a no , got it . 
  they were warned in advance though . 
  this was what was waiting for italy when it joined the eurozone . 
  it was indeed , in a free market mismanaged badly performing companies with high losses and debt go bankrupt . 
  in the eu companies only go bankrupt when their owners are n't priviliged enough . 
  do you have any sensible thing to say at all ? 
   so turkey is more similar to saudi arabia than greece in your mind ? 
   not only in his/her mind . 
  i just think giving our money for free to poles and other easterners is n't a good idea . 
   it is , we barely have any benefits here . 
   because you also barely have money to pay benefits with . 
   funny considering it was supposed to be a pan-eu project . 
  i guess the richer countries will not let it go through anyway . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  sure , one of those many proposed projects that need to be financed by a couple of countries and enjoyed by other couple of countries . 
  it 's not any more socialist than our current systems are . 
  however this should be done on a national scale only , we 're subsidising others enough as is . 
  how do they work , is lego so haram that isis refuses to step on them ? 
  sometimes we do , sometimes we do n't . 
  yes . 
  up until the americans and french traded them . 
  so you ca n't explain it yourself either , good that you edited your reply . 
  i ca n't fathom how you could find that funny . 
  never mind how you spin this as being a factor in eastern europe still living in the victorian era regarding sexuality , as well as other subjects . 
  it 's better to have an annual gay parade , than an annual ss parade as you easterners have in latvia . 
  let 's keep it at 500 million shall we , russia et all are n't a member yet . 
   plus informal title of ` ugliest city in europe ' . 
  was n't brussel holding that title ? 
  you should n't watch comedy if you 're so over sensitive , might end up getting a ptsd . 
  until it 's safe to return . 
  for what purpose ? 
  you 're supposed to flee from war , so you belong in a camp . 
  * in normal circumstances you do n't need control * the state ( by extension the tax payers ) should n't pay for idiots who believe in fairy tales, 
  no they ca n't . 
  however they will never be solved , people would n't even dare to start . 
   we need to do what it takes to regain security and public law and order so we can live our lives the way we want . 
  translation from newspeak to common speak ; we do n't dare to do anything about the causes , we 'll just cancel events they can target and hope they lay low then . 
  apparently not , because politics had way too much influence on the ecb , it 's not independent . 
  the euro is the official currency in some non-eu countries as well . 
  like kosovo , montenegro , andorra , monaco , san marino and the vatican . 
  they kept the door open for their own pogroms without risking being equated to the nazi 's . 
  are you proposing to invade and occupy turkey to achieve the same ? 
  i presume you forgot to add ` lack of ... ' in front of that . 
  how did you make that jump suddenly ? 
  they might , but current trends suggest otherwise so it remains unlikely . 
  odds are not nearly high enough to keep that option open . 
  this is conceding defeat . 
  sensible security preparations should be done out of sight and interfere with daily life as little as possible . 
  least of all security preparations should make sure life continues as it should . 
  during the kings annual speech in the netherlands last year there was also a planned attack on the dutch parliament building , none of you probably noticed it as the military counter operation was done behind the scene and kept secret for a while . 
  they can change yes , does n't mean they will , let alone in the direction we want them to . 
  the first euro apologist has arrived . 
  ' a dutchmen always has dry feet . ', 
  erdogan is not the issue , the majority of the turks that support him is . 
  erdogan will come and go , the people of turkey wo n't . 
  they just have the leader they deserve . 
  yes , he/she makes a claim , so he/she needs to back it up . 
  first claim he made was deadwrong , so he/she removed his/her reply . 
  i however did not make a claim , just going by the article . 
  i do n't have to . 
   it is a private enterprise . 
  ` general goods ' does not define ` must include pork and alcohol '  could you quote the relevant french legal articles backing that up ?
