   ~ ~ beurocracy , ~ ~ i butchered that word please correct me !, 
  eurocracy , there fixed it . 
   the european council is the body made of up heads of state/government . 
  and the ministers . 
  ( they 're basically the senate ), 
  we have a senate , the council of ministers . 
   ahhhh yes . 
  it 's the french 's fault !, 
  tssk tssk oh could i forget / s  are you trying to argue otherwise ? 
  of course it 's the french 's fault . 
  why not in private hands ? 
  just sell it , we could use the money . 
  it will be just as pretty when it 's in private hands . 
  judging by their pictures i 'm glad they ask to ;  `` alert us to any excesses you notice among disillusioned youths inclined towards extremism '' . 
  though . 
  who would know more of extremism then they do . 
  countries like poland , hungary or slovakia have shown no intend of following the same path . 
  but france is n't unique . 
  if you value your health , i would steer clear from swimming in the seine . 
  the german army wanted to train with guns for once as well , these brooms get a bit boring after a while . 
  give them some slack . 
   the eu itself has no power to require privatization or cutting government spending . 
  well they can fine countries for violating deficit rules . 
  but the power is limited indeed . 
  nah , let 's leave him suspended in butthurt state for a while . 
  you 're closer to a volcano than we 're , even though we have volcanoes and you do n't . 
  and the one you 're close to is actually active , the dutch volcanoes are n't active currently . 
   anti-imperialists should n't they be protesting in northern cyprus and the aegean against turkey then ? 
  to answer the question , yes . 
  [ we have mountains ] ( http://peakery.com/static/images/items/main/cache/mount-scenery-0.jpg.910x580_q95_crop-top.jpg?w=1024&amp;h=1024 ) , even volcanoes . 
  not many countries who have that . 
  butthurt intensifies , always easy to get the french patriots riled up , the combined british and french fleet was defeated 4 times in a row by the republic , after which the rest tailored of . 
  except it is n't , and it 's just a google search away for you . 
  you can fish in your own zone . 
  there is n't a problem , the borders are clearly defined by hsitoric treaties . 
  correct , you did n't . 
  i did n't assume that , the people in the caribbean just had a referendum 6 years ago and there was little interest in independence . 
  ( + / -80 % wanted to remain in the kingdom ) but that does n't exclude it being a binding factor . 
   why keep a hereditary monarchy instead of a post based on meritocracy because a meritocracy is n't an improvement . 
  our government is already in bed with big business , no need to install a corporate representative as president . 
  i could not find a map unfortunately . 
  the netherlands is already scrapping f16 's too . 
  of the original 250 only 62 are left now ( down from 68 last year ) . 
  and the f-35 is n't going to be fully operational until at least what , 2023 ? 
  anyway , could n't you lease like + / - 10 gripens from sweden for a year or two/three ? 
  that should be enough to keep a qra running . 
  we 're not all that close to russia as sweden is though , and we 're not all that large either . 
  for a country that has no military alliance and is in a potentially volatile region with has a lot of land and sea to defend they sure do n't take things serious . 
  sweden is a rich developed nation with a manufacturing base , sweden use to have the 3rd most powerful airforce in the world ( more powerful than both the british and french in the cold war ) , sweden is very large and has no military ties . 
  you should n't use poland as an example either , it 's a poor country that still has a lot of recovery to do . 
   i just do n't see how sweden is particularly exceptional in not being able to hold the borders for very long . 
  there 's a difference between not being able to hold your borders for a day , and not being able to for a week , or a month . 
  you do n't necessarily need to be stronger , you should just be able to be strong enough to make a war so painful the other country would rather not do it . 
  if russia can take gotland for example without any military resistance , there 's only a thin line for them between doing it and not doing it . 
  no , they are n't . 
  so much so that they would have to resort to assymetric warfare from the start to maybe last a couple of days max . 
  some things do some things do n't . 
  both sweden and poland have a modest defense industry ( sweden a bit larger but you get the drift ) both manufacture things at home . 
  but the really obvious things of the army ( fighter jets , mbt 's etc. ), 
  generally cost the same indeed ( and generally are n't possible to produce yourself , at least not cheaper than buying it ofthe shelve ), 
   looking at the bright side , per capita figure for `` that country '' is much more modest . 
  your incomes are also much more modest . 
  you ca n't really equate that 1 on 1 . 
  but you succeeded only because we accepted your king . 
  earlier attempts by france to militarily occupy the netherlands ended up in white flags and soldiers that needed boats to get home , confused as they were as they had arrived on foot . 
  ( climate warming most likely , but never witnessed on such short time span ) ( + / -1672 ) . 
  even together with britain 2 on 1 you ended up with wet feet , the both of you to be exact . 
   ( literally and figuratively ) regardless we accepted your king as a strategy , under napoleon we refused to implement conscription and spend nothing on the army , most units were basically disbanded and they tried everything to reverse that , hiring orphans and jews for example , all unsuccesful . 
  it was jolly good fun , but after a few years the joke got old and we decided it was enough , and took belgium with us as a final prank . 
  several . 
  * imia * kardak * oinousses * antipsara * fournoi , * arkoi , * agathonisi ( gaidaros ) , * pharmakonisi , * kalolimnos * pserimos , * gyali * syrna * kandheliousa * vrachoi * kalogeroi are all claimed by turkey . 
  greece also only has a 6 miles territorial zone from its coasts unlike normal countries who have 12 miles , because the turks refuse to acknowledge their borders . 
  and some others ) have are really getting old . 
  there will need to be a replacement because they 're reaching the end of their life-cycle , and are technologically just getting outdated . 
  same could be said for the french , their weapon of choice is the white flag . 
  but they still have a back-up plan considering their expenses . 
  i think the british mostly get their bad rep from young british tourists in spain or cyprus . 
  they tend to have alcohol issues and drink way too much . 
  it is because 500 dollar in sweden is worth a whole lot less than 500 dollar in poland . 
  a soldier in sweden might earn 40k euro per year , a soldier in poland might earn 10k euro per year , with the same expenses the poles will have 30k available for equipment , the swedes nothing for example . 
  some countries also have forced conscription . 
  the state of the swedish armed forces is pretty bad , and you 're spending way too little to even defend yourself . 
  even your own army says it can only defend one piece of land for less than a week . 
  then that family has probably been living there for a long time . 
  600 euro in amsterdam or utrecht will get you a bedroom in a shared apartment . 
   and this is a landlord so no social housing technically it is social housing ( + / < 750 euro per month falls under the rental reduction scheme ) , it just is n't owned by a corporation . 
   this is the most naive argument ever . 
  you naturally compare yourself to your kin , and their kin is in africa/asia , significantly worse of . 
   jihadis and everyone else who lives on welfare are at the near bottom of the social ladder of the society they live in and are miserable because of that . 
  jihadi 's tend to be from wealthy succesful families from their communities . 
  it did n't , but as it drags on is getting more and more of a factor . 
  i do n't really care the brits are considering to leave , the eu is n't that important to me anymore and i share the common british opinion that the eu should be primarily limited to being an economic cooperation/trade platform . 
  i 'm a eurosceptic myself , and would vote to leave if we ever had a referendum in the netherlands all things being equal . 
  but i 'm sorry you felt offended somehow , it was never meant to be taken personal . 
  just google ` worst tourists ' and the british are usually at the top . 
  as a matter of fact , yes i am . 
  just some proper banter mate , no need to toss your pantsies in a twist you puffed up bog-trotter . 
  they 're , because after 7 years of crisis many unemployed stopped actively looking for work and left the lists . 
  some will also have emigrated . 
  it was n't to knock the british , i like the brits , but it 's true .
