  the brits usually top the lists . 
  piss off you posh wanker . 
  ` sane ' in the medical sense or ` sane ' in the word-on-the-street sense may be the difference here . 
  sane people are capable of doing this , ideology is a powerful motivator , one only ought to look at our history . 
  i think it 's more interesting to look at employment figures , unemployment figures are pretty unreliable currently . 
  really ? 
  you were the one who first brought up grenouilles . 
  it 's unlikely but not impossible . 
  terrorism is the use of violence with a political/ideological ( religious ) goal , somebody who 's mentally ill is unlikely to commit a violent attack with a clear political/ideological motive . 
  many terrorists are mentally healthy and often educated citizens . 
  unlike what some goat-wool-sock wearers are trying to say , they do n't kill people because they 're poor or sick , they do it because they 're motivated to do so by their religion . 
  no , the british are generally considered the worst behaved tourists . 
  nothing available , extremely expensive , firm mortgage rules , 15 years waiting list for social housing , you 'll need a minimum of 3000 euro per month income for commercial rent ( 1 bedroom apartment with your own kitchen/shower ) or settle for a + / -15 m2 bedroom in a shared house with other people , which will still cost you 500-600 euro per month . 
   prices against rents have skyrocketed in europe . 
  this probably means that many people are buying houses in europe when they should be renting . 
  this is due to historically low mortgage rates . 
  currently buying is so much more cheaper than renting that anybody who can get a mortgage will get one . 
  it 's the new house crisis in the making , if the economy would pick up tons of people will go bankrupt in 5-10 years . 
   that there are quite affordable places not that far from the booming population centres . 
  you would be pretty disappointed if you look for it . 
  there 's affordable houses in drenthe , groningen or friesland , but they 're far away from booming population centres ( over 100 km from any of the big cities ), 
  what i heard is that spain does n't have the possibility to go personally bankrupt . 
  if you 're interested in bankruptcy and debt laws in europe , i can shed some light on the netherlands . 
  we have this thing called ` nationale hypotheekgarantie ' ( national mortgage insurance ) it 's sort of a collective insurance , if you decide to participate in that , and you would go bankrupt with your house being sold in an execution sale you will have no remaining debts . 
  if you do have remaining debts , or are otherwise indebted , you can apply for personal bankruptcy what we call ` schuldsanering ' ( debt sanitizing ) . 
  you 'll need to prove to the court that your debt situation is unsustainable , then you 'll lose personal sovereignty , all your belongings except what is considered to be a primary lifes need ( so you get to keep your laptop , phone , clothes , but not your car , boat or whatever luxury ) will be monetized . 
  the procedure takes 2 or 3 years , in these 2 or 3 years besides your belongings , all your income will be confiscated , your employer will pay your income directly to your curator . 
  he will then give you ` pocket money ' weekly to live from which you 'll need to use to buy food and cloths and the basics . 
  after 2-3 years you 're ` clean ' regardless of what you pay off . 
  yes that requires to be highlighted . 
  for those unfamiliar , social housing has waiting lists of + / - 15 years in the big cities , for commercial rent you need to earn about 3x the rent price monthly , so you 'll need at least 3000 euro 's per month income to get a very small single bedroom apartment/compartment house with your own kitchen/shower . 
  buying is pretty difficult currently as mortgages are hard to get , you need to pay in yourself as well these days . 
  if you earn less than 3000 euro per month , you 'll need to settle for a + / -15 m2 bedroom with shared utilities ( kitchen , shower ) in utrecht or amsterdam . 
  this was really a fun experiment of that , it exploded , somebody saw it was close to a migration office , so assumed it was related , initial eye witness reports suggested arab men were seen running away . 
  so as it appears a suitcase ` explodes ' and within minutes it is both a terroristic attack and a far right extremist attack against a migration office . 
  we should call it ` schrodingers explosion ' . 
   showing the scene - https://twitter.com/shawshank5/status/758315269093744640 damn ... my condolences to the families of the deceased , hope the wounded make it out okay and that they catch the perpetrators . 
  orban did quite a lot for his country , close the borders for example , and revise their asylum system , moved registering spots to the border instead of inside them . 
  they 're the only country in europe who have proven they know how to handle a crisis like this . 
  like what , deoderant or brake cleaner or something ? 
  not a whole lot i imagine . 
  he did n't , because i broke his circle . 
  nothing , it 's just that we could deport all of them to the safe zones without putting anyone in harms way . 
  you must understand that in the imm . 
  debate it is never about what mig . 
  want , it is what european goat-wool-sock wearers want , and what the rest is willing to do to satisfy their needs . 
  and the conversation goes far beyond hungary . 
  what he really meant was that he thought i was from hungary and if so he would tell me how awful hungary is and so any hungarian would n't be able to hold up an argument because he/she would by extend be awful as well . 
  yes houses in dutch villages are often quite affordable ( + / - 100.000 euro for a small 1-2 bedroom home out in the country side with some renovation work is possible ) houses in big cities are unaffordable if at all available . 
  you ca n't be serious , if you 're a young person looking for somewhere to live you should go around the netherlands with the widest arch possible . 
   so what make french guiana a non viable state but suriname a viable one ? 
  suriname is n't your best example of a viable state , but it is still twice as large as guyana . 
  reunion is a very poor mountaineous place with little economic prospects on their own . 
  mauritius is quite flat and has a lot of agriculture and tourism . 
  ( and migrants from reunion , as reunion is quite a poor place )  there is no such thing as not viable states . 
  and even if there was that was n't the reason why they remained part of france or uk , they remained because they agreed to stay after a referendum . 
  there is such thing as non viable states . 
   uk and france still have one of the best power projection in the world ( and i do n't get what you mean about the army , it is the army that allows power projection ) : france is still engaged in several conflicts in africa and uk were in sierra leone or falklands not so long ago , there was also libya . 
  and it 's not nearly what it use to be , and also far less of a factor in modern day politics/economics . 
   influence is always valuable ... 
  depends at what cost . 
   eez useless ? 
  you mus n't be aware of what is happening in south china sea . 
  read please , no longer beneficial to the mother country . 
   and they are still overseas territories that countries do n't want to let go even under heavy pressure from other countries or un . 
  i guess they are masochists . 
  very few , mostly they do n't let go because the locals do n't want to yet . 
  of course some are excluded , populationless islands are very useful . 
  ( like the bit ), 
  what does hungary have to do with it ? 
  exactly , which is why we need to stop squandering billions on goldseekers who illegally make it to europe and start giving them that money as it 's far more effective . 
  he was talking about an answer to my remark , not his question . 
  his/her question itself is completely irrelevant . 
  they should n't , we can help them carry the burden by financing their help . 
  it 's not an answer to any question , in fact there was n't a question to begin with . 
  economy has nothing to do with it . 
  funding comes from abroad in all the countries you mention . 
  there are more muslims than there are greeks , more muslims then there are portugeuse , more muslims than dutch , more muslims than belgians , more muslims than swedes , more muslims than danes/finns/nores , balts , czech , romanians , bulgarians , slovakians , croatians , slovenes , irish , maltese , luxemburgers . 
  so that 's pretty huge by demographic standards . 
  it does n't though . 
  so do we , but it would be low tech bombs on short range missiles or mostly brought by fighter jets . 
  we 've not created safe zones in syria unfortunately . 
  not necessarily , they 've neighbours as well . 
  but safe zones are a possibility too . 
  there are about 25 million in the eu , that 's pretty huge . 
  oh sorry , i forgot to mention it was the best kept state secret . 
   look at this inquiry from 6 months ago of polish foreign ministry to german foreign ministry do you have a translation ? 
  if he wants to put pressure on finance ministers , he should 've went after france instead . 
  just like the netherlands , germany , belgium and italy they have a small us arsenal of b61 's stationed on their soil . 
  it is not their possesion , it is safely in a us airforce hangar maintained and handled by us airforce personnel . 
   asylum exists as means to protect the basic rights of people from outside of the country . 
  we can protect the basic rights of more people more effectively when we do so in their own region . 
  if that is true , which it is n't , so be it . 
  it is their choice . 
  only ireland did . 
  we did n't get to vote again . 
   if some of the countries do n't want to be a part of a more federal eu would n't it be more fair to have them say that before the negotiations ? 
  no need to include their difficult demands in the negotiations only for those countries to hold a referendum and drop out in the end . 
   good point . 
   why not hold a referendum and then only those countries interested in a more federal eu can conduct much more relaxed and meaningful negotiations on how to achieve that ?
