   not an insult at all , i know i 'm not integrated . 
  i ca n't change that part of me . 
  but having said that i 'm not exactly immaculately turkish either since there is a lot of british influence on me . 
   i would not ask you to change it about yourself , this is something entirely personal for you . 
  the thing i hope for though is a live and let live mentality from both sides , and also the mutual understanding that when you do n't consider yourself as a local , you might not be treated as one in all circumstances either . 
   depends on your definition of stir up trouble . 
  i 'm personally not active nor have the energy to go out and protest on the streets . 
  but a keyboard warrior i certainly am . 
  the people that threaten ebru amar with her life for example , or the unauthorized protest in rotterdam including vandalism . 
  that 's what i would call trouble . 
  whatever you type , say , write , sing or draw , i will defend your right to do so . 
  ( even if and when i will not agree with it ), 
  you 're not integrated , i 've no desire to change that about you , it 's not an insult unless you consider it to be . 
  however if that means you need to stir up trouble here because of problems in your ` homeland ' i would rather you take a plane and go there . 
   so what 's your definition of integration ? 
  full assimilation , goodbye connection to turkey and turkish culture ? 
  pretty much yes . 
  you 're integrated when you consider yourself as a local , behave as a local , speak as a local etc. 
  does n't really matter that your frequency of eating baklava is higher than your neighbour , or that you prefer going on a holiday to turkey . 
  these turks however have 0 connection to the country they live in . 
  there 's no dispute about it , they are n't integrated by any definition . 
  which is disheartening considering they did n't come here yesterday . 
   when the anti-erdogan gezi park protests happened in 2013 there were many turks in the west who came out with turkish flags and ataturk flags in support of the protesters . 
  * does that make them non-integrated as well ? 
  * of course . 
  the mere fact you call them ` turks in the west ' implies you do n't consider them integrated either . 
  our polonaise is a bit different though , it involves grabbing each other by the shoulder and walking in long lines either in rounds or any route chosen by the person in front . 
  so [ this ] ( http://flevotuin.nl/files/images/fotos/onvermijdelijke%20polonaise.jpg ) is a polonaise . 
  it is expensive everywhere and in short supply , but our cities are smaller and populations more evenly distributed , thus the difference between amsterdam or rotterdam and more rural cities is smaller . 
  paris or london are much bigger than amsterdam . 
  ( amsterdam only has 780.000 people ), 
  defamation is a criminal offense no matter who it is aimed against . 
  judging by the term given ( 30 days ) this has nothing to do with ` lese majeste ' which allows for a prison sentence up to 5 years in dutch penal code . 
   it would establish a guaranteed target of ** at least ** 300,000 refugees each year this man is insane . 
  this is not about helping people . 
  putin only wanted crimea and an open wound in ukraine , he 's got all he wanted . 
  we do , several countries have ( potentially ) offensive drones , for example the netherlands and italy have the mq9-reaper . 
  though the first does n't use it offensive , do n't know about the second . 
   he 's close to losing the possibility of an eu membership for a long time , nobody actually believes that . 
   i feel that poland is not afraid of being attacked through belarus . 
  the element of surprise is very valuable , just wait for surprise anschluss of eastern poland for investments by bear ` ussia . 
  yes but that is to not threaten russia . 
  poland too afraid to station men close to bear ` ussia and russia . 
  that he would invoke the article 50 procedure right after the vote . 
  he decided not to and politicize the outcome , now it 's all but certain whether they 're going to leave . 
  probably not , but that was kind of given when david cameron decided to break his word . 
  no thanks , google works fine for me . 
  so they raise prices for services in europe . 
  that 's great having the european consumers pay the eu some additional fees , as if we do n't tax enough in europe . 
  i wonder what the exit plan is , should we all use bing and yahoo ? 
  right , of course they can now suddenly decline an asylum claim within a day and deport them within a couple of days . 
  the double morale is exhausting , where is some integrity and principles in european politics . 
  nah , there is n't anything you can do except stall . 
  you 're a dependent bunch as a country . 
  turkey says it wants to join but will never join , uk says it wants to leave but will never leave . 
  perhaps so , but they can sure make your stay miserable . 
  no but you 're delusional as it appears , 2008 and 2014 are relevant dates , that was n't disputed . 
   identity went beyond just the village though it did n't , since the world for the majority of the people did n't went beyond the next village either . 
  ` countries ' were completely different then they are today , there were no passports , there was no border control , there was no common language standard etc. 
  for example the netherlands became independent because nobody wanted our crown , we only ditched the spanish because they were repressive religious nuts . 
  it was only early 19th century that the modern concept of a country started to be shaped . 
  prior to that there was no national identity . 
   but the implication that people did n't have identity or did n't have group protectionism is flat out wrong . 
  it just did n't extend beyond the village they were living in . 
  and the ` identity ' was all about religion . 
  immigrants would be fine as long as they were n't catholics coming to a protestant village or vice versa . 
  and this went on for quite a while . 
  there 's a catholic church in the neighbourhood where i live that 's surrounded by houses because they were n't allowed to see a catholic church from the street in a protestant neighbourhood . 
  this was n't about immigrants either , as these catholics often came from within the country . 
   of course poland is not expecting invasion by germany . 
  that has quite a bit to do with how germans and germany behaves . 
   so it 's a crappy argument , and he/she should 've said something about behabiour instead . 
   ukraine would have done well to expect invasion by russia and not neglect their defense capabilities and security . 
  i 'm guessing if they could 've foreseen a coup they would 've stopped it . 
  all things equal russia would not have invaded them . 
  no , there was n't a national identity as we know it today . 
  in many cases there was n't even a common language . 
  borders were determined by marriage , succession and war . 
  nationalism is a pretty recent thing . 
  unless by couple hundred years you mean < 200 years , but in that case it 's poorly phrased . 
  a couple hundred years ago there was n't even any national identity as we know today . 
  just because germany invaded poland in 1939 does n't mean poland is expecting an imminent invasion of germany . 
   ethnic issues , basically the baltics are very tense because putin decided to `` protect '' russians in ukraine . 
  that situation is a bit different , the ` protecting ethnic russians ' is an argument for the public audience , he really did it because of sevastapol . 
  also a majority of crimeans wanted to join russia anyway , which made it a possibility in the first place . 
  i cant believe russia is interested in occupying a country that 's very hostile to them , the sheer military force and resources needed to merely occupy the country , ignoring the invasion itself and subsequent military backlash , makes it extremely unlikely . 
  they 've very little to gain . 
  sure it would be of strategic importance over the baltic sea , but why would n't they take gotland instead if they wanted that . 
  barely any people to repress , enough to forcefuly deport to sweden , and it provides sea and air dominance of the baltic sea . 
  also sweden isn ; t a nato member . 
  the radioactive material is not the valuable thing , it 's the detonator that 's the dfficult part . 
  it wo n't be that easy , turkey has a strong military even the us would ve a hard time and certainly would need a lot of time to best . 
  regardless , these bombs really are n't that important . 
  they 're just gravity bombs . 
  they would n't be able to arm them anyway , and they 're pretty useless as dirty bombs . 
  besides they 're only b61 's , they 're not that useful . 
   hook of holland . 
  it 's hoek van holland , if they wish to translate it it means ` corner of holland ' , not hook even though it may sound the same . 
  in the case of libya , the netherlands only got the helicopter back with all the parts the libyans could use taken of . 
  that 's why you enter so late , when the war breaks out the germans first build an army as quickly as possible to not miss out on the fun , and will manage to join the losing side right on time for being handed the terms of surrender .
