  any time an actual referendum is held people vote against . 
  that was in ireland , in france , in norway , in switserland , in the netherlands , and just recently the uk as well as denmark . 
   actually , core eu countries and a majority of others are exactly the ones who are on board with this . 
  they are n't . 
   your opinion fortunately is n't the only one that people share and it 's not even a very popular one . 
  that 's okay , indepedence and/or a return to the eec is perfectly fine with me . 
  but if people want ` power ' that badly they should at least do it by glueing together compatible countries , not conflicting ones . 
  booting him out of the country with a permanent re-entry ban after his prison sentence ( preferably solitary confinement , or as an alternative confine him with only non-religious western inmates ) seems like the best solution here , a regular prison sentence alone is not going to help at all ( will probably even work counter productive , prisons are known for their radicalizing effects , he may radicalize others in prisons , or be even more radicalized himself ), 
  nobody said you would , the sentence given is well within the regular framework . 
  lese majeste simply allows for a higher punishment criteria of the regular defamation in the dutch criminal code . 
  defamation carries a maximum prison sentence of 1 year , lese majeste of 5 years against the king ( and a bit lower against others of the royal family ) the 2 weeks given and 2 weeks suspended is just a normal punishment to the defamation and death threats given . 
  the article wants to imply it is because it is aimed against the king , but that isn ; t the case here . 
  ( even though the particular sub-code is outdated , it is not used here ), 
  that 's a bit of an overstatement , but it 's not up to much good either . 
  no , everybody is against european leadership on some topic ( s ) , with regards to migrants it was eastern europe who basically said ` good luck n-w-europe , this joke is on you ' . 
  i 'm not a subscriber to your 19th century convictions , sorry . 
  it 's not a bad idea . 
  we were neutral in ww1 , we could n't enforce our neutrality in ww2 , but with nukes we could remain neutral in the next big war on the continent . 
  problem is if we do it , we 're essentially giving the whole world a free to build nuclear weapons policy . 
  or we should do it like israel in secret . 
   i 'd rather have a return to the pre-maastricht eec second that . 
  these polls mean jackshit , people were never on board with the ` federal eu ' , especially not in the core eu who stands to be footing all the costs of such a project . 
  a federal germanic union or something i could get my head around , for a federal eu one must be completely senseless . 
  you 're a cultist , not a thinker . 
  good lucking finding ears for your absolutist convictions . 
  countries like denmark , sweden , netherlands , finland will all have it worse . 
  the tree huggers , saloon socialists , wooly socks people and anarchists will save us from the fifth column when it comes that far , it is known . 
  go figure , and it already has a respectible force . 
  no need to be a ` powerhouse ' . 
  does your holy book command you such ? 
  or does your god of federalism speak directly to you ? 
  see there 's the difference , for us it 's most likely worse , so why do it . 
   i think europe is very split about this and no site has managed to get the upper hand by now . 
  it does n't really matter since they 're doing it anyway . 
  i think most would agree though . 
  unless you want to single handedly invade morocco or take back crimea it 's fine as it is . 
   hell no - modern diverse army = modern bombers , attack helicopters , submarimes and more . 
  plenty of small countries who have that , the netherlands for example . 
  denmark still has a diverse modern army suitable for its own needs . 
  using multirole stuff is always prefered regardless of size , it 's cheaper , more effective , easier to deploy , maintain , construct etc. 
  looks pretty diverse to me . 
  [ 1 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/equipment_of_the_royal_danish_army ) , [ 2 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_royal_danish_navy_ships#overview ) , [ 3 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_danish_air_force#current_inventory ) certainly sufficiently so for your needs . 
  then why did you do it anyway ? 
  the issue is that there can suddenly be a looming threat , there can however not suddenly be an army to protect you against that threat . 
  one type of fighter that can do all the missions denmark needs ( hence it 's called a multirole fighter ) you swapped a submarine fleet for a larger surface fleet ( a submarine fleet is n't that important anyway ) you guys do have a diverse modern army . 
  nobody important does , i should 've made exception to edgy teenagers on reddit . 
  modern stuff has always been expensive , and denmark has a pretty diverse modern army , so it 's certainly possible . 
  i 'm glad you 've just educated yourself a bit on the matter . 
  as you see ;  ee does that already . 
  is an incorrect statement , and only estonia and recently poland contribute their fair share . 
   why did his propaganda outlets drew this ? 
   you should be more specific . 
  * if * , but it if it is also possible to move assets from europe to somewhere else where they gain more . 
  the argument is about having a responsible and fair relationship or not . 
  they would n't lose support . 
  [ really ? 
  ] ( http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/54ef353069bedd613f86bcc7-1023-542/screen_shot_2015-02-26_at_2-1.52.30_pm_1024.png ) well despite of that they went from 0,8-0 ,9 % in 2013 to 1-1 ,1 % in 2015 . 
  more like babysteps . 
  he 's right , countries which are protected by the us have for years been able to decrease their spending , their low spending allows them to retain lower taxes than they normally would keeping their economies more competitive than they should 've been . 
  it 's pretty fair asking these partners to either pay their fair share , or pay a tribute to the us army as he has proposed as well . 
   europe has pretty big influence with soft power . 
  europe is more like schroedingers power , it could be there or it could n't be , either way we ca n't see it . 
  they 'll have our political support without being bound to defend ` us ' as well . 
  actually it is . 
  how they spend their money is their business , however if we want to have a mutual defense treaty all members should do their fair share . 
   accelerate the creation of a european army jea , no . 
  nobody wants a european army . 
   look at england . . who will invade us ? 
  argentina ? 
  germany does n't have overseas territories to protect , the uk does . 
  iceland would switch to russia in a heartbeat though , they 're on good standing because of their location/geography . 
  no they do n't . 
  only estonia does , and poland since this year for the first time . 
  none of the others do . 
  he did n't say that . 
  that 's up to them , and irrelevant to the subject at hand . 
   it 's the fact that he openly stated that he may not come to the aid of a nato member . 
  naturally , but the other tactic did n't work . 
  this whole thing is nothing new and has been going on for years , decades even , and the difference is only growing . 
  so if you want something done you better do something . 
   he should have said : `` countries that do n't spend 2 % of their gdp on defense should leave nato '' . 
   but they would n't , this is exactly the kind of politics that upsets people . 
  ` i 'm saying something which may appear valuable but will absolutely have no actual effect on anything hoping that i may hush opponents for long enough to rinse and repeat this tactic . ', 
  this is one of the reasons many reasonable people will consider voting for an ill mannered testosteron puffed up person like trump . 
   the us should continue to support the eastern european countries still recovering from communism , but western europe can fend for themselves imo . 
  agreed . 
  we do n't need nato so we should show some honor and self preservation and leave nato , countries that are dependant on nato should pay their fair share . 
  really ? 
  i have n't met a lot trump people , i 'm guessing they 've their own subreddits . 
  it 's a bit surprising to me that nobody seems to notice the injustice we impose on the us . 
  they spend 3,5 % of their gdp to , among other things , defend us . 
  we spend 1-2 % of gdp to , among other things , defend ourselves . 
  tldr we 're shameless leeches , and an american saying that painful truth out loud is not a buffoon . 
  do you have any source about these statements ? 
  because this is 99 % about spending their fair share as far as i know . 
  i 'm guessing the 2 % of gdp on military is the biggest point of contention , so start there . 
  it 's totally fair they contribute a fair share to their own defense . 
  then they better give them something extra for a while to compensate that . 
  eastern europe could just fullfill their obligations to the us , according to trump the us will then aid them . 
  seems fair .
