  its not like you can win an election in any european country by supporting immigration at the moment . 
  the `` us '' and `` them '' mentally is so strong among people , symbol politics based on alienation . 
  basically people love to have enemies and the governments in europe take advantage of this , reinforcing the problem further . 
  worst part is , these immigrants cant really stand up for themself since they dont know the language , have education etc. 
  well are n't you all mighty, 
  you sound like som type of facist , meaning that vigilante violence is justified in sweden, 
  not the newly arrived , but sweden had many immigrants long before the current crisis why does my political view matter ? 
  you 're giving vigilantes way to much credit . 
  they are ex criminals who looks for any reason to pick a fight , its understandable that the police dont want to fuel them . 
  mob mentality is never a good thing , and they probably try to prevent it . 
  there are many swedish citizen with forgen roots , and the police have to protect them as well . 
   any citizen have the right to be safe and secure exactly , this includes immigrants and their family and therefor one should prevent violence , not encourage it . 
  if this is true , its because people are crazy and they try to avoid people turning to violence and vigliante actions . 
  they just dont want to throw gasoline on the fire . 
  seems reasonable enough when you read comments in threads like these . 
  hate to see myforcats1 buy into that shitty narrative, 
  dont buy into this shit , the integration is very good in several european countries . 
  welcome to reddit , its the land of strawmen, 
  do we even know that they 're responsible ? 
  we dont know the motive yet , dont jump to conclusions . 
   butt heheh you said butt, 
  10 % of any group ( of some size ) ever will be total douchebags , this applies to all humans . 
  i dont get why you hustle downvotes , people are saying that 's it 's okay to harass people from the middle east since they didnt grow up `` here '' . 
  no i dont think so . 
  they would have a very visible working class which commited crime , and gained hate from the remaing parts of the society anyway , hell any society would . 
  if it wasnt immigrants ( arabic ones ) it would be sami people , or finns/norwegians/danes , eastern europeans , red haired swedes , fat swedes , pale swedes . 
  anyone who is somewhat different from the majority would be alianated , have worse social and economical qualifications , and commit raw crime , become a easy visible group for the majority to bash on to feel a sense of collectivity ( my english is limited , but it 's almost a pack mentality ), 
  i cant really hate on people for beliving in some religion . 
  it 's mostly poor unpriviliged people who believe . 
  i couldnt care less what people choose to believe in their personal life . 
  religion should have no power in the state though . 
  ofcourse those are arguments , cultural capital is very much a thing and is used to explain why kids with higly educated parents do better then other in school . 
  wolf in irish means son of the land ? 
  i find that pretty cool and somehow poetic, 
  did i use the wrong term ? 
  anyway taking no responsibility and denie to help refugees by closing all the borders would be a simple and cruel solution to the crisis . 
  it 's simple because it 's so strict and extreme . 
  what is the remaining 97.5 % ? 
  and which other groups are `` overwhelming '' finland ? 
  edit : because swedes , estonians or whatever dont really count, 
  we have much more capacity to go on overall . 
  syrian refugees are atleast the biggest non european group applying for norway atm , and i excepct it to be like that across europe . 
  syrians are also being prioritized , and many from afganistan and africa get rejected . 
  have some faith in the system . 
  there is also stuff like everyday racism , like if a refugee wants to rent a apartment , the house owner will often choose a native rather . 
  the language is also a big factor . 
  and but not least , cultural captial , the parants and the enviroment , can they get help with homework ? 
  do their family discuss politics ? 
  education is expensive , and you have to be succsesful through many years of school to get there , and it 's hard for many , especially immigrants with worse qualifications to succeed . 
   why encourage that ? 
  that 's not humane i agree that we should use ships and planes etc to help them move safely . 
  but no one is really encouriging that , it just shows a tendency about how desperate they are and how much they 're in need of help . 
  it 's true that you only hear the extremes , for and against , and it rouins so many good debates . 
  avout crime rates and why it 's commited by refugees , it has an easy word , but a number of conplicated reasons . 
  it 's social differences . 
  it 's not like arabs commit more crime then whites because arabs somehow think different , has other modifications in the brain or whatever . 
  it 's not in their culture either , stealing , murder and rape is widely frowned upon across cultures . 
  it 's all about them being poor , desperate and angry . 
  the lower class commit raw crime like theft , while the upper and middle class commit soft crime like tax dodging etc. 
  the raw crime is far more visible and way more symbolic . 
  the reason immigrant always wind up in the lower class is because they obviously has worse qualifications to succeed , so statisticly a bigger percent of immigrant will end up there , then natives . 
  sweden has lots of social differences , and they only become bigger , and so eone needs to be blamed . 
  the visible crime commiting minority is an easy target . 
  i 'm not surprised that the media choose to not encourage such hate and ignorance , they really put the lives of the minority at risk by doing so , and it will only make matters worse for the years to come . 
  and tbh i dont think it 's a big issue , the people who are really angry about immigrants would be so anyway , they 're just pissed that average joe dont get encouraged to join the circlejerk . 
  the concept of refugee is to take a percent of the population , take them into europe and let them live here . 
  there 's 400k refugees , and 4 million in total , we just recieve a tiny percent . 
  we do this to put some pressure off their neighborcountries , libanon for example . 
  this has never been about aaving everyone , most of our founds are going to `` help them where they are '' . 
  it 's not about helping everyone who is poor , we help put people who cant stay in their own country without fearing for their life . 
  these so called `` economic immigrants '' ( from balkan etc ) usually get denied , and it has been like that for a while . 
  as usual when i try to discuss this i get you dumbasses , saying that `` we cant save everyone '' , it 's obviously true , but that is not what the discussion is about , and it never has been . 
  most poor people live in india and china , we dont get alot of immigrants from there , why shall we now suddenly try to save 2.5 billion people from poverty by immigration ? 
  you are just theorycrafting in some futuristic scenario , do a reaility check . 
  if anyone is driven by emotions it 's you guys who so heavily argue against refugees because you think it 's the end of the world as you know it . 
  fear and intolerance is those emotions . 
  in a capitalist society there will always be poor and social differences , and most immigrants wind up in the lower class because they have a hard time competing and succeding in their new societies . 
  the immigrant population of europe is 4 % and will become 5 % with the syrians , it 's really not that drastic that people believe it is . 
   you have absolutly no solutions just `` we need to help compassion emotions rational and logical thinking is rascist cry cry cry '' you 're actually no better then the people who are triggerhappy and use the term racist to freely . 
  can you maybe show me logical and rational arguments for why the syrian refugees will overthrow and bankrupt europe instead of operating on some fucked up future scenario with 2.5 billion refugees ? 
  thats bullshit , most muslim dont think that 's okay . 
  the media has a responsibility to showcase what happens , and plenty of people are suffering , the kids who drown are drowning for real and that 's not a agenda . 
   the daily mail , express etc which are pointing out issues the daily mail really ? 
  that 's one of the newspaper we know clearly have an agenda . 
  i see lots of bbc published articles that dont put muslim in a good light at all . 
  poverty and ghettos are tightly connected , it 's not just a wish to live nearby other from the same country . 
  people in ghettos have issues because social mobility is hard , maybe to hard in western countries . 
  it 's important to fight extremism , people should not mix it up with islam in general and believe that every muslim is extreme and dangures . 
  ghettos are formed because of wealth , not nationality . 
  there are more crime in ghettos because poor people commit crime . 
  i 'm sure immigrants in northern sweden want to move south because it 's cold as fuck and dark . 
  northern norwegians and northern swedens tend to move south as well actually , they probably just want to live in the ghetto as well ? 
  they are more urban then us . 
  the fact that ghettos are being created just shows that a group of people are having a disadvantage compared to the rest of the population , therefor clustering and making shabby poor neighborhoods . 
  it 's really just that it 's not a accepted standpoint on the crisis , and i find it hard to believe that people purely dislike this because he is not being objective enough . 
  this sub has not been about great journalistic and debate lately . 
  it 's probably less then 1 % , if not there would be alot more terror . 
  heard many people claim that the uk media was very right winged about this , but i wouldnt know tbh . 
  the debate is operating on extremes always , for and against , and it 's wrong . 
  indeed , the paranoia level on this sub is ridicules,
