  judging big groups people based on a tiny group of extremists . 
  in the real world , tons of people live on the street while getting their asylium request evaluated , people cross the mediterraean on boats and drowns , syria is in war , much because of the wests weapon industry . 
  so many people need help , and europe is wealthy enough to help . 
  there is no fake need for cynism , emotions and a will to help are good things in 2015 . 
  things will be different in the future , but that 's not the problem now and my view is not naive , it 's humane . 
  there have to be many more immigrants before our welfare is not sustainable . 
  and i 'm talking about refugees from syria , not the ones from balkan , they get denied everytime . 
  facts is that the immigrant perfenct of the population is going from 4 % to 5 % and you guys think it 's the apocalypse , it 's crazy, 
  what ? 
  leaving their religion behind does not mean they have to not be muslims , it 's just getting softer . 
  we do have religious freedom in europe , and people are allowed to be a muslim , hindu or whatever . 
  yeah but what 's refreshing for me is subjective , and i read alot of reddit for news . 
  i disagree that the media is one sided , it seems to me like it 's very easy to be against immigration and base it on articles about rape and murders commited by muslims . 
  i suspect that eastern european countries really try to win over the population , which is very xenophobic , but i dont know . 
  are emotions and a wish to help people in need a bad thing ? 
  they do , since the state ( dictator ) is the ruler of their countries , and nobody is really given a choice . 
  if we respect the differences , then we should respect mosques as well . 
  because the rhetoric is stupid and not comperable serious answer is that i wish i could , but i cant because gf dog and space . 
  i use to buy them food though . 
  just as christians would like to have churchs , muslim wants mosques for religious reasons . 
   just make the refugee camps larger well , that 's naive . 
  i 'm surprised how serious people threat the dublin law , wish people would do the same about the fn quotas . 
  if your friends house burnt down , would you give him shelter ? 
  it 's not wishful thinking , give them safety and control of their own lives and many will become much less extreme . 
  for every muslim lunatic in europe , there 's probably thousends of grateful peaceful muslims . 
  there 's a difference between organized religion and what the i dividual choose to believe . 
  the last is not a threat to us , the organised religion is what they leave behind when they become refugees . 
  europe does not have a huge islam problem , that 's just wishful thinking . 
  you mean that 4 million people should wait in overpupulated refugee camps where they live on top of each other in tents , while applying for asylium in european countries ? 
  there is a reason why people leave the refugee camps, 
  it 's the other side of the coin for a change , and that 's refreshing . 
  there are many examples of nations fighting regulary through the history , and by no means are the islam states worse then the christians . 
  the dublin law clearly does not work in crisis like this , if everyone was supposed to follow them then everyone would be stuck in eastern europe and capacity would be blown away there , bringing along many more problems . 
  the law is used to have control over who comes , and should not be used as an excuse for eastern europe to recieve the most and take care of them , while the rest of eu sit on their asses and try to figure out what to do . 
  european and christian culture also had this kind of fucked up gender equality , and for sure it 's something to fight . 
  they wont bring it along on a macro level , they are not many enough , and in a free country they will get enlighten and live by our rules and norms . 
  the fact that they 're conservative snd religious is not a disease that need to be stopped . 
  let them choose and give them oppertunities to succed and gain income , then their shitty views will disapear . 
  or you know , the agenda that it 's good to help people in need and that it 's kinda disgusting how against this many are based on lies and fear . 
  in trondheim during the weekend there where to knife murders done by white males , no national media covered that . 
  same thing happend in oslo , where a muslim did it , bam national media is on it and people circlejerk about how muslims are bad . 
  the rapes in oslo are also mainly done by white males , but everyone thinks that immigrants are lurking the city streets looking for rape victims , because of narrative by the media . 
  that the media choose to show dead toddlers on the beach is not some kind of agenda , it 's happening and people need to be aware that lots of people are suffering . 
  many muslims probably support the idea of sharia , they can relate or whatever . 
  this does not mean that they would force it on everyone else , and actually go through with it . 
  statistics are easily manipulated and taken out of context . 
  i have read alot of actual history , and the muslims have like two major conflicts into europe , one in spain and one from the turkey , while europe have many more . 
  i find it weird that many europeans copy the level of paranoia from the 1500s spain . 
  my bullshit radar is of the charts , i have never heard anyone claim that laws dont apply to immigrants , and i 'm sure john oliver dont think so either . 
  many wish to have a succsesful and good life in their new country , while keeping their cultural hertiage , and that 's okay by law . 
  feel like people misunderstand this . 
  the point of the refugees from syria is to release pressure off syrias neighbourcountries , which are now at full capacit . 
  we only take a tiny percent of all the refugees , but it helps alot in the refugee camps . 
  found it very refreshing compared to all the one sided stuff that gets posted here . 
  closing all borders ( popular suggestion over here ) is also a very simplistic solution , but people seem to overlook that . 
  the biggest european issue is big social differences , that some has ridicules much , and many has little . 
  fight poverty and many of these problems would be less of a problem . 
  it 's just not as symbolic as `` islam is an enemy and they 're coming to our country '' , all this hostility and lack of tolerance obly reinforces the problem further . 
  the media will always portrait women and childs to make an impression , it 's not unique to the immigrant crisis , it 's the oldest media trick in the book and not something used specificly to push an agenda or whatever . 
  it 's also not like these sob stories are not happening , and the media ofcourse need to cover it . 
  mig be different with your nationalmedia , but most medias are that one sided . 
  the fact that most news agencsies choose to cover the refugee crisis on a positive way , is clearly a indicator that lots of people actually need help , which is a fact . 
  what agenda ? 
  to overrule europe with islam ? 
  think it 's okay to argue for solidarity and helpfullness , was very refreshing content . 
  better then your facism plan tbh , far from all migrants are stabbing lunatics atm , and your suggestion is not humane in any way . 
  how is the media one sided ? 
  if a crime is commited by a muslim , it 's clearly stated so in the article , these are the articles that get frequently posted on this sub . 
  the level of immigration is no near population replacement , and in `` our '' culture it should be completly accepted that someone believe in allah , other in jesus and many in none . 
  muslims will not be able to overthrow states and countries through elections or whatever , they are not nearly enough , they come from many different countries , and guess what , not every muslim thinks the same way . 
  many become less religious as they enter a free secular country as well , since the debate always is on these future scenarios . 
  that you believe the immigrant crisis will turn out as a genocide of the majority is just ridicules . 
  all your statements are based on that all muslims acts like isis , would be like conparing all the white people kkk . 
  if we shall follow european history then we should be afraid of paranoia and facism , just the kind of shit you post here . 
  also , we have crusades , imperialism , slavery and genocides all done in the name of christianity , if anything muslims arriving to europe should be scared . 
  i dont know , the level of paranoia in your post is just off the roof . 
  very few support open borders , and it will not be a reaility . 
  my guess is that no one will accept having open borders . 
  most of the founds are being used in the refugee camps , and syrias neighborcountries . 
  the capacity in libanon is just full , and people live on top of each other in tents . 
  so out of 4 millions refugees , about 400k are going to europe . 
  we 'll help out syrias neighbourcountries by accepting refugees , it 'll ease the pressure and that 's much of the point for accepting refugees . 
  i dont think being educated and qualified should be a necessary to become a refugee . 
  uneducated and poor people should have just as much right to seek asylium as the rich ones . 
  and of course they dont kbow the language , it 's something they have to learn . 
  it 's more important to help out people from warzones then people who want to work . 
  even though , most immigrants in norway are swedes and polish people , working construction and in bars etc. 
  what you say about ghettos are a bit true , but it 's closely tied to economics and what neighborhoods the state can afford to buy into . 
  in general many immigrants should be settled on the countryside imo , but people who dont live in cities are generally xenophobic as fuck . 
  i think you just have lots of misunderstandings about this and the reailty , dont use this sub to read about the refugee crisis , it 's heavily biased towards `` no immigration at all '' . 
  yeah lets lock them up in a concentration camp with education , that will not piss them off and make them perfect citizens . 
  tragic incidents where muslims are the offenders getting posted over and over ? 
  me too , bro, 
  we have been multi cultural for a long time . 
  i dont get why he gets shit for being one sided . 
  it 's clearly about how we threat and talk about the immigrants , he also states that it 's a lot of people and that clearly is problematic . 
  i guess there was not enough shit about muslims being bad for the video to be accepted here on reddit . 
  give me a fucking break , being called a racist because you dont want any immigrants is completly justified , since you judge such a huge amount of humans on tragic single cases . 
  completly overlooking that many need help and are genuinly nice people , every group of people got rotten eggs , but that doesnt mean that everyone should be left out in the cold based on the actions of a few lunatics . 
  this very basic concept is something people over here denie , it 's stupid to draw conclusions from single case , but the anti-immigration circlejerk is strong .
