yeah they evolve , that 's why it 's troublesome that many work so hard to make them worse or take them back to the 30s . 
  please show me your source for these `` actual observable facts '', 
  you are very right , it 's a very smart move from the dpp to remain relevante . 
  parties like dpp is wise not to take too much power , since they are basing their politics on being the victims in the society . 
  the moment they start to rule , people will realize that dpp cant fix their problems and they 'll lose tons of voters . 
  this has happend in norway where frp now sits in the government . 
  they gain almost all their votes on either alchohol politics , road politics or xenophobia . 
  one of their most important cases was too throw bin laden the fuck out , they hav n't been able too . 
  another was new roads , less tax , and no toll stations . 
  too bad they figured they need tax and toll stations to build new roads , so there are now more toll stations then ever , which pisses off their voters to no end . 
  the only thing they achieve is helping out h\u00f8yre gain power , which cuts in taxes and makes the welfare worst for the people who needs it most , the people who vote for frp . 
  these parties dont do well in a ruling position , since they are so vocal and depended on being the victims to relate to people . 
  while they 're not hitler or mussolini , the rise of popularity these parties get across europe is troublesome . 
  it shows that more young people are getting expossed to right winged extremism , and i think the likes of anders breivik will be the real future european issues , righ winged terrorism since people blow this crisis out of proposions and morale and ethic is completly dumpstered . 
  relax , i 'm all for being sceptical to the west , dont be so butthurt . 
  fact is though that most eastern europeans countries have a much more homogenous population , therefor the only knowledge about muslims will be the stuff they see on tv . 
  there are also alot more tradinational values in your contries . 
  it 's not about increasing diversity , europe should work togheter towards a solution , but eastern europe is clearly too xenophobic and dont want the responsibility . 
  its being used by politicans to gain votes . 
  its ridicules that slovenia refuse to recieve 800 refugees for example . 
  the nomad lifestyle does not really fit well into a modern lifestyle , so they 're an easy target for alienation imo . 
  their way of life really does not help them out with stuff like education , so most romas will have a hard time fitting into a modern society . 
  no it 's nowhere near that bad in norway , sweden and finland etc. 
  sweden got a issue with putting people to work , but norway do not have similar problems . 
  the crime rate is associated with socio-economic belonging . 
  `` raw '' crime ( murder , theft , rape ) is done by mainly by one group , the poor . 
  in norway that group is immigrants , because they have worse qualifications to succeed in our society . 
  so statistically they have a bigger chance to start doing crime . 
  `` soft '' crime is mainly done by norwegians , stuff like dodging tax , but it 's much less visible and do n't have the symbolic status compared to the raw crime . 
  the fact that raw crime is mainly done by immigrants just shows that our society is not equal enough , it 's somewhat expected , and i hope to see the racial differences fade out in a couple of decades . 
  during the yugoslavia war we took in lots of refugees from serbia , croatia etc , they are now just as norwegian as me , fully integrated , would n't know they where second generation immigrants if not for their surname . 
  immigration is long term to improve the lives of people , and many cant comprehend that . 
  we are very restrictive and careful , i 'm 100 % sure we could help out more refugees , no other country is better suited to receive immigrants , but we wont just because xenophobia . 
  in theory many immigrants would make us bankrupt , but there is a line to be crossed , and we are extremely far off it , our welfare and state is more then suitable to take more then 10k refugees . 
  old ass suggestion from 1982 , germany is successful and did have a good growth from 1982 to now . 
  the many turks are also a part of that , even though they 're supposed to be such a burden . 
  eastern europe got lots of problems on it 's own , if there are problems with minorities it showcases a tendency about unsuccessful education , work opportunities and issues with social differences . 
  this reinforces xenophobia , which again makes everything worse . 
  even democrats are very right-winged compared to many european parties , so even though republicans are doing badly the general ideology is pretty far right , i mean the political scale is much centered around right-wing ideology . 
  try criticizing israel , or weapon policy for example , it 's generally not very well received . 
  so even though they might loosen up the conservatism , it 's still very right-winged compared to most europeans , and it paints the political landscapes on many of the biggest subs on reddit . 
  but relatively to usa , then reddit is probably way more `` leftist '' then the american population in general , so you 're right . 
  really ? 
  my impression is that it 's really dominated by americans , which tend to be very liberal and conservative . 
  totally biased impression ofcourse , might be very wrong . 
  reddit is supposed to be dominated by relatively young smart males , still we see that it 's very right-winged , i think that 's troublesome . 
  might just be internet culture in general . 
  guess its just personal opinions , but i think spending tax money on refugees is very reasonable and i have a hard time understanding why its supposed to be a bad thing . 
  you 're probably against tax in general if i understand your tone . 
  in western europe ? 
  no one as far as i know ? 
  you highly exaggerate the democratic impact reefugees will have . 
  many will become less religous when actually given a choice , and since they are running away from a shitty conservative country , they probably not going to be keen to invent it in europe . 
  bad eggs and cherry picking , sick induviduals from warzones is nothing new sadly . 
  hope he gets punished accordingly . 
  talking about western europe solidarity , tolerance , freedom of speech , religious freedom , hospitality , high ethical standards , equality and a will to help people in need . 
  but then again , feel like this is declining . 
  the worst thing i see is when people are arguing for refugees , then being accused arguing for immigrants just too feel good . 
  what kind of fucked up cynism is that ? 
  a will to help people should be encourged . 
  fasicm is increasing rapidly , this is how we 're going to lose our precious culture and nice modern values . 
  every group of people got rotten eggs who abuse the situation . 
  wonder whats the actual scale of this problem , probably minimal compared to the refugee crisis and the war . 
  alright , time to circlejerk about how eastern europeans destory our western values and culture with their rape, 
  i really dont like that our point is supposed to be that their religion is a joke . 
  it dont reflect good modern values like tolerance and equality . 
  bah you 're right , my first comment dont really contribute much . 
  i 'm just a bit pissed , the comments which i actually put some thought into rarely gain anything , then i express disgust over comments like these , even though i might have misunderstood . 
  here 's a more thoughtful comment about freedom of speech and caricatures , if you 're interested : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lo837/danish_antiislam_group_to_show_prophet_muhammad/cv893qz, 
  i very much care about the current refugee crisis , and would like to hear your take on a mass denial mentality regarding that topic . 
  `` stop rescuing them '' on a news article about how 4500 were saved in the mediterranean seems pretty clear to me . 
  might be that his statement is not that cynical , but its easily misunderstandable if anything , and is still the top comment . 
  why do you avoid answering my question ? 
  feel like you 're missing the point . 
  no , how is that relevant to my question ? 
  not like i have to read a fiction to discuss and talk about this . 
  care to explain this `` denial mentality '' ? 
  im proud that you stay true to your values , its way better then the whole `` buhu my inbred racist opinions are getting frowned upon damn leftists '' , i dont really see your motive for the first post though but whatever, 
  the victim mentality is strong in this one, 
   stop rescuing them because they will keep coming . 
  top comment ? 
  what . 
  the . 
  fuck / r/europe ? 
  a redditor for 11 days and a random nickname , seems legit, 
  is that the best you got ? 
  edit : some coward wrote `` tl ; dr : islam apologist '' and deleted his comment , resulting in my reply, 
  action got consequenses , simple as that . 
  no one should get killed for publishing a caricature , its completly unacceptable . 
  the freedom of speech got some dilemmas , there are some things to consider . 
  it 's not black and white , the freedom of speech does not protect us from consequenses . 
  and while violent consequenses are not okay , it 's a very human reaction , and very predictable . 
  if i wipe my ass with a manchester united flag infront of a bunch of holigans , they will fuck me up , maybe not all , but some some would attack me . 
  people are so different , and it 's hard for us to judge peoples beliefs and values , since our reaility and perspective of life is so different , the point stands for all humans . 
  it 's not like freedom of speech protects us from consequenses . 
  every action will have an reaction . 
  if i choose to do something that for sure will piss off someone , like insult a mate of mine , he will get hurt and maybe go violent . 
  i wont go to jail for insulting him , but im not being nice and i clearly break norms . 
  i dont protect the extremists , and we should not be scared to silence by them , but i can understand that the artist choose not to show the picture . 
  i dont know his motives , but it does not have to be that he is scared to silence , but he shows consideration to a big group of people , he respects them and their feelings .
