  fact is that while many muslims would get upset over a caricature , a extremly tiny minority would go full frontal armed assault , and it 's not wrong to respect them ( the majority of muslims ) , especially in difficult times like these . 
  as i said eariler , we know that something we say can and will piss off some people , it 's very predictable . 
  the fact that this anti islamist group want to take advantage out of that , to put muslims in a bad light , in the name of freedom of speech is a mockery , and even an insult to freedom of speech . 
  it 's not about shoving caricatures and mockery of a huge religion down the throut of a group that holds that religion dear . 
  might sound simplistic , but it 's simply not nice , and it 's not wrong to show consideration to our new europeans . 
  freedom of speech is not weakend through this , it just shows that people behave properly . 
  my guess is that it will be more easily tolareted when the immigrants are integrated . 
  our freedom of speech is not weakend , freedom of speech does not protect us from normal norms . 
  why do swedish people pour water on their computer before starting it ? 
  because they want to surf on the internet !, 
  i 'll see myself out, 
  what do you mean by actual harm ? 
  every big group of humans have douchebags and troublemakers , refugees are not exception , its very human . 
  that does not justify closing borders , the problems that comes along are minimal compared to the value of the lives we save . 
  some will abuse the system , but hopefully they will get cought by the system . 
  we do it to help them , not us , thats the whole idea . 
  can argue that its good for us too , but in the end its something we do for the refugees , why ? 
  because we are rich stable countries who easily can handle more people from different cultures and the problems it brings, 
  so by that logic every refugee should settle in eastern europe , gree e and italy . 
  they adjust the birthrate to the country they settle in . 
  the minority adjusts to the majortis culture , they will still be muslims because nost wont abonden their religion , but they wont threat cultural norms . 
  rape is not accepted among arabic culture what kind of propeganda are u reading . 
  who turns a blind eye to rape ? 
  acts done by individuals cant be used to judge several million people . 
  in every group of people there are douchebags , muslims are no exception . 
  that does not mean that we should not help out and recieve refugees . 
  our society can handle poor thats why , people are poor anyway . 
  eventually they will be able to succeed integrate as well as natives , but this normally takes one generation . 
  these are not big issues , crime would be commited in any society with pretty big population . 
  we dont avoid poverty by closing the borders . 
  we recieve refugees since its the right thing to do . 
  they are humans just as us and deserve to be treated that way . 
  they are refugees , they wouldnt be in europe if not for the war . 
  is there some kind of rule that they have to settle in the first war-free country they arrive to ? 
  whats so wrong about them wanting to live in germany or sweden ? 
  especially when germany and sweden is two of the countries who accept most refugees . 
  the rage against is just because these refugees exist and people dont want them in their country . 
  second . 
  people are stupid and think they approach some kind of cultural apocalypse because of 400k refugees . 
  rape , theft and crime in general is not accepted in arabic countries either , its not a part of their culture . 
  poor people commit crime , and immigrants have worse qualifications to succeed in the society , then `` natives '' . 
  therefor many end up poor , so the racial minority quickly becomes very visible , therefor the scrapgoat for crime and such . 
  this fuels people to think its a cultural problem , and not a problem about socio-economy . 
  if you believe that humans from arabic countries are more likely to commit crime because of `` their nature '' or whatever then you truly deserve the term `` racist nazi '', 
  well shit, 
  im talking about the refugees from syriza, 
  how about the fact that sweden and germany are the two countries to accept lots of refugees , and thats why they want to go there ? 
  the fact that they want to live in wealthier countries doesnt make them economic immigrants , they are refugees and wish to settle in good countries . 
  maybe `` seeking fortune '' got bad acesions . 
  they want to give themself and their family the best possibilities for a good life , and they move around . 
  i really dont understand the anger about this, 
  its refugees , not economic immigrants . 
  there are much more to it then economics alone , you know , civilwar for 4 years is a pretty obvoius push factor from syriza . 
  even though tons of people live in poverty , its not safe to assume that everyone want to move to europe . 
  people have been in poverty for ages , without that alone causing a immigration crisis like we see today . 
  relativly speaking , people are as happy in the poor areas of asia , as we are in scandinavia . 
  often happier . 
  1 million lives here and there matter , thats a shit tons of lives , its really simple . 
  please do , this sub is so shit, 
  they want to improve their lives and who can blame them ? 
  the fact that its illegally just speaks volume that the system doesnt work edit : phrasing, 
  i see nothing wrong with this , lots of people are in need of help , and a newspaper try to make people more consciuos about it . 
  its kinda important to argue against all the nonsense though , if my arguments for immigration affects some fence sitters , its so worth it, 
  who are we to judge parts of their culture . 
  who cares how it was made and why . 
  fact is that a individual should be able to dress the way it wants . 
  its all about choice , we dont have such a morale highground that we help feminism by banning a part of their cultural identity , we only restrict their personal freedom and that is not okay . 
  it 's such a `` we are better then you , and we know better then you '' attitude . 
  to assume that its the case for most muslims women is wrong . 
  you do them no favour by banning a religious clothing . 
  what about those who consider it a vital part of their identity ? 
  how can we brag about freedom if people cant dress the way they want ? 
  thats bullshit , people should dress in whatever the fuck they want . 
  if the state is about to allow/refuse different clothes , then we 're no better then the religious dictatures . 
  thats a pretty grim prediction . 
  not weird how muslims dislike jews when the jews invades palestine soil , and lets not talk about how the west made and forced the location of israel . 
  us is not one ally , all the countries of nato are likely to stay true to their `` leader '' . 
  derp , they have every reason to be paranoid since they 're next to israel , a millitary superpower ruled by lunatics backed up by the west . 
  the fact that israel has been invadeing palestine for decades is not something people seem to have trouble with . 
  need to be careful about this guy brad pitt , wherever he goes disaster closely follows, 
  or palestine, 
  some zombie apocalypse level paranoia going on , ridicules !, 
  look at how shit comments like these hustle 100 + upvotes https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jux9e/only_25_of_asylum_seekers_are_women_and_children/cush30d this sub is a disaster, 
  i know , this sub is shit, 
  i used to grow some pitty looking facial hair just to look older , those were the days, 
  no problem , i have uncovered the lies of the left and know the truth, 
  fact is , we are not about to help that many people that bankruptcy will be a reaility , we are so far off , i dont get why people are genuinly concerned . 
  other fact is that 8 million are fleeing from their country , dent or not dent , if we are able to help lets say 1 million , its still 1 million lives we help/improve/save . 
  its not like its a act in vein , even though we cant save all . 
  thats not the goal of immigration either , we help some of the people so the pressure on their neighborcountries wont be so tense , from there they rebuild syriza , we 're not about to help 8 million refugees by integrating them into europe . 
  the fact that we cant save all is just sad , its not a excuse to not help any at all . 
  cant speak for all , but im all for more immigrants mainly because we should help alot of people , especially since we are so capable . 
  the only thing we lack is will , much based on lies and fear, 
  not sure why you think they 'll make paralell societies based on where there are teachers . 
  to assume that they 'll join isis or whatever when they have such a improvment ( refugee -  european citizen ) of their lives is a pretty bold claim . 
  we 'll have to accept a shit ton of refugees before the welfare system wont be sustainable anymore , and since most countries barely accepts refugees at the moment , it 'll never be a problem with the current policy, 
  its the blood red leftist european elite with a ultimate goal to make europa to one big islamistic superpower where white are used as slaves to worship allah , both sexually and physically, 
  i used to lie about my age when talking to pretty girls on parties , guess im a criminal scum , and so are all norwegian males !, 
  apperently life in the refugee camps is a worthy life, 
  edit : if people dont understand that im joking , it really speaks volume about the attitudes towards refugees .
