  the xenophobia is mosly based on middle eastern culture , not gypsies and other euopean sub culture . 
  this is a proof of my point , if we know their culture and live alongside them , we become much more tolerant towards that specific culture . 
  your countrymen is probably afraid of middle eastern culture , because they have not experienced it . 
  just a fun fact , gypsies is reslly hated in norway so the xenophobica is strong here , but thats because there never was a big gypsie population here , so people assume that gypsies are all criminals and thiefs and whatnot . 
  im glad to hear its not like that in eastern euorpe , not weird since gypsie culture springed from eastern europe though . 
  i dont really know alot about czech politics , so you may be right that the leaders act like elitists jerks . 
  still czech is a rather wealthy country , and could probably handle immigrants from syriza , but people are afraid , and all for the wrong reasons . 
  the politicans cant go on and say that everyone is dumb , wrong and brain washed either , so they probably ignore the outcry . 
  since immigration is such a hot topic , thats probably the best thing they can do , even though its shitty for the citizens . 
  you have to stop saying that there 's not a lot of anti immigration news on western media . 
  cameron talks about handling the `` swarm '' of immigrants , merkel talks about the `` flood '' from syriza , i mean the rhetoric is pretty clear : immigrants is a plague/disaster . 
  its so inhumane , this is people who flee their country , and their considered as lesser human beings and enemies of `` our '' way of life . 
  now and then there is some immigrant friendly news , with picture of people struggling and such , if said news is posted on reddit we get this shitty argument . 
  `` buhu that poor baby is drowning , the government just want us to symphetise with those terrorist , i wont get fooled !! 1 '' . 
  people actually gets pissed if they are exposed to the pain and suffering the immigrants go through , calling it some kind of leftist propeganda , its so utterly bullshit . 
  and your all about covering all aspects of the immigrant situation , and people dont handle the truth at all . 
  its like they dont wan na realize that these are actual humans , and not a forgein swarm of enemies who want to have sharira laws and dictatorship in the country they immigrate to . 
  hell you might be right about the situation in your country because i dont really know . 
  but alot of the things you say are so wrong , and so much of the critic against immigration is uncalled for . 
  immigration bring some problems to the already established society , its a fact , but these problems are minor , and every modern society can handle them easily if they want too . 
  it goes over peoples head that immigration is not something for the society to gain on , its simpmy to save and improve lives of the people from another shitty country . 
  the real problem is creeping facism in europe . 
  yeah thats not gon na happen . 
  syriza have 7 millions on the move , norway has a population of 5 millions , we discuss if we gon na accept 8000 or 100000 of them . 
  what % is that ? 
  its simply not a reality that the majority of native norwegians can be overrun by immigrants , and it wont be for centuries . 
  we are so restrective and douchy already , we could easily losen up and help alot more people . 
  people are so afraid of forgein culture already , and they probably will be for a long time , there is no chance in hell that we would be overrun . 
  i can also argue that some chinese man has the same rights as me to live in norway , but thats another discussion . 
  in your case its not that immigration is bad . 
  the immigration proces has gone wrong , and they probably live in a poor neighborhood since they cant do well enough in the society to settle wherever they want . 
  alot of immigrants in one area is a effect of bad integration , that they cant really settle in so they have to live in the cheap same space . 
  its sad that you feel alien in your own home , but its really a structural problem from the society you live in , not about race . 
  its weird , the people who are not affected are the people who holds the biggest grudge against immigrants . 
  the one who are in touch with them tend to have a more humane perspective . 
  of course they question immigration when they are fed with right-winged `` islam is bad '' rhetoric for over a decade through media . 
  i simply cant believe how you think there is some leftist elite that controll the media , who try to defend immigration and what not . 
  i dont understand how you dont see the `` great wave of xenophobia '' yourself . 
  its clearly there , a neoconservative wave is everywhere , hell this subreddit is a fine example of it . 
  crime rates are dropping in norway , and has done so for the past few years , still the news with race in the headline are more frequent , and the police has a new weapon policy to defend us against terrorism . 
  its actually so stupid , its just a result of alienation . 
  but really , you simply cant turn the media argument around . 
  right winged opinions are all over the media and reddit all the time , usa has such a huge impact on western european politics and culture , and people just jump the bandawagen without thinking it through . 
  most news focus on bad immigration since that is what people wish to read , and this happens over and over . 
  its so stupid that you think you can turn this argument around , like right winged opinions are the minority , its absolutly not , atleast not on reddit . 
  your best argument regarding media would probably be : everyone says that islam is bad , everyone cant be wrong . 
  no shit , they have much worse qualifications to succeed in the education system ( and society overall ) then the people who grow up in the country , who know the language and the culture . 
  thats good , glad the majority of germany dont behave and think like this sub . 
  i just dont get why you consider them as an alternative . 
  why not both ? 
  immigration is not hurting us that much , its extremly exaggerated and a way for political parties to gain votes on populistic politics . 
  you cant excuse for example stoning as a part of their culture , and therefor justified . 
  everything cant be justified in the name of culture . 
  we in the west live very a very different society then they do in the middle east . 
  through democracy we have adjusted and modified our culture to modern times . 
  they are born and grown up in dicatorships or states ruled by religious nutjobs . 
  they dont have the same power as us to affect the culture , and it has been like this for a long time . 
  much of the shit that goes down in those countries in the middle east is because of the government/dictator , who is in charge for the laws and values that are accepted in their society . 
  the people who now are on the run never had any power as in freedom of speech or democracy , they had no power over their own culture on a macro perspective . 
  some people like/approve the culture because they identify with it , since thats what they were born into , and thats something we should respect to some degree . 
  point is that their culture had no room to grow like ours . 
  and i to some degree agree with you , but i wouldnt call our culture superior or anything because i think its unfair to compare cultures up against each other because culture have to grow and adjust , which the states and religion dont allow . 
  religion and conservative attitudes holds the country back from developing , its nothing new . 
  i dont see how those actions conflict with immigration . 
  its not like if we stop manufacturing weapons , then we get a `` pass '' on immigration . 
  by all means , we could and should do that , but we still should recieve immigrants . 
  oh no , you dont buy the `` help them where they are '' argument ? 
  well of course immigration causes some problems and waves in an already established society . 
  i truly believe that people can become more tolerant and open minded towards race . 
  i think you have a very pesimistic view about it , and even if we cant help it , we should not embrace the differences . 
  all science proves that people who grow up among people from other cultures , are more tolerant and less likely to make differences based on race . 
  therefor , i hope the racial tensions will die out with our generation . 
  people just have to be exposed for it , then it will become better by a couple of decades . 
  im not that naive that i think we will have a completly equal society , the majority will always favor themself and white people will relate to other white people . 
  i dont think there will ever be a 50/50 norwegian/immigrant population , maybe all the minorities combined , but they wouldnt have democratic power , to like overthrow the democracy in favor of a muslim dictator like many tend to believe ( a bit off topic here sry ) . 
  yeah our economic age might fade away , i think we should include more people in it while we can . 
  its not like we need the immigrants , and yes it causes problem to the established society . 
  the whole point is to help people in need , and i cant think of anything better to base politics on . 
  immigration is not something we 're supposed to gain on , its purely because we should help them because their country is shitty . 
  as i see it , almost all the arguments against immigration are based on racism to some degree . 
  you can be against immigration without being racist , but many use arguments based on racism to prove their point , hell i dont think they even know that its racism . 
  the biggest one is the `` culture argument '' . 
  people argue that they dont want muslim culture in their country . 
  they then often proceed to point out that cultural differences makes conflicts , then they use examples like `` muslims rape more women then etnic norwegians '' , then people claim that its based on culture , which is complete bullshit . 
  its not like stealing and raping is a part of muslim/arabic culture , stealing , raping and murdering is as frowned upon in their culture as in ours . 
  every problem with minorities in the west is because of social differences , income , enviornment . 
  the hate towards immigrants is just as much hate towards poor people . 
  its not cultural differences , poor people commit crime , regardless of race . 
  the best arguments against immigration are the one based on economics , but in our case ( norway ) its not like we would go bankrupt if we had more immigrants . 
  so all the hostility against immigrants are based on some misunderstanding/propeganda , alianation pointing out differences between races , framing immigrants and muslims as enemies of our way of life or some shit like that . 
  i would normally never write or discuss anything on reddit , but lately i feel responsible to actually argue against all the right-winged comments on reddit just so people can see the other side of the coin . 
  yes my man , i agree 100 % !, 
  the far right-winged idealogies are often based on this `` victim mentality '' that they are treated unfairly in some way or another . 
  everytime i defend immigration i get called out as this elitist jerk who hates and mocks frp ( immigration hostile party in norway ) . 
  the whole west had a right-winged circlejerk since 9/11 and its still going strong . 
  instead of being open minded and think through stuff , they jump on this trend . 
  the people who shout racist remarks are also the victims of a leftist circlejerk and they truly fight the power by being ignorant and hostile towards immigration . 
  in their minds . 
  amen !, 
  politicans using racial issues to gain votes are truly disgusting and a huge problem .
