  no man they most be cowards and pussies , leaving a perfectly fine country like syriza , to watch netflix and chill while living off european welfare, 
  its because the man usually applies for asylum ? 
  call it conservative family structure , the man travels while kids and wife has to chill at the refugee camp, 
  he considered himself some sort of crusader , defending norway from islam , sounds pretty religious to me . 
  its actually a huge threat . 
  people always get pissed when i bring up the breivik incident , but the biggest terror attack we witnessed in norway was from some christian religious lunatic then believed we 're approaching a cultural apocalypse . 
  its scary to think about how more normal , and less frowned upon similar views are now a days . 
  no you 're not a rascist if you are sceptical about immigration , but dont act like extreme views on immigration not are on the rise . 
  the majority trashing on the minority , blaming them for everything thats wrong with the world , nothing new . 
  this is like a urban legend . 
  i see alot more people claiming this , then people actually calling people out for racism, 
  you 're complety right with everything you say , untill the last paragraph . 
  its not that you 're wrong , but you dont take weight for their current situation . 
  they left everything behind , been on the road for god know how long , and people who dont got much tend to hold on to religious beliefs in difficult times . 
  its a tense group , and such a act will trigger a violent reaction just like the utd fans . 
  i dont really defend it , i just kinda can understand their actions , and can you really blame them for not having knowledge about the laws and cultural norms , i mean how long have they been in germany ? 
  its not weird that the bad values and habbits stick around for awhile , its just natural . 
  i consider it as a classical conflict between a christian and a muslim , it just so happens that the majority of the remaining people are muslims , therefor the riot . 
  my point about expressing a action which is unpopular , infront of them , is not wise and forces a reaction . 
  and thats it stupid to judge a group of people based on someone provoking them . 
  i agree , violence is never okay . 
  i can kinda understand them though , they 're in a new country , left all they know behind , been on the road for quite awhile . 
  they probably dont got much left beside their identity to religion , its a tense situation and its really understandable that they 're easily provoked . 
  not saying its okay . 
  i can recommend `` d\u00f8d sn\u00f8 '' if you like the zombie/splatter/comedy genre , 
  fact is that our actions has consequenses . 
  tension is probably running high , the refugees have been on the road for god know how long , they have pretty much left all they know behind to start a new and better life in europe . 
  they still got their identity though , and religious beliefs are a huge part of it since they grown up in religious countries . 
  if i buy a manchester utd flag , i can choose to piss on it , but if i do it infront of a huge mob of utd fans , they 'll probably get pissed , they wont say : its okay thats what freedom of speech is all about . 
  if i buy a bible and wipe my ass with it infront of a christian community in utah or wherever , i 'll probably would get rekt . 
  point is that our freedom dont protect us from consequenses . 
  violence can never be justified as in the video , but fact is that is was stupid to ripp apart the quran in front of a bunch of muslims in a refugee center . 
  it will trigger a reaction . 
  i think its wrong to jump to a conclusion that muslims are bad , based on a actions like ripping apart their holy book . 
  does it matter ? 
  point still stands . 
  ripping apart a quran and flushing it down the toilet , at a refugee center sure sounds like provoking . 
  is that what our freedom is all about ? 
  to behave in a way that we 'll know will piss off alot of people , and expect them to tolerate it ? 
  because we can do whatever the fuck we want ? 
  i mean have some goddamn respect , if its really important for someone to rip apart a religious book and flush it down the toilet , be my guest , but dont do it infront of a lot of people who holds it dear . 
  im sure its the case for christians and muslims alike . 
  their societies are influenced of religious and conservatives beliefs and has been so for a long time . 
  the discrimination of women is deep in their culture . 
  it would be in ours to , but our culture have had the room to grow through freedom of speech and democracy . 
  they have very little power to adjust their culture to modern times , because the structure and frames of the society they are born into , are extremly strict . 
  they dont have any influence , and are just born into it , they are basicaly brain washed . 
  many will hold on the values they are born into , many wont . 
  its not like all muslims are suppressing women , and its wrong to assume so . 
  yeah was hoping we could not focus on the individual behind the text , and rather on the content and the big picture . 
  she points out that its a neoconservative wave among europe . 
  `` the same men '' strawmen much ? 
  7 millions just from syriza are on the move , far from everyone is violent religious maniacs . 
  its connected to suger coating `` our '' culture , and believing that its a really fragile steady thing that can easily get changed . 
  nice reflected comment , appriciate it . 
  i agree that the intergration process could be better . 
  in norway the countryside is able to give home and shelter to massive amouts of people , at the moment its already decaying because people move to the cities . 
  most immigrants in norway live in east-oslo , and its a bit of a problem because then they can easily isolate themself among countrymen , slowing down the integration process . 
  i honestly dont know too much about germany , but i read some good suggestion about giving immigrants work after a couple of days in the country , and to pay young germans as a part of a mentor program to help the newcommers settle in or something . 
  its bad that you feel frustrated that only germany and sweden are the one doing their jobs , but i agree . 
  norwegians like to be proud of being norwegian and all , but shit we are not doing our job in this crisis and we have no reason not to . 
  we dont use the districts , we have the rescourses , we got the space , the thing we lack is will , its purely xenophobia . 
  the fact that countires like mine dont step up and take responsibility of the situation , makes matters worse for germany and sweden . 
  and i honestly dont know why we get away with it , i dont think its okay at all , im embarresed of being norwegian . 
  the new government even departs families who have lived here for years , just because of their new policy , shitty situation . 
  point is , integration is not too good and planned , but that doesnt mean that we shouldnt welcome immigrants . 
  its something our society have to fix to make matters better for everyone , and get rid the hostilty . 
  edit : yeah leftists tend to frown upon immigration critic , but much of the critics are based on alienating and lies . 
  and right-winged people tend to frown upon leftists as well , guess we 'll see alot of it in this thread . 
  i recieve a lot of hate for defending immigration here on reddit , and i feel like people should get some shit back . 
  i know man , its actually horrible , students often have a hard time finding a suitable place to live because of this . 
  its mainly the government/dictator who is in charge of the laws and norms which suppress women , not the individuals , especially not the ones who are fleeing . 
  i hope we can discuss the content of the article , rather then make fun of the individual who wrote it . 
  oh , didnt know . 
  anyway it doesnt hurt to have some article that showcase the other side of the coin , in this whole immigrant debate . 
  so the author might use the racism word to freely at times , but i think the article nicely puts political trends in europe in the spotlight . 
  the article seems very relevante to the state of the sub lately as well . 
  not really just post communism , but also people on the countryside . 
  feel like there 's a common lie about sweden , the country has trouble not because of immigrants , but because of big differences between the social classes . 
  immigrants dont do well in sweden because they lack the education , language skills and culture , so pretty much every immigrant ends up in the working class . 
  the poor is the one to commit crimes , and people misunderstand this and think its some racial issue , when its not . 
  they just hate on poor people , the ones who dont have the best qualifications to suceed . 
  there are also poor native swedes who commit alot of crime , but they get ignored to some degree , excuses like `` they 're just teenagers '' or whatever , but if a immigrant does some shit , then its suddenly a huge issue . 
  i think you get alot of things wrong , the sharira laws in uk and france is hugely blown out of propotions , and the shaddy neighborhoods in sweden and german , would be there even if there was no immigration , because for the average citizen to maintain a high level of wealth , some citizens have to pay the praise and be used as working force . 
  sweden has huge gaps between poor and rich , they also got shitty public schools and good private schools , maintaining the social differences . 
  so its really hard for people to break out of their social class , especially immigrants because of the lack of language and cultural understanding . 
  its a structrual/economic problem , and people in sweden is angry because of this , and scrapgoats immigrants for their problems . 
  people in czech is genuinly worried , and thats understandable , but their worried based on lies and propeganda from populistic politics in western countries . 
  as i said eariler , they take advantage of the fear of the unknown ( other cultures ) , instead of basing politics on real issues like fixing the economis . 
  sd in sweden is the only party in sweden that talks about race , and they do so fucking well , and its not because their right , its because they have succeded in their anti immigration campaign , and make people believe that its a huge threat to their way of life . 
  so instead of focusing og poverty and fixing the problem , they spread hate and hostility , because people love to have enemies . 
  the freedom of speech thing is interesting . 
  i mean , its not okay to attack publishers for painting allah obviously , but thats the work of extremists . 
  and like , why do we have to prove our freedom lf speech ? 
  i know that if i call my friends mother a slut , he will get pissed . 
  i can do it , but he will be pissed , and its not nice . 
  is it so important that i express my freedom , or should i respect his feelings ? 
  its almost philosofical , and not so easy . 
  humor is not always nice though , and i dont think we should censor caricatures of allah or whatever , and extremists actions is not okay . 
  its still a hard question , is it so important to prove our freedom , that we have to provoke ?
