  football has even more players than lol and i still do n't care because the game is so boring compared to starcraft . 
  they 've laddered at least once this season . 
  yeah me too . 
  my plan in golf is to hit the ball in such a way that it gets in the hole but i just ca n't execute . 
  or maybe i can i never tried playing golf . 
  if you played your placement match this season you should be in the stats . 
  i checked the team games stats . 
  sadly not much better although it would n't be that bad if the sets of people playing 1 vs 1 and team games did not intersect but chances are they do . 
  interestingly my win rate after work is quite good . 
  it seems that opponents do n't have the mental energy and are easy to beat , 
  i do n't get it . 
  i enjoy 2 vs 2 just as much as 1 vs 1 . 
  i really do n't get the hate for team games in sc . 
  also why care about balance ? 
  well still better than sc1 for most of its existence  also pretty good for 3 years old game . 
  i bet other rts games do much worse even in their prime . 
  like how do coh or c&c do lately ? 
  i know this is not really popular opinion but i believe balance is overrated . 
  i do n't think it affects the player base much . 
  in fact i think in some cases blizzard made mistakes when changing interesting units and most importantly maps to far more boring but balanced ones . 
  as a random player i get people complaining in literally every matchup ( not counting those who complain about random ) . 
  my win/loss stats in tvp this season is like 2/15 and still in one of the games i won the opponent complained that `` terran is just ridiculous '' . 
  sometimes i ask the guys if they think particular race is op why do n't they play that race and they say that they do n't want to play retarded race . 
  obviously it is less retarded to complain about balance . 
  it 's super confusing to have to switch between the different shortcuts schemes . 
  we used to play bw at work and the moment sc2 came out i stopped playing bw because i was getting very nervous and played significantly worse in both games . 
  first of all if you know the opponent is going to execute 1 base cheese and you ca n't stop it then by definition it is not cheese . 
  second ... what is wrong with that ? 
  how is 1 base cheese less interesting and entertaining than 10 base macro game ? 
  finally i disagree . 
  i play 2 vs 2 on masters level since wol beta ( yeah i know there was no masters back then ) and while the game definitely revolves much less around macro than 1 vs 1 we certainly win a good number of games after defending 1 base attacks . 
  cheese is a strategy that does not have a chance of working if it is discovered or predicted in some way . 
  do you have other definition ? 
  masters was implemented in the middle of season 1 although season 1 was very long . 
  this is why i said masters level . 
  in beta and in season 1 we were placed as top diamond and when masters came we were ranked somewhere above mid masters but not top . 
  i would assume so . 
  with 220k playing 1 vs 1 ladder in the current season i personally would put the amount of total ( not only ladder ) players each day at around 100k, 
  battle.net currently says 750k on battle.net worldwide but i do n't know if this includes diablo 3 and wow . 
  there are other numbers for players but it says 9500 sc2 games worldwide and 3500 games in my region ( europe ), 
  then switch races , 
  in my opinion of a random player terran is definitely the hardest race and has always been . 
  i base this on my stats . 
  if we are talking about 1 vs 1 games this is certainly true . 
  but when we add custom and team games i am not sure . 
  if you define multiplayer experience this way then you are certainly right but if you focus on actual gameplay ... 
  i hate the collective lack of responsibility in dota clones . 
  sc2 team games are much better even if they are neglected by both blizzard and the community . 
  presumably he is using it for work , not for gaming . 
  in my experience of 2 decades of pc gaming every game where the team has more than 3 members degrades to collective lack of responsibility . 
  obviously if you play on high enough level the problem disappears but on sub pro level logistics are absurdly hard problem . 
  i have hard enough time getting 3 people to play regularly together where one of the 3 is me and the other is my girlfriend whom i live with . 
  i do n't want to imagine what it is like to keep a steady team of 5 people if they have full time jobs which are not playing the game . 
  interestingly it seems that people love collective lack of responsibility . 
  it is kind of liberating and prevents the anxiety that games where you actually lose create . 
  i have a friend who was gm material in sc2 ( also played for a while for sk in warcraft iii and attended a couple of wcg finals in warcraft iii ) . 
  he stopped playing sc2 and now plays lol casually and outright declares that the game is not nearly as good as sc2 but he just ca n't play sc2 casually because he gets angry when he loses and when he plays casually he loses a lot . 
  i swear i came here to write exactly this . 
  now to be honest he lists passion as one of the reasons so it makes sense for him to follow the game he is passionate about but to switch to lol because there are more opportunities seems quite absurd to me . 
  i do n't even know what diamond 1 is but the statement looked just absurd to me . 
  i mean even if there are a lot of viewers there certainly are a lot of players streaming and competing for the viewers . 
  i personally think the community 's view on maps , balance and other ingame stuff hurts the game a lot ( i very rarely agree with the community ) . 
  on the other hand i do n't mind losing players because of haters . 
  i do n't mind if only tough guys remain in the community . 
  this ensures that if we survive at all we will survive for a long time quake style . 
  frankly if to keep the game alive we must artificially boost non-koreans then i prefer a dead game . 
  what i like most about sc is how unforgiving it is and it should not forgive anyone who can not perform no matter if he is korean or european or from somewhere else . 
  either play well or be forgotten !, 
  pussies may go play lol and i could n't care less . 
  so why are you following the dead game 's reddit ? 
  the only thing that makes matchups somewhat stagnant are the maps which are basically cloned . 
  if we had a more diverse map pool we would see more strategies . 
  and yes i want steppes of war back . 
  fuck balance , it 's overrated !, 
  i agree with almost all you said . 
  i personally have only two complaints about sc2 and its community . 
  the map pool . 
  maps are basically cloned . 
  i wish steppes of war , desert oasis and lt come back . 
  creativity and diversity should be promoted over balance . 
  it seems that the sc2 community strongly disagrees with me on this point . 
  the disregard for 2 vs 2 play by both blizzard and the community . 
  examples - no 2 vs 2 tournaments with high production value , low respect for 2 vs 2 skill in the community , no gm league for 2 vs 2 teams . 
  team games can engage casual players . 
  in fact i play 3 vs 3 with 2 people who play exactly 0 starcraft outside our team . 
  if i stop playing with them they will stop playing the game completely . 
  sc2 has a side that is forgiving just as much as dota and lol but we are actively suppressing it and insisting that people play custom games or something . 
  i have played more 2 vs 2 lan tournaments in sc1 than 1 vs 1 tournaments . 
  i personally have fun playing 2 vs 2 despite the shared bases maps which i do n't really like . 
  if you read the comments on map changes you will see that the community supports tournament organizers . 
  blizzard just decided to play along and use maps from tournaments on the ladder . 
  i also consider tournament organizers and pro players part of the community, 
  as i already said balance is overrated . 
  if there is a way to blind counter a strategy and win then things are balanced enough . 
  i certainly do n't mind blind countering early pool when i see double zerg opponents in 2 vs 2 . 
  i am sorry i never watched proleague before wcs . 
  i could n't handle following more tournaments back then and i decided to skip theirs . 
  turns out it was a mistake . 
  they work for money and provide good value to paying customers ? 
  how dare they !,
