  kas saving e-sports !, 
  i am all for the dreampool . 
  i played a lot more than last season . 
  i had much more fun at the start of wol with the launch maps . 
  i think many people did . 
  my hypothesis is that people who liked the kind of games produced by these kinds of maps got alienated when these maps were purged by the `` nice macro games '' inquisition . 
  as a result people who still play the game are those who dislike small and odd maps and this is why the response is so negative . 
  i wish we had both kinds of maps in the pool like we did before . 
  ladder is not only for training for tournaments . 
  oh i thought you do it on purpose because it was in the articles too , 
  you realize that most people who gave their money to blizzard for the game are not good , do n't you ? 
  you are welcome . 
  works quite well for me . 
  my zerg record is 10/5 and all my other races are far worse ( traditionally my terran is sad ), 
  i do n't know what this thing is that happens every time . 
  my games this season have all been unique . 
  i have had banelings ran into my natural mineral line , i have been reaper rushed , i have rushed in many different ways ( including 1 base 3 rax bio ) , etc. 
  expecting what ? 
  most of the game i have won was due to opponent not expecting `` it '' . 
  most of us do not play to `` practice '' . 
  this does not exclude people who have fun only with macro games and do not `` practice '' . 
  btw as i have stated in the thread with the poll i think people who enjoy these kind of maps were largely driven away from the game when all maps became super macro maps . 
  in addition people on / r/starcraft tend to be those who follow pro players and play more competitively . 
  if the poll was in game i believe the dreampool would win since bronze players are much more likely to have fun on it . 
  note that the map pool we had in the last two years was not balanced between tournament maps and the old style maps . 
  people like me were left with no map they like because obviously someone needs to `` practice '' . 
  btw i enjoyed watching the early seasons of the gsl and early tournaments much more than the current macro fest so even for competitive play i would prefer the types of maps we had when wol launched . 
  did you ever think that the reason people do not play the game anymore is because they are forced into macro game every game . 
  when they bought the game they had these maps . 
  then because idra did n't like them they were removed so people who enjoy them had no choice but to stop playing . 
  i personally play like 3 times less these days than i played back then because i have 3 times less fun . 
  honestly if the `` old '' starcraft ii was alive somewhere and i could play it i would leave at once and never look back . 
  also for 2 years there was not a single cool map . 
  now there is a very short season with at least some cool maps and the people with 500 games per season are complaining . 
  they are 2 % of the players anyway !, 
  but ... but ... but they know how to macro !, 
  interesting . 
  while looking at this i wondered if there are similar projects that do symbolic computation . 
  found this one - https://ncalc.codeplex.com/, 
  everyone knows that the only real game is macro . 
  it is impossible to have good macro and be a bad player and what is more it is enough to have good macro to be a good player , no need to learn anything else just wait for this bullshit map pool to go away !, 
  moral of the story - google are full of shit and their services are full of shit !, 
  as you seem to be knowledgeable about this things can you recommend a library to work with rational numbers ? 
  well one must be presumed innocent until proven guilty . 
  especially if you claim to do no evil , be pro free speech and whatever other bullshit propaganda google tries to throw at us . 
  also if you find that someone submits a lot of false positives maybe you should change how you evaluate the requests from that particular company . 
  of course those who submit takedown requests are assholes too . 
  interestingly solving systems of linear equations is one of the original reasons computers were created - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atanasoff%e2%80%93berry_computer, 
  it has come full circle !, 
  while you are at it `` integers '' is a terrible name for a class or really anything . 
  this is perfectly clear to me . 
  i do not suggest that they should be sued or that what they do is immoral . 
  what i am pointing out is that their service mostly sucks and the only reason people use it is its monopoly status ( note that i do not suggest regulating them or anything ) . 
  it worth noting that google are probably the most hypocritical company out there as their p.r. 
  has managed to convince the masses that they are the good guys while ms , apple and oracle for example are evil . 
  they talk about human rights in china and shit like that but they are the same corporation as everybody else except that they are more disgusting because they also pretend they are different . 
  diamond . 
  was masters through all of wol because i really really liked the maps and i guess inertia carried me over when they became like the current maps in the end of wol, 
  sc1 was doing fine without any blizzard interaction . 
  frankly i am tired of blizzard trying to move the meta . 
  i wish the community was moving it and finding counters same way we did in sc1 for a decade . 
  micro is not the only way to counter things . 
  changes to maps or completely different strategies have been introduced in bw days . 
  they could somehow free the game from this monopoly if they do not want to support it . 
  let alone that it will fade naturally if they do n't . 
  to be honest i do not buy into the `` skill ceiling '' hypothesis . 
  i would like to see a game with more options for strategy , tactics and mind games rather than a game that promotes mechanics as its core value . 
  team games are pretty competitive if you ask me . 
  the brutal disregard and disrespect team players and tournaments get from the community is the reason there is no team games scene . 
  you can play 2 vs 2 and share control . 
  balance is overrated . 
  balance is for the weak . 
  yeah ... the exact amount of 0 lan tournaments for 2 vs 2 is not disregard ... 
  i do n't mind that strategy is decided before the game . 
  my problem is that it is excluded . 
  as for the mechanics thing you may be ultimately right . 
  however this does not change the fact that blizzard , tournament organizers and the community did and continue doing everything in their power to speed up the process of removing strategy and inserting mechanics . 
  december 2nd, 
  this was always my main reason to play random . 
  might get a main after i get the dark voice icon since terran drags me down so hard :(, 
  about the sc - bw relation , yes the bw campaign is a sequel of the sc campaign and the sc campaign ( which in my opinion is slightly better ) should be played first . 
  to which difficulty of sc2 do you compare it to ? 
  i have played sc + bw like 3 times , wol 3 times ( one normal run , one on brutal and one for the 8 hours achievement ) and hots once and i am pretty sure the brutal version of wol is significantly harder than bw, 
  yeah , they improved the hero mechanic quite a lot . 
  i remember we just used to hide the heroes in our bases to prevent them from dying instead of using them as the super unit they were supposed to be . 
  still after a while you forget about them and they got killed and you stay there startled looking at the defeat screen . 
  i am pretty sure it is not allowed to do that . 
  i vaguely remember that some targets were forbidden to broodling when playing zerg . 
  and it is balanced !, 
  that argument makes no sense as it is . 
  we should evaluate a language based on the use case and based on its stated goals . 
  for example the stated goals of php were for rasmus to build a personal web site and in this regard php is a success but currently php is used to build large scale applications and for this php is a failure ( despite the fact that it is being used ), 
  do n't think about it and buy both now on battle.net since there is a promotion . 
  the single player campaign alone is worth the price . 
  this is a sample code for benchmarking shit . 
  why should they change it ? 
  they want to show a difference . 
  this is not a tutorial on how foreach , for or count ( ) work . 
  take it easy and continue using foreach . 
  i find it extremely annoying .
