  i treat it like a weakness of the race in 2vs2 . 
  other races have other problems, 
  they were n't probably until boxer . 
  should i mention again that ladder was on fast speed ? 
  even boxer was known only for godly micro and was piling up minerals while executing it . 
  i love how this extremely boring gameplay element is causing so much problems because they refuse to just remove it . 
  auto injects are the way to go . 
  just because something is hard does n't mean it should be in the game . 
  it also has to be interesting . 
  i just add an additional hatchery at some point to compensate slipping injects . 
  it is really small price and it is funny how many people refuse to do it just because they want to emulate the pros . 
  hell i even think pros can benefit from this just somewhat later in the game than masters players . 
  the good news is that a class is rarely covariant or contravariant . 
  it is much more common with interfaces and delegates . 
  to get something out of a class you usually put it in somehow so your class is not variant . 
  i have never read more incompetent opinion on dynamic vs static typing . 
  i am pretty sure actual players are in favor of removing macro mechanics . 
  i am talking about all these players that play a couple of games a month and will probably play some more if the game was not so much about clicking and was more about strategy . 
  there are a lot of people who would like strategy over mechanics from the more casual players . 
  on words many of my friends declare that they stopped playing because of the mechanical requirements . 
  it is not obvious if this is true or they just think it is true but certainly there is no proof that they are wrong . 
  uhmmm i hope they do n't . 
  i mean i want to play the games in the sc universe but do n't want to invest in a mmo . 
  also it seems like the mmo mania is slowing down these days . 
  these are the days of the dotas, 
  macro mechanics are chrono boost , mules and larva inject . 
  at one point in the beta they removed them all now they have returned them slightly changed . 
  the mechanical requirements of brood war only became visible when boxer came to power 3 years after the release of the game and it can be argued that even then it was not that obvious as classic boxer was floating in minerals while showing godless micro . 
  maybe this is precisely the time bw effectively died in non-korea, 
  i would n't say that bw was dead before 2001 but it is entirely possible that my perception is skewed by the local scene . 
  i find all the offended people really offensive, 
  if you think it gives advantage you are welcome to choose random and exploit this advantage to the top of gm and why not the gsl ? 
  shhh !, 
  do n't tell them !, 
  you do n't need to play for the late game to be greedy . 
  you can easily be greedy and do a 2 base push . 
  random players never chose to play against you, 
  i used to announce just to get practice vs certain builds but after some demands that it is unfair to play random i stopped . 
  i am quite annoyed by those so now i do not announce just to annoy the opponent . 
  also i have been asked to announce my race in a tournament . 
  i honestly thought the opponent was joking ... still not sure but it seems like he was not . 
  i play random because if i do not play all matchups i feel like i did not get the most for my money . 
  like if i only play 1/3rd of single player missions . 
  people do n't even want to try air maps and small maps let alone randomly generated maps . 
  i live in bulgaria and in the late 90s internet cafes just exploded all over the country for some reason . 
  it was absurd with a small 8 pcs operation at every second corner and many larger ones . 
  it seemed like the thing to do for promotion was to make a tournament . 
  the games of choice were sc , quake 2 , quake 3 and later cs . 
  there were tournaments all the time and many of them were worth travelling around the country . 
  in 97 bulgaria suffered extreme economical collapse so legal copies of the games were too expensive for us for quite some time ( imagine a game that cost 2 months net average salary and you ca n't even buy it because no one is selling it ) . 
  i remember some internet cafes had 1-2 copies so we would go there to play over battle.net . 
  i remember people trying hanging in clan x17 and trying to get a game with grrrr ... ( grrrr ... , pillars , maynard and d22-soso were some heroes we read about ) . 
  interestingly before wcg 2001 the default format for tournament was 2 vs 2 and while there were 1 vs 1 tournaments they were seen as somewhat odd . 
  i guess this is what happens when you do n't have the opportunity to play on battle.net ( we had a quite popular local fsgs server ) and also play in internet cafes with your friends . 
  i did n't realize this back then but i am now sure that at the time we were the best country in 2 vs 2 because we evolved the meta constantly and trained for those tournaments . 
  later we found out that there was that guy mr.x who did not go to internet cafes much and had a copy of the game and played from home . 
  he was extremely good at 1 vs 1 and qualified for kbk twice . 
  he later proceeded to become the first wcg warcraft iii champion under the name sk.insomnia . 
  by 2001 the game had become much more affordable , the internet had improved and our community could finally play with the world so things turned towards 1 vs 1 since everybody wanted to go to wcg . 
  our first wave of players included mr.x , didi8 , kurmur ( later four20 ) and zeerax all of them much more famous for their warcraft iii achievements . 
  sc did n't really fade in popularity until warcraft iii was released but even then we had small but strong community . 
  the second wave of players included beast ( 2004 wcg bronze medalist ) , lamer and enjoy . 
  sadly in the meantime the internet caf\u00e9 business died and the community became weak and the achievements are now much more proportional to the size of the country ( i.e. 
  small and rare ), 
  btw even the liquipedia page for grrrr ... claims that he was a strategic player and was later outclassed by mechanical players who could reverse engineer his strategies due to the newly introduced replays . 
  i think this reinforces my point that sc was not always focused on mechanics . 
  after all our original heroes were not mechanical players . 
  you wanted to share your wife with everyone ? 
  because in the civilized world we keep the women and children away from harm . 
  evolutionary reasons i guess ( wrapped in millennia of tradition and religion ) . 
  better ( from an evolutionary perspective ) for an individual to die rather than his children to die . 
  because obviously women are needed to take care of the children . 
  also they are less effective in combat ( therefore traditionally you do not send them to war ) . 
  while today technology has made women more effective they are still less effective than men especially in infantry roles . 
  most ( not all ) compulsory service roles are infantry , artillery and probably some technicians because there is not enough time to train people properly for more specialized positions ( also they forget their training after a while ), 
   is there something inhaerent to women that enables them to take care of children that men ca n't do ? 
  yes , there is . 
  mammary glands . 
  while you are correct that conscripted people tend to be kept out of real operations they still train for combat and guess what - they do not train for strategic command or pilots . 
  they train for infantry . 
  as far as i remember very few people were busy cooking when i was in the army and at some point they even hired cooks ( non-military ) to do this . 
  of course in different armies it may be different but i am pretty sure there are a lot of fighting training for conscripted men . 
  your argument is quite weak . 
  a better argument can be made that mandatory military service is not very useful these days due to high-tech conflicts and the need for highly trained armies rather than numerous armies . 
  - grandmaster for arranged teams ? 
  - automated tournaments for arranged teams ? 
  certainly as the game gets figured out mechanical players get an edge . 
  my point is that this is not necessarily a good thing and while we ca n't stop it 100 % we should avoid promoting it . 
  the return of the larva inject macro mechanic ( being a macro mechanic that is purely mechanics with 0 decision ) is something that pushes the game faster towards the part of mechanics over strategy . 
  the increase of map size and the standardization of maps ( as opposed to the diverse maps at launch ) is another thing blizzard and the community did to push mechanical players ahead of players who rely on strategy . 
  my whole point is that we are draining the life from the game faster and alienating some players because we are pushing for this rather than trying to slow it down . 
  this is like using pills for aging because you are gon na get old anyway and at the same time complaining that young girls do n't like you anymore . 
  i find it comical that everybody complains but nobody is prepared to leave convenience for privacy and security . 
  i 've yet to meet someone who suggest we use telegram for im instead of skype or facebook chat ( which is even worse than skype ) and i have yet to meet someone who switched from iphone to wp or android because apple 's services got hacked or from android to ios or wp because android has more malware . 
  and this is not even related to the big guys like nsa which can probably attack a lot of services due to the insane amount of resources and legal pressure they can apply . 
  people do n't even care that their data is accessible to the admin of the local internet provider or random script kiddies of the internet . 
  it is so absurd that the only thing left is to laugh . 
  well it is simple . 
  apple have failed multiple times of security recently and ms have not . 
  now if you are into downloading source code i understand that you 'd probably want something that is open source but if you do not compile from source android is even worse than wp and apple because of the update situation and vendor modifications .
