  the game being a team game has a huge influence on its popularity . 
  currently none of the most popular e-sports are 1 vs 1 . 
  quake and street fighter are both less popular than sc2 . 
  turns out people want to play with friends . 
  if i was in charge for the sc franchise after lotv i would try to make an rts game where 2 vs 2 or even 3 vs 3 is the default mode even if the core user base hates me . 
  if i have to rate how an e-sport achieves popularity it would be, 
  team game, 
  free to play, 
  easy to understand and learn, 
  i am a bit sad that sc got so much worse on points 1 and 3 through the years . 
  2 vs 2 was very popular in the late 90s and early 2000s and sc1 had far less rules and special skills for the units . 
  there is no reason sc2 ca n't be a team game . 
  i do n't think cs is more casual in general . 
  casualness is built-in into team games since your team can somewhat make up for your mistakes and if you suck it is easy to blame it on the team so most people just mentally reject the fact that they suck and go on playing . 
  i still believe team games are the thing we need  well a free game will be even better but blizzard has to make money somehow . 
  obviously `` copies '' is incorrect here . 
  it uses the same generator otherwise it would not work . 
  why the hell would you hide the await in a for loop instead of writing a while loop ? 
  so why is the code that just indexes into the array slower ? 
  if this was java or c # i would expect direct access to the items to be faster than going through the iterator but obviously something is different in python . 
  i would blame the fact that the for loop itself goes through an generator but that ca n't explain 4 times difference or can it ? 
  * 3 is also not clear in my opinion . 
  it is bad that it makes you think how it is multiplied - by reference or value . 
  i would say that mutable data should not be multiplied this way . 
  am i the only one who thinks op is trolling ? 
  yes , and you are hiding that fact in an unusual place instead of giving it separate line as people reading the code would expect . 
  that 's one way to look at it . 
  i have always seen for loops as a shortcut for very specific pattern - initialize a loop variable ; check a condition ; move the loop variable . 
  i think most people see it this way . 
  for other needs there is the while loop . 
  please explain why the game needs to be designed from the ground up for betting !, 
  in my opinion every game with a winner and a loser is fine for betting . 
  how is csgo pay to win, 
  i realize technically this is the case but i argue that this is cruel and unusual use of for loop . 
  i understand this even with my limited experience in python but i still think it should be avoided . 
  in general cases where you need to think about if something is value or reference should be avoided . 
  this is why immutability is valuable . 
  as long as something is immutable you do not care if it is ref or val, 
  i was under the impression that the version with the for loop was using generator syntax that produced values on demand . 
  seems like i got it wrong . 
  i understand this logic but i 'd rather not put complex flow control ( like this one ) in a single line . 
  i 'd give it more space to make it more readable . 
  according to blizzard themselves the technology is n't there yet . 
  unlike dota clones there are too many units on the screen and the additional textures would make the game unplayable for some players especially in team games . 
  yes - this one, 
   [ ( arr [ 3 * x ] , arr [ 3 * x +1 ] , arr [ 3 * x +2 ] ) for x in range ( len ( arr ) / 3 ) ], 
  now that i look at it it seems like the generation is materialized into a list . 
  zip returns an iterator i suppose ? 
  so how would one write a version of this that does not use iterators and the performant as the zip/iter version ? 
  it should be possible , right ? 
  i have been banned there and i do n't even know why . 
  i even found out like 6 month after the fact because this was the time between my second and third posts . 
  sorry , ca n't pay respect , 
  i did try to figure out why . 
  i checked my comment ( turns out i only have one not two like i thought ) . 
  it can be considered racist with enough imagination but i do n't think a perm ban makes sense . 
  this is the comment in question ( about the visual design of the reaver in the beta ) - http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/final-edits/57369-blizzard-is-listening?page=2#32, 
  also i have noticed that some comments have a red note in them saying `` user was banned for this comment '' . 
  this one has nothing . 
  at one point i did used a contact form or something to complain but it had no effect . 
  i ca n't remember anymore as it was too long ago . 
  left a bitter taste for me and i refused to register another account . 
  i killed kenny and did n't go with jane , 
  i never look like this at zombie apocalypse issues ( be it games or movies ) . 
  simple survival does n't make sense since it is temporary . 
  you either work towards rebuilding civilization or die trying . 
  that means trying to gather people and build up a community so you have to give everyone the benefit of a doubt . 
  i actually wanted to go to the place ( what was its name ? ), 
  with jane . 
  i did not expect that the only option to stay with her was to go back so i told her to fuck off . 
  now in fact if i had more time to think i would probably shoot her or go back with her but the game does not give you that much time , 
  well i personally do n't see that as racist . 
  people in somalia are skinny and it is not due to their race . 
  i actually think i may have made another comment at some point for which i was banned and the comment got deleted and i forgot because i did not log in for months . 
  i do n't know , the fact is that i could n't even understand why i was banned . 
  i was super surprised that i was when i found out since you do not expect to be banned on a site you have barely used . 
  hmmm turns out i have indeed registered a new account to make edits on liquipedia at some point . 
  i still want my original account though especially since i believe i was banned by mistake . 
  so it is a technical issue ? 
  i somehow assumed i would be unbanned if i was found innocent , 
  if you can unban it and it does n't cause you trouble i would be grateful if you do so . 
  i prefer to use the nickname stilgar if it is not registered by someone else especially for sc related stuff . 
  let alone that in this case i had it registered first , 
  also i would really like to know if this comment was considered racist even back then . 
  i do n't want to end up with a similar violation again . 
  as i said i do n't even know if this comment was the reason for the ban and i find the comment innocent . 
  i have been banned from forums before but i think this is the only time i did not understand why or expect it . 
  cs : go sells skins as far as i know . 
  i have n't played lol but i have been told that they sell characters and things that reduce the time grinding . 
  as far as i know there is a point where you do n't benefit from putting more money into the game ( like if you have all heroes ), 
  content free article , 
  thanks a lot . 
  i think i can reset the password myself once the password reset timeout expires ( since i did the reset once today , but could n't change the password since banned users ca n't even do that ), 
  i was ready to give them my cash but the kickstarter failed :(, 
  why ? 
  i mean you can just index into the array why do you need an iterator ? 
  i would pay for the ability to organize tournaments . 
  well it is not that simple either . 
  they did change a lot of things in the engine but they still had backward compatibility . 
  on the other hand the new engine is actually the current engine without the backward compatibility stuff ( which should make it faster and more stable ) .
