  it 's not that hard to store the actual number for things like regeneration and use the integers for the only meaningful condition where hit points matter - dying . 
  yes . 
  if something has less than 1 hp it dies . 
  also if something does less than 1 unit of damage it does 0 damage . 
  fractions are calculated only for regeneration . 
  it requires changing the game only because this is how the game was built . 
  if it was built the other way around it would not require changing . 
  btw i place really high value in predictability and making game easy to understand . 
  for example different air and ground damage for units annoys me a lot - especially on the tempest where the attack looks the same . 
  how is a new player supposed to know that when watching tournament games ? 
  they have different color ? 
  never noticed . 
  so you can take apart kinect and ensure that it does not do anything bad , 
  or you can just round that 50 % calculation to the nearest integer . 
  it 's not like the balance of the game depends on the 1/2 hit point damage in the second grade splash damage of the tank . 
  did i ever say rounding should be to the nearest integer ? 
  just do n't define damage and similar interactions as fractions . 
  define them as integer numbers . 
  let the muta damage have 0 increase on the bounce and the third upgrade will increase it by 1 . 
  while the technical knowledge required may be different in principle it is the same . 
  the large amount of people can not verify that their laptops do n't spy on them . 
  make it precise values and balance around the precise values . 
  also i think the upgrades for the third bounce do not make any difference for balance so yes 3x on the last upgrade . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  you only need to multiply everything if you define your damage as fractions . 
  if you define it as integer values there is no problem . 
  instead of saying that tanks do 50 % splash declare that they do 30-14-7 . 
  in theory you are correct about the muta thing . 
  in practice you are not because by the 3 attack timing the game is hardly mirror muta ball and if it was the player with the later upgrade should hide behind his spores until his 3 attack is finished just like people do when they are about to reach some critical upgrade like +1 for zealots . 
  in fact upgrades should always change the battle significantly otherwise they are meaningless . 
  i still have n't seen any explanation why it is impractical . 
  i would go for 30/14/7 because it is easier to explain and reason about it than to think of some fraction of damage that is not listed anywhere in the ui . 
  it is also easier to calculate when you want to do upgrade math like the zealot +1 vs zerglings if everything listed is the exact integer values . 
  the other option is to display the fractions and the floating point numbers in the ui but i do n't think that would be fun . 
  because everyone already has skype and even people who do n't like skype ( like me ) have huge skype contact list that they ca n't just rebuild elsewhere . 
  i was replying to the comment about skype and its alternatives . 
  there may be technical alternatives but no user base alternatives ( except maybe facebook chat ), 
  i 've been thinking about how this could work in an rts . 
  maybe there is some special unit ( think of warcraft iii heroes or the mothership ) that you can replace while all other units are the same . 
  this can be applied to skills too . 
  you choose if your have emp or nuke for your ghost for example . 
  then they can sell these skills and in each match the player chooses which one to use . 
  in addition they can sell races without adding new races periodically . 
  the races will be more expensive - like 1/3 of the retail price of the game so if you buy the full price game you get single player and 3 races but if you only want to play as terran in multiplayer you pay 1/3 . 
  obviously you ca n't take the concept and apply it to sc2 as it is . 
  you will probably need to design the game for this from the ground up and then you can actually put limits on the things you plug into the game and have actual units available to everybody to be `` imba '' and have hard counters . 
  in my opinion it is worth exploring this kind of game design in the future because obviously people are cheap and do n't want to pay directly for the game or for subscriptions even if micro transactions ultimately suck more money from them . 
  if blizzard ( because i do n't have hope for anyone else standing for the rts genre ) do not do this the rts as a genre for e-sports may be dead . 
  i ca n't justify their decision but i do n't really care . 
  dota ( and lol ) is completely incomprehensible to me because none of the art actually makes any sense to people who have n't played the game ( note that this is not the case with most games for example i can enjoy world of tanks just fine despite having played exactly 0 games ) . 
  the three wcs regional finals in the same day may be bad but i doubt i would watch the us thing anyway . 
  i 'd watch the korean finals via vods and watch eu live . 
  i guess blizzard wanted to avoid conflict schedules and give all players equal time to prepare or something . 
  what is so evil about riot ? 
  i do n't like lol but i dislike all dota clones/sequels equally . 
  it is impossible to get anyone who is n't playing dota to watch dota ( or lol ) . 
  i 've tried to watch it and i ca n't understand anything . 
  at least riot have sustainable business model . 
  there is high chance valve may end up with sc2 situation where they ca n't get income long-term . 
  i find it hard to believe sc2 is so bad . 
  first of all there are less units and skills . 
  dota/lol have like 100 units with 4 skills each right . 
  this is more than double of what sc has ( maybe triple ) . 
  second , the units in sc2 are much more readable if you 've watched a couple of sci-fi movies . 
  the tank explosion deals damage to everyone in the region , the big ships are tough , etc. 
  while there are many deviations from readability in sc2 ( that i criticize a lot ) it is an order of magnitude more readable than any dota clone or fantasy setting games in general ( i watched a couple of wow tournaments and did not understand anything despite the fact that i had max level wow character ) . 
  you either know what the different color spells do or you do n't . 
  there is not a single way to guess ... and then we add items and these additional skills that they choose in lol and it is completely impossible to get into the game . 
  i just ca n't believe sc is that bad . 
  at least i am not required to remember an absurd amount of similar looking spells . 
  see my reply to jilax here - http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/1iu031/blizzard_announces_theyll_be_holding_each_of_the/cb83slj, 
  i did try a couple of times with lol and one time with dota and i am out . 
  and i 've actually played like 10 games of dota when it first became popular . 
  still prefer to watch world of tanks . 
  the question is for how long . 
  i bet blizzard did really well financially with sc2 in the time after release . 
  this thing about the community raising the prize pool is really interesting though . 
  i wonder if the sc community can do it . 
  there are people who play dota and were not using steam before ? 
  strange ... 
  i do n't know how long you can go on cosmetics . 
  otherwise blizzard should just go into the cosmetics business for starcraft ii . 
  frankly i do n't believe this is possible . 
  sc2 was out 2 years before dota 2 so i doubt meaningful amount of people can be moved in the direction of sc2 if they were not interested before . 
  also they may try to move them over with the actual wcs finals . 
  so basically one of the original dota community pillars turns out to be a piece of shit and goes to work for riot so now everyone hates riot ? 
   also they have aggressive marketing which puts down dota . 
  btw if we follow this logic i might just as well like them because lol 's lead designer was a real sc1 legend . 
  interesting . 
  maybe blizzard can do the same with sc and there will be enough morons buying the items . 
  true . 
  that really seemed bad . 
  ok i will hate riot from now on . 
  i mean even more  btw i hated kespa for similar reasons . 
  well i guess i will have to live with hats in sc2 :(, 
  frankly the information i get about cosmetics in this thread is stunning . 
  i did not believe you can go this far on cosmetics alone . 
  i guess i will have to play sc2 with stupid hats but if this is the price ... 
  http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/zileas - this kind . 
  but only the most ancient of us remember him ,
