  but ... but ... nobody plays team games ... did n't you read what he said ? 
  also cheese is bad because artosis said so and nobody can have fun with cheese and rushes . 
  the notion that balance is required for competitive games is simply wrong . 
  street fighter is probably the most notable example . 
  i upvoted you not because what you are doing is right but because you are the first person i see to openly admit this . 
  i have been saying that the sc community is openly hostile and disrespectful to team games and people who play them ( somewhat ) seriously and this is the biggest problem for team games not any balance , rushes or whatever . 
  the real question is what 's wrong with rushes ? 
  absolute or even strong balance is not a requirement for a good competitive game . 
  example - street fighter . 
  haha you were downvoted for that . 
  i am with you brother . 
  i also enjoy cheese and rushes . 
  i do n't know where you got the idea that people do n't play team games and do n't enjoy them . 
  safe for the people that play sc2 competitively every remaining person playing sc2 i know plays team games and enjoys it . 
  they actually love rushing . 
  you are lucky this is a reply comment otherwise you get like 20 downvotes for saying that , 
  we 're in season 16 right now . 
  best way to learn what to do - do it yourself . 
  you either get number 1 spot on the ladder or you get countered and learn the counter , 
  i dispute two of your claims, 
  people do play team games and they play a lot . 
  people have fun with team games . 
  people i play with just love to rush and get rushed . 
  they do n't play 1 vs 1 probably because blizzard made it virtually impossible to rush . 
  while i agree that maps are smaller and rushes are far more common i do n't see why this is bad or prevents fun . 
  well if we are going to measure it like this i bought 5 copies of sc1 , 6 copies of warcraft iii , own two sc2 accounts one of them collectors and bought 8 copies of sc2 wol and 3 of hots which i gave as present to my friends . 
  those people love to play team games and love to rush , cheese , whatever . 
  half of their sc1 games when they used to play started with 5 pool . 
  i am begging blizzard to bring back smaller maps with no common choke point . 
  my friends and i will be quite happy about this . 
  btw everything above is not a joke and is 100 % true . 
  however i agree that there should be 2 vs 2 tournaments . 
  i pay like more than a $ 100 per year for gsl tickets and such . 
  i would gladly redirect half of this to 2 vs 2 tournaments with high production value and real games for money ( not the showmatches where they even refuse to rush each other ) . 
  yeah they explain how mmr is not to blame for the league shit but they fail to tell us what is to blame . 
  they changed the way they calculated percentages ... to what ? 
  i do n't mind if completely different pro players play 2 vs 2 tournaments . 
  in fact i expect exactly that . 
  street fighter is fine competitive game with questionable balance . 
  it is very hard to get rps with team games where there are two races involved . 
  btw i take team games exactly as seriously as 1 vs 1 games and i will continue to do so until proven that they are boring which can not currently happen since there are no 2 vs 2 matches for money . 
  i find this quite useful since i came to similar conclusions through trial and error . 
  i wish he showed full implementation of the session management to see if mine actually match his or i missed something . 
  specifically attaching sessions to httpcontext may not be entirely trivial . 
  excluding the fact that 30 % of the players are currently in bronze league or after accounting for it ? 
  i had hard time watching all the content this year . 
  gstl was the first victim . 
  interestingly that as soon as i decided to stop watching they shut it down . 
  could n't take it anymore watching the whole gsl , gstl and like half of wcs and dreamhack . 
  in addition blizzard decided to demote me so i have to play more to get back to the same league i was ( still ca n't make it back to masters ) . 
  even if blizzard wanted to have an elite league they should have introduced one above masters and not demote everyone . 
  now is the end of the season and percentages only get worse . 
  percentages should stay the same though . 
  the leagues need to look exactly as they looked when they were created . 
  if blizzard are not happy they should introduce new leagues to create the desired distribution but they should never demote people that stay on the same relative skill level . 
  we all know your assumptions are false . 
  if people really closed their eyes there would be no leagues at all . 
  the whole purpose of leagues is to create the sense that you are making some progress but blizzard made it so you can actually improve but still have the sense that you are a lot worse . 
  if they really wanted to make higher leagues mean more they should create new leagues from the top . 
  perception is the whole purpose of leagues and now they gave everyone the perception that they are worse . 
  blizzard has stated on numerous occasions that leagues and divisions are there to give players a sense of progress . 
  while you are absolutely correct that your skill must improve at the same rate as the average player to stay in the same league this not what is happening now . 
  currently if you improved at the same rate you are placed two leagues down, 
  yes they are correct because people were demoted from masters and diamond, 
  yes it did happen . 
  this season . 
  that 's why everyone is sad . 
  this is of course true if they are willing to frustrate several thousand people and probably make some of them stop playing . 
  i guess he played on the ladder and someone was not happy with his strategy or race and told him to get cancer . 
  i know i am next . 
  ok but i guess at the bottom of it they are sticking the session in the httpcontext . 
  otherwise how the hell do they hold a reference for exactly as long as the httprequest ? 
  this !, 
  the idea that all languages are equal because they are turing complete and because experts can write great code in any of them and idiots can write shitty code in any of them is just wrong . 
  if it was true it would mean that no matter what decisions the designers take it is all the same . 
  well they said they did not want that result when they did the adjustment . 
  let alone that demoting people is always wrong . 
  maybe the ladder would have been better with some percentages but if they were n't there from the start they should not change them and demotivate players . 
  so basically the subset of platforms the person who asks the question happens to choose to make his point . 
  same as microsoft 's p.r. 
  like what ? 
  i have a sneaking suspicion that the things they added are the same things that make me prefer c # over java . 
  delegates for events and windows forms - like controls if i recall correctly ? 
  . net devs love c # . 
  we do n't give a fuck about microsoft . 
  if ms abandons c # they lose the support of the dev community they built . 
  in what world are wpf and winforms part of the bcl ? 
  i wonder if these things are patented ... 
  corrected by the creator of the language himself , 
  i certainly remember that go did not work on windows from the start ... 
  so did it hurt when meijer worked there ? 
  think letters are bad ? 
  try googling their framework that happens to share a name with top level domain and contains a dot in its name ... 
  worked very well for most of us . 
  now rx ... it still hurts but i am just waiting for a suitable project to apply it and stop the pain . 
  which is incredibly sad thing . 
  i meant use case in a project i work on so i can learn it . 
  uhmm ... powershell ? 
  it 's at the end of the linked post . 
  i would really like to see numbers comparing players count 1 month into the current season with 1 month into the next season .
