  z+z , z+t , z+p , t+t , t+p , p+p ... nope could n't count 9 unless you think that z + p vs p + z needs to be balanced separately for p + z vs p + z , z + p vs z + p , p + z vs p + z, 
  do you suggest that blizzard needs to balance 81 matchups ? 
  because i think your math is wrong . 
  the actual number of matchups that need to be balanced is 15 ( assuming that mirrors are balanced ) . 
  the math is sum ( 1 to n-1 ) where n is the number of races ( or in the case of 2 vs 2 teams ) . 
  for 6 possible teams in 2 vs 2 the result is 15 . 
  while this may seem a big number keep in mind that 1 vs 1 balance changes affect 2 vs 2 balance . 
  for example if blizzard decides to increase the build time of the spawning pool to stop 6 pool rushes this will affect all 1 vs 1 matchups with zerg as well as 2 vs 2 matches with zerg . 
  if units are balanced on cost efficiency , time when they can be produced , etc. 
  chances are the imbalances in 2 vs 2 will not be that great, 
  i do n't think any tournament will bring it back either ... unless i make a million real soon and sponsor some . 
  also i thought sc was much more fun when tournaments had lost temple ( with high ground on the expansion and air expansion ) , desert oasis and steppes of war . 
  you have missed tp vs zp , tp vs tz and tz vs zp =  15, 
  see my comment on why they are still 15 , 
  so how many games have you played on air maps ? 
  in fact air maps were used for a long time ( ~ 8 years ) in bw on a competitive level . 
  air maps were in wcg and so on . 
  i wonder too . 
  i stopped following starcraft i competitive scene ( but not playing ) when they stopped using air maps . 
  not because of the air maps of course but simply because everything became much more boring and kind of the same . 
  my gf argues with me and says my builds are bad and i am a bad player when we lose :(, 
  well obviously if two players just sit at home the player who expands will win even if he expands by moving his main command center . 
  also at some point when you have enough army you can expand and the other party can not kill you ( for example with 160 against 170 limit ) . 
  i enjoy how with so little economy players make careful decisions on tech paths and engagements instead of simply building more of everything . 
  however none of these is an issue with 2 vs 2 . 
  games are usually scrappy with constant fighting even though they are 1 base games . 
  we are not sure that unit combinations will be balanced but you are right . 
  chances are that there will be no great imbalances only smaller ones based on unit combos . 
  cool !, 
  i love that . 
  down with the macro game deathballs !, 
  we usually do this by controlling the map long enough with speedlings to be able to build high tech units or put spine crawlers in place ( if one of us expands ) . 
  more often we try to either get in their bases early or baneling bust to hit them before they hit us . 
  it is possible by definition . 
  someone has to be first because otherwise there would be no second , 
  this does not make sense since leagues are procentage based . 
  if you are 2 vs 2 masters this means that your team is in the top 3-4 % of the teams . 
  of course it is easier to be in the top 3-4 % of the teams than it is in 1 vs 1 because people form many teams they abandon . 
  your argument about the gold players does not make sense . 
  certainly gold players in 1 vs 1 can be better in 2 vs 2 than 1 vs 1 masters players team if the gold players practiced 2 vs 2 exclusively and the masters players never played 2 vs 2 . 
  btw i am masters in both 1 vs 1 and 2 vs 2 arranged team ( never played random team in sc2 ), 
  i fugured it out when i saw it but i kept on playing until i did it with actual mouse clicks since it has no training value when if you hotkey each zealot . 
  this is not what you will get in real games . 
  and this is why we need real 2 vs 2 scene and it does n't matter if it is balanced , all in or whatever . 
  people need to get interested and engaged in some kind of community . 
  i have n't even heard half of these titles . 
  btw i bet warcraft iii is actually dota, 
  that 's what i thought but refused to believe my deduction, 
  i also claim that people who disagree with my facts are wrong , 
  i understand why they would rule google stole the api because google stole the api . 
  also creating a public api is pretty hard . 
  on the other hand i do n't think apis should be copyrightable ... but if they are google certainly infriged . 
  so people actually prefer warcraft iii to sc2 ? 
  strange ... 
  i keep hearnng about these protech guys . 
  i have some money i want to spend on quality 2 vs 2 tournaments with good production value ... can you provide a link ? 
  in your mobile operating system of course !, 
  funny thing , i spend a lot of money on starcraft tournament vods/streams , i sometimes read reddit ( not very often because i am usually a bit behind on gsl and i am afraid of spoilers ) , i play enough to get into masters and still i do n't know enough about the starcraft ii community in respect to 2 vs 2 . 
  something is wrong do n't you think ? 
  well i do n't know the law but i know creating a public api is hard work ... harder than implementing it . 
  i know because i have tried . 
  i am pretty sure google just took someone else 's work . 
  even james gosling said they ( sun ) were feeling robbed and he is well-known for being pro-open source , anti patents and all that . 
  it is not my problem that serious tournaments do n't want my money . 
  benjamin peirce ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benjamin_peirce ) said in a lecture after proving euler 's identity, 
   it is absolutely paradoxical ; we can not understand it , and we do n't know what it means , but we have proved it , and therefore we know it must be the truth . 
  if you allow me to turn this upside down then no one has proved it and therefore no one knows if it is the truth . 
  especially !, 
  if you add linq-style system on top , then you can even expose it as a web service api which is remarkably flexible and very hard to achieve if you are not using orm ( because you will have to write your own ), 
  you can use the orm for the large portion of getbyid and filtering/paging methods and use this control for performance critical parts of the system or cases where the orm just ca n't handle . 
  basically you take this control only when you need it . 
  yeah because we all know that `` select * '' is the only way to write bad sql . 
  and how exactly am i going to pass these tuples to my object oriented code in my object oriented language ? 
  i do n't think that sps outlive applications . 
  they may outlive the application in the sense that they are not removed but in our application ( that we are slowly migrating from hand-written sps to orm ) we have hundreds of unused sps we have trouble tracking down because the code that used them was removed or has changed . 
  what about the patents ? 
  what is more google are not in the clear regarding the apis yet . 
  the issue of api copyrightability is undecided . 
  btw i do n't see how google 's use can be fair in regard to the definition of fair use in the article . 
  i am not sure what `` the nature of the copyrighted work '' means but the other 3 bullet points are certainly in favor of oracle and the article says that the parts are taken as a whole . 
  and in oo terms what am i going to project into ? 
  i can hardly imagine this situation but if it is true you are just suggesting that they should have written the same screen specific sql in the beginning which would have taken `` years of work and tens of millions of dollars '' and reduced their time to market greatly . 
  i do n't see much difference between linq and the other style of querying except that linq is much easier to read and write . 
  you could go jpa style and build linq style queries with method calls and objects . 
  it is not more direct since it still passes through the same orm internals ( in ef and nhibernate for example ), 
  if true this will be a lesson to oracle and all other companies for paying billions for open source software company . 
  exactly . 
  interesting fact is that oracle did n't buy redhat , they just sell their product , 
  you may be right except that our team has much more problems without orm in both maintainance and performance . 
  of course it may be that we 're just incompetent and the sql we write and the architecture we choose is bad but even then it turns out that orm is an useful tool for people who write bad sql and create bad architectures to enable them to create working systems . 
  i would argue that the majority of developers fall in the above category . 
  except this database does not exist yet and even if it did it would take time until it is mature enough and is widely supported by tools , hosting providers , etc. 
  even if we did we still do n't have anyone to point out to mistakes in our sql code . 
  we tried to hire a database guy but we could n't get any in the area . 
  of course everyone on the team can write sql and write complex stored procedures on multiple screens but none of us makes much better job than an orm . 
  still needs mapping between the linq provider and the query language . 
  also i would n't say that nosql databases are mature , and finally i would n't use nosql for everything ... even half of everything . 
  i value referencial integrity greatly . 
  maybe but no one was willing to pay more for sun so it seems like nobody had a plan how to monetize them better . 
  still a company is less valueable when they open source the tech .
