  putting them in the class they belong to . 
  like if you have math constants put them in the same class with your formulas . 
  just do a logical separation . 
  rule of thumb can be to put them in the class that uses them the most . 
  at least it contains code which is better than most submissions that make it to the top, 
  the encapsulation oop principle clearly means that all code should be encapsulated in a single file . 
  oh i agree with you 100 % . 
  still i prefer these to women in technology bullshit . 
  no i am not irish . 
  i learned that word from a song of the band skyclad ( who do sing about irish things from time to time ) . 
  i found the word and the premise of the song fascinating . 
  i believe `` eire '' means `` peace '' in ancient ( maybe modern too ) greek . 
  so eirenarch is someone who has the power of peace - a peacemaker . 
  originally this was a position in the armies of ellada charged with preventing the soldiers from fighting between each other . 
  since the armies came from many different city states the eirenarch had a lot of power so he could outrank most commanders of separate armies . 
  the song itself uses the word to refer to police being used to stop civil unrest and protect the corrupt . 
  i found the notion that the someone who keeps the peace ( associated with good ) can actually be slightly evil or at the very least indifferent to good and evil . 
  also it works well as a nickname since it is not registered in most places , 
  thanks for enlightening me . 
  my relationship with cryptography is like a little child and a horror movie . 
  i am scared shitless of it and the more i watch the more scared i become . 
  it has very little value for my work ( it has value for the product but nobody expects me to know about it and nobody will hold it against me if i fail and wo n't pay me more if i know more about cryptography ) . 
  still i keep reading articles and signing up for coursera courses on cryptography . 
  i just ca n't stop :(, 
  oh boy ... at least i have not seen that one in practice except from one guy who was at the time unpaid intern working on a practice project under my supervision . 
  i have long maintained that both these patterns are part of any orm . 
  i am quite annoyed that people actually teach the use of these patterns with ef to novice programmers then i have to explain that they are wrong but you know someone who teaches courses and has the resources to record videos must be an authority ... 
  i expect that it wo n't be held against me at least as long as i mention the need for an expert ( which i will ) and they ignore me . 
  let alone that they know i am not an expert and if they give me a task to develop something with cryptography i must assume that they just want me to send/decrypt messages to some system that uses cryptography . 
  if they wanted real security they would hire an expert . 
  of course all this does n't mean that i will be happy to fail or that i wo n't do my best . 
  it simply means that i wo n't feel responsible if i fail . 
  i specifically enjoy the math part . 
  problem is i do n't get to practice it on work so while waiting for cryptography ii ( which gets pushed back all the time and never happens ) i took another cryptography course ( the one from meriland university ) just to refresh my knowledge of the concepts . 
  i hope i wo n't forget it again before cryptography 2 starts . 
  however all these contain extremely scary stuff . 
  reused the iv ? 
  sorry you are out . 
  forgot to check the mac ? 
  sorry you are out . 
  i ca n't imagine i will remember all this in practice and then there is all the other scary stuff about security like xss , request forgery and what not ... 
  to be honest i am stunned how many people who oppose government take over see net neutrality regulation as not only useful but also necessary . 
  to begin with the net neutrality problem is simply non-existent in practice except for a few giant corporations which argue who should pay the bill for streaming video over the internet . 
  there is literally no other case in practice where someone is complaining about control over the pipes . 
  is n't bernie sanders a democrat which pretty much means you can support both until they win their nominations ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  ( i am not from the usa ), 
  he would n't touch his reasons with a 10 foot pole !, 
  i am against any marriage . 
  why should pairsexuals have more rights than triple or n-tuple sexuals ? 
  we should legalize polygamy with any number of people and sexes configurations or remove the notion of marriage from law altogether . 
  probably not but it is not all about winning . 
  if he gets considerable support other candidates may adopt some of his views and proposed policies in order to win his supporters . 
  by voting you are giving information to the system even if your candidate does not get elected . 
  i would love to get paid to do security but i doubt i can get good enough even if i spend the next year just learning about security . 
  especially if i do not want to relocate ( and i do n't ) . 
  i understand that but does n't the question `` which one i prefer '' only stand once they are nominated if they are from different parties ? 
  so in any case you do n't have to choose between those two until they are nominated . 
  i do n't know what it means in practice but i assumed it meant voting in preliminary elections and/or donating to the campaign . 
  thanks . 
  i noticed the php section and the lack of other language sections . 
  is this php focused ? 
  i do n't think it is the language feature . 
  it is the total misunderstanding of why we have exceptions in the first place . 
  i was teaching a beginner 's course and i made damn sure my students knew at the very least that crashing program is the lesser evil . 
  just last week i got a project from a university student who wanted to apply for an intership . 
  the project was full of try blocks with empty catch blocks . 
  it is not like try/catch is very easy syntax and people are provoked by the language to write it . 
  they just do n't know any better . 
  the people who would misuse the ? . 
  operator would probably write ifs anyway . 
  cool !, 
  it might very well be the next horror movie i will watch after that cryptography ii course on coursera , 
  except that this has never happened and the market wo n't allow it ( as long as the state do not provide monopolies to certain providers but if the state is the problem why expect the state to solve the problem ? ), 
  the usa has a problem with the state providing monopoly to their providers by regulating who can put cables in the ground and in the air . 
  this is the only reason they have problems with monopoly providers . 
  even then i see no reason why providers should provide access to incredibly costly netflix . 
  i may not want to pay the price for netflix pipe but i have no option now since we all must split the price . 
  they are forbidden from introducing a netflix price . 
  that 's not for you to decide . 
  that 's for me as a customer to decide . 
  if i am happy with no access to netflix i will use the service otherwise i will switch to a competitor . 
  maybe not providing access to netflix will reduce the cost or improve the speed for other websites . 
  in any case i do n't want the state to regulate that i can choose myself . 
  the difference between government regulation and comcast regulation is that i ca n't avoid government regulation since they have guns . 
  i can stop being comcast customer . 
  php has strange operator precedence . 
  oh come on what kind of programmer does n't work with this operator in practice ? 
  i use it at least once a week , how can anyone who did any meaningful amount of coding not remember this operator ? 
  i believe that the market solves all serious problems ( including monopolies ) in the absence of government regulation . 
  either comcast regulation does n't matter enough for the market to react and therefore is not a problem or we can blame the government for comcast monopoly . 
  in my ( libertarian ) view there is no other option . 
  otherwise he would be redeemed . 
  well why do they javascript then ? 
  well i would n't think i know js if i was doing just that . 
  well yeah if you do n't believe in the market then it certainly makes sense to demand regulation . 
  they do list php . 
  google are simply hypocrites . 
  strongly disagree . 
  i have seen java programmers struggle with the concept of properties let alone things like linq .
