  even small websites are not easy if you want them to be non-shitty . 
  there are a whole bunch of concepts one should learn and understand like semantic html , avoiding spam , making it so if the user posts a comment and presses f5 he does n't post the comment again , storing user password with resetting e-mails , etc. 
  yes these are solved problems and not as hard as building a game or an os but still things that require learning and understanding which takes time . 
  certainly crud is one of the easiest programming tasks but it is still hard compared to the average job and even to some jobs with higher qualifications that requires learning a bunch of stuff and then following a script ( i assume working in a pharmacy or library is like this ), 
  just wait until you start winning . 
  but honestly the sc community is just fine as gaming communities go but do n't expect people to be nice when they are winning . 
  i will probably die of at least 7 kinds of cancer + ebola judging by the comments of battle.net doctors . 
  asp.net has something called web pages ( distinct from web forms and asp.net mvc ) that can do almost all of these ... 
  i think . 
  people think it 's silly and nobody uses it so i guess nobody found out . 
  well useless for unity maybe but . net core is very important for web developers . 
  yeah if ms wanted to make things better but what they really want is to make money . 
  funny thing though ... the one who wants to make money often ends up improving things more than the one who wants just to make things better . 
  and then your good ideological points are completely obscured by the morons in the linux community who would declare that games suck anyway because they are not open source and they are for kids anyway and open arena should be enough for everybody anyway . 
  do n't pretend they do n't exist !, 
  we all know they are very real and do real damage . 
  monadic null checking is way cooler name anyway . 
  that 's only true if your goal is to have the name explain what the operator does . 
  if you want the name to be cool ( in the nerdy sense ) you go for something with the word `` monad '' in it . 
  as a matter of fact c # is more free than java and ms actually care about their reputation although they do trade it for money from time to time . 
  oracle are like `` well , yes , we 're evil . 
  what are you gon na do about it ? '', 
  what part of our jobs are they threatening exactly ? 
  i never had to reimplement someone 's api . 
  do n't get too excited . 
  someone told someone something . 
  no actual decision . 
  but that only concerns big corporations it does not concern my job . 
  unless your job is windows phone or android lead tech designer how does it concern your job ? 
  that 's true but that is microsoft 's problem . 
  since i do n't take this kind of decisions for big corporations i do n't see how this affects my job . 
  what would happen then ? 
  i am pretty sure java comes with a license from oracle to use the @override annotation . 
  but that has nothing to do with my job . 
  i do n't port java to other platforms . 
  i think a very small number of devs do that, 
  that would not happen and this is not defendable in court . 
  the court decision was specifically in the api in its entirety and at the very least i would need to copy the entire class api . 
  posix is an open spec with license to use , no ? 
  well if oracle were ms larry ellison would go on stage and wipe his ass with a page from a hard copy of the opengl specification . 
  well this is not very convincing . 
  you would certainly be able to change the method names if you had to conform to this restriction . 
  what is more i believe oracle are giving you a license to implement their apis if you use their jvm . 
  the title is misleading . 
  these are definitely not all new features . 
  after all the article itself ends with a link to article about other features . 
  yes but i am pretty sure the original comment suggested that we all design and use at least some apis so it affects us all while in reality it affects a couple of big companies who want to implement each others apis, 
  an obfuscator that breaks this operator would break inotifypropertychanged as well so i guess this would be a bad obfuscator . 
  i fully do . 
  my claim is that developers in general are unaffected by the ability to implement apis that they did not invent . 
  to be honest the us has quite bad internet speeds for a developed country so this is not that surprising, 
  i ca n't imagine your motivation to reveal to the world that you do not in fact own four guns per person . 
  seems like it would be beneficial to you if people thought that was true . 
  when i watch these movies i always think that students in american schools can not possibly be that stupid or have this type of feudal social order that is based on some strange non-values like being a cheerleader or playing football . 
  so who gets more girls people in a bands or handegg players ? 
  i have never heard anyone assume that iran is full of terrorists . 
  in fact i have trouble recalling any terrorist that turned out to be iranian . 
  on the other hand i am fast to assume you hate the west and hang atheists on the square and so on . 
  yeah , we know some people living in russia are not russians . 
  so how come you do n't know anyone working for the state administration if the reports about state jobs are true ? 
  when i visited the us ( cleveland in particular ) i observed something very strange . 
  fit men going around with outright fat girlfriends . 
  is n't it illegal to be openly atheist ? 
  as far as i know iran is not an arabic country . 
  they are of persian descent ( or outright persian people i am not sure ) . 
  as someone who visited the us and worked there for a couple of months as a student i can confirm . 
  americans are super friendly to foreigners . 
  now i do n't know what happens if i were from some arab country but as someone from eastern europe everyone was super friendly . 
  so do you need to hide it if you were an atheist ? 
  i mean are there any consequences ? 
  i see . 
  well yeah . 
  i think when people say the greek are lazy what they mean is that they are not effective . 
  on the other hand the amount of social benefits ( i 've heard about 14th monthly payment and easter bonuses to state payments ) is stunning . 
  most probably when people say `` lazy '' they mean the difference between what the greeks produce and what they spend . 
  what is the drama group ? 
  i mean is it literal acting stuff or it means something else ? 
  so you actually had a group of people that were consistently in theater ? 
  that 's ... strange . 
  yeah but music is something a lot more people care about . 
  oh that makes a little bit more sense . 
  i forgot you have hollywood in the usa to inspire people to become actors . 
  yeah that 's true but if you are not in the us it is quite far fetched to dream to make it to hollywood . 
  not that it does n't happen sometimes but if you ca n't even get a visa ... 
  what i do is that in every project i make decisions about ( be it personal or as a team lead at work ) i introduce 1 new concept . 
  just one !, 
  you may also apply changes to previously used concepts and practices . 
  of course new practices and processes get invented all the time but then you have experience and do not feel that overwhelmed . 
  then you may start adding two that are not connected . 
  for example you may start doing scrum and adopt typescript . 
  it is highly unlikely that typescript and scrum turn out to be incompatible . 
  to be honest if the game is fast enough ( i.e. 
  quake ) i do n't see how anyone can actually aim for the head so it becomes just luck . 
  i really doubt people are good enough to do that in quake . 
  i vaguely remember that they dropped the idea in early stages in q3 development because of that . 
  just because people do it in counter-strike does n't mean they can do it in quake . 
  watched like half the video . 
  the non-sniper shots do feel like luck and definitely inconsistent . 
  the sniper ones do seem consistent and skill-based . 
  there does seem to be some technique with non-sniper based weapons though .
