  i have heard about day9 of course but this is anecdotal . 
  huk switched to overwatch not dota does that mean that sc2 players are switching to overwatch ? 
  ( hell , even i have more hours on overwatch than on sc2 in the last 6 months ), 
  while i disagree with you on almost everything else i do agree that sc 's community fixation on mechanics and `` skill cap '' is absurd and harms the game . 
  when the game was announced the community hotly debated multibuilding selection and how its presence would and i quote `` noobify the game '' . 
  never heard anything so absurd . 
  sent them all to play dune 2 where you can only select 1 unit at a time . 
  higher skill cap than sc for sure . 
  sc2 wo n't be in a place where you need to wait 2 hours for a match in the next 10 years . 
  the game has cult following that will keep a small competitive community playing for a very long time . 
  if you care about offline tournaments near you or about discussing with coworkers your new strategy you are better off choosing another game, 
  turtling was fine since the goal was not to destroy the opponent 's base but to capture the points on the map . 
  so anecdotal evidence against switching to dota2 , 
  since balance is not that important at the lower levels you would be able to queue solo for quite some time before you reach the top and by that time you will have a couple of partners to play arranged . 
  also i believe the small team niche in competitive games is underserved . 
  maybe this niche is smaller than the 5vs5 one but it makes sense for rts games to try to take it . 
  for example i simply get mad by playing with random people and playing with the same 6 people in overwatch is logistically impossible at least for people with jobs like me . 
  however 3 vs 3 is very doable . 
  i might be willing to play inferior game if it is a small teams game . 
  heroes of the storm is 5 vs 5, 
  what is your rts experience ? 
  yeah but how much time did you spend in competitive play on these ? 
  40 games is not too few if you played sc1 competitively on a similar level but is very impressive if you only played the campaign in these games . 
  not fair a-move . 
  you also used blinding cloud, 
  well this is impressive then . 
  keep it up !, 
  yeah , it will be fixed in a year , 
  well ... no . 
  i also want soo to win another second place . 
  it gets better every time, 
  i know ms allows people to use whatever tech they want but i believe this one is a marketing thing and they do it on purpose . 
  the web is such a great platform some labels on this page are not even visible on edge . 
  where do i download a pdf ? 
  yes . 
  yeah . 
  i refuse to install google software and from all other browsers edge is far superior with touch which i use extensively in the evening when i browse on the couch on my laptop . 
  in fact it was superior to chrome with touch last time i checked . 
  yeah but unlike different browsers different pdf viewers mostly work , 
  honestly this thing with chrome is becoming worse than the ie thing in the late nineties . 
  the other day coinbase outright told me to use chrome . 
  not even that edge is not supported their help page states that you should use chrome and nothing else . 
  or the dev just works in chrome and never even bothered to check how the website looks on edge . 
  maybe even coded to a chrome bug or to some experimental feature . 
  standard procedure for go blogposts, 
  ctrl + f, 
  type `` generics '', 
  0 results, 
  close tab ... 
  wait !, 
  what ? 
  3 results . 
  better read it . 
  still end up disappointed . 
  yeah and it looks like he did apologize on his own ones he calmed down rather than naniwa 's manager forced apologies that came days later . 
  do you suggest that it is harder to be well-mannered if you play on stage ? 
  i mean i can get very angry from losing on the ladder and in the non-stage stages of the tournament but i still try to keep the sportsmanship . 
  it is interesting that in sc the custom is that the winner goes to the loser to shake hands . 
  in general in other sports the loser is supposed to congratulate the winner ( this is why the loser says gg first and the opposite is considered bm ) . 
  no but i do think we should discourage this behavior . 
  i mean sports are more than just competition . 
  they are supposed to teach us how to behave, 
  we may agree to disagree but if you accept that sports teach things like discipline , sportsmanship , team spirit and so on this is by far the best argument for esports if you argue with someone who claims they are not a sport, 
  first of all sc2 has a team mode . 
  in addition teams exist in single competitor games including sc2 . 
  people train together and prepare for opponents . 
  they do that in chess and boxing too . 
  it does build team spirit . 
  also sc2 ladder is relatively well mannered . 
  even when you hit bm people this is kind of a test . 
  and yes if you think sports are not supposed to teach manners then i would be the first to agree that esports ( and chess for that matter ) are not sports, 
  have you played competitive 1vs1 quake ? 
  there you will see what `` punishing '' means . 
  it is possible to be slightly worse and end up with negative score and the game says things like `` humiliation '', 
  your observation is true but i think you will find it very rewarding if you tried to improve in the multiplayer ways . 
  i am currently running a bu full node/wallet . 
  what should i run for segwit2x ideally without downloading the blockchain again . 
  the first day was kind of dismal with very few people showing up and smite and paladins stages being full . 
  the second was ok and the third was full . 
  probably sc fans have jobs and only come on saturday . 
  the sc scene was in the corner in the most unfavorable position . 
  the star of the show was the cs scene which was crowded all the time and people reacted loudly . 
  i think there was one spanish team playing so maybe that matters . 
  do n't forget theft ... 
  i mean taxes . 
  there is no 75 % profit for sure . 
  agreed . 
  i mean adding spikes to everything does not make it better . 
  if it was they would make the original skins like this . 
  is n't it enough that skins are only usable in ladder ? 
  i mean you can unlock them in coop but only use them in ladder , 
  they could do a couple . 
  for example there could be a kerrigan skin . 
  nothing that requires programming is easy, 
  yeah the community asked blizzard to implement microtransactions some can complain about microtransactions just like other communities !, 
  you know what i would spend money on and consider it worth it ? 
  anti-skins . 
  the ability to not see a skin . 
  i 'd buy every anti-skin out there, 
  the fact that we want to support wcs does not mean emotes as an item are not worthless,
