  so the noobs just went to play the imbalanced ( lol champs are not balanced are they ? ), 
  game with team matches . 
  coolest thing about team matches in starcraft is that they introduce the player to 1 vs 1 . 
  i have never in my life seen a dota player watch normal warcraft iii . 
  i do n't know where people get the idea that creating custom games will attract people to the esports scene . 
  team games reduce the pressure on players because they do n't have to face how bad they are . 
  i 've witnessed this first hand . 
  my girlfriend plays 2 vs 2 with me but she is terrified by 1 vs 1 . 
  a lot of my friends wanted to play team matches with me but did n't play 1 vs 1 . 
  ** the game does not need to be ( mechanically ) hard ** . 
  it is often repeated that the game needs to be hard otherwise people will not watch it . 
  remember pre-beta when people were complaining how multi building selection would `` noobify the game '' and demanded more gameplay elements that require speed ? 
  turns out the general public is not impressed and is perfectly happy watching a `` noobified game '' instead of starcraft `` skill '' . 
  maybe three years ago it was plausible to believe that people watch e-sports for mechanical `` skill '' but today the reality proves this wrong . 
  even ten years ago cs crashed quake despite quake requiring much more `` skill '' . 
  btw being a dead game is not as bad as people make it sound . 
  these days there is a good enough internet so the few fans can communicate and play online . 
  you can play the `` dead '' quake and watch some tournaments just fine . 
  i love sc so much that even if it dies i will still watch it and play it . 
  i 've been told that the post wo n't get enough attention unless it has tits and kittens so i am adding tits and kittens :, 
  [ tits ] ( https://fbcdn-sphotos-h-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-snc7/297169_286114474832668_2147273015_n.jpg ), 
  [ kittens ] ( http://static.tumblr.com/lsuaio0/0pjm520gr/happy-kitten-kittens-5890512-1600-1200.jpg ), 
  since [ the thread about breeze 's lost temple 3d model ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/26tv0i/over_a_decade_ago_a_bulgarian_fan_made_a_3d_model/ ) generated a lot of positive attention i give you the actual material where it came from . 
  breeze 's amazing battle reports, 
  and the whole collection, 
  for those who do n't know battle reports are a form of casting a game where you describe the game in writing and add a few screenshots . 
  this was done because believe it or not there was a time when starcraft did not feature replays and the internet could n't be used for video . 
  not only streaming video , any video required days of downloading . 
  i do n't think that anyone disputes breeze was the best creator of this kind of content . 
  update :, 
  breeze just uploaded more art from that time not included in the original thread gallery - http://imgur.com/a/fgwjw#0, 
  / u/nastybuck had a great idea for the classic maps debate . 
  he suggested that steppes of war be included as a free veto . 
  expanding on that idea blizzard can double the number of maps in the map pool and leave the classic ( imbalanced , bad or whatever you want to call them ) maps in as a free veto . 
  this way people who want to practice for tournaments can just veto all the classic maps while people who want to play more diverse games can access the additional maps and still benefit from the automatic matchmaking . 
  the maps can even be vetoed by default so that only people who explicitly request them get to play on them . 
  if that still seems too extreme maybe it can be implemented just in unranked . 
  from the discussions related to the map pool poll it seems that there are other people who would like to play more diverse map pool . 
  sure we could play custom games but i personally am not willing to give up the convenience of the `` find match '' button . 
  this seems like a simple way to make us all happy . 
  it can be a test ground for braver map ideas ( air maps please ), 
  i need to confess . 
  i do not like the expression-bodied methods feature of c # 6.0 . 
  this is the first time i do not like new c # feature . 
  i do not like some 1.0 stuff and there are some redundancies replaces by better constructs ( anonymous methods for example ) but i have never before been annoyed by a new feature . 
  expression-bodied methods do not provide enough convenience . 
  they remove a couple of braces and a return but add an arrow . 
  on the other side they introduce an alternative syntax that people should get used to and additional thing to agree on when setting up conventions for a project . 
  i really feel like they do more harm than good mainly because they do very little good ( admittedly the harm is very small too ) . 
  i hope anders forgives me . 
  hallowed be his name, 
  can someone convince me i am wrong and expression-bodied methods are actually useful ? 
  i do n't want to be a sinner :(, 
  so in lotv players are gon na start with 12 workers . 
  what is / r/starcraft 's opinion on this ? 
  i personally think it is bad as it removes a whole class of strategy some of which ( early pool zerg rush ) are trademark starcraft that are now part of popular culture . 
  it will make the game less diverse and exciting . 
  blizzard even suggested that we may start with more workers but where does it end ? 
  if we follow this train of thought why not start with 3 bases and 60 workers ? 
  it is obvious that ms has no intention on investing in silverlight and it probably makes sense from business perspective but how about open sourcing it and letting interested parties move it forward ? 
  like unlocking items or skills or making the hero more powerful . 
  because i would hate that . 
  i was wondering if one can prevent a lurker from attacking in sc2, 
  hello ,, 
  i just hit the achievement for 1000 wins as zerg while playing random . 
  i wanted to share statistics on the relative difficulty of the races based on my experience . 
  i realize that it may be different for other players but i do n't think there are many people that played the same amount of games with all races . 
  all games are played on masters ( the first 15 seasons ) and diamond ( after that ) level except for probably 50 unranked games and the matches that got me to diamond . 
  here are the stats :, 
  zerg : 1000 wins, 
  protoss : 852 wins, 
  terran : 715 wins, 
  the interesting thing about these stats is that they stayed the same pretty much since wol beta . 
  the only exception is that my p and z stats were pretty much the same at the start of wol and zerg pulled ahead after the first year when the maps started getting bigger . 
  my terran was always significantly behind . 
  here are the stats for matchups for my current season, 
  pvp : 19/19 - 50 %, 
  pvt : 30/13 - 70 %, 
  tvp : 8/25 - 24 %, 
  tvt : 27/30 - 47 %, 
  zvp : 20/17 - 53 %, 
  zvz : 40/17 - 70 %, 
  interestingly these stats were pretty similar throught the history of the game . 
  usually my zvp is better ( at one point in hots i had like 75 % ) , my tvt is better and my tvz is worse . 
  interestingly i do win the matchups i lose when i switch sides . 
  in addition the stats were pretty much the same when i cheese ( this season is mainly cheese ) , when i mix cheese and macro ( depending on the map ) and when i play pure macro ( i did this just 1 season ), 
  based on this i can say that on this level terran is by far the hardest race mechanically . 
  even if i get huge advantage through cheesing i often lose the matchup at the end due to a single missclick on the terran army , a missed scout or a failed split against splash . 
  note that my tvt mirror is pretty much ok ( throughout hots i have 56 % win ratio ) so i can play terran it is just that i ca n't beat other races . 
  so do you agree that terran is the hardest race on diamond/masters level ? 
  in a discussion about the fate of the sc players who dropped from the gsl people are telling me that koreans can not participate in say dreamhack . 
  until now i was under the impression that they could participate and win the money if they wanted to but they could not get wcs points . 
  can anyone clarify this ? 
  hello , i live in bulgaria and as most of the world we are interested in us politics as it affects everyone on the planet ( let alone that / r/libertarian is so us focused ) . 
  i have some friends who are in general libertarian but kind of support hillary in this election . 
  of course our support does not matter as we do n't get to vote but it raises interesting questions . 
  the reason they root for hillary is because we want the us to defend us from russia . 
  i have a couple of friends from estonia and they also tend to support hillary for this reason . 
  we want us military on our territory and we want the us to `` invest '' in us . 
  now i understand that this costs money to the us taxpayer but the other side ( russia ) does pour money for propaganda and in cases like ukraine open military action .
