  and i am the kind of person who sees the programming language as the most important thing in the toolchain . 
  i do n't care if the os is inferior , i do n't care if the ide is inferior , i do n't care if the web server is inferior . 
  i take pleasure in writing code and i enjoy how well designed the language is ( i do read on programming language design in my free time ) . 
  i treat the other parts of the toolchain as just tools . 
  i do n't care much about them . 
  maybe someone finds pleasure when he looks at the power of git or feels moral satisfaction from working with foss technologies . 
  not me . 
  they will release version 1 for sure . 
  it will probably be very fast but very barebones . 
  for example no way to manipulate images for you . 
  yeah . 
  i do write javascript ( lately typescript ) because i must do it for a web project and i do want to create actual products but i will go for xamarin if i want an android or ios app . 
  however swift looks good ( and quite similar to c # ) so i might choose it for an ios only project . 
  it is true , there is room for all of us and this is why i understand the guy who may not want to use windows the same way i do n't want to use other languages . 
  if you are asking about samples ( including layout and control ones ) they are on github - https://github.com/microsoft/windows-universal-samples, 
  there is a package to install layouts as vs templates but i can not remember where . 
  now this would not make your app unique but will help with layout issues . 
  the old metro had the nice feature that as long as your app had images it became pretty but this trick does not work so well with the new hamburger bullshit . 
  still depending on your app it is worth a try . 
  also extremely successful . 
  as far as i know the original satoshi vision did not include block size limit, 
  to avoid that you may try teaching . 
  i taught a couple of beginner courses ( ~ 100 hours in class including exercises ) and you get used to easy tasks ( because you give them as part of the course ) , strange solutions ( people with no experience come up with quite interesting solutions that somehow work even if they are not as good as the regular ones ) and strange problems like syntactically incorrect programs like missing a brace but manually formatted in a way that make them look correct and you do not expect it because the ide would normally format this type of wrong code in a different way . 
  i have n't been asked fizzbuzz style questions since i taught this course but i have a feeling that it would be hard to catch me off-guard with something like this . 
  sure i will probably mess up in place merge sort if i had to write it in an interview but not fizzbuzz, 
   who fucking cares ?? 
  oracle shareholders and oracle executives . 
  comparing with genocide does not make sense since every for-profit company has only one goal both according to law and morally - to maximize shareholder profit . 
  sure but do i care if oracle plays good with community and free software ? 
  do i care if oracle sues google ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  at least not more than i care about shareholders . 
  true but the article does not tell us this thing happens at oracle at all . 
  neither do people i know who have worked for oracle . 
  yeah , they want to lock people in with their tutorial , software 3d engine . 
  so cunning !, 
  microsoft stole your candy when you were a kid did n't they ? 
  still mad ? 
  solid arguments about what ? 
  tutorial about 3d engine ? 
  i do n't know why but it is certainly not a vendor lock in . 
  maybe they did it due to some relation with babylon but you ca n't lock people into a tutorial . 
  who knows maybe the person who wrote the tutorial works on babylon ... 
  i am not trying to defend ms for using vendor lock-in . 
  i think vendor lock-in is a great strategy and in fact i call microsoft of today pussies for refusing to use it . 
  if i ever have a company i 'd be much more evil . 
  i 'd be oracle . 
  edit : turns out i guessed correctly - https://github.com/davrous, 
  the person who wrote the tutorial is a babylon contributor - https://github.com/davrous, 
  i have heard that the current implementation is not 100 % compatible with the specification . 
  honestly i do not care . 
  ooxml has made my life a lot better . 
  in my projects i now use the ooxml sdk to generate office documents and before i was generating doc files with com automation api talking to a word instance installed on the server . 
  so which method do you think is stronger vendor lock-in ? 
  php and javascript - where '' = = = '' is the short version of '' = = '', 
  he probably does n't want to post screenshot from the browser he actually uses ( bars , open tabs , etc. ), 
  and used the `` clean '' one . 
  so who are the legitimated steam key reseller sites and who are not and how do we know which are which ? 
  to be honest i still ca n't figure out why a retail copy is cheaper than steam copy . 
  is it cheaper to produce a disk , ship it to another country and pay someone to sell it in the store than ... well not do these things ? 
  yeah but it seems to be true on the first day of release . 
  that 's weird ... maybe even perverse . 
  come on man !, 
  if you are running linux you do n't need stupid windows gui tools . 
  use the console !, 
  sorry but i do n't think this is how it works . 
  the question about making money is very real . 
  while share price goes up profits fall under nadella compared to ballmer . 
  there is definitely a limit on how far they can move in this direction . 
  where do you get these numbers ? 
  i am looking here - http://arstechnica.com/business/2016/01/cloud-surface-are-the-highlights-of-microsofts-23-8-billion-quarter/, 
  from ~ 24billion about half are from the `` more personal computing '' where 1.3 billion is surface and most of the rest should be in windows . 
  probably like 10 billion . 
  10 billion out of 24 billion is more than 10 %, 
  oh interesting . 
  so it seems like xbox is in my number too . 
  however your number is also off since it only includes oem licensing and there is also volume licensing . 
  probably total windows licensing is like 16-17 %, 
  azure is ballmer 's brainchild . 
  he even fired bob muglia over disagreements about the amount of investment in azure ( muglia then in charge for azure wanted to grow it slowly and ballmer wanted faster growth ), 
  i agree about the general direction things are going but i disagree that the desktop will not be relevant . 
  it will always be because people who produce information will need it . 
  consumers of information will move to tablets and phones but the producers will always be the influencers . 
  can you give details on mysql/mariadb vs postgresql . 
  i was more surprised that someone put these in the same category rather than they were compared to sql server . 
  i work on small databases but i find the tools like foreign keys , acid transactions , etc. 
  extremely important . 
  i know that mysql has improved a lot over the past decades but i would never trust a database where at one point in time the team claimed that foreign keys were not needed . 
  i do n't care how much they have improved in the meantime . 
  plus i have heard and read more recent horror stories, 
  that is assuming one can destroy competition without taking a chunk of the market first , 
  well that seems even worse than not accepting it . 
  mysql seems to be a query language over a text file rather than a proper database . 
  we 've yet to see them get 1st place . 
  i hope you are right but somehow i doubt it . 
  on the other hand number 2 in the extremely competitive cloud business is not a bad achievement either . 
  http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/microsoft_ ( msft ) / data/net _ income, 
  q1 14 is when nadella took the reigns, 
  who the hell came up with the idea that if you do not support something you should simply ignore the request ? 
  still invalidates linus ' claims .
