  oracle are doing pretty well in the last 4 decades so i would n't bet against them so readily . 
  that is only true if everyone is hiding his changes ( which is totally different from `` wall garden '' a term referring to platforms maintained by companies ) . 
  if everyone but 1 company contributes their changes and the company in question hides theirs then they can take what everyone else did for free and have that small thing on top that nobody else has . 
  i am not sure the fact that big players do it is an evidence of the mutual benefits hypothesis that is proposed here . 
  it can be an evidence of several other things :, 
  - lack of trust between the provider of a platform/library and the users of the library, 
  - impossibility to compete with the established proprietary player unless the provider gives the thing for free, 
  - due to the mindset of the people in the industry open source has become very powerful marketing tool that companies want to use when pushing their product regardless of weather it makes sense for the specific product . 
  i am sure the mutual benefits case is also true in a lot of cases if not the majority of cases but i do believe other motivations do exist . 
  i am not familiar with clang and bond and the corresponding competition and ecosystem but i can certainly see react as something competing for the influence that comes with being highly used js library . 
  gives you power to affect future web standards . 
  based on my experience with sc1 the reason p or t would expand is because in the diminishing return economy it is very beneficial for the opponent ( especially zerg opponent ) to expand wildly . 
  this is not seen in sc2 because if you expand a lot you need a lot of workers , hit the supply limit and have inferior army . 
  with the sc1 economy the zerg will have much more money with far less than a hundred workers . 
  protoss or terran must find a way to stop that or else they will die to a far superior economy . 
  by far superior i mean difference not seen in sc2 . 
  i 'd like to point out that this thread title is what sums up the article best . 
  blizzard 's change is directed against not expanding and promoting worker harass and spreading . 
  however it would be much better if players can build up different styles . 
  let there be 1 base styles , 2 base styles , 3 base styles , 4-5 base styles !, 
  let them all be viable !, 
  let some of them work better on certain maps than others !, 
  let players make strategic choices instead of pushing us in the model the devs imagined for the game !, 
  you and the 475 others who upvoted the question , 
  stream us a game you 're the macro man, 
  i still do n't see why people suddenly got excited about something that nobody cared for for a decade . 
  it was in brood war and everyone agreed 2 vs 2 was better . 
  brood war did n't have a playable ladder ( the ladder was at fast speed and everyone played custom ) . 
  1 vs 1 and 2 vs 2 did not have any advantage over team melee and still people played these . 
  i agree that the fact that sc2 is not a team game is the biggest reason for it being not very popular in this day and age . 
  but sc2 does have a team mode , 
  in sc1 2 vs 2 did not have a ladder still people preferred it to team melee . 
   was n't in bw like this , for those of us around to remember know that it did n't have a ladder and was n't very, 
  you are conveniently missing the fact that 2 vs 2 did not have a ladder either or that 1 vs 1 ladder was unplayable for many years due to fast speed . 
   the fact that 2v2 etc is really gimmicky/silly, 
  which is bullshit statement . 
  according to popular opinion the game would be more balanced because again according to popular opinion you can not balance the game for both 1 vs 1 and 2 vs 2 . 
  both of these are of course pure bullshit but even more interesting is the fact that popular opinion in the brood war days declared that team melee sucked , 
  one thing i really fail to understand is why do you need to make people play 1 vs 1 . 
  they already play 2 vs 2 . 
  this is not that simple . 
  in bulgaria where i grew up for like 3 years ( 98-2001 ) 2 vs 2 was seen as the default game mode . 
  we had totally insane number of internet cafes and people played there and they organized tournaments all the time . 
  we got really good at 2 vs 2 and i honestly believe we were the best 2 vs 2 players in the world at the time because we had incentive ( including financial ) to develop the beta . 
  it was n't until wcg became a big thing that good players switched to 1 vs 1 . 
  i agree that the chat clients do not matter that much but being a team game matters . 
  however if the community constantly shows disrespect for team games you ca n't have serious theme scene and this has nothing to do with 2 vs 2 balance , maps or anything like that . 
  hmm and i thought i was the only one ... 
  first of all i do n't think balance matters that much . 
  i mean teams can just choose the strongest combo . 
  second the two recent 2 vs 2 tournaments i watched looked pretty much balanced . 
  of course not all race combinations were balanced but tp and tz seemed balanced enough to be played on the highest level with different strategies . 
  there was also double zerg team that held their ground pretty well . 
  and finally i enjoy 2 vs 2 as much as 1 vs 1 and i know more people in rl who enjoy team sc2 more than 1 vs 1 than the opposite . 
  of course they are out of the scene , out of reddit , out of tl . 
  why ? 
  because if they come here people tell them what they like is silly . 
  true for the race combinations not a problem in general . 
  just do n't play the weak combinations . 
  i do n't see how this is different from archon mode . 
  i do play with my girlfriend and we are literally diamond + silver . 
  i do n't see how archon mode will change anything ( not that we intend to play it ), 
  iccup is a new thing . 
  sc was played for quite a while before iccup existed or even before its predecessors like bwl . 
  btw i do not claim that things like ladder are not advantages . 
  they are big advantages however they already exist for a team game mode and nobody seems to care . 
  i play 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 with my girlfriend as a teammate . 
  i will be so scared to play archon mode with her . 
  i may have to sleep on the street or something . 
  i do see a lot of value in this tools but i also see value in explicitly annotating the code . 
  i mean the type inference algorithm i can run in my head is quite bad for large input . 
  true but then again 2 vs 2 is not that imbalanced . 
  you need to be at least plat level to feel any imbalance and probably masters to feel capped by an imbalance . 
  in fact i think balance is overrated in this community . 
  what matters to flash does not matter to most of us and it is arrogance to think it does . 
  in my experience when playing team games people do not want to do small things . 
  my gf once made a scandal that i did not let her do enough things ( because i was controlling the harassing mutas ) . 
  what happens is that she does as much as she can and i take what is left . 
  usually that means she does her own macro ( impossible to share control over that anyway ) and harass , while i control the main combined army . 
  honestly even in archon mode i do n't see the macro/micro split working very well . 
  it should be the army controlling player deciding what units to use to rebuild depending on the losses in the battle . 
  let alone that some units like banelings are morphed from army often directly on the battlefield . 
  did you see the $ 5k 2 vs 2 tournament . 
  it was amazing and the most interesting thing i have seen in an year as a viewer despite a production that sucked ( or more precisely did n't exist ) . 
  i pay for each season of gsl and i would gladly redirect my money to this type of event just to have some production . 
  in my opinion the state of 2 vs 2 in sc2 is nothing but a self-fulfilling prophecy started by the elitist crowd . 
  agreed . 
  i am just annoyed the inferior gametype is overhyped with the false balance argument for 2 vs 2 . 
  yes sharing unit control is practically mandatory in 2 vs 2 ( otherwise it is as if you choose to handicap your team ) . 
  of course it is debatable if you share control in random teams but for arranged team there is no reason not to . 
  i remember in warcraft 3 it was even worse if you did n't share because a single teammate unit may block your hero and you may lose it . 
  sc2 is not that extreme and in general everyone will control his army but there are situations where even top players who have the apm would benefit from sharing especially in early game when players are microing a small amount of units and split-second decisions about attack or retreat should be made . 
  when we have end game where there are multiple types of units and several kinds of spellcasters for both players normally everyone controls his units . 
  ok tell me how archon mode is different from team melee in sc1 ? 
  my point is that people are hyped ... 
  i do n't know why ... because blizzard told them to ? 
  i was writing a long response about the lack of fundamental difference between 2 vs 2 in sc1 and 2 vs 2 in sc2 but then i thought ... 
  there was not a single 2 vs 2 lan event for sc2 . 
  not even as a part of a team league . 
  how do we know that there is something causing the problem ?
