  i agree . 
  for me dota ( which i never liked despite the fact that i tried to ) killed warcraft iii . 
  all of my warcraft playing friends started playing dota . 
  i believe the reasons are that it is a bit simpler and that you play with a team of friends . 
  if i am correct about the reasons my proposals are, 
  give more visibility to sc2 team games including tournaments with big prize money and quality production . 
  make the game more casual . 
  the community was raging early on in sc development about multi building selection being too casual ( `` noobify the game '' they said ) and is continiously claiming that the game should be hard ( even grubby says this ) yet the most popular e-sport is the totally casual lol . 
  i never in my life admired how someone hits all the larva injects or makes ridiculous amount of clicks to make his marines move and shoot at the same time . 
  i want these elements removed from the game and i am more than happy to see the game become more casual . 
  and btw i agree that fun is more important than balance . 
  the game does not even need to change much in that regard , we just need more diverse maps like we had in the beta . 
  hell , they should even add air maps . 
  so the solution for sc2 is simple . 
  blizzard should pay the oddone to stream sc2 . 
  lol is really hard to follow if you 've never played it . 
  i 've tried and failed . 
  i would expect that but still it seems easier to understand a game with ~ 30 units and 1 skill per unit average instead of how many heroes with how many skills average ? 
  we do n't just need events . 
  we need events with high production quality and enough prize money to make the pros evolve the metagame . 
  i almost installed lol and started watching lol streams just to see what all this drama is about , 
  well everyone 's been saying sc2 is dying because of lol so i wanted to check it out . 
  then someone told me that i need to level up before i get all the perks even if i am willing to pay . 
  antiga ? 
  all they do with the maps is change the name . 
  the beta maps were so much more diverse and interesting and i could n't care less if they were balanced . 
  hell , it turns me off and i 've been playing * craft competitively since ... warcraft ii . 
  i 'd rather see this done via custom games . 
  3 vs 3 and 4 vs 4 are not incredibly balanced but no need to break it on purpose , 
  frankly i do n't mind rush games that much . 
  correct me if i am wrong but it is rare in moba games to see all heroes developed equally . 
  usually a few players level up and own more powerful items . 
  in sc2 the player with the expand is the powerful hero . 
  this begs the question - if you think 2 vs 2 is worse than 1 vs 1 why do you only play 2 vs 2 ? 
  btw i know the situation in 2 vs 2 . 
  we 're in masters on 2 vs 2 as well . 
  on `` third '' - it may be nerdy but remember i said `` the most important '' , not `` the only '' , 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  my second point is about removing mechanical skill to attract more casual players . 
  from my point of view this removal of mechanics skill is a good thing . 
  the point of the post is a suggestion how to get more ( casual ) players involved with sc , not how to create the ultimate competitive game . 
  this is what we 've got 1 vs 1 for and in practice we see that the most popular competitive game is not the ultimate competitive game . 
  it is one of the more casual competitive games . 
  btw do you think that lol is `` harder '' than 3 vs 3 starcraft ii ? 
  in my opinion separate balance design can be achieved through maps and race interactions . 
  for example in brood war beta medics could heal zerg buildings but they removed this option . 
  in starcraft ii beta protoss could chrono boost other races buildings and they removed that . 
  they can also tweak other thinks like friendly splash damage and sending resources to achieve balance . 
  no , i 'm in masters with my girlfriend as teammate . 
  when we started playing she was gold in 1 vs 1 but decided 1 vs 1 is too much stress after about 15 games . 
  i often control her units when we play  i realize it is much easier to get there with arranged team but after all the metagame is not that different . 
  agan are lol champions balanced ? 
  also can we achieve some balance at least for some race combinations by tweaking maps and race interactions ? 
  i remember this post . 
  i think i upvoted it because it talked about team games even though i do n't agree maps are the biggest issue . 
  in my opinion the elitist attitude and the lack of respect for team games in the community is what is holding it back . 
  no respect  no tournaments/streams . 
  of course i would not mind at all if they change the map in a way that gets more people interested . 
  in my experience this is not how custom games work . 
  i have a friend who qualified for the tsl finals ( in fact the same guy who was a pro wc3 player and started playing dota ) and he always goes the other way normal games  custom games  another game . 
  of course i do n't blame custom games ( free market as you said ) but this is not how esports gets promoted . 
  these were so bad . 
  they not only had n't practiced 2 vs 2 but also played joke builds on purpose . 
  still it was fun . 
  oh i do n't propose 5 vs 5 . 
  3 vs 3 and 2 vs 2 is enough to keep casual players interested . 
  but then again ... who knows maybe this 5 vs 5 turns out to make some sense . 
  this is a good idea . 
  i think anything that does not change the unit stats and the basic way the game works is ok because it is perfect introduction to watching high level 1 vs 1 games . 
  dota and tower defense is not good introduction . 
  i feel we 're on the same track . 
  i specifically avoid talking about balance because it is such a hot topic and everyone has their own opinion . 
  i just suggest that team games get more respect and some air time . 
  what is your problem with tweaking race interactions ? 
  after all it is like a balance patch that only affects team games . 
  in the beta chrono boost worked on teammates buildings and blizzard removed that . 
  how would you even know they did that if you were introduced to the game now . 
  i fully agree about separate game design but race interactions are the perfect thing to balance team games without affecting 1 vs 1 . 
  i agree that 4 vs 4 is too far fetched but 2 vs 2 is pretty good and 3 vs 3 is not that bad as you describe it . 
  i do n't expect to see 4 vs 4 tournaments but at least 2 vs 2 ... do you think lol is better balanced and deeper than 2 vs 2 starcraft ? 
  btw i have never seen 3 vs 3 quake even played let alone at a tournament . 
  i 've seen very few 2 vs 2 pro-level games . 
  in my opinion not all race combinations need to be balanced . 
  it is enough if we have 3 relatively balanced combinations that involve all 3 races to have enough fun . 
  after all we only have 3 races for 1 vs 1 . 
  if not all combinations are played in tournaments - big deal we still have enough matchups . 
  remember team games do n't need to be perfectly balanced because the goal is not to replace 1 vs 1 . 
  i suggest going at it the other way . 
  we balance the maps so 3 race combinations are balanced and every race is present somewhere in this combinations . 
  then high level players will simply not play the combinations that are underpowered but we still get enough different matchups . 
  i play random so we needed at least 3 different broken strategies , 
  i strongly oppose the idea of changing unit and building stats for 2 vs 2 because it would disconnect the 1 vs 1 from 2 vs 2 scene . 
  picks and bans is a good idea but how about going at it from the other side - let 3 combinations be balanced and the other can be underpowered . 
  high-level players simply wo n't use the underpowered combinations but there will still be enough matchups . 
  well i do n't know what race combinations . 
  what are current problems with balance ? 
  if only teams with zerg can win then all we need to do is make sure zz , zp , zt are balanced ( just an example not actual balance statement ) . 
  we do n't need to make it possible for the other combinations to be able to win although i am sure some strategies will be invented . 
  lol proves that if enough people play it , enough people will watch it  we just need to give it a chance instead of stomping it to the ground . 
  i proposed nerfing interactions between players so how about introducing a tax to money transfer so that you could not gas feed the other player .
