  not only that but you are voting for both hillary and trump because a vote for johnson is a vote for one of them depending on who you talk to . 
  if the freedom aspect of bitcoin is a priority for you over your investment then it is normal to be more concerned about the potential for adoption than for its value . 
   i just wish there were a language that had all of those things , and skipped backwards compatibility with c++ . 
  rust ? 
  but it is dependent on the clr . 
  it expects the presence of a certain type system and a bunch of classes like object , int32 , string , delegate , etc. 
  system is not part of the clr but i think clr provides the implementation of some types in the bcl, 
  well you get portraits and other shit by playing games so there is an incentive . 
  and give me the option to pay to hide the skins of the opponent otherwise i swear i will find a way to edit those files and hide them myself . 
  i will pay more to not see skins than you will pay for skins . 
  who are they going to listen to ? 
  because it is confusing especially when scrolling fast through the screen you may not be sure what unit you have seen . 
  what is more the zerglings skin makes it impossible to judge how many lings the opponent has which is relatively easy with the default skin . 
  then there is no problem is it ? 
  they get my money and skin fans ' money because they still buy skins to show it to the majority of people who are not like me . 
  i do n't know if it is bad only for him . 
  my friends who do not follow the community react negatively to skins the idea of skins in sc . 
  it may end up damaging the game instead of making it more popular and profitable . 
  i bought everything i got my hands on . 
  i will probably continue to buy everything because i want to support starcraft . 
  however honestly the only time it felt like i am buying something worth my money was the actual gameplay ( nova and commanders ) . 
  buying those wcs portraits did n't feel good . 
  maybe it would help if blizzard announced what percentage goes to the players . 
  also please , please let me buy the option to not see skins . 
  what do you need in-game currency for ? 
  i used my iron will and am not playing the nova missions until the third pack is released . 
  i avoided spoilers , did n't watch starcrafts and had to block the urge to click on the nova campaign . 
  please blizzard release the full campaigns at once from now on and do not do this to me again :(, 
  to be honest some skins are fine . 
  the marauder one i barely notice but do you want to buy a skin that i will barely notice ? 
  i do n't blame people who want to get rich , i am just pointing out that you can have other priorities . 
   what do you mean they do n't follow the community ? 
  they do n't read reddit , they do n't know what will be in the next patch until it hits , etc. 
  i do n't mind optional customization that i do not see . 
  announcers are great but when i get to see confusing skins on the ladder that my opponent uses it is different . 
  i should be able to override them just like i am able to override player colors . 
  the most obvious confusing skin is the zergling . 
  much much harder to judge how much zerglings the opponent has . 
  also for new players how do they know they are looking at a skin and not at an upgrade like roach burrow movement ? 
  but why does it have to be warcraft ? 
  for example i do n't want it to be warcraft because due to wow i missed a lot of the lore ( and i did play vanilla and bc ), 
  well we will have to agree to disagree on the lings issue . 
  it drives me crazy . 
  i do n't see how requiring more experience from people just because of cosmetics in the game is an argument in favor of the roach skin ( or any other skins ), 
  yeah , i only play it for 18 years . 
  also why try to chase people away from the game ? 
  have you ever heard anyone say `` i do n't play sc now but if it had skins ... '', 
  generics is pretty critical because if you do n't have it in the start you build a standard library and an ecosystem that does not use generics . 
  java went through a lot of suffering because of that . 
  as for me , i use generics heavily . 
  specifically i use them to implement a few core methods that my junior devs use and the compiler screams at them if they misuse it . 
  judging by the amount of times they come to me to complain about compile-time errors they encountered i blocked a lot of bugs with generics . 
  also generics are studied in the academia and tried in practice for 30 + years . 
  there are so many examples out there and they ca n't pick one way of implementing it they like ? 
  what do you suggest that the libertarian candidate picks an anti-weed position ? 
  voting trump is not a bad choice of `` fu weld '' either , 
  some of my generic methods do require that the type implements an interface . 
  generics are useful when the methods need not only accept undetermined things but return things as well . 
  for example if you have a filter method that works on a sequence < t  and returns a sequence < t  and filters with a predicate that is t -  boolean . 
  if you use interfaces instead of generics your resulting sequence will not be of t , it will be of the interface and you will need to cast it back to t to use it again . 
  you just wanted to filter things not to lose your t objects . 
  yeah . 
  even if they 4 gate the wrong location . 
  can one be a full time pro off of bw in korea ? 
  i 've seen some tournaments mentioned but the prize pool did n't seem that big and are there teams which pay salaries ? 
  edge already has this . 
  only safari is problematic . 
  if you maintain a downlevel transpiled bundle what 's the point of browser sniffing . 
  why not just serve the downlevel bundle to all browsers and simplify the devops story ? 
  is n't this available in node for like an year ? 
  so many people missing the point of this brilliant joke . 
  i find it hard to believe they make more money than the top 10 sc2 pros . 
  still , can they make enough money to live off of this or they just do it till they join the military or while studying ? 
  impressive . 
  how is this money generated ? 
  how many people watch the streams ? 
   given that websockets can also be used to de-anonymize users who are behind vpns ( unless they fixed that ), 
  how does that work ? 
  hmm and how many make that off of sc1 ? 
  maybe it is a niche good enough for people with legendary sc1 status . 
  so how does afreeca justify this ? 
  seems not enough viewers to pay 200k per year . 
  on the other hand korea is a rich country probably a korean viewer generates more revenue than the average twitch viewer . 
  good point !, 
  can you be neutral on abortion in the us ? 
  i mean is it yes/no question or yes/no/no action as a president, 
  i still do n't get it . 
  what js api reveals the ips ? 
  i find it annoying when bullshit features like this break the actual game . 
  care to explain what these balloons are and why people buy them ? 
  oh i am confused about the generators feature because i think of terms of typescript and ts can transpile to generators which map cleanly to async/await ( still waiting on es5 transpilation ), 
  i see . 
  if your website is large enough every cost can be justified . 
  having to learn more things degrades the experience . 
  in other news the tempest attack that looks the same for ground and air but is actually different and on top of it looks like it has splash damage is just terrible . 
  how about getting those artists to fix that . 
  i hope he will be back soon . 
  i mean he retires for the third time . 
  if the ads are made that expensive to serve then ad-blockers have done their job . 
  this will create enough incentive for content creators to monetize in other ways .
