  this is like saying it is ok to assign string to an int as long as you know the string contains an integer . 
  when i read the title here on reddit i first thought `` did he write a whole article just to write the name `` anders hejlsberg '' ? '', 
  it is up for a debate if c++ templates are better than c # generics . 
  c++ templates are definitely more powerful but this does not make them better . 
  i would not complain if go had gone the c++ route but it does n't . 
  on the other hand i am totally not ok with pushing compile time error ( like passing a string to an int ) to runtime error . 
  you seem to want this which totally negates the value of static typing . 
  if a method needs ienumerable it should accept ienumerable not a list . 
  the problem is not the generics the problem is that the method signature is wrong . 
  it took me a while to realize that this is the same feature and not something special . 
  the c # syntax looks much simpler and you actually expect it to be there without `` knowing '' it . 
  so now we have all in one . 
  a language by anders ( hallowed be his name ) with the microsoft logo on it , 
  where can you buy it for $ 5 because what i am seeing is $ 15, 
  the real shock was the fact that it was not covered by the yearly tickets . 
  so why did blizzard allow gom to act like this for blizzard 's tournament ? 
  yearly subscription ? 
  you do n't get it . 
  this is blizzard 's tournament and this is why you do n't get the vods even if you have yearly premium ticket for gsl , 
  well still $ 15 . 
  gom sells it for $ 15 too . 
  well if methods take the wrong types in my mind we should fix the methods not stop using generics . 
  all of your complaints are not about generics they are about static typing . 
  if you are correct that most methods accept the wrong type then i will advocate even stronger and more restrictive generics and more use of generics . 
  let alone that you can have your non-generic methods in a language with generics . 
  if you see no value in static type checks i guess i can not argue with you but i am surprised you prefer static typing . 
  you buy yearly premium ticket for gsl events - you do n't get wcs finals because they are not gsl events according to someone 's logic . 
  you have to pay separately . 
  to the people at blizzard who `` invented '' this wcs thing :, 
  stop `` helping '' !, 
  since wcs, 
  - i watch lower quality starcraft ( koreans leaving gsl to compete in other regions ), 
  - it is harder to follow `` the story '' and the tournament structure is something absurdly complex, 
  - foreigners ( especially in the us ) have even less chance to shine, 
  - it is more expensive to watch starcraft since my yearly gom ticket does not work for wcs finals . 
  remind me again what exactly did wcs improve ? 
  hmm you are right . 
  i did not think of it since i always buy code s tickets . 
  on the other hand it seems like they want to make up for the whole thing by charging $ 15 for the actual finals, 
  i consider myself a victim of false advertising . 
  i was lead to believe i will be able to watch wcs gom events if i pay for an yearly ticket . 
  for the first time ever i am using unofficial ways to access paid sc content but i feel like i paid for it . 
  yeah but the monthly ticket is much more expensive and they do n't even have an yearly ticket which covers all possible events . 
  and then the totally wtf price of $ 15, 
  yes , they do but how is this additional event ? 
  because they renamed the gsl to wcs korea and invented `` the finals '' . 
  if i had any idea this would happen i would get a refund when it became clear that free vods would be available for actual gsl . 
  technically they are correct . 
  morally it is false advertising . 
  it was n't clear to anyone that the gsl would end with a world finals that will be paid separately . 
  let alone that their side events usually cost ~ $ 5 with subscriber discounts and this one costs $ 15 . 
  3 regions , season finals , points for year finals ( or whatever points are for ? 
  ) , people switching regions etc. . . how is that simpler than 1 gsl ( which admittedly is unnecessary complicated with group stage , direct elimination stage , code s , code a and up & down ), 
  i am not sure . 
  after the scandal i did not bother to check . 
  is it possible that it was just much cheaper to buy on twitch ? 
  like $ 5 vs $ 25 ? 
  thank you . 
  i hope you do this tomorrow and the day after tomorrow . 
  khaldor is the hero the starcraft ii community deserves !, 
  btw as a yearly ticket holder i ca n't help but notice that the budget for this event was lower but it was not included for free and was actually quite expensive even as a stand alone event . 
  i wonder how long sony can afford to sell at a loss . 
  microsoft surely can afford to sell at a loss much longer but they do n't want to . 
  same goes for sony does n't it ? 
  chances are with more exclusives there will be more you want to play ( fit your taste ) . 
  like in football where they try to create more situations and some of them will result in a goal . 
  the more situations a team got the higher the chance to score a goal . 
  titanfall is at least in the context of xbox one vs ps4, 
  the other 50eur are charge for all the fines ms pays in eu . 
  this is the price we pay for the protection we get from the ec . 
  remember that time when the ec saved us from internet explorer by making microsoft implement browser choice in windows ? 
  or that time when they saved us from the yoke of windows media player by forcing microsoft to sell a version of windows xp without it ? 
  true but if you are deciding between xbox one and ps4 does it really matter ? 
  i do n't know ... sony are doing rather bad financially in the last decade but they probably can afford to sell at a loss some more . 
  on the other hand do they really want to be running a business that loses money . 
  after all i recall a statement by some high profile sony executive that said that ps3 will never ever return its money . 
  do they want to do it again even if they `` win '' ? 
  if you have a good enough pc and by `` you '' i mean the hypothetical person making the decision . 
  certainly xbox is more expensive because of the kinect but lets not forget that the ps4 uses faster ( more expensive ) memory and has motion functionality in the controller which certainly cost something . 
  in addition ms make more money on xbox live gold because multiplayer is not free like on psn . 
  silly me , did n't notice the currency . 
  do n't worry the ec will fine microsoft for something like shipping ie with windows . 
  think of it as a tax you pay for being protected by the ec from all the things that can harm you like ie , windows media player , etc. 
  i fully support your opinion on fps games . 
  i play fps for a couple of decades and i recently bought my first console ( solely because of the kinect ) and i played through all the halos just to see what it is like to play an fps on the console . 
  definitely worse than pc but still not as bad as i expected . 
  and the halo games turned out to be great . 
  i do n't see how this can be true with the cheaper memory and probably cheaper gpu . 
  unless of course this factors in the price of the kinect . 
  as a person who bought xbox 360 when kinect was released i was disappointed that no kinect games were shown . 
  i will buy xbone because the new kinect is even cooler . 
  oh btw i am quite hardcore gamer . 
  i play starcraft ii competitively and go to tournaments . 
  compared to high profile competitive games all console games ( except street fighter ) look like casual games so i do n't care much about them . 
  but they have gone on record saying that ps3 will never make its money back and at some point they will go bankrupt . 
  btw do you remember that universities and the military were buying ps3 en masse because there was no way to get cheaper processors ? 
  i bet these institutions did not buy many games . 
  if the price includes kinect it all makes sense . 
  it would even mean that the ps4 will be subsidized more heavily on its rumored price of $ 399 . 
  i ca n't see how the price for ddr3 can be higher than gddr5 .
