  i just see that we are doing worse now than we did in the cold war . 
  we were doing worse before the cold war too . 
  violent deaths due to fighting i guess . 
  compared to any other time in human history this is just fine . 
  iran and cuba are not even that bad . 
   if you guys are n't willing to do this level of change , then you might as well not release an expansion, 
  why not ? 
  i am willing to buy it as it is even if it contains just the protoss campaign . 
  there are two ways to make the multiplayer less rage inducing . 
  the first is to introduce more luck to the game and the second is to turn it into a team game . 
  are you aware of any competitive game that is not rage inducing and does not fall into these categories ? 
  and btw i am all for turning sc2 into a team game . 
  i ca n't think of any rts games with better single player really . 
  i have n't played the latest installments of c&c though but tiberium sun was worse than sc1 as a single player game . 
  if the relationship stayed the same i must assume sc2 is better than current c&c, 
  i personally attribute the death of the rts genre to the refusal of its community to embrace team games . 
  if there is more luck involved you sometimes win based on luck which means you are not as frustrated . 
  also people take games with more luck more lightly . 
  i once read that tabletop board games are classified as american style and german style based on if they require more luck or more skill . 
  you do n't play the ones with skill with your family . 
  no chance in hell . 
  archon mode was there for a decade in sc1 and everyone played a couple of games saw it was frustrating and was back to 1 vs 1 or 2 vs 2 . 
  and yes people played a good amount of 2 vs 2 back in the day . 
  as for 4 vs 4 currently there are a lot of issues including technical ( lag when there are a lot of units ) but 2 vs 2 is fine if the community wants to embrace it and 3 vs 3 can be made to work . 
  for 4 vs 4 there will have to be less units for each player otherwise things get too crowded . 
  i tend to blame the community more than blizzard . 
  you are laughed at if you suggest there should be 2 vs 2 tournaments or pro scene . 
  blizzard are just listening to what people say, 
  no chance for archon mode if you ask me . 
  archon mode is nothing new . 
  it sucked 15 years ago it will suck today . 
  it was extremely frustrating to be in constant conflict with the other player . 
  we already have perfectly fine team mode but we do what we can to kill it . 
  i prefer that we take the easier and tried road of team games . 
  i strongly disagree that sc can not be both a team game and a 1 vs 1 game as many people claim but even if this is true i 'd rather have blizzard and the community migrate to 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 as the competitive game type and kill 1 vs 1 if this is the price we have to pay . 
  i wonder how the community will accept archon mode in terms of tournaments and pro scene, 
  i was reading this and was like `` come on !, 
  a whole post on why borland failed without mentioning that they lost anders hejlsberg ( hallowed be his name ! ) '', 
  marine splitting must be the second most annoying thing i have to do in sc after stutter stepping . 
  i do n't know why everyone gets wet about it . 
  that 's just boring muscle memory . 
  i want the s in rts . 
  it stands for strategy not splitting . 
  but the basic premise is correct we need units with more character not more reasons to click . 
  honest question what 's interesting to watch about marine splits ? 
  i feel like i am watching someone play one of these flash games where you have to click on circles that appear faster and faster ( players used these types of games to train micro back in the day ) . 
  i feel even worse when i have to actually do it . 
  why do people want to develop this skill at all ? 
  i only play mech when i get terran because i find this part so boring that i do n't want to learn to do it . 
  do you also watch games like darts , bowling and other games that require impressive dexterity and nothing else ? 
  it should be noted that the `` constructed scenarios '' occurred naturally on smaller maps . 
  too bad we killed all of those . 
  i am not sure this was the case in bw . 
  certainly in the second half of bw 's history some micro tricks like muta stacking and the vulture patrol thing came to be so there was the potential for some muscle memory type micro to shift the game . 
  the main differentiator was probably the ability to macro with inferior interface . 
  could you point to the equivalent of marine splitting in bw because i do n't see one ? 
  what i think was better in bw was the tactical aspect of the units . 
  there were more units that played like siege tanks where you could extract great value not by controlling them like crazy but by positioning and setting up engagements . 
  even hydras were used by setting up concaves before the battle . 
  but then comes splitting !, 
  i strongly disagree that positioning and controlling space are equivalent to the pure muscle memory that is marine splitting and stutter stepping . 
  the only similar skill of significant importance that i can think of in sc1 is vulture patrol micro but it was not nearly as important as marine splitting and stutter stepping . 
  i do n't see how any of this is nearly as demanding on the apm as marines in sc2 . 
  hydras are far easier than stutter stepping marines and what is more it is rarely needed because the protoss player will usually retreat . 
  vultures are maybe comparable but not as important since in tvz in sc2 all you do is split marines and stutter step . 
  in sc1 vultures vs dragoons is very small part of the game . 
  i honestly do n't see how marine/medic vs lurker/ling compares to splitting . 
  it is more of a kiting and focus firing than splitting or stutter stepping . 
  mutalisks are probably good example although this kind of micro appeared later in sc1 when stacking was discovered . 
  what do you mean by reavers controlling reavers or pulling the targeted worker ? 
  sorry ca n't say if you are joking about the polymorphic dispatch . 
  seems like quite the overdesign when you have enums . 
  oh no , i do n't think marines vs banelings are the end of all micro . 
  i just claim that marines vs banelings is bad micro because it is totally mindless and pure muscle memory and to make it even more annoying in sc2 it defines a whole matchup . 
  in my opinion good micro is about ( fast ) decisions about positioning , targeting , bating and attacking vs retreating . 
  many of the micro examples you give are this good type of micro . 
  with marines vs banelings and marine stutter stepping there is practically no decisions involved . 
  you just split or you decide that your army should move in certain direction while shooting so you provide an insane amount of clicks to make it happen . 
  with the perfectly designed micro ( which probably does not exist in its pure form ) every click should be a separate decision . 
  i do feel that marine/medic vs lurker/ling in sc1 was quite near perfect of micro . 
  you did need to be fast and precise but every move is based on assessing the situation and you did n't need to click constantly just to maintain the behavior of your army you 've already made a decision about . 
  on the contrary - i find bw micro to be quite beautiful in most cases . 
  it is bw macro mechanics that i dislike . 
  bw macro is much like marine splitting in sc2 . 
  you decide that you want 12 zealots but in order to get them you need to execute 24 clicks + collecting them when they are ready because rally points had to be set manually for each building and you could n't change the rally so effectively . 
  playstation now is the cloud streaming service ? 
  ten bucks that it will go down at least once a month if they provide free licenses . 
  sony suck bad at network services . 
  they said no work is required from the developer but the developer must approve . 
  i guess it is a legal thing . 
  oh the excitement and enthusiasm of the children ... 
  it is sad that i have less excitement and enthusiasm left but i do believe that i am able to invest it far more wisely , 
  and for the record i love sc even in its current form . 
  i hope there will still be a scene in 10 years and i will teach my newborn to play it . 
  my understanding is that from sql perspective it is just not supported . 
  i mean you will get an error if you try to express these queries in sql so it ca n't happen by accident . 
  well it sounds about right to me . 
  you encrypt the document text but leave the document metadata not encrypted so you can still retrieve the document . 
  and of course errors are better than a performance hit that can bring your system to the ground without indication what is wrong . 
  as a matter of fact i have no idea what the nsa can do with metadata .
