  hots and especially the end of wol was killing me inside . 
  now of course if it was up to me i 'd go batshit crazy in this direction like bringing steppes of war - style maps back and adding air maps but at this point i am happy to get even that . 
  banding together to kill the cthulu is the most annoying thing in the sc2 trilogy ( well maybe equal with the dragon ball z fights in hots ) . 
  i guess they needed to make every faction be `` good '' but come on we 're not 10 !, 
  it was perfectly fine to be able to play the purely evil zerg of sc1 . 
  in fact this is precisely why people loved the race back then . 
  the saga of amon against kerrigan/raynor/zeratul has ended . 
  we are not supposed to see more of these specific characters but we should continue with characters seen before like stukov , nova , zagara , alarak . 
  i just hope they do n't just invent an opponent even more powerful than amon and fight for the fate of the universe again . 
  i want smaller stories as they tend to be cooler and more dramatic . 
  many game writers think that unless you raise the stakes in the next chapter you somehow failed . 
  happens in a lot of game universes , warcraft , diablo , halo and even starcraft . 
  please stop !, 
  what is the difference between external and internal hacks ? 
  i agree with your statement but i think star wars is a bad example . 
  after all the emperor is somewhat similar to ultimate power of evil . 
  a better example is blade runner where if deckard lost he would probably just die and the world would go on as if nothing happened . 
  on the other hand as i was expecting it too it would made the story too predictable had the tal darim betrayed artanis . 
  then i guess map hack is external but larva inject needs to be internal ? 
  i have a distant memory that mc said that he was gon na buy a house with the prize money in an interview after winning some tournament . 
  now it makes sense . 
  yeah the first two weeks it was better . 
  you are welcome . 
  i swear i was about to break and buy resharper and then they got `` go to implementation '' which was definitely my favorite resharper feature . 
  i actually disabled the reference counter . 
  i wish there was a feature to see it while holding a button like say i hold alt and they appear . 
  otherwise they take screen space and mess the formatting . 
  yeah his qualifications are being an `` ex google '' . 
  he is totally not one of the most respected technical people around bitcoin just some random ex-google employee . 
  i will use this thread to post mine - https://scontent-fra3-1.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-xfp1/t31.0-8/12401927_10207142279967806_3484350039943087887_o.jpg, 
  i do that for most games but not starcraft , 
  judging the density of the signatures purely visually it seems like less and less devs are working on sc2, 
  i really wish they remove the tank in medivac thing . 
  now the obvious problem is that it will make terran so much weaker against other races ( most notably zerg ) . 
  maybe buff the actual tank a bit but make it go through full siege when dropped from the medivac ( still should be able to pick up while sieged because of ravagers ), 
  i want to see increased lock on activation range with the damage upgrade . 
  make it easier to kill liberators, 
  13 is fine after the upgrade . 
  i really think cyclones should be viable as part of the main army . 
  i even think it would be ok if the upgrade reduces the cooldown of the lockon . 
  probably he works as a dev and is just a part time progamer ? 
  i did n't have an opinion on this debate until i learned about the censorship and the ddos attacks . 
  now i am pretty certain the xt guys were the good guys . 
  while i have read a bit about the technical side of the debate with age i have come to think that more primitive signs tend to work better when forming an opinion . 
  do n't worry i do n't even run a node so wo n't influence the `` consensus '' with my uninformed decision . 
  i use all units but zerglings are my favorite, 
  i 'd rather look at the actual assembly . 
  who knows maybe the jit does additional optimizations . 
  esoteric programming languages are a good way to demonstrate concepts especially turing completeness . 
  it is a bit sad that so many people create languages that are effectively skins of brainfuck . 
  my favorite is befunge as it deviates from our standard understanding of source code as a linear thing . 
  why not two dimentional ? 
  why not n-dimentional source code ? 
  i got other things out of writing a bit of brainfuck . 
  i got a better understanding of the transformations that make things turing complete like how you build a multiplication out of increments , decrements and loops or how you build an if/else statement out of these . 
  i knew these were possible and had an instinctive understanding why but it is better to try it yourself . 
  the rumors of bitcoin 's death are an exaggeration . 
  i use it for every project i get to make the choice and am super happy with it . 
  however they do not provide a way to open source stuff hosted there ( no public access and you have to grant permissions to people you want to access the project ) so visual studio online ( as it is now called due to microsoft 's obsession with renaming things ) wo n't do as a replacement for github even for those brave enough . 
  so we should thank the good saviors of bitcoin who managed to stop this diabolical plan with well-placed censorship and clever ddos ? 
  i am not saying the censorship thing work ( although it seems like the ddos part was successful ), 
  yes but at least whitespace is the most interesting skin of brainfuck . 
  others like oook are super boring . 
  i want to have different playstyles . 
  i am ok with 1 hour turtle mech . 
  i am ok with 3 rax reaper rush . 
  i am ok with bio . 
  i am not ok with having just one viable style . 
  that is a matter of opinion . 
  one could claim that mech is strategic , deep , positional and chess like while bio is boring clickfest . 
  sure but proponents of mech do not demand that other styles should not be viable . 
  i 'd personally even put diversity in gameplay above balance to a reasonable degree . 
  i do n't want 100 units like mobas but certainly think sc2 can sacrifice some balance for the sake of diversity . 
  that is true and ideally we have diversity and balance but in case the balance is not perfect diversity can be achieved via different maps that lend themselves to one style over another . 
  i 'd rather not . 
  in fact i think we already have too many patches and too much of blizzard telling us how to play the game . 
  i prefer the way it was with starcraft 1 . 
  10 years of no balance patches and evolving meta ( slight balance adjustments with maps ) . 
  bio was viable before tankivaks . 
  in fact it was more viable than mech . 
  mech proponents just point to the problem that caused mech in tvt to not be viable . 
  probably the reason is that chess has established places to watch and discuss long before twitch existed . 
  btw are you suggesting that sc2 should not trade places with chess in terms of popularity given the opportunity ? 
  unless there are different maps where one style is better than the other . 
  i 'd argue that position is more important with mech since you ca n't reposition easily and bio depends more on quick micro in battles . 
  also i do n't get frustrated by playing and watching turtle . 
  you probably get frustrated watching chess ? 
  except that you lose outright . 
  i have not seen anyone suggest simply removing tankivacs to be a good idea . 
  everyone imagines that either there would be a buff to compensate or nerfs to other races . 
  after all proponents of mech are mainly terran . 
  i doubt they want to just nerf their race . 
  i do it all the time . 
  i pretty much gave up on splitting marines and stutter stepping some time ago . 
  i lose much more than i did in hots . 
  i do n't know how you got the impression that i was against replacing tankivac with another buff . 
  well i do think that bio is strategically more shallow than mech and especially so in terms of positioning . 
  now i do not claim that there is no strategy in bio i just claim that mech has its virtues and some people find it fun . 
  let alone that mech is something that has always been a part of starcraft since the beginning of sc1 and non-viable mech is a big downgrade of the game . 
  if you have multiple customers with different requirements or your product has different pricing depending on the features you may want to keep it in .
