  i truly believe that the age thing in sc is more about motivation and peer pressure ( meaning when you are 16 all your friends care about sc2 but when you are 36 this is probably not the case ) . 
  i do n't believe that being marginally slower matters that much as people make it sound . 
  i think older players are just using it as an excuse for the lack of motivation . 
  note that while his results in sc2 were not very impressive ( second place in gsl was his high i think ) he did bring his unique sc1 style to sc2 and was a pleasure to watch . 
   reid said he was called an `` old man , '' and an `` old fuddy-duddy '' by colleagues , and was told in his performance evaluation that google was different in part due to its `` younger contributors '' and `` super fast pace . '', 
  reid said he was told he was n't a `` cultural fit , '' and later fired . 
  sometimes when i am confronted with google 's products i get that feeling of immaturity . 
  then they go around murdering useless and useful projects and creating even more of them . 
  this quote explains why this is the case perfectly . 
  i expect to like google 's products even less as i get older and i already disliked them in my 20s . 
  that is a good reason to dislike them and one of mine too but products like wave annoy me even more . 
  the core idea was great but they overloaded it with features that made it unusable to the general population and then killed it when it was n't fun anymore . 
  i see android as similar to wave . 
  they value features over stability and usability . 
  sure maybe you can install custom rom and tweak it and what not but i found this fun when i was at school . 
  now i need a phone that works without the need to think about it and tweak its settings . 
  i get enough computer challenges at work . 
  android 4.0-4 .2 was not stable on my girlfriend 's galaxy nexus according to my standards . 
  i do use search and watch videos on youtube but i do not have any investment in them so if they disappear tomorrow it would be the same as if i had stopped using them last year . 
  by `` useful '' i mean to any user . 
  i do not claim that google owns society anything . 
  i claim that they make childish decisions . 
  i factor the option to pay for a product into m decision what to use . 
  if there was an option for ad-free search engine , ad-free facebook that did not track i would use them assuming same quality of the service . 
  and then you realize all that thinking can be replaced by better mechanics at least till you get to plat and probably till masters , 
  plus it is not programming, 
  she is a developer , she gets her own phones . 
  she has a lumia 930 now . 
  better example - building wave to be unusable with features that were more of a tech demo than involving any ux thinking . 
  i fail to see any thinking involve in mechanics like larva inject , marine stutter stepping and individual stalker blink micro . 
  you are not the only one . 
  currently every top level comment in this thread is about that . 
  i visited spain ( valencia ) last year and i loved it . 
  i definitely see spain as one of the first choices if for some reason i decide to emigrate from bulgaria . 
  moving there should be easy for an eu citizen but i noticed that very few people spoke english ( compared to bulgaria for example ) . 
  even people working on the airport did not speak english . 
  on the other hand everyone was very friendly and i enjoyed the gestures communication i had to use just because the people were so nice and trying to help . 
  is that the same in barcelona and what will be the impact of not speaking spanish for someone working as a developer ? 
  also what about the market for . net devs ? 
  if the team pays for your food and housing it does qualify for the literal meaning of the word `` professional '' which is a person who practices something for a living . 
  well good for you but most of us do not make 200k eu per year so i guess the post is for us , mortals . 
  do people work hard in it there ? 
  do they work like germans or more like people from the mediterranean if you know what i mean ? 
  hmm really did n't know you could get to 200k eur in europe without some really exceptional skills ( thinking of the kind of guys that create languages , vms , write famous books , etc. ), 
  i am not talking about overtime . 
  i am talking about the way they work during regular hours . 
  for example i browser reddit , facebook and what not during work hours . 
  i assume germans do n't . 
  i always imagined that catalan is very close to spanish . 
  am i wrong ? 
  for some reason i assumed it is like bulgarian and macedonian where if you speak one you can understand the other . 
  when i visited spain it seemed to me that people are not very hard working . 
  of course i am talking of people i interacted with like waiters , airport workers , etc. 
  not once did i see someone in a hurry . 
  i liked it a lot since i felt like the spanish have an attitude towards work that is similar to bulgarians . 
  i am not in a hurry to move . 
  i am just checking my options in case something extreme happens in bulgaria for example if there is a referendum to leave the eu and it passes or if some crisis similar to greece happens . 
  not that i expect it to but who knows ... 
  i do like warm weather and this is quite important to me . 
  as for poland what do you see happening there ? 
  i know a very nice guy from poland and i know that the computer science education there is very strong but i have not heard anything about the industry . 
  btw the bulgarian it industry is doing fine too and the income is quite ok compared to the standard of leaving but i will not recommend the country to people from the west as there is a serious amount of corruption and bad services ( specifically the bad healthcare would drive me off ) . 
  however it might be a good option for lets say ukrainians fleeing from the war if they can get into the country legally . 
  i see . 
  spanish seems like a better investment . 
  i mean it is the third language in the world by number of native speakers iirc . 
  i wish coke was cheaper and legal . 
  after all coke was in coca-cola before some asshole decided to ban it . 
  you challenge us on corruption ? 
  our border customs officials are so corrupt they forget to lie about it . 
  at one point they were given a survey and among other things there were two questions one if it is ok to take money to allow someone to skip the check and another about reporting a colleague that does this . 
  like 30 % of responders declared that it was ok to take money and it was not ok to report the colleague . 
  i think the survey was n't even anonymous . 
  try to beat that !, 
  i tend to see our boyko borisov as our version of berlusconi . 
  he only has 5 years as prime minister under his belt now but we are working towards that 20 , 
  what happens with people who do leave at 5 ? 
  i am very good at leaving at 5 i think i can handle the fear , 
  what is `` carnicas '' ? 
  really ? 
  2k eur ( after taxes ) per month is pretty normal in sofia although the salaries in smaller bulgarian cities are lower . 
  i assumed poland had higher standards of living and higher salaries . 
  honestly i value the work of skilled nurses higher than my own . 
  strange . 
  maybe poland will indeed explode and companies will invest there . 
  i mean companies outsource in bulgaria ( and there are even a reasonable number of startups ) because we are cheap so it make sense to invest in poland too . 
  i see . 
  the company i work for does something like this with a couple of clients but the clients are the same for many years and we do have other customers . 
  seems like in spain they have taken the practice to the extreme . 
  migration path for existing apps . 
  for example if chrome deprecates the current version maybe someone can develop nacl version . 
  in addition open sourcing silverlight might make possible projects like porting silverlight to asm.js and html . 
  that 's easy . 
  popular games are team games - so divert attention from 1 vs 1 to 2 vs 2 . 
  split all that wcs money and give half of the money and the air time to 2 vs 2 . 
  if it is determined that the game can not be balanced for both 2 vs 2 and 1 vs 1 fix this by introducing interracial mechanics that are only available for 2 vs 2 ( say protoss can chronoboos terran buildings , but not zerg and has some other buff for zerg ) . 
  use these mechanics to keep 2 vs 2 balanced while using the very same 1 vs 1 units . 
  of course blizzard needs to make money but maybe only one player needs to own the game ( which i think is the current situation ), 
  i know but the level of play and especially the production is not on the same level . 
  still i prefer nathanias 's 2 vs 2 tournament to the entire season of the gsl and i paid for the latter .
