  md5 is not broken , md5 is blocked because the user of the os explicitly requested that . 
  this whole thread does and the original post does not make sense . 
  people do n't care about sanctions until they are hurt by them personally . 
  therefore sc2 players would care and potentially change their opinion and support for russian politics if they do not get a dreamhack . 
  other groups will care about different things but if the corresponding international groups boycott them then they will start paying attention too . 
  basically if you ask a sc player `` do you want eastern ukraine to be a part of your country or you want to be able to attend e-sports events '' it may be a tougher call than if you ask him `` do you want eastern ukraine to be a part of your country or you want to eat polish apples '', 
  they refer to the next version of the . net framework as vnext because the official version may be something strange for marketing reasons . 
  for c # they always refer to the next version by the number . 
  this !, 
  if the password for your e-mail was worth tens of thousands of dollars you would probably be advised to do the same . 
  i am still undecided on this point of libertarianism but even then the point of natural resources and land ownership to which some libertarians object is irrelevant in this particular case since there is no land or natural resources to own . 
  in these islands everything will be built by men so by natural rights which i assume all libertarians support everything would be private . 
  basically there is nothing that different kinds of libertarians can argue about . 
  that is not a libertarian view at all especially in the absence of means of production like natural resources or land that can give advantage to the 5 % of the population . 
  correct me if i am wrong but in java and scala type inference will handle the type of the arguments which would make the lambda syntax basically identical with c # ( except that java uses -  instead of =  ) three languages with the same syntax would undermine his argument . 
  if we add future version of js to this ... 
  we do not consider it to be very valuable since there is plenty of it and it is hard to use . 
  that 's the whole point of building the thing in the sea . 
  quick someone update the liquipedia article . 
  the seeds are a result from their placement in the groups . 
  obviously half the koreans placed second in their groups . 
  4:1 does n't establish her ? 
  not that they play on a level that matters but still ... 
  uhm ... did anyone claim that most people in crimea or donetzk did not identify as russians ? 
  i have never heard that even from anti-russian media . 
  when i was a university student i went to the usa on a work and travel program for the summer . 
  i do n't speak very well but i can understand english almost perfectly . 
  after one month there i am very confident that i do not have any problems with the language . 
  however this black teenage guy gets with me in the elevator and tells me something . 
  i can not understand a single word of the sentence and ask him to repeat ... again i fail to understand anything . 
  he just shakes his head and leaves ... 
  i felt like such a noob . 
  this happened two more times in the two months one time when a 5 years old child was speaking to me and once more with another black guy . 
  you win this comment thread . 
  yeah but with english you kind of get a lot of practice through movies , music , starcraft casts ... 
  i think this claim is made for ukraine as a whole not for the specific regions . 
  of course almost none of the actual fighters are locals but this is a different issue . 
  was she ever a gm ? 
  i have seen this claim disputed . 
  i am sure this percent shifts towards combat occupations in war times . 
  because this is how feminism works . 
  they want all the rights but non of the mandatory stuff , 
  guns have a strange tendency to become heavier with each step when you have to run with them . 
  it is debatable if the benefits of having every men go through the military are not offset by the economic damage from having men to serve in the military . 
  maybe you can buy better tanks and planes and have far smaller but much more efficient army . 
  on the other hand having males go through the military has a psychological effect . 
  people know they have an army to protect them because they have been there . 
  debatable since it also means that you lose a lot of economic benefits from men not working and actually being an expense during that time . 
  maybe with the money you can buy better planes and tanks and train professional military to use them which would make the army much more efficient . 
  did it ever occur to you that the non-combat occupations could already be filled with professional military ? 
  you got my point perfectly . 
  of course this would occur only in a huge war but is n't the whole point of mandatory military service to prepare exactly for a huge war ? 
  why would you train the whole population if it were n't ? 
  on the other hand a lot of countries have decided otherwise . 
  this is the single most important issue with the game you should fix and should be top priority . 
  who needs more features , balance patches or whatever if the game itself is unplayable ? 
  btw i have noticed that when the game dies like this if i kill it , start it again and load the replay freezes the same way again . 
  i have to restart to be able to see the full replay . 
  i hope this info helps somehow . 
  i do n't want to excuse blizzard on this ( i myself have suffered from this so many times ) but honestly it may be hard to pin down . 
  i assume they can not reproduce it reliably and are basically trying to guess what causes it change it and wait to see if the issue goes away . 
  bugs like this are definitely the worst kind of bugs to deal with . 
  i am with you on this one . 
  while i have not switched everything i have switched from soap to rest , implemented different views ( mobile and desktop ) on top of a single controller and i have switched the data access layer from stored procedures to an orm . 
  well he should get into a team that sends him around the world . 
  i thought the goal was to make the game popular and have competition all around the world . 
  if someone does n't want to work for this goal and wants to stay only in korea then why would he care about blizzcon ? 
  we want to have high level tournaments all over the world . 
  that 's the most important thing . 
  having the best players at blizzcon is secondary goal . 
  it makes sense to not draft women in the mandatory military service because this is where physical strength and endurance in relatively bad conditions is required . 
  if i had to extrapolate to professional military it makes no sense to have mandatory military service for men but still allow women to be professional military because there is no way they will be respected if they did not have the same obligations . 
  now my personal opinion is that everything should be based on achievements but obviously you ca n't have exams for mandatory service because people will fail on purpose . 
  so either you do n't have mandatory service or you do n't allow women to serve . 
  preferably countries should choose the first option . 
  i know they do i am simply saying its wrong . 
  i have served in a mixed army where there were professional women ( and men ) and drafted men for the mandatory service . 
  the respect for women soldiers was remarkably low not only from the drafted men but also from officers and professional male soldiers . 
  that 's what happens if you try to be equal but are not put again the same obstacles . 
  in other news we have just diversified the strategy pool by having maps that are suitable for different openings . 
  in addition when some strategy is imba on a certain map it pays off to blindly hard-counter it . 
  i remember in the days when roaches had 2 armor and cost 1 supply i went 2 robo immortals blindly on one base and had insane winrate in pvz , 
  12 drones coming for you !, 
  it seems to me that this season will happen in the off-time between wcs seasons and the map pool will not be in big tournaments . 
  i do not have any information about this just looking at the timing . 
  they can change that easily based on community feedback . 
  i do n't understand why people get so excited about cheap things like changing the tileset . 
  for me this map totally breaks the immersion and was confusing for viewers who were not following the scene closely . 
  actually i do n't insist on dark . 
  the jungle and desert tilesets are not really dark . 
  i just object to parody . 
  they are . 
  obviously you never had to deal with a company like ibm or oracle , 
  cool idea but that 's not how mc operates , 
  that 's mc fatality ? 
  not programming ? 
  programmers like their data sorted . 
  i am quite interested of this piece of news but i downvoted anyway since it may hide some programming news that i do not get to see or discuss elsewhere . 
  do you think any rts or even a 1 on 1 competitive game like quake or street fighter ? 
  it looks to me that it is all about team games these days and the only reason sc/quake were ever the most popular competitive game was that the internet could not handle games with large teams .
