  no seriously how could you let someone access your database if you let them write queries for it ? 
  this whole thing makes odata useless . 
  writing a query provider that works is insanely hard . 
  you are either ok with providing a prefiltered iqueryable or using query interceptors or you 'd better not allow the client to design queries at all . 
  keep an eye on the upcoming phoenix point . 
  the game is pure sci-fi but the lore implies that in the game universe lovecraft wrote of his dreams about the alien threat that we 're supposed to fight . 
  there are a bunch of short stories on the website . 
  the `` tradeoff '' for generics has been tested in practice multiple times starting from c++ adding templates , then java adding generics and then c # adding generics . 
  all these languages got better from adding that feature and the code got more maintainable and easier to write . 
  these features are also well-understood by developers in the 99 % of the cases ( sure , you can construct extreme examples , big deal ) . 
  you can not make a solid case for not adding generics to a statically typed language based on empirical data . 
  i have no idea where they started . 
  by `` starting '' i did not mean to imply that this was the beginning but that it is a well-known starting point for a language that can be compared with and without generics . 
  sooner or later you will have to learn js . 
  you also can not become a web developer without js . 
  if you want to use c # and never touch js best bet is unity game development . 
  i am from eu but i feel like na and eu is one country . 
  i never had preference for eu players over na players . 
  by contrast i always root for foreigners against koreans, 
  the problem with most of neeb championships is that the koreans are banned from participating . 
  on the other hand neeb won an offline tournament in korea which no foreigner has achieved since grrrr ... 
  for koreans going in the army is something they have to factor in . 
  it may even make sense to go in the army and then come back and try again if you have lost your motivation . 
  in two years you might come with renewed passion for the game . 
  `` potentially '' yes . 
  i do n't see a reason given enough time an ai would n't be able to do anything better than the best human . 
  how much time it will take ? 
  i do n't know , depends on the effort they spend to build it . 
  i 'd bet on no less than 5 years most probably 10, 
  min-maxing with heuristic function ( what chess ais do ) is hardly bruteforcing . 
  first of all you have to be able to falsify the learning data and second they train the ai by letting it play against itself . 
  the dota 2 1 vs 1 example is bullshit and people should stop using it . 
  the kind of match they played in dota2 is extremely simplified variant of dota mainly for training your hit timings . 
  also players did beat the ai after that first surprise demonstration . 
  i do n't know how military in korea work but i have been through a mandatory military service and while you are kind of friends with the people you served for the rest of your life you tend to get separated quickly . 
  you are gathered there based on the year of your birth and your interests do not match , your iq does not match , you really do n't have anything in common so you naturally end up in different circles . 
  let alone that in my case people were from different cities so we got separated geographically . 
  because it is not dota . 
  yes it is extremely simplified and depends a lot on reflexes and timing and the ai has great advantage in it . 
  now i am not saying that machine learning based ai that does this is not a great achievement but it is something that a scripted ai can do too and not nearly close to winning a normal game of dota2, 
  it is like playing starcraft but only with marines . 
  as i pointed out a scripted ai would do better . 
  this is a great achievement for the team but should n't be pointed out as a proof that ais are close to beating pros . 
  `` final nail into java 's coffin '' hahahahahah, 
  worst thing about this jp morgan bullshit is that it coincided with the chinese ban . 
  for some reason more people heard about this moron and now they think he caused the price drop . 
  unless i am mistaken, 
  sos games are much more entertaining to watch . 
  byun is extremely good and has sick micro but i do n't think it is more entertaining than the chaos sos creates in his games, 
  why do you put up with this ? 
  i mean obviously you are ok with quitting , why do n't you just stay at work for 40 hours ? 
  the worst that can happen is they fire you but you left anyway . 
  i 'll never understand people who let this happen . 
  i understand people who like to build a career and make more money so they work more in companies with paid overtime or as managers but there are the people who just work additional hours to `` catch up '' . 
  why do you do it ? 
  me , i got a 4 days a week job once my salary reached a point where i can save money . 
  yes , i got disproportionate pay cut ( i.e. 
  30-35 % less pay instead of 20 % less ) but i do n't care . 
  i use the time to play starcraft and spend time with my kid and still save money , why sacrifice this for saving more money ? 
  i even got a side job ( ~ 4 hours a week ) teaching programming courses for some time which was different enough to feel like a hobby although i was getting paid ( below market value for a developer ), 
  i 'd like to see a manager try to make my life miserable if i am ok with being fired , 
  well if your team is annoyed by the fact that you work just 40 hours a week then you 'd better quit . 
  if your team is fine with that but your manager wants you to work 70 then you are in a position to drive him crazy much faster than he is . 
  you will only burn bridges with management not with the teammates . 
  that being said i agree that if do not enjoy the clash ( i.e. 
  proving you are right ) you 'd better quit . 
  you say you are `` fortunate '' but i do n't see how developers can not be fortunate . 
  i am about average developer for my years of experience but not anything exceptional and i achieve that income without any effort . 
  i understand that there are different geographic locations with different costs of living but at the very worst one can relocate . 
  the option to work remotely also makes our profession much more flexible in this regard . 
  i am very good at browsing reddit at work . 
  i am thinking about moving to singapore . 
  sure , we might have been fortunate to end up with programming skills ( although in my case living in post-communist and even some of communist bulgaria is not exactly the best place to end up still better than most of the world ) . 
  however in the context of the conversation virtually everyone who is not fresh out of collage and is qualified to work in a software company is in this conditions . 
  i understand why people tolerate their crappy jobs if they do n't have the skills for sellers ' market positions but in programming ? 
  i am perfectly fine with not working in an environment where people are able to be productive 70 hours a week . 
  i accept that i am inferior to them and am willing to accept far inferior pay . 
  still i am in high demand on the market . 
  well yeah , there may be an extreme circumstances . 
  for example you may work in terrible conditions which are also extremely well paid but you also have to pay the medical bills for someone sick in the family and so on . 
  taxes serve to discourage people from working , 
  i did n't think much about it to be honest . 
  when i stopped working 40 hours i actually did that . 
  quit completely and did a personal project and teaching ( both not full time ) . 
  then when i got a job i still had the teaching part active so i made the 4 days deal and then i stopped teaching but i liked working 4 days so i just went on like this . 
  existing projects ? 
  yes , they are although i wo n't use the word nervous . 
  i am usually assigned to lead less important projects with a team of junior devs . 
  serves as a training for the juniors too . 
  when they get more experience they are taken from me and assigned to other teams and i get a new set of juniors ( 2 or 3 ) . 
  however this may not be due to my work schedule but due to me being generally lazy and not liking responsibility which management knows . 
  i am also good at training people . 
  the other team leads are far less patient and/or far less willing to explain beginner things . 
  weak typing is not well-defined and many conflicting definitions exist . 
  my understanding is that it allows one type to be treated like another in some way be it via the lack of memory safety , implicit conversions or similar mechanism . 
  as soon as i saw this feature i thought it was too clever to be good . 
  this is why design teams should also have not so competent people to test features on , 
  i think there is a string overload of fromsql, 
  i do n't know man . 
  satoshi is superhuman to me .
