  sounds like bad management to me . 
  then why were they on the team to begin with . 
  why did she get players who ignored her on the team ? 
  - bad management . 
  then like 50 % of the users do n't pay for single player and the other 50 % pays 5 times less than they are paying now . 
  also infrastructure costs skyrocket because there are many more players who log in just to check the game . 
  the result is about 10 times less income s like 10 times less budget for the game . 
  of course if you implement microtransactions it would be different thing . 
  and btw the single player is easily pirated so maybe more than 10 times reduction in income . 
  this is simply not true . 
  i know many people who pirated sc 1 but they bought sc 2 because there is no other way to play multiplayer . 
  of course i know like 3 times more that played sc1 but did not pay attention to sc2 because they do n't want to pay for it . 
  i feel sorry for you if you believe piracy is not related issue . 
  while it is arguable which one is more important to blizzard claiming that it is the `` only '' reason is simply wrong . 
  btw i am happy that kespa does not rule sc2 . 
  i 'd take lack of lan if this destroys kespa monopoly . 
  my understanding is that unranked machmaking will be based on your ladder rank but will not influence your internal rating or points . 
  i may be wrong though . 
  sure , but there are at least some people who bought the game simply because they could n't pirate it . 
  it makes economic sense for blizzard to restrict piracy . 
  some  0 even if we do n't know specific numbers , 
  you could but what would you achieve if you do this ? 
  you may be right ( though i do n't like this future ) but this is much different from `` $ 10 for single player '' . 
  the proposed $ 10 for single player and free multiplayer would just starve sc financially . 
  jessica managed to get in a fight with every team member , other teams , sponsors , random players from other teams , random fans and the team was ruined . 
  this is bad management almost by definition . 
  even if other people have fault it is the manager who is bad because she is the fucking manager , she is the one supposed to prevent the `` double-sided thing '' not the other side . 
  you could do this already if you lose on purpose on ladder and then win in gold league . 
  yeah people who play the game for the first time at a lan party will be really disappointed that the maps do not represent the current metagame properly ... 
  you are right but the guy is also right . 
  if every map is the same ( like they currently are ) this pushes the strategy higher and higher on the skill level and promotes mechanics more and more . 
  your mmr will change but then you just quit a couple of games and you are back to the old value and you get wins for achievements . 
  leaving a game wastes minimum amount of time . 
  but even then blizzard could just remove achievements from unranked games . 
  the assumption of unranked matches is that you either care about the ladder points or you care about balanced games but not both at the same time . 
  so even if someone goes lower in mmr intentionally to get wins that should not be a problem since people would n't care about the losses because they are unranked . 
  i 'd be more upset if i had to play people with lower mmr and really would n't mind playing people with higher mmr if they wanted to play against me . 
  i still think if someone plays enough games to appreciate the metagame and does not buy the game he will never buy it . 
  btw i 've never seen people play 1 vs 1 at a lan party , only team games . 
  as a random masters player who has 30 % more wins with zerg than terran i have to agree . 
  watching the races of the players who qualified for wcs only koreans have good representation of terrans . 
  btw i prefer smaller maps to direct buff to terran . 
  it will be ironic if people start building games for other platforms first or even skipping ms platforms using ms tech , 
  to be honest linq to sql was declared officially `` dead '' when it was released by ms. 
  they said that it was a lightweight thing and in the long term you want to use ef . 
  in my mind linq to sql was aways a proof of concept but it is also perfect for small projects even now . 
  the mvc crowd is indeed annoying . 
  however the reality is the websites we build today changed in comparison with 5-6 years ago . 
  now we build `` applications '' . 
  if you want to build simple wikipedia style website where people input and consume data but do not produce or edit data directly ( think of google docs ) web forms is still better . 
  it is interesting that server side html generation may already be dead with even more interactive web apps which connect to backend apis with js and use client side templates . 
  in a way mvc and webforms are both dead , 
  i expect them to provide a managed code game development framework when the new xbox is released . 
  it may not be xna compatible though . 
  i think this was a strange attempt at irony , 
  i am so curious what the deleted comments used to say , 
  games for xbox 360 are stuck on the xbox 360 and the framework will not be updated for the console which has not changed ? 
  context : the article was published on a website dedicated to windows phone . 
  show ms the finger and go ios and android first with monogame , 
  because if it is open source and the company just pulls the funding you are going to develop the framework yourself . 
  also lol can not be blamed for having more viewers . 
  best comment . 
  someone is watching live lol cast on gomtv right now instead of watching the actual sc2 tournament and they are blaming the caster or the other game for the reduced interest in sc2 , 
  yeah i feel like some people do n't really care about starcraft but they claim to follow it and engage in flamewars just to feel superior to the lol-playing casuals , 
  starcraft has never been the biggest e-sports game out there since cs was released but never before have i seen the shitfest that the recent lol debate caused . 
  would you prefer to watch imbalanced maps rather than stale metagame . 
  honest question with no obvious answer . 
  i would prefer imbalanced but diverse maps . 
  i did not say that cs was always more popular than sc2 . 
  i said that since cs sc was never the most popular game . 
  there were different games that at differnt points were more popular than sc including warcraft iii , dota ( count it as a separate game ) and lol . 
  i am perfectly sure for many years cs was more popular than sc1 in the us . 
  i do n't remember people hating on cs back then . 
  sorry my friend , we 're in the minority . 
  i even want air maps . 
  btw even hydras were useful in the close by ground spawns . 
  this is unrelated to other games . 
  mono is not exactly the same because it is not keeping alive a platform ms have abandoned . 
  if you have enough diversity thinks can balance out simply because there are many unknowns and there is room to evolve the metagame . 
  people who can evolve the metagame will win even with the weaker race . 
  how is this different especially when `` competently '' is not gold or plat but wcs finalist level ? 
  and the sc2 pro scene keeps using maps with large rush distance , easy to take third on the side , with no gold minerals , no cliffs or anything around the natural and the main . 
  guess which race is favoured by all this , 
  well they made sure all maps were the same and forced this playstyle so ... , 
  the meta or the maps . 
  first it started with the removal of strange things like cliffs over expansions ( lt ) , then they removed close spawns , then they removed small maps , then they made sure third base was easy to take , then they removed gold minerals ... so yes the metagame shifted , 
  then `` difficult '' is not the right word . 
  i always find it confusing when someone calls sc `` difficult '' as if the obstacles of the games are for one of the sides only . 
  i would argue but this is not the point of the comment . 
  if you do n't agree about gold minerals do you not agree about all other points ? 
  at this point it does n't really matter if you are using web forms or mvc to get your footer , 
  this was the common wisdom but i do not agree . 
  fruit dealer and nestea did not agree . 
  i am a random masters player since the game was released and i 've constantly had most wins with zerg and less with terran ( tracked by the race wins achievements counter and assuming relatively even number of games with each race out of random ) . 
  zergs just wanted to play every map the same way so badly and even if they were right there were so many nerfs to terran and buffs to zerg in the meantime . 
  also i do n't suggest that all maps should be steppes of war or lt but why not use 1 of these features to balance out maps . 
  add gold minerals to one map , add cliff over the natural to another , make the third one smaller , and make the third base harder to take on the fourth . 
  it 's not like it is auto-loss for zerg . 
  i do n't know how it will do but i know i will have tons of fun watching and playing it . 
  i was refering to xna as being abandoned , not . net,
