  larva inject is probably the worst offender here . 
  it is the most mindless task in the game and requires a lot of timely clicks . 
  on the other hand i really like how chrono used to work . 
  you had to decide for every use and the use depends on the game situation . 
  you may even choose not to use it and then boost several buildings at once . 
  it had strategic depth . 
  porting the app will cost a lot of development time proportional to the size of the app . 
  what i find interesting about this censorship thing is that people who participate in censored communities , delete friends they disagree with from facebook and so on are then very surprised to find out that trump wins the elections , that the national front in france gets 30 % that most people dislike muslims , etc. 
  they wonder where those people come from and even see conspiracies and do not realize that these are the people they silenced and they 've been doing it for so long that they have silenced like 50 % of the population . 
  you might want to check this thread :, 
  also unless your app is relatively simple i 'd recommend not using asp.net core in the coming year . 
  it is immature and lacks a lot of features . 
  if your app is simple enough you can use it for the performance benefits . 
  a bit closer to buying that tesla car with the 1 bitcoin i own , 
  when i say immature i do not mean that it will change . 
  i mean missing parts . 
  i have noted some ef features i am using and i hear there is no image resizing library . 
  and i have not even gone looking for things missing i just noted that these were things i am using quite often and somebody said they were not in yet . 
  you forgot brexit, 
  bitcoin may be an unwise investment but it is not just an investment . 
  it is a political statement . 
  you are giving microsoft ideas , 
  could n't they just download the data from pirate bay or something ? 
  it has been leaked so many times . 
  i doubt i will find myself defending the rights of muslims . 
  i honestly think nazism is more compatible with libertarian views than the true muslim teachings . 
  my interpretation of islam is consistent with the interpretation of isis . 
  i know that most muslims have different interpretation but i think they 've twisted the original intentions of the prophet which sum up to a world caliphate . 
  sure , the same way i would defend someone who believes in the supremacy of the aryan race . 
  for some absurd reason relic do not target competitive gaming for example in coh1 they sacrificed competitive features for realism on purpose . 
  i lost faith in the company right there and i decided to never give them any money because i thought coh was the only rts with more potential than sc . 
  i wonder if they will try to create a competitive scene around halo wars 2 . 
  being released for xbone and pc can make it quite interesting . 
  i never played halo wars 1 so i do not know how the controls work so i ca n't even imagine what a competitive halo wars scene might look like . 
  can it be more about strategy than mechanics ? 
  yeah i know that there is a competitive scene , what i meant is that in my opinion a company should build an rts game with the competitive scene as priority and not sacrifice quality of the competitive features in order to improve another aspect . 
  it is debatable if competitive play ships copies . 
  after a certain threshold for an rts you need competitive play to ship copies . 
  sc did n't end up on google doodle because of the single player mode or co op . 
  at one point the stats said 50 % played ladder but probably with time it is less . 
  however the mindshare that sc commands is related to competitive play . 
  even people who do not play ladder now played in some point in their life or at least watched . 
  no and i may be wrong . 
  i think it was from wol but now that i think of it it may be that 50 % played multiplayer which is not the same like 50 % played ladder . 
  yes now that i think of it it may have been that 50 % played the multiplayer which is not the same as ladder . 
  sure it does . 
  `` rts with more potential than sc '' counts for something in my book but i 'd rather see a company that does not want to develop that potential go under than tease me with potentially great games . 
  if i have to choose between working on c # web forms , legacy , enterprise app and java or node.js big data , cloud , distributed app i 'd take the c # app any day . 
  let c # be my cobol , i am happy to retire with it . 
  also in my experience all this is bullshit for the simple fact that in most applications building the ui takes 1/2 of the time ( true for desktop and web ) so someone will have to build these crud apps forever because the ui is the part that takes time anyway and they will need someone to put those grids on the screen before they need someone to bigify their data . 
  i do . 
  i also accept that it is badly behind in device driver development . 
  i do n't care . 
  i will use drivers and big data solutions written in other languages and call into them from my . net apps . 
  the real history makes the analogy better , 
  there are much more use cases than crud apps . 
  games , vr simulations , scientific stuff ( where c # is infinitely better than java due to operator overloading ) . 
  more like - it was never scary and dominant , why are we worried now ? 
  in addition tweet to various ms twitter accounts . 
  like these :, 
  like every big company ms tries to be politically correct and leans left for marketing reasons but compared to apple , google , facebook and twitter microsoft is probably the most objective and well-behaved tech company . 
  i doubt they did that on purpose and if there is enough outcry i am sure they will fix it . 
  you think shooters is bad ? 
  imagine cross-platform rts ( halo wars 2 ? ), 
  i see a what of people debating it including in this very thread . 
  how can it be over ? 
  the hassle is real and it is indeed painful however note that you are not paying this price for a `` fairly thin level of protection '' . 
  you are paying it for modern javascript features as well so you get the protection and properly scoped variable declarations , modules , lambdas , classes , for of loops , etc. 
  on top of that you get tooling support . 
  note that the hassle is still here if you do n't get typing and use babel . 
  you pay the same price but you do n't get tooling and protection . 
  what is the amount of money made from mining in the same time period ? 
  then it seems like miners have incentive to support increased adoption over fees . 
  they are acting stupid . 
  on the other hand i do n't mind if another cryptocurrency becomes the standard . 
  miners will surely move once it yields more profit . 
  lost it all . 
  i assume you want to test the site ? 
  here comes the bug report . 
  sometimes i spin on almost max and the wheel will move just 1 section and the amount is not affected . 
  also the sum after a win is displayed in a message and flashes in the balance textbox but then the old value is displayed and i have to refresh the site to see the new value . 
  using microsoft edge . 
  before reading this note that i know relatively little about ethereum so it may be factually wrong . 
  ethereum is an alternative to bitcoin . 
  the main difference is that it supports the so called smart contracts . 
  the ethereum blockchain has the option to execute scripts . 
  imagine that we place a bet on a football match so if england wins i get the money and if russia wins you get the money . 
  we write a script to check a service and if the result is a win for england the network sends the money to my address otherwise it sends it to yours . 
  i do n't know if this specific contract is possible since the script has limitations but you get the idea . 
  apparently there is something called the dao which is something like a hedge fund smart contract where many people put their ether . 
  somebody hacked the smart contract ( not the network itself ) and is able to drain funds . 
  the value of the funds on the dao was something like $ 200 million ( obviously the price of ether crashed after the event ), 
  when people write comments like this i ca n't say if they are trolling or simply do not know what typescript is . 
  yes but it seems to be super brutal as it is holding 1/5th of all ether value . 
  they are discussing a hard fork ( effectively restoring from backup ) which can undermine the promise of immutable blockchain . 
  also as far as i understand to publish a smart contract you need approval from the devs and they failed at auditing their most valuable contract . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  what scripts does bitcoin execute ? 
  it was a security critical bug . 
  not the first one in the history of software .
