  on the other hand it is possible that trump will develop a strong opinion against marijuana . 
  he is known for staying away from drugs and drinking because his brother died from drinking or something so he is unlikely to be very sympathetic with anything close to drugs . 
  if i ever worked at unlimited vacation company they will either fire me or change the policy . 
  hell , i am currently working a 4 day work week and i have sacrificed income for that . 
  they can try me with the unlimited vacation bullshit and see how this works out . 
  yeah but trump can still replace the guy with someone who would not enforce the law . 
  i mean the same law was there under obama but was not enforced . 
  when people in the us say 4-5 weeks of vacation how do they count the weeks ? 
  where i live we count days and when we take vacation we only use vacation days for the work days . 
  for example 20 days vacation are effectively 4 weeks . 
  i do have unlimited internet just not unlimited speed . 
  i am not sure there ever was a vision ( including for starcraft i ) but i do n't understand why they insist on changing everything so often . 
  why not smaller changes to fix the balance rather than constant `` redesign '' ? 
  you mean like what happens in africa ? 
  money to help feed people in africa at all time high number of people starving also at all time high . 
  interestingly during the great depression it is hard to confirm anyone even died from starvation while in the same time people in ukraine were quite literally eating their dead relatives and millions starved because the government does such a great job caring for the poor . 
  talk about bankrupt system ... 
  i rarely donate to charities but i feel like if i did n't know that the government was taking 40 % of my income ( in my country it is 40 + % ) i would donate much more ( say 10 % ) even if my net income was the same . 
  it is not that i do not have money to donate it is the idea that i have already donated via my taxes much more than i would want to . 
  something , something ... skype, 
  what cpu ? 
  so the core that is the actual bottleneck of the cpu is probably pretty stressed it is just that the other cores are idle . 
  faster cpu ( as opposed to one with more cores ) will increase the performance in these mass battles . 
  yeah but utilizing these cores is not a trivial problem to solve . 
  probably easier to optimize heavily for single core than use more than 2, 
  estonians will be really offended that you call them russians, 
  good point . 
  still do n't call them russians , 
  this is the killerest feature since v1 when they added lambdas and types , 
  you specify what target ( es3 , es5 , es6 ) you want and typescript would not allow you to use features that are not supported for the specified target . 
  does anyone else think the spread/rest thing is a travesty ? 
  it has totally ugly syntax and in general it is not trivial to follow when you read a significant portion of code . 
  i wonder if i can configure a linter to block it . 
  or just being pragmatic and making it easier for the mainstream dev to handle async operations in mainstream languages . 
  yeah i think it only works for language constructs not for the standard library . 
  yeah i know it is not the ts team fault . 
  i do n't mind what the operator does although i think it goes too far into syntactic sugar land but the dots syntax just makes my head explode . 
  some keyword would be so much better, 
  can someone explain why we ca n't deprecate everything we dislike with ` use strict ' - style evolution ? 
  i 'm not even trying it for education purposes until that release they are planning for summer 2017 . 
  they basically told me they are going to change a lot of things so i am only reading the blogposts because what 's the point of learning about project.json if it is going away ? 
  google are showing interest in . net not in c # and it is because of their cloud platform not because of android . 
  this is a content-free telerik marketing post . 
  still not that bad for a reddit discussion . 
  but ` use strict ' does not remove features . 
  it disables them and in some corner cases changes minor behavior . 
  for example we do n't like var . 
  we introduce let/const and wait 5-6-7 years then add ` use even stricter ' which raises an error when var is used . 
  problem solved - var is gone , everything is backward compatible . 
  of course they do need to support it but this is not the main problem with js . 
  this is a minor problem with js . 
  the main problem is that it is easy to write broken code and tools ( i.e. 
  var , this , etc. ), 
  behave in stupid and unexpected ways from the point of view of a person with experience in other languages . 
  it probably means that they wanted to type 2016 and 2017 . 
  it will feel good if i am wrong . 
  oh boy just read more of the post . 
  i am indeed wrong . 
  2 years of funding - alive gaem !, 
  they only add complexity if they add or change things . 
  they are pretty simple if they simply disable stuff . 
  it is ok if it is in the voluntary contract . 
  this video is useless . 
  which eula ? 
  also eulas are not legally binding in europe . 
  do you need to use specific programming language for the assignments ? 
  annoying but i guess it is hard to build a language neutral course . 
  3 years old . 
  there should be another one with the new realities . 
  something related i wrote some time ago - http://sietch.net/viewnewsitem.aspx?newsitemid=142, 
  on a side note explicitly implemented interface implementations are not private . 
  they are not accessible from a variable of a different static type other than the interface but this is different from private . 
  it is not like windows rt did not work . 
  in fact this is basically windows rt + emulation for x86 . 
  windows on arm works fine the question is if the x86 emulation will work . 
  it will be cool if it works , 
  no , this requires the upcoming snapdragon, 
  and then you have bill gates - 2 in 1, 
  did very well with pixar though and then the ipod , the iphone and the ipad, 
  i do n't know how much he had to do but wiki says he was a major shareholder, 
  none of the 2 stands for `` saint '', 
  we in eastern europe will beat that price . 
  if it was a european country it would n't be a problem but with the us having insane incarceration rates for victimless crimes it might makes sense to go galt and boycott the profession . 
  not that you are obliged to do anything about the current situation you just have to not make it worse to match libertarian ideology . 
  i am not saying that this is not the case . 
  i am saying that the us is kind of a worst offender in the western world on victimless incarcerations . 
  in theory of people are unwilling to work for the prison system the price of incarceration will go up and the government may reconsider who is worthy of being put in jail . 
  of course that 's a very minor thing i would not even think of bringing it up as a non-libertarian thing if it was not the topic of the thread . 
  probably your friend is trolling you, 
  i do n't want performance i want them to backport the functionality from the full framework that is missing . 
  give me signalr , give me image processing ( i do n't care that it was implemented via gdi ) , give me ooxml sdk , give me entity framework that actually works . 
  yeah except that they did n't start with a gamedev runtime . 
  they started with a web-only runtime . 
  the signalr is a beta right ? 
  the official resources only list signalr 2 and the full framework as a platform . 
  ef core currently sucks . 
  it ca n't handle half the real world queries and it is missing a lot of features . 
  i do n't care what they will do i just want production ready , out of the box , officially supported by microsoft way to crop a picture . 
  i know all of this . 
  i know it will be fine some day .
