  definitely yes . 
  however note that things like region lock reduce my desire to watch . 
  a foreigner playing well is one thing , a foreigner playing in kindergarten mode is irrelevant . 
  my desire is only increased if the foreigner competes against the top not if they are just playing in some tournament with other foreigners . 
  yes . 
  this is why i think people who like cheesy games have been chased out of the game . 
  i think most people actually quit in wol . 
  hots small uptake was a result of curiosity about new expansion . 
  each time you are artificially protected it is `` kindergarten mode '' - those tournament for lower leagues that do not allow players from higher leagues - kindergarten mode !, 
  still not legitimate enough . 
  especially if those player actually win . 
  ok lets see who will remain at the end . 
  i am quite stubborn and may endure even bigger maps with even more protected naturals  i hope we ( people who love cheese ) will manage to chase away the macro game proponents and push blizzard to put steppes of war back on the ladder . 
  if you were going to make meaningless argument you could have made it in the context of starcraft like this : `` til wcs korea is `` kindergarten mode '' because it is region locked '', 
  well i do give a shit if people dislike it since i care about the popularity of the game . 
  what i do n't like is that the game is originally cheesy and it is changing in another direction . 
  interestingly raven mech with planetary fortresses is one of the other styles i play , 
  i 'm a bit surprised , after all turtle is a kind of macro , 
  i have had the same thoughts before . 
  specifically i imagined something like faster production without warp gates . 
  adding a stronger unit that can not be produced is a good option too . 
  i hope they implement it . 
  i guess you feel morally superior for not playing certain style ? 
  the only thing i use to measure superiority of players is wins , 
  i just love this . 
  i have a whole facebook album with screenshots of people raging at me and accusing me of map hack but this beats any of mine . 
  on a more serious note it is entirely possible to have a build that beats gm but loses in lower league . 
  i used to use mc 's fake 3 gate expand into nexus cancel into 5 gates back in the wol days and i won against a gm in a tournament but i have lost with it vs diamond on the ladder ( i was masters back then ) . 
  the mind games simply do not work against lesser players because they do not think or scout that much . 
  i felt really stupid all these times that i had to cancel the nexus but it was never actually scouted , 
  i do not have a problem with imbalance . 
  people who think a strategy is imbalanced should use that strategy to earn money from tournaments ( i.e. 
  put their money where their mouth is ), 
  it shows superiority in the choice of race . 
  it is not like the other person is banned from using that race . 
  that 's like someone choosing to play with only marines and then declaring his superiority because obviously it requires more skill to win with only marines than with the full set of units . 
  as pointed out i do not care about balance only about the player 's ability to win . 
  for me the game works on one level above the actual gameplay . 
  if someone is so stubborn and refuses to use a strategy that is better then he is a bad player , period . 
  the only thing that counts are wins ( preferably in tournaments ) . 
  `` superior '' is a matter of definition . 
  mine is `` winner '' . 
  they are not . 
  they do not play to the agreed rules and what is even more important is that they do not stand a chance in tournaments . 
  sigh ... another `` i want to play nice macro games '' thread . 
  seems like i am the only one left who likes 1 base plays but i promise to cheese and rush to the end !, 
  i never managed to get angry at a map hacker even when i lost to one . 
  i almost always blocked mentally trying to understand the logic behind cheating in video games . 
  it seems like these people really manage to reject the reality and do think that everyone else is cheating too despite the evidence . 
  nope , you are just pretending that you do not understand my definition as if my definition is a legal contract or something that should clarify what every word means . 
  even in law there is the concept of `` reasonable '' meaning . 
  obviously no reasonable person will think seeing the win screen when cheating is actual winning . 
  my definition is used in tournaments , 
  but it is closely related to the definition of the word winner . 
  it means you were the superior player in that particular game ( if you insist we may clarify that this assumes playing to the rules as set by blizzard and/or the tournament organizer ) . 
  it may not mean that you are superior in general but if you consistently win with cheese , turtle mech or whatever you are superior . 
  for example that guy bitbybit who played in the early gsl was superior to most of the players he beat because he managed to do it consistently 3 reasons in a row and all he did was mass some marines and pull scvs . 
  marineking was also superior to the players of the time with similar strategies . 
  there were jokes about him learning that there is a second resource in the game that is used to make units which are not marines . 
  still he was superior and so is any player who cheeses or turtles ( be it swarm hosts , mass raven mech or whatever ) as long as he can win consistently . 
  but people who cheese and/or turtle do it every game . 
  if they can maintain lets say diamond level they they are superior to platinum players who macro and play standard . 
  after all some players have been able to maintain gsl code s levels for multiple seasons off of cheese . 
  i am not assuming all races and especially strategies are balanced . 
  if someone likes to play mass carrier for example and loses because of that i think his opponent is a superior player . 
  superior players play the style that wins . 
  allow me to introduce you to the term [ scrub ] ( http://www.sirlin.net/ptw-book/introducingthe-scrub ) if someone chooses not to play the winning strategy ( within the rules of the game ) then he is not superior , he is a scrub . 
  ok if you think i am using the word `` superior '' incorrectly or simply want to own its meaning i have no problem with that . 
  i will instead use `` wins more money per tournament game '' . 
  if someone manages to win more money per tournament game while playing cheesy or turtle mech then by definition he wins more money per tournament game  this is the thing i want to learn and the thing i want to watch as a viewer . 
  this is what competitive games are about - competition . 
  yes if the meta shifts players should switch races ( of course they do n't because the meta does not shift that severely in practice ) . 
  in the old days probably up to 2003 there were people who race picked based on the map and the opponent race even in the highest stages of wcg . 
  i think fisheye made it to semi finals by race picking . 
  he switched races based on the meta and got monetary reward for that . 
  i surely want to see this again . 
  there are also the players who get more money per tournament win by being able to follow the meta . 
  for example mc and mvp ( prior to his injury ) . 
  they have switched various styles of both macro and cheese play through their careers depending on what worked in the meta at the time . 
  the fun thing is that no matter what the community or blizzard wants the meta will always shift and players who ride it more effectively will get paid for this . 
  it is unavoidable if we want to have tournaments . 
  you just pay the prize money to the winner no matter if he cheesed or turtled or used some imbalance . 
  you either use the imba or go home . 
  and php developers can not be bothered to think what data structure they really need . 
  most of them probably would n't know the difference anyway . 
  uhm ... c # has an unified syntax for hashes , arrays and lists without all the evil . 
  ok then . 
  c++ came years before php . 
  yes in c++ it is done via operator overloading and is available from the 80s depending on the compiler . 
  according to a friend of mine i asked the official standard is probably c++ 98 but then again it is not like php has a standard at all . 
  well some people are still using php so we probably need to bring it . 
  i am not on a crusade but we should all contribute when we can . 
  i meant contribute to the death of php . 
  1 ) if cheese is not effective i do n't see why anyone would have a problem with cheese . 
  it should be like a free win or something  also there are many examples of cheesing players that made money . 
  maybe the most stunning was marine king in his first year . 
  also boxer is probably the cheesiest player ever and he is also the most famous progamer ever , 
  2 ) i think your second point contradicts the first point . 
  cheese is either effective or not effective . 
  3 ) history knows both players who race pick and players who play random .
