  sounds good . 
  i may make a second attempt at some point but my first one ended in complete failure . 
  my girlfriend who plays a lot of games ( mainly shooters and semi rpgs like borderlands and some team starcraft ) even have troubles telling dota2 and lol apart , 
  obviously i severely underestimated the market for cosmetics . 
  as for valve it is obvious that as a company they are doing just fine . 
  to be honest it seems like in the last 5 years they are making games just for fun as steam probably brings 5 times more revenue than their games . 
  well blizzard can just increase the minimum requirements with time and handle the technical problem with skins . 
  while i am obviously negative ( i hate the concept of micro transactions and i would rather pay monthly subscription ) i do n't understand what you are referring to when you say i have my mind set on games failing . 
  well ok . 
  if someone can get hooked just on hype . 
  i tried watching the first one and despite my best effort surrendered after 30 minutes of not understanding anything . 
  strange . 
  i do n't think i know a single person who plays games and does not have a steam account . 
  consider me mind-blown . 
  before so many people stomped me in this thread for stating cosmetics may not have longevity i did not realize how big the market for cosmetics could be . 
  i guess we learn something every day even at the price of downvotes , 
  and this is how it should be . 
  countries should compete on taxes like companies compete on price . 
  well , then the countries may reduce their taxes and not drive companies to bermuda . 
  owed ? 
  the government declares that companies owe it money , companies do n't agree . 
  maybe they can drive apple out of the country to force them to pay . 
  i bet it will be good for the us and its citizens if all profitable companies move elsewhere ... 
  i 've tried watching dota2 ( and lol for that matter ) more than one time and i ca n't understand anything ( i have never played lol and only played like 10 games of dota back when it became popular ) . 
  no amount of hype can make me watch a game i can not understand . 
  by comparison i would happily watch this event if it was in lets say world of tanks even though i 've never played the game . 
  good luck watching this , you 'll need it . 
  for teams it is a big deal because they lose viewers which translates into losing sponsors . 
  for fans or the game in general not so much . 
  prepare to not understand anything . 
  taken from experience . 
  how does the fact that it is a team game make it more interesting ? 
  big deal . 
  these are just regional finals . 
  get them to watch the actual finals . 
  so what you are saying is that blizzard should reduce the wcs 4 times to make it an annual event . 
  i am ok with this but i guess most people here would hate it . 
  so what ? 
  there are a ton of other sc2 events . 
  what if sc2 loses this weekend . 
  big deal just one of the many regional finals . 
  the p.r. 
  department in ms are the worst i swear !, 
  from windows , through xbox to their enterprise stuff and even people who think the names for their development tools are full of shit . 
  for example who thought it was a good idea to give their flagship dev platform a name that is a top level domain and also a shortened version of internet - . net ? 
  i am much bigger fan of the kinect than i am a fan of console gaming ( i am pretty big fan of pc gaming ) . 
  kinect is the only reason i own a console . 
  from my position what they are doing with kinect ( i.e. 
  bundling it ) is really cool . 
  if this xbox generation needs to be sacrificed for kinect to get stronger then i am fine with it . 
  nope . 
  i am serious . 
  i never saw any need to own a console since i play mostly rts and shooter games and playing these with a controller is really painful . 
  i do play certain amounts of other game genres but usually the pc ports are enough for me . 
  the only time i thought about consoles was when favorite fighting franchises like street fighter and mortal kombat were not released on pc but luckily sfiv was released on pc . 
  then kinect came and as soon as i tried i was under its spell . 
  bought an xbox 360 two weeks later . 
  at the same time mortal kombat was released and a pc version was not announced back then so i plaid this on the console . 
  i also decided to catch up with halo and played every game in the series except halo wars so now i can verify that playing with a controller is truly inferior to mouse and keyboard for shooter games . 
  the halo games were great though . 
  in addition i am convinced motion controls are an innovation on the scale of the mouse , touch and voice input and i believe they will be everywhere in the future . 
  i want the future to arrive faster . 
  it 's not deeper . 
  in fact team games are usually shallower but compensate with the required teamwork . 
  if you are interested in strategy and tactics dota is ( probably ) inferior to most 1 vs 1 competitive games like sc , quake or street fighter . 
  if you find teamwork and issues like morale interesting then team games may be more interesting to you . 
  btw i wonder why the sc community does not promote the sc team games . 
  it is not like they are much worse than dota especially in the 2 vs 2 mode . 
  to me the first part sounds like saying that adding more units and/or races to an rts game will make it more interesting to watch because there are more variables . 
  on the other hand i think that the current map pool is just sad and may be replaced by a single map so certainly there are not as many variables as there can be in sc2 . 
  the wol beta map pool was so much better . 
  do n't worry you 'll find your problem at some point . 
  it is there somewhere in those 20k lines , 
  this article helped me move coffeescript in my list of `` wtf ?! '', 
  languages . 
  it was quite useful to me as i may have considered using it had n't i read this . 
  at first i found the thing described in the blog post hard to believe so i came here and checked the comments . 
  nobody said the guy was wrong . 
  i just feel this is really bad language design . 
  of course one may argue that this is desired but even if this is true in general i know that i wo n't get along with this style of language . 
  i am used to languages that protect me and i like to write code that protects me ( for example if i have a switch statement with several cases i put an exception in the default so that if a case is added later it wo n't just skip the switch statement silently ) . 
  i know i wo n't get along with a language that does not even protect me from introducing variable with the same name in a parent scope . 
  ruby has been in my list of wtf languages for a long time . 
  i think i might just add each and every language that does not enforce declaration of variables . 
  i believe you can create an us character with eu account these days though i am too lazy to get up and go to my gaming machine to try it , 
  oh yes it is !, 
  especially if you have n't designed your data and security for public api usage . 
  although this api is read-only so it must be a lot easier than most apis . 
  am i missing something or there are no docs for the shape of the objects returned by the api and we have to look at the data it returns to see that ? 
  i guess they had other things to do in these three years . 
  like release an expansion , 
  \u041e\u041a but certainly the data has some shape . 
  twitter 's api is also json but their docs do list the fields and their meaning, 
  if i was n't so lazy i may even consider documenting the objects myself and sending a pull request for the docs . 
  but i am so lazy , 
  it is obvious to me that the internet infrastructure is not ready to handle the load required to transmit first person information produced by flash 's apm . 
  the best we have is video but then i am sure videos miss a lot of things since we would need 500 fps high speed cameras to capture all that flash does . 
  the lack of first person camera in starcraft ii is necessary optimization so that flash can play this game . 
  if it is not obvious i am joking . 
  or am i ...
