  one has the option to do so if he feels it is better or try to hard counter the imba meta . 
  everyone chooses what he feels work best be it cheese , race switching , macro . 
  one has to do what provides the greatest chance for a win . 
  i do n't hate php devs i want to save them , 
  the language did n't force the developers to write bad code . 
  the language allowed them to do it . 
  the example given with a required parameter before an optional one is certainly something a good language would prevent . 
  1 ) if you want the most money you should be able to switch styles . 
  this is what the most effective players did . 
  except boxer he cheesed all the time . 
  2 ) ok so everyone who does n't cheese chose the wrong strategy . 
  you should always choose the strategy that provides the highest chance for success unless of course you are practicing . 
  3 ) if there are no top tier random players this proves that the imbalances are minor and practice outweighs the advantage of the imbalance . 
  1 ) marine king disagrees . 
  he did n't build a factory until he got a second place in the gsl so he first learned to win then to macro . 
  you can certainly get to at least low pro level only off of cheese . 
  of course in practice it is nowhere as easy as you make it sound . 
  even then by your definition players who cheese should win less than you essentially boosting you up . 
  after all with cheese the lesser player only increases his chances but never boosts it over 50 %, 
  2 ) maybe for you the ladder is a place to practice but for someone else it may be the place to cheese , for yet somebody else it may be the place to practice against cheese and someone might just want the points . 
  if you feel the ladder is not a good place to practice go find another place to practice . 
  note that i do n't expect to win any money ( i actually won enough money to fund the travel to the next national tournament when i was 15-18 and placed within modest price ranges on quite a few of them ) . 
  i was just giving extreme examples with the money . 
  just assume that ladder points and the tears of the people i beat are my reward for playing . 
  oh btw did i tell you how on my current level ( i.e. 
  diamond ) i managed to cheese a high masters player out of dreamhack 2:0 and then proceeded to lose to another diamond player who qualified for the next stage ? 
  3 ) i am not admitting anything i am trying to point the contradiction in your logic you refuse to see . 
  of course imbalanced exist but they are a good thing . 
  imbalances shift the meta and they promote thinking and adaptive players over mechanical players . 
  yes the protoss players who are winning at the time are superior . 
  not due to talent or hard work but because they managed to ride the meta and find how to exploit the game . 
  remember that they can do something that the other players ca n't learn in a reasonable time because otherwise the other players would switch . 
  1 ) true we do n't know that for mkp but we actually know that boxer could n't macro well and was floating in minerals while he performed his miracles . 
  and yes they are outliers so what . 
  i can give more examples but i prefer to give the most notable one . 
  my point is that you can get to the very top on the back of cheese . 
  2 ) my definition of superior is simply `` winning '' but you started talking about maphacks so i decided to make it super concrete by involving money . 
  3 ) so what if protoss players did n't improve ? 
  if everybody else broke a finger protoss players would suddenly be superior despite not having improved . 
  if i win , i win and that 's it . 
  would anyone complain about cheese if it always lost ? 
  probably not but if someone wins with cheese this is as deserved of a win as with macro . 
  i do n't care if my definition of superior is meaningless to you because it is the only one that matters . 
  it is the definition that distributes money and ladder points . 
  they give these things to the people who win no matter if they cheese or if their opponent has a broken finger . 
  there will always be people who use the easiest playstyle if it increases their chances no matter if it is cheese or turtle or whatever because this is the nature of competitive games - to try to get the win . 
  i get the idea that when you practice winning may not be important but where did you get the idea that ladder should be a good place for practice ? 
  i mean it has rewards ( be it points and leagues ) for winning so people are trying to win to earn those points . 
  your definition of `` easier '' seems to be `` increases the chances on lower level but does not allow for a player to be a top player '' am i correct ? 
  if so why do you care about cheese ? 
  after all when you get good enough it wo n't matter anyway . 
  as i have already said i do not see that many build order wins . 
  i see cheeses caught at exactly the right time to take decision making into uncharted territory . 
  and yes the outcome is often decided in a few crucial seconds but so what ? 
  these seconds are still more exciting than an hour of macro game precisely because we know they decide the game . 
  also i do n't see people winning macro games due to playing smart . 
  i see them winning due to superior mechanics above everything else . 
  with cheese at least we eliminate mechanics to a degree . 
  yes , lets eliminate mechanics . 
  what you describe as intelligence seems like pure muscle memory to me . 
  i 'd rather take sos 's cannon rushes . 
  also back and forth is not interesting by itself even noob players have back and forth games . 
  my favorite game is still nestea vs sen from one of the early gsls where nestea made a brilliant move to sac a natural hatchery to get time to morph banelings and proceed to win with a counter attack . 
  it was just a 6-7 minute game on lost temple but that move was so beautiful that i do not think i was ever more impressed from a game . 
  i 'd rather see 1 move like this in a game than 30 minutes of players measuring their mechanics . 
  i do not think that it is excessive that you have to deal with cheese because if everyone is cheesing you and you are still at 50/50 ( because everyone but the very top players is at 50/50 ) then obviously you can not deal with cheese reliably . 
  after all you said that cheese gets less effective on higher levels . 
  if you learn to deal with it like a pro you will be very close to a pro . 
  i already told you why ladder is not about practice . 
  because it does not reward practice it rewards winning . 
  there are no points for better practice or something . 
  unless they change how the reward system for the ladder works it can not be about practice . 
  but the real question here is why you waste your time with sc2 instead of playing starbow ? 
  if cheese is getting more effective on higher levels then you should see less cheese as you go higher on the ladder . 
  after all you claimed that the best players do not ( mainly ) cheese . 
  also if cheesing is a bad way for practice why are n't you happy that cheesers are basically giving you a free pass by refusing to improve . 
  after all the ladder is percentage based and if cheesers were practicing correctly the ladder would be harder for you . 
  i do admit that cheese is easier in the sense that it requires less mechanical skill and therefore less practice . 
  i am not sure what you mean by `` forgiving '' . 
  however i do n't see how cheese being easier to execute makes it less interesting . 
  so everything points to the fact that the ladder is a bad place to practice macro playstyle but you continue to insist to use it that way . 
  also if cheese is effective for 99 % of the players then it makes sense to play cheese until you reach the top 1 % . 
  or the top 10 players like mkp did , 
  i never argued that cheese is harder mechanically . 
  in fact this is one of the main reasons i like it . 
  it eliminates mechanics . 
  and yes there are imbalances in playstyles . 
  i simply do n't understand why anyone would choose the harder one . 
  btw my opinion is that terran is much harder than the other two races ( as a random player i actually have stats to prove it ) . 
  specifically controlling and splitting marines against splash is much harder than anything you are required to do with the other races . 
  now it seems like if you play on the top with 200 + apm terran becomes at least as effective as the other races . 
  still i do n't see why terran players complain about this imbalance on lower levels . 
  no matter what blizzard do there will always be a playstyle easier than the others and people will use it . 
  it is ok if the more effective playstyle is harder to execute but this is exactly your claim - macro is harder but more effective when you master it . 
  so either everything is fine ( weaker and easier playstyle vs harder and more effective one ) or you are wrong to assume cheese is easier . 
  i have not played starbow but i suspect it requires more mechanics and i have no interest in improving my mechanics . 
  i find the process extremely boring and the result not satisfying or worth of respect ( btw i have no respect for football players for the same reason ) . 
  i disagree that cheese does not require multitasking and economy management . 
  also i continue to claim that you are wrong and in my experience as a viewer and a player a great deal of the cheese games ( maybe 30 + % ) do develop into macro games . 
  i regularly start with cheese and end with maxed army in a single game and i have seen this in tournaments multiple times .
