  how come they did not allow that for team games for 5 years ? 
  well if you are into a currency that is created specifically to avoid any kind of authority you can expect that the community will be the kind that hates any kind of authority . 
  well it is easy to see how changes can be made to shift the team games in whatever direction one desires using the same logic like the chrono boost . 
  simply change interactions with allies . 
  zerg + terran too strong - make medivacs unable to heal allies . 
  if the current interactions are not enough to balance the game introduce mechanics that only work on allies . 
  according to the stats posted here by some guy ( ladder by numbers something ) team games are played by about the same amount of people as 1 vs 1 ( of course many of these are the same people who play 1 vs 1 and also team games ) . 
  the point here is that the current investment in team games would indicate that the player base is 0 . 
  how many lan team events have there been ? 
  with hundreds if not thousands of lan tournaments in 1 vs 1 it is reasonable to expect at least one team tournament but no . 
  the tournaments you linked have been great and received disproportional amount of views and praise compared to the investment in the tournaments . 
  they had cheap production and were online events still they got a lot of viewers , probably more than 1 vs 1 online events . 
  but what about blizzard ? 
  they had spent millions to promote wcs and gsl through the years and are subsidizing the events . 
  1 vs 1 is not left to live or die on its own merits . 
  on the other hand they did n't sponsor a single team event ever . 
  they are in fact actively making team games the laughing stock by getting progamers to play joke matches on their 1 vs 1 events and reinforce the perception that 2 vs 2 can not possibly be serious . 
  your ( and other people 's ) opposition to introducing gm for team games is exactly the thing i was sarcastic about . 
  it is literally 0 investment to introduce one but it looks as if someone is trying to devalue team games on purpose . 
  also note that archon mode was in sc1 . 
  it was called team melee and everyone hated it . 
  now the marketing is working and everyone suddenly loves it . 
  i have noticed a certain pattern in several local politicians and various other types including some starcraft players . 
  if you roleplay too long and too hard after a while you start to believe your own shit and become what you pretend to be . 
  your opinion is exactly what i am talking about . 
  of course i do n't believe in a real conspiracy . 
  i believe more in a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  the community and blizzard just constantly repeat that team games ca n't work and downplay any example of cases where they worked just fine . 
  people who hold this position are so reluctant to admit they are wrong that they are actively harming the scene just to stay right . 
  interesting how it is ok to devalue masters by having it as a league for team games but gm is off limits . 
  archon mode is fine too despite that obviously it will devalue gm in exactly the same way . 
  and finally you point out that team games are n't the competitive mode in sc2 but they were quite competitive for quite some time in sc1 . 
  you point to dotas as an example of team games so why ca n't you see that stomping team games is directly shrinking the community . 
  what blizzard and the community have done is essentially chased away everybody who loves starcraft and team games at the same time . 
  sc does n't have the massive player base and part of the reason is that team players were forced to look elsewhere and they found a warm welcome in the hands of riot and valve . 
  maybe most of these players would have gone there anyway but this community and blizzard not only did not make any effort to keep them but is effectively pushing them to leave . 
  and then we complain about the shrinking player base ... 
  it is not dead . 
  it is done . 
  well , i still ca n't . 
  and terrible video player . 
  i would pay gsl premium subscription money for a 2 day worth of lan 2 vs 2 tournament with players who qualified ( rather than random pros playing together ) . 
  so why should n't automated spells be in sc ? 
  want to heal manually ? 
  it is not because the queen becomes a target for harass . 
  same like the workers . 
  we do n't just upgrade the mining capacity of a hatchery we build workers which are a target for enemy harass . 
  why would it be weird?i think it would be very cool to have that place where you are hiding your larva and when the opponent finds it he feels like he found the alien nest, 
  tl ; dr ; please, 
  ideally we are trying to make the inject interesting . 
  we only want to remove it because the current one is extremely stupid . 
  sure but the price of type checks on assignment is still there . 
  i guess the jitter does some clever things to reduce the cost but still ... 
   i normally explicitly create one scope per case block , just for consistency 's sake, 
  i thought i was the only one doing that !, 
  i write switch statements like this, 
  switch ( a ), 
  case `` a '' :, 
  / / do something, 
  } break ;, 
  i put the break outside to reinforce the fact that it is part of the syntax of switch rather than my logic . 
  other valid ways to leave a case - return , throw , continue, 
  maybe the upper case has additional logic and the lower case completes it . 
  pretty rare to be useful in practice . 
  in c # you can achieve it with a goto in case you need it . 
  i actually have done it in a real world code - http://bfforwp.codeplex.com/sourcecontrol/latest#bf/interpreter.cs, 
  ( this is a brainfuck interpreter , the goto is in the executestep method ) . 
  i do n't know if it can be done better but for some reason i decided to do it like this back then ... 
  oh , did n't know that . 
  thanks . 
  i am not sure i understood your argument correctly but if you are saying that if you tell it where to go it is not fall-through then i agree that fall-through is not necessary . 
  so executing code and falling to the next case is not fall-through in your vocabulary . 
  in my specific case i left the goto and switch because as i see it this follows pretty well how brainfuck is described . 
  it is described with jumps . 
  yeah i just did n't know it was a valid syntax . 
  i will change it . 
  well if you insist on making such a list it is bound to sound like an endorsement of c # . 
  it is by far the best-designed language out of the ones you mentioned and probably out of any mainstream language ( no , f # and scala do not count as mainstream ), 
  so do you have a bottom 10 list that is not gon na sound like an endorsement of c # if you compare it to the bottom 10 of php , js , ruby and python ? 
  yes , devs on the . net stack learn less . 
  in the last couple of months i worked on a java project and on a pure front-end project . 
  i learned a lot . 
  i wish i never had to waste months of my life on this crap . 
  i learned to download stuff with command-line npm run gulp tasks to uglify.js my javascript which was produced by another gulp task that ran babel.js on the output of another gulp task that parsed react.js 's jsx and there were several more that i do n't remember . 
  i wish i was kidding . 
  on the java project things are only slightly worse . 
  these are things that are totally uninteresting , change every couple of months and only exist in this form because there is no single vendor to unify them and produce a de facto standard as is the case with the vs toolchain . 
  with vs you just install for a couple of hours and then hit the green play button and the project is running . 
  edit : oh crap just noticed the question said `` earn '' rather than `` learn '', 
  well this is a bottom 10 list . 
  how are you supposed to make such a lie without being critical ? 
  so how does a good framework help with the fact that you should install and configure every piece of the toolchain yourself ? 
  hell , at one point i was configuring a builder in eclipse . 
  i do n't know if you even can configure a builder in visual studio let alone seen a need to do it . 
  i can pretend that my comment is still relevant . 
  `` non . net devs have to put up with this bullshit which almost amounts to working in hazardous environment so it makes sense to be paid more '', 
  so what 's the big deal with static classes as a container for functions ? 
  do n't forget to add this for ( arranged ) team games, 
  yeah get rid of the mothership core but leave the mothership, 
  trump is right in the sense that if you have a law it should be observed .
