  well if they had to ask for a budget 10 times larger politicians will have trouble giving it to them . 
  even if they are willing to give this money at some point they will just ruin the economy and it wo n't have resource to fund the project . 
  normally i would support people fighting but not getting their hopes too high . 
  after all the statistics are statistics for a reason . 
  but as tb points out himself he is quite a bit younger than the average patient so he has a very real chance of being an outlier . 
  as far as i know many cancer patients die because their bodies get weak from the treatment . 
  if he can endure the treatment he may have quite a lot of time to live . 
  i wonder how long the outliers lived . 
  can somebody link to the proper wiki article on the subject since liver cancer is obviously not the correct one . 
  sadly the better doctors are telling him there is no treatment ( and they are probably right ) but lets hope that diets and chemo can keep tb alive quite a bit longer than usual . 
  lets hope that his younger body can keep him alive and in good conditions longer than what is expected . 
  this is not how it works . 
  once you have cancer there is a high risk that it can return any time - https://xkcd.com/931/, 
  i already forgot most of my cryptography course but apparently no . 
  the numbers are used as exponents mod ( n ) so it is not as simple as dividing . 
  in my opinion security gets worse . 
  it is easy to pump up the keys , much easier than breaking them . 
  purely technically security gets better . 
  however security is not some algorithm . 
  with time old data will become vulnerable and chances are the algorithms will not be updated and when old data leaks you may be using your old password or become a victim of social engineering or have your password reset via an old e-mail . 
  basically we are constantly leaving behind a trial of currently secure data that will become unsecure at some point and we will forget to secure it . 
  compared to the average person who gets this type of cancer he is . 
  why is he a divisive figure ? 
  i have seen mainly his sc related work and a couple of `` wtf is '' . 
  i know he told a guy to get cancer at some point and later apologized but that alone does not make someone divisive figure . 
  exactly . 
  he may live quite a bit longer than the average because of that . 
  yeah , i actually linked it elsewhere in this thread . 
  randall has a whole cancer series due to his wife being diagnosed with breast cancer . 
  yes but this is exactly where younger and healthier body helps . 
  i was thinking the article sounds like an advertisement for the team . 
  like a resume or something . 
  who the fuck says, 
   the group was lively , intelligent , incredibly collaborative and built scalable , well tested software . 
  does anyone in the real world talk like that ? 
  my immediate reaction : `` stop trying to sell me whatever it is you are selling ! '', 
  they reverse precisely what you mentioned as expensive to reverse . 
  this is why they need hundreds of millions of funding for supercomputers and an year . 
  i think this is the one - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/discrete_logarithm, 
  the other version of this ( also the position that i support ) is that without region lock we ( i.e. 
  americans and europeans ) get to see relatively good koreans ( even if not top ones ) playing in our time zone and near us so we can watch the streams attend an event with high level starcraft instead of the current kindergarten situation . 
  also i am not happy of foreigners ' achievements if they do n't play against koreans . 
  i want them to win badly but if they do n't play with the koreans this titles mean nothing . 
  on my current project ( ~ 1 man month ) i have used ? . 
  exactly twice . 
  i just do n't let things stay null if i am going to use them . 
  why do people write so much code where null does not indicate an error is beyond me . 
  i mean `` bug '' . 
  i want the program to crash if i get null . 
  yeah but sadly i work on web apps most of the time so i do not have much use for this :(, 
  i did n't mean that null is an error return value . 
  i meant that if i get null somewhere i want the program to crash because this means i have a bug somewhere in my code . 
  using string.empty and enumerable.empty instead of nulls is exactly what i do . 
  while i agree that a language that does not allow null would be better this is just one thing in the list of features and issues of a language . 
  as it seems i ca n't find a job in a language better than c # in my area . 
  the world is not perfect but certainly a good place to live if you work with c # as i am constantly reminded when i need js for my projects and especially when i had to do some work on a java project, 
  depends on what they are using it for . 
  if the software produces something that is easy to judge as the desired output why not ? 
  for example if they are using microsoft word they can clearly see that the software did in fact format that document they needed to format . 
  yes and i think that is why ( big ) governments demand and get the source code for windows and i assume office . 
  also note that in many cases governments do have access to the source code it is just not public . 
  in this particular case the code is important because you should be able to trust the state even if the state trusts its provider . 
  well that wo n't be fixed by open source implementation would it ? 
  but revision tracking is an option in word . 
  you do n't need to see the code to disable it . 
  he is joking man . 
  and you are fueling his joke . 
  the best thing about jokes - people who do n't get it . 
  your joke was quite funny . 
  people are scared and humorless because of bullshit political correctness . 
  not politically correct enough for you ? 
  he is joking because the current generation is so disturbed by being called a nazi . 
  i do n't care about being called a nazi . 
  go ahead , try it !, 
  `` it 's too bad she wo n't live . 
  but then again who does ? '', 
  as i said - go ahead try it . 
  i am from bulgaria . 
  pick something and see if i get offended . 
  we were allies of the nazis during ww2 , we are considered poor and there is a lot of corruption . 
  we are known as not very sophisticated to put it mildly . 
  if you know any other stereotype use it to offend me and see if i care . 
  time to die, 
  you do have string.empty , enumerable.empty , empty lists and that [ required ] attribute . 
  i do n't see how endless null checks are easier than just using suitable default values . 
  but that 's not the problem people are facing . 
  we all have to live with something and humor is one of the best ways to handle it . 
  i want more life , fucker, 
  i will make sure to apply the first trick when i hit a bottleneck inserting users in my database . 
  that 's an easy one . 
  yes , you should . 
  ef is built on top of ado and even if you use only ef for the rest of your life you will still benefit from understanding the internals . 
  are gerrard and coach park the same person ( since gerrard is a coach and his real name is park ), 
  it seems like i was n't clear in my wording since several people assumed i was using null instead of an exception . 
  by error i meant bug that should be fixed . 
  i do use null for value ( entity ) that was not found in the database but even then i just transform it to another exception as there should be no case where the value is missing . 
  how did the user get that id if it is not present ? 
  i also use empty lists when the query is supposed to return multiple items but returns nothing . 
  null is ok as a not found value in my opinion unless your query could return multiple values in which case empty list is the proper way . 
  this is just not where problems with null usually arise .
