  we release open source so we ca n't possibly be evil . 
  everyone else is evil !, 
  you are evil !, 
  sorry , we will change , we promise . 
  just do n't hate us , please !, 
  oracle, 
  you are evil !, 
  yeah , we are . 
  what are you gon na do about it ? 
  even if it was true ( according to wikipedia history it was written in 2007 when the article was created ) it has no place in an article about the person . 
  it belongs in the article about oracle not in the article about any of the employees . 
  smells of p.r. 
  piece . 
  the person who started the article has a good number of contributions a good number of them about people in the security community . 
  on the other hand i suspect he might have been paid to post it . 
  i ca n't imagine a world where this lady is more important than say scott guthrie or ian hickson which both have significantly smaller articles, 
  the reason why devs pick windows is not entirely disconnected from windows itself . 
  it may be something microsoft themselves develop . 
  for example we build things with c # because we feel like it makes us most productive . 
  i suspect there has been historical reasons for people to build for windows in other types of software like say directx , kinect sdk , etc. 
  from all the services listed trolling microsoft for the azure failure has the greatest chance of success . 
  they are desperate to be seen as the good guys . 
  i do follow the all methods are final because in c # that 's the default . 
  i guess anders ( hallowed be his name ! ), 
  agrees that all methods should be final , 
  i agree with you but what you say only applies to his null checks . 
  some of his things are valid for c # and the final methods is in fact the default behavior of the language . 
  what ? 
  i am pretty sure final on a method means non-virtual in java . 
  final on a class means what sealed means in c #, 
  security that discusses code surely fits / r/programming i can see why the oracle thing does not but heartbleed ? 
  hah like lore has ever stopped someone from implementing game ideas . 
  they can twist lore as they see fit and not even red shirt guy can stop them as powerful as he is . 
  i hope their next rts defaults to small teams as the competitive format . 
  1 vs 1 games are very hard sell these days . 
  also hope they do n't microtransaction it with gameplay items . 
  in a game where team game is the default archon mode would be 1 person playing two races . 
  otherwise it ca n't possibly be balanced as archon mode proponents tell us all the time about team games . 
  no , you 've got it all backwards . 
  google specifically avoid calling android linux because it has a gui . 
  yes . 
  where `` now '' means the last decade . 
  i would be annoyed actually . 
  i am a fan of the warcraft universe but i could n't follow when i actually had to play so many hours of wow to be able to keep up . 
  i kind of want to be able to play a finite single player and know that i got the basics . 
  even more important - finish it this time . 
  blizzard please , no more skins until i can turn them off . 
   this is ridiculous , but hard to explain to non-programmers . 
  honestly it is hard to explain to me . 
  i often spend more time building my api than my implementation . 
  i also feel that the implementation is often good enough while i am often not happy with the api . 
  let alone that as every haskell programmer will tell you the types dictate the implementation . 
  i find it really strange how a programmer can claim that creating an api is not creative work . 
  now there are other issues with oracle 's case . 
  how the hell do you open source java without open sourcing it 's apis ? 
  they claim copyright of the apis , not the vm implementation . 
  that 's not oracle 's claim . 
  their claim is that they were going to license java for use in mobile operating systems but google proved that you do n't need a license by implementing it without it . 
  why would anyone pay for a license now ? 
  well they can take google 's implementation . 
  well if you accept that patents should exist as most countries have then certainly the layout of the car `` user interface '' should be patentable . 
  in fact i would expect that a lot of newer things are heavily patented . 
  that 's a really good argument but i do n't think it makes oracle 's claim `` ridiculous '' also i do n't see what 's so hard to explain to non-programmers about this . 
  also some counter arguments can be made against it like that the lack of incentive to create good api will lead to low-quality apis ( say dom ) because companies will focus on implementation and time to market rather than api quality . 
  now i do n't even believe in that argument but i do n't think things are so simple to call oracle 's position `` ridiculous '' . 
  i think oracle 's claim is about the mobile space . 
  in my opinion java is pretty much dead in the mobile space because of dalvik . 
  in my opinion java played significant part . 
  the e-mails of google engineers reveal that at the time java and c # were the only meaningful options . 
  and this my friend is why lol is arguably the most popular game in the world and sc is barely played due to ladder anxiety . 
  also you know that team sc2 exist do n't you ? 
  do n't forget map hacks , cheese , noob strats , opponent playing random , opponent playing protoss , opponent playing terran , opponent playing zerg , etc. 
  oh boy ... sc2 is only suffering for those who care about team games . 
  prepare to be downvoted and to have a lot of people explain to you how this ca n't possibly work because if it could someone would have done it and also they watched protech stream once and it was bad . 
  well if you climb the ladder it will come . 
  blizzard should make sure this feature is never introduced for actual team games because as everyone who ever played starcraft certainly knows any attempt to improve team games in any way will break 1 vs 1 balance . 
  a friend of mine still has a replay where he beats mc in 4 vs 4 . 
  use your chance !, 
  if you know it is coming and can not stop it then it is not cheese . 
  but as it turns out has knows best , 
  and some players stopped playing because they can no longer do things like this on the absurdly large and similar maps . 
  interesting how people were playing on 1 base builds on wol launch maps but supposedly stopped playing when maps started to force 3 base play . 
  oh come on !, 
  terrans can proxy shit too and they do it all the time . 
  6 pool . 
  now obviously cheese is not boolean but a spectrum . 
  some builds are more cheesy than others and the chance to win is reduced more . 
  it seems like the builds has uses are barely affected by the fact that they are scouted so they are far from cheese . 
  that would mean that there is an imbalance not that cheese has anything to do with this . 
  if life responds perfectly to a terran mech in extreme macro game and can not win this is exactly the same problem no matter that it is the opposite of cheese . 
  in case it is not obvious i am being sarcastic about the fact that blizzard are giving archon mode more love than team games with the excuse that team games can not possibly be balanced despite the fact that some archon mode things are not actual gameplay elements . 
  i do n't have strong opinions if this particular strategy or protoss in general is balanced ( as a random player who manages to lose with all races and strategies my bar to claim something is imbalanced is very high ) . 
  however i do n't see people in this thread complain about imbalance they complain about cheese . 
  first of all it is not true ( and i am starting to thing it is a deliberate lie in the conspiracy to kill team games ) that you can not tweak team games without changing 1 vs 1 . 
  as a matter of fact it has been done . 
  for example chrono boost was able to affect allied buildings and they changed that . 
  how does this affect 1 vs 1 ? 
  as to archon mode it got love never shown for team games . 
  it got promotion , it got tournaments and it is about to get features . 
  while you are right that up to now most of them have not been implemented blizzard all but confirmed that there will be gm league for archon mode .
