  all this is even more true for the server . 
  opera has said nothing about dart vm and they are irrelevant anyway . 
  if chrome gets like 90 % market share they may be able to twist apple , ms and mozilla 's hands but until then there is no chance that you will be able to write dart and not bother to compile to js . 
  i personally do n't believe that chrome will get this 90 % so i simply declare dart a dead project to me . 
  there is no benefit in learning it and using it because in the absence of a vm there are far better choices to invest in . 
  when i learned c # windows phone did n't even exist but lets say i learned it because it was the best mainstream language out there . 
  i ca n't say this for dart . 
  i mean i would choose c # over dart any day and no this is not true for all languages ( for example f # seems better than c # for some tasks and so does python ), 
  you can get the original source code , why would you decompile ? 
  a lot less quirky and better tooling compared to what ? 
  so is coffeescript , typescript , haxe , etc. 
  my point is that if you the dart vm is not implemented in other browsers typescript is better choice than dart because of the seamless integration with javascript and the lower risk ( i.e. 
  easier to switch back to pure javascript if you want to drop the chosen language ) and easier learning curve . 
  i can not agree that typescript is as quirky as js . 
  for example the most annoying thing in js is fixed in ts ( namely the meaning of `` this '' ) . 
  and yes in a totally new universe ( like the universe where browsers implement dartvm ) dart will be better than ts but in a universe where most of the libraries and know-how comes in the form of js ts is definitely better . 
  this is fixed in typescript 's lambdas if i recall correctly . 
  dart compiles to js but the resulting js is not human readable ( or otherwise human usable ) . 
  i find this really important . 
  i do n't know how you can handle it . 
  competitive wow , and dota clones are the games i find hardest to understand ( i have very little experience in them ) . 
  i am perfectly fine watching tournaments in fighting games , world of tanks , halo , etc. 
  despite the fact that i have not played the game in question but dota ... totally impossible to understand what is going on even on the most general level . 
  the amount of characters , skills and items in each match is overwhelming and the fantasy setting makes it impossible to know what the differently colored lights do unless you actually know what they do . 
  compare this to games like wot or halo where you can infer what weapons do just from knowledge about popular culture . 
  in addition unlike sc2 you ca n't just compare the size of the army or the actual size of the units to guess which army or unit is stronger . 
  i do n't know how you people manage to watch dota clones without playing but despite multiple efforts and the fact that i am a big fan of e-sports i just ca n't watch these games . 
  not understanding what happens drives me mad . 
  since when is tf2 anything close to competitive ? 
  it 's not the casting it 's the game that is totally unfriendly to viewers who have not played it . 
  also this is true for wow and other dota clones like lol . 
  i think it is a combination of the fantasy setting and the great variety of items , heroes and skills that makes everything complete mystery to anyone who has not played the game . 
  i really wanted to watch the lol and dota events and despite my best efforts i did not understand anything and it was so frustrating . 
  other games i have not played like some fighting games , halo , call of duty , cs : go or world of tanks are much easier to follow despite the fact that i never played them . 
  especially when they announce endless amounts of skins for each unit , 
  i completely agree except that the team games may get some love . 
  i am not suggesting rebalancing around 4 vs 4 but at least running some 2 vs 2 tournaments so there can be some 2 vs 2 pro teams wo n't hurt . 
  i 'd gladly trade 1/3 of the 1 vs 1 tournaments for 2 vs 2 tournaments . 
  but then will people still buy them ? 
  well some people claim that diablo 2 has big competitive scene because you know there were ( 100 % community driven ) tournaments but this does not make diablo 2 a competitive game . 
  to be honest when tf2 was first released i had high hopes that it may be a good competitive game and i was even looking for a team ... then valve started pushing the game in another directions with levels , unlockable items , etc. 
  that 's pretty cool but when i watch games , especially if it is not a game i actively play and try to stay somewhat competitive i do n't want to put that much effort in watching . 
  i just want to stretch on the couch in front of the tv and relax . 
  i want to understand and get totally frustrated when i ca n't figure out even the most basic stuff . 
  between playing 40 games and not watching i chose the latter . 
  there are enough other games to watch and i can honestly say that i tried to give the dota clones a chance and they failed miserably at being approachable to non-player viewers . 
  i actually like your ideas . 
  blizzard should try them . 
  as long as they keep the competitive game clean i am supportive . 
  i do n't like the idea of the different ladders but maybe the unranked ladder can accommodate the skins . 
  i especially like the idea of being able to turn off the skins if you bought the game . 
  i suspect i would disagree with you on many of the details ( for example i am a very strong supporter of interface changes like multibuilding selection ) . 
  however i fully agree with your general point . 
  if the price of making the game popular is making a game we do n't like then i do n't need the game to be ( the most ) popular out there . 
  on the other hand it is worth investigating if these two goals can be achieved at the same time . 
  here are some examples :, 
  - make the multiplayer f2p but let players who paid for the full game disable all add-on skills and of course include the campaign in the full game . 
  - host more 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 tournaments without explicitly changing the race balance for better 2 vs 2 balance . 
  it is fine if some race combinations are weaker as long as there are at least 3 which are equal and i think the game currently fits this description . 
  splits the community and begs the question which ladder is better . 
  i do n't even know if unlockables are op . 
  i just hate the idea . 
  why would a player that spent more time in the game have more options ? 
  i thought we were supposed to compete on skill , strategy and tactics , not on time spent in the game . 
  i did n't even run the game a single time after they announced the unlockables and i definitely counted myself as a fan before that . 
  that 's what i heard but this is a sign that the company does not care about the competitive side of the game and will probably screw things up on purpose . 
  btw similar thing happened to company of heroes . 
  company of heroes was the only rts game i felt had more potential than starcraft and the day they announced the expansion i knew it had no chance to become big competitive game . 
  relic chose to dig into the ww2 niche instead of shoot for the top . 
  yeah . 
  and in fact i often criticize non-obvious mechanics blizzard adds to the game for gameplay reasons . 
  for example the hellbat is somewhat hard to explain . 
  also i am really annoyed by the visual effect of the tempest attack ( which looks like splash ) and the fact that it deals bonus damage to massive air units but not to ground units despite the fact that the attack looks the same . 
  but of course this is nothing compared to dota ... 
  nope . 
  too much effort for someone who does n't really want to play the game . 
  on the other hand this might be beautiful advice to casters . 
  just make detailed description to one of the heroes for noobs in the downtime before the game . 
  hell , this will be cool even for starcraft casts . 
  may be enjoyable if you played the actual game but it is the most frustrating thing if you have not played . 
  i do n't see much difference with lol . 
  both are a mystery to me so i ca n't say which will be better if i understood what was going on . 
  selfishness is the main driving force behind capitalism . 
  i do n't want ms to sell kinectless xbox because kinect is the only reason i own a console at all . 
  the fact that they do not sell kinectless version increases the value of my purchase for me . 
  then the money they can invest in kinect-enabled first party games goes up because the user base is tripled . 
  even if only for first party titles it still makes sense . 
  let alone that this will triple the kinect user base which may push smaller third parties to create kinect exclusive games . 
  in my opinion it is impossible to have a kinect in a household and not have at least 1 person who loves it . 
  there are cool kinect games and other software right now but i think we can agree that if there are three times more kinect devices and if the device is three times more powerful this will increase the investment the devs will be willing to make towards kinect software . 
  frankly i see kinect as something much more important for the tech industry than a generation of consoles . 
  if i were microsoft i would be willing to sacrifice a generation in the console war if this gives me the opportunity to push kinect in the mainstream . 
  kinect  xbox, 
  yeah right ... 50 % will unplug kinect . 
  do you seriously think anyone will bother unplugging it ? 
  heresy !, 
  kinect is magical and motion controls will rule the world !, 
  just wait and see . 
  a new ui paradigm does not come overnight . 
  it took a couple of decades for all pcs to get a mouse .
