  how about fortune tellers , gurus , mediums and similar scam ? 
  yes i think it is bad to force people to vaccinate . 
  i am not against vaccines and i do vaccinate my child with all the recommended vaccines but i do not see why people should be forced to do this by the government . 
  i do not smoke and smoke actually annoys me so what i do is that i do not go to restaurants that allow smoking . 
  i vote with my wallet . 
  i am not a crybaby trying to force everyone to live the way i like by complaining to big government . 
  basically i am happy to take responsibility for my life and the only thing i want from the government is to protect my private property and enforce my contracts with companies and people . 
  too bad the government does n't care and basically does the opposite ( i.e. 
  tells me what to do in my private property and how to live ), 
  but why does life matchfix ? 
  i mean he won like half a million usd , what kind of matchfixing money would motivate him to throw games and risk being arrested when he can actually win the tournaments and get money that way ? 
  i was wondering where unimpressed flash is but when i read your comment it made sense . 
  after all what would be the point of this competition if the winner was predetermined . 
  better exclude it and let the others compete . 
  doubt it . 
  he won a lot and vs all kinds of people . 
  ca n't be all matchfixing . 
  i am pretty sure they are not `` literally '' locked though . 
  based on previous history there will not be jail time . 
  however many people claim that in a korean culture that kind of thing can ruin your life forever . 
  first of all you are never getting a job nowhere near korean e-sports , not as a coach , not as commentator , let alone player . 
  then probably when you apply for a normal job people google you and you are disgraced or something . 
  based on viewer stats and prize money the scene stays pretty much the same . 
  problem is currently most other e-sport scenes are growing and new ones are born . 
  this is like making the same amount of money while there is inflation . 
  sc2 seems to be ok for now though . 
  there are more tournaments that i can watch and enough people i can play with so i do n't care if other games are bigger . 
  edit : ooops i did not realize the question is about korea and not sc2 in general . 
  ignore what i said . 
  was true for sc1 , not like this for sc2 . 
  no , probably not even jail time but lifelong disgrace , no job in e-sports ( not commenting or coaching , nothing ) and probably people would look down on him when they google his name and find out what he has done . 
  korean culture seems to be more conservative and take these things seriously . 
  say you find out the person who applied for a job was found guilty of shoplifting when he was 16 . 
  not the end of the world but you will probably pass . 
  ok let me put it that way . 
  i ca n't be sure they have not done something extremely stupid that makes it hard to hide that button so i wo n't bet my life on being able to hide it . 
  however i am confident enough that i 'd be willing to bet a month salary 10:1 . 
  too bad they are not gon na give us access to the source code just to resolve our bet :(, 
  remind me to send you money for a nice dinner if you somehow manage to get anything close to an island map in the map pool . 
  no you should n't . 
  google would never include . net core on android , period . 
  also there will not be more apps on linux since the desktop stack is not available on linux and only web apps will make sense in relation to . net core . 
  yeah . 
  except that this is hard so we pay xamarin to bundle mono with our apps instead of doing it ourselves . 
  also i was commenting on the original post . 
  i would not expect these to work on . net core right now . 
  maybe some day they will but on the current barebones framework i guess you need to use mono . 
  on a more serious note they need to fix these build times they just copied over especially since the new units have real time build times . 
  sounds to me that with this ... schema ( for lack of better word ) a lot of bugs will result in nasty data corruption instead of an error . 
  and an option to pay $ 100 to not see skins . 
  extremely confusing . 
  i think the fact that this can not be used with code that writes to the db makes it practically useless especially since they discuss the quality of the data as something not covered by tests . 
  what is `` open '' about a protocol if you can not change it ? 
  there is no `` event '' syntax ( except for add/remove property-style syntax ) . 
  `` event '' is an access modifier like public/private/protected . 
  + = is not specific to events it works with random delegates . 
  while this is interesting i would put it under `` implementation details '', 
  yeah these one are actual syntactic support . 
  well if they are required by the standard to be thread safe and delegates are not then i stand corrected . 
  post it here . 
  all the articles i 've read on the monadic null checking claim that it does in fact copy . 
  however i looked at the generated il so they may be lying , 
  yes but we 're talking about the null safe operator which is by definition inlined and variable copy is visible in il, 
  well if optimizations can ignore the il temp variable generated by the null-safe operator they would be able to ignore the temp variable added manually by the developer would n't they ? 
  how do you define dead ? 
  i mean windows phone is in a dire situation especially after the guy from india decided to cancel half the phones and not market the ones released but i am writing this on a wp i buy new apps and am working on new apps myself . 
  what is you threshold for `` dead '' and on what variable do you measure it ? 
  i am pretty sure wp has like 2 % market share so probability is lower than 99.9 % . 
  i may start building apps with swift after they kill wp . 
  or maybe i will stop building apps at all . 
  i would get an iphone for sure though . 
  would not touch an android with a stick . 
  which of these applies to wp because in my book microsoft is a giant corporation and they sure did market windows phone before nadella ( also they were slowly gaining market share , painfully slowly but they were growing ), 
  i think that 's the other bunny . 
  he played in gsl multiple times i guess he ca n't be very bad . 
  they could make medivacs pick sieged tanks but drop them unsieged or something . 
  that would allow terran players to save them but not deploy them via medivacs . 
  of course there should be some buff with this change but if medivacs could pick sieged tanks then the buff can be smaller . 
  a lot of units have different attacks against air and ground ( tempest supper annoying since the attacks look the same ) . 
  you can count that as + damage to air . 
  strategy needs to be more important than micro in my opinion . 
  i find these new micro wars far more boring than the chess game of tvt in the past . 
  good but i dislike how easy it is to turn this into a land map . 
  why not put 3 sets of rocks on each base entrance ? 
  i was trying to make a joke about foreigners being too weak to hold in code s while koreans can do it but obviously i failed . 
  not true . 
  the importance of strategy and tactics is reduced because chances of losing due to a micro mistake or just being outmicroed is higher . 
  also it is far easier to break spread positions because you can simply drop your tanks in one place sieged while before you would take much more damage when you get in range of the opponent 's tanks . 
  that 's the case in the last 2 years because nadella literally canceled the high-end model they were about to release ( known by the code name mclaren ) and there were no high-end windows phones on sale . 
  some people do get 950 now . 
  lemmy ever the pioneer died last year !, 
  this does n't make any sense to me . 
  why would n't a language treat gradual typing simply as dynamic typing if there is performance hit ? 
  how can something become slower when there is more information to use for optimization ? 
  are they talking about purely interpreted programs where the interpreter must report the errors rather than some previous step like a compiler or jit ? 
  ca n't they go to international tournaments for money , practice and fame even though they ca n't get, 
  wcs points ? 
  correct me if i am wrong but typescript uses sound gradual typing and simply removes the types at runtime when it has proven that the types are correct . 
  this is of course the most heavy handed approach but there may be everything in between . 
  typescript does not improve performance .
