  carriers were obviously bad but they just refused to buff them in any way . 
  then they said that they are going to remove them because no one is using them ... 
  if this is sc2 he is probably trolling . 
  of course in heart of the swarm carriers can be used meaningfully due to the greater choice of effective air support units, 
  we want the early rushes balanced not impossible , 
  in sc1 carriers make sense though if you are losing to them every game there is certainly something strange , 
  you are so wrong . 
  in sc1 the ai prioritized fighting units and workers were even more effective . 
  they were blocking the way and you had to manually target them to reach the fighting units . 
  of course there were other balance factors like the fact that slow lings actually had a chance against marines, 
  exactly . 
  workers were even more powerful in sc1 where the ai had different priorities . 
  he discusses this in a previous article . 
  i think like 2 years . 
  it used to be 8mb of ram before brood war . 
  also some people managed to run vanilla sc1 on 486 with 4mb of ram but it was laggy ( surprised ? 
  it is sad that even people in the tech industry ca n't distinguish between java the platform and java the browser plugin, 
  hmm i do n't follow the verge but i was under the impression that they were quality website mainly because the leaks they managed to publish were detailed and accurate . 
  yeah . 
  especially since team starcraft was murdered on purpose by the sc community . 
  in the . net world people use signalr . 
  this way they share the business code and even things like session , authentication , cache , etc. 
  because the real-time component is part of the same application and not completely separate technology . 
  frankly i see no reason why there should be any different stacks for real time and normal web . 
  i think it is just chance that node.js became kind of standard for this and amassed know-how . 
  in my opinion it is far more convenient to have a single stack and share everything . 
  after all there is no reason a normal web stack will not work as real time stack . 
  all that is needed is async operations and most stacks already have this . 
  best match of this season of gsl ... and flash was unimpressed . 
  amazing !, 
  it does not require any plugins . 
  i hope firefox implements the api soon so we can safely use it in our real world applications . 
  i 've always dreamed of cross-platform , browser independent , plugin-free disk filling solutions . 
  ie does support local storage but i am afraid to test with the website , 
  clearly firefox does not implement the disk filler api correctly . 
  the tool does not work with firefox and we will have to rely on plugins for fallback when the user 's browser is firefox . 
  i will just leave this great advice from our teacher papa ra here :, 
  did anyone make any money on the chrome web store yet ? 
  ( real question ), 
  it is even explicitly mentioned in the recent lore blog posts that they are canon . 
  100 % this !, 
  i 've never played lol and it is impossible to know what is happening when watching . 
  i once watched world of tanks tournament and found it interesting . 
  i could easily see attempts of flanks and other tactical maneuvers . 
  btw i am really annoyed by the way sc2 becomes harder to watch by constantly introducing exceptions and not obvious rules . 
  for example the tempest has two attacks that look the same but are different . 
  the tournament maps do not help either . 
  flying shark and watch towers that disappear ? 
  wtf ? 
  i have played like 10 games of dota when it became popular years ago . 
  i had friends explain the basic concepts in both games . 
  the reason i find both games boring to watch is that it is so hard to know what is going on if you have never played the game . 
  there are shiny lights and colorful effects which do n't hint at what they do . 
  by contrast it is fairly easy to understand what is going on in counter strike or even halo if you 've never played these games . 
  dota style games are especially bad due to the absurd number of heroes . 
  if you think about it a game as complex as sc has fewer things to learn . 
  there are fewer units in sc than heroes on lol and things only get worse if you include items and the way they are built . 
  a game with a good game design is easy to learn and hard to master . 
  the number of units should be manageable and the visual effects should represent what the skill does . 
  btw i can easily tell you all sc units without writing them down . 
  can someone list all the lol champs in the same way . 
  what about their skills ? 
  and then again it is better to not wash your hands when you got your shot than not wash your hands and not get your shot . 
  do you think in the future you can provide some kind of api to battle.net or release the specification for the replay format . 
  this could facilitate software ecosystem around the game ( for example mobile battle.net chat apps , apps to track your stats , replay parsers for websites , etc. 
  i second the blizzard time question . 
  i find it really annoying, 
  i second the air maps question . 
  i was a big fan of air maps in sc1 and they worked fairly well there . 
  i realize that balancing them is hard but frankly i would sacrifice balance for more creativity in the gameplay any day . 
  the current maps are all the same and i 'd much rather play on the map pool that the game was launched with although it may have not been very well balanced . 
  it seems like the idea was that if they had the devs working on something else they could have made more money and not that it was not profitable . 
  that would be awesome . 
  i am looking for an opportunity to contribute to the sc community as a developer . 
  of course we should not go into extremes when sacrificing balance but i feel like currently we are in the other extreme . 
  i also know many people do n't agree with me on this one and this is fine . 
  i respect their opinion . 
  however i do n't really admire players with great mechanics and think the game should promote creativity and strategy even if that means build order wins . 
  again i know most people may not agree . 
  i do n't like football either , 
  i know but why do we have to do it . 
  i had an app that broke when blizzard changed the design ... 
  imagine if you could be in the chat from your phone ... talk about bnet social features, 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know . 
  i will check it out . 
  boring early game is unfortunate consequence of air maps but we get very different matchups if sc1 is any indicator, 
  cool . 
  to be honest i know that there are several parsers out there but i wanted to ask if blizzard want to support developers directly because currently we rely only on reverse engineering in various forms . 
  do n't people have done wonders scrapping bnet pages and reversing the replay format but why not release these and use the dev energy for something more productive ? 
  great idea, 
  i mentioned football because i once read ab article on tl claiming that people like to watch sc because we are in awe of the players ' mechanics and not because of strategy or decision making . 
  the article then proceeded to compare it with football where everyone can think of shooting from the middle of the field in the upper left corner of the net but very few people can do it and this is why football was so great . 
  at this moment i was thinking - `` this is why football sucks and this is what i do n't like about sc '', 
  i do n't get it . 
  where is the price tag ? 
  i would totally pay certain amount of money to have a personal project code review by expert in the field but without some general info on the price i would n't even bother to apply because i expect such an expert time to be really expensive . 
  they extended exactly nothing . 
  they just gave ms some more time before banning windows phone . 
  the support for activesync is there and will not go away , they are just denying it to wp users and non-paying wp users ( note that ios and android users will be able to use it for free ) .
