  in general i think the line is unbroken and normal evolution for this type of important software . 
  for me all this is just rebranding . 
  this is just rebranding . 
  ie will have a new name in windows 10 ( whatever this name is ), 
  6 and 7 are officially dead already ... 
  it did . 
  on the other hand i find it funny that devs blame microsoft or even the software itself . 
  i guess they do n't want to admit that they should blame their customers for not upgrading because customers pay the bills . 
  i still do n't understand why they needed to keep this restriction . 
  i mean you will obviously not be able to use the path on an older device but allowing these paths is forward compatible so why not do it ? 
  what is good for john carmack is not necessarily good for you . 
  remember - you are not john carmack ( unless your documents say so ), 
  i am not talking about asp.net . 
  i am thinking about windows . 
  why would windows put this restriction on users these days ? 
  12 starting workers is a disgusting change . 
  it eliminates a whole class of strategies and makes the game less exciting and diverse . 
  come one man !, 
  legacy of the void is not out yet and you are talking about sc3 . 
  a lot can happen in a decade . 
  i take pleasure at bm . 
  this is why i love playing random even more . 
  in fact i was announcing race before but i stopped when i learned it makes players rage more , 
  you certainly ca n't do certain strategies anymore . 
  for example proxy gates will not work . 
  early pools probably wo n't work either . 
  let alone that this time was never a problem . 
  casters can talk about the map , people chat in battle.net . 
  turtle strats are too far away to be affected by this . 
  however proxy gates/rax and early pools can not work anymore . 
  cannon rushes probably wo n't work either ( although in pvz they probably will ), 
  i do n't think these will be affected . 
  strategies that rely on droning past 12 will be the same . 
  you just subtract the time needs to build 12 drones from 6, 
  i do n't see how these strategies will be affected . 
  after all both sides still build up to 12 workers before they start building anything else . 
  it will become harder due to bases mining out faster but this is unrelated to the 12 workers start . 
  it is related to the minerals value per patch . 
  mathematically there is no difference if you will build 6 workers or you will have them at the start provided that you intend to branch you strategy in between . 
  unless of course you think the 300 minerals for 6 workers are a big deal in the light of the reduced mineral patches . 
  this is certainly true but it will be swallowed by the amount of other changes - new units , new skills , new stats even game time . 
  after all blizzard will not introduce these changes in isolation otherwise they would simply disbalance the game . 
  i am diamond . 
  this !, 
  ms of the past did not want your data . 
  they just wanted your money . 
  i can deal with this . 
  the thing has a price tag and i decide if i should use it . 
  the sneaky free things where they try to monetize me later is what scares me . 
  developing ruby on windows is more annoying than on other platforms because some tools suck on windows . 
  i really do n't get your point . 
  why should someone be unexperienced to appreciate . net ( or ruby for that matter ) ? 
  they should rename it despite the current name making it easy to sell ? 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  how did you end up with node at work if you like . net better ? 
  i think the accepted term for a . net developer is - ninja . 
  you know - ruby mage , java jedi , . net ninja ... 
  i expect open source advocates to be aware of the name change if it happens so it would be a hard sell anyway . 
  well did they ban people from buying eur or usd ? 
  if not , that explanation does n't make sense . 
  yeah , the usa paid money for some protests in a country and russia sent the army to `` help '' and annexed crimea . 
  totally the same thing . 
  yeah , and our neighborhood voted to join germany . 
  i guess everyone else in the country should be ok . after all we voted . 
  too bad germany wo n't send any troops to protect us :(, 
  i see . 
  at least ukraine has a war as an excuse while venezuela managed to do it off of one of the largest oil reserves in the world . 
  yeah they should have let russian military come to parts of ukraine and produce referendums to join russia . 
  i support the inflation of the leagues . 
  promote everyone by multiplying the player base by 3, 
  which only happened in russian propaganda . 
  btw i 'd rather see ukraine split and a new iron curtain where russians are not allowed to travel to the west and there are no relations between russia and the west . 
  peace . 
  but of course i am not ukrainian and i do n't really care about these territories . 
  i was thinking about the other two regions but yeah , crimea too , except that they were there . 
  if i have to pick one exact moment where i think this game became significantly more boring than it was i would pick this patch ( obviously it is more complex than this ) . 
  ghost snipe builds were so beautiful and they often evolved into early nuke builds which were even better . 
  i remember that build on lost temple where you drop on the cliff , snipe the queen or sometimes the overlord ( depending on what would work better and nuke the natural hatch twice ) . 
  these were the days . 
  the days of tactics , strategy and creativity . 
  your post touches on an issue that is much more important than the specific case with the ghost . 
  blizzard are constantly trying to place a unit into a state they think it should be instead of letting players use it as they see fit ( as long as it is not imbalanced of course ), 
  i do n't know i always had the best winrate as zerg ( playing random ) . 
  so they chose the most retarded way to deal with the situation . 
  i suggest people who claim certain 2 vs 2 combinations are imba post them here so we can check them against finalists . 
  for example i have seen claims that teams without a zerg are doomed but it does n't seem to be the case in this tournament . 
  they should have reduced the range by 1 instead of two . 
  now neural is almost useless and it may have been balanced instead . 
  ah , one of the rare articles about tech interviews posted on / r/programming, 
  why would you ever set the positions up like that when you can place the laptop wherever you like on the table ? 
  in 99-2000 we played a lot in an internet cafes ( ironically some of them did n't even have internet and were pure gaming cafes ) and i have seen one guy who was in general poor player send his probes to mine without watching the screen after seeing the start location because he immediately turns around to check where opponents ( playing in the same room ) spawned . 
  i have seen the same guy frag people in quake while looking back at their screen . 
  he aimed at certain location in advance and when he saw the opponent move there he just pressed the mouse button . 
  sound simple but in practice requires skill . 
  obviously they knew he would win so they were just `` meh , another life win . 
  he wins every day in the team house '', 
  on the other hand naniwa probably has like 90 % chance to win every game, 
  and we are back to the `` people will get mad if others do n't see their skins '' problem . 
  that 's assuming that a rewrite will help . 
  i am not sure the engine of sc2 is bad .
