  to be honest in sc2 i do n't see pros accidentally accumulate resources as often . 
  sc2 's advanced interface allows them to produce units easily while in battle . 
  in sc1 this happened to the best players and the challenge is for sc1 . 
  if the ai manages to handle macro and micro better than a human that is a fair win . 
  the point of apm cap is to deny the ai the ability to make moves that are simply not available to a human like that bot in one of the competitions that controlled each mutalisk individually and they looked like a bunch of flies or having effective auto-repair on sc1 scvs . 
  that is true but this specific mechanic is the farthest sc2 for in this direction and still nowhere near sc1 . 
  for example if you forgot to drop your mules as terran who cares you just drop 4-5 when you have time . 
  i am not saying accumulating resources accidentally does not happen . 
  i am saying that it happens far more rarely than in sc1 . 
  like 10 times . 
  boxer commented on the ai challenge . 
  as creative as he is at cheese he still has limits . 
  as soon as the ai is trained at his newest cheese it will be able to win . 
  the question is how often can boxer come up with an unseen cheese that works . 
  once every 3 months for a best of 5 maybe for a couple of years . 
  what do you base that statement on ? 
  i understand that . 
  the problem with cheese for an ai is that the ai may end up in an advantageous position but this position may be totally unique so the must judge it without training and will most likely fail against a human . 
  this means that even weaker cheese may be effective against an ai ... for a while . 
  could it ever be like this ? 
  are n't there black ghettos that are precisely like this in the usa ? 
  i like orwell but the two books i have read from him ( 1984 and animal farm ) are quite ... childish . 
  they are too simplistic , too black and white . 
  1984 is often compared to brave new world and the latter is so much deeper and so much more nuanced . 
  for example i found it hard to side with the savage in brave new world and it seems like most people and the author did . 
  i do n't think anyone rooted for big brother in 1984 because it is so straight forward . 
  yes but the ai learns from inspecting a large number of games . 
  we can assume that it can learn given enough examples of counters to the cheese . 
  thinking that micro is just about speed and dexterity is wrong . 
  yes but i was n't supposed to root for the world state in brave new world but i did . 
  that is because brave new world was complex enough to contain different points of view with its pros and cons . 
  so will ron paul support hillary over trump . 
  i mean one of the two will be a president and there is no harm in voting for the lesser evil . 
  the world state was totally non-violent , had quite reasonable technical progress and actually let people who disagree leave . 
  the savage on the other hand wanted to destroy shit because it did n't fit his shakespearean world view of abstract concepts like love , soul , etc. 
  objectively the world state was just fine . 
  first of all the ai challenge is about starcraft 1 . 
  second - yes , there are some extreme examples like ling/baneling but even then you can see people micro in a way that puts the opponent into a corner so there is no choice but die to banelings . 
  as a counter-example i would present force fields . 
  with force fields the micro is not about speed . 
  oceania was certainly violent . 
  i mean how can you deny that what happened to winston was violence ? 
  torture and shit ? 
  the world state had progress outside the conditioning programs . 
  there were things like helicopters and more that i ca n't remember now ( note that when the thing was written helicopters were pretty much futuristic ) . 
  also there is nothing wrong with frankenpeople . 
  even epsilons were designed to be happy with what they do . 
  by `` support '' he means publicly endorse him ? 
  because i do n't think not voting does any good . 
  in bulgaria where i am from , politicians buy votes . 
  not metaphorically literally ( and yes it is illegal ) . 
  a vote costs like 30-40usd . 
  nobody can convince me that voting does n't matter if the market thinks it matters for 30-40usd , 
  i would actually argue that the us system is less rigged . 
  i mean at least you can have ron paul in congress . 
  we do not even have a ron paul ( we have trumps though , various degrees of trumps with various degrees of support ), 
  i love it most when i am called a 13 year old kid or something along the lines while in reality i am 33 . 
  always makes me laugh . 
  there is no harm in debating the challenges an ai would face in starcraft even if the deep mind team does not choose starcraft, 
  i actually support legalizing buying votes . 
  i do n't see how it differs from other promises like rising pensions . 
  i think the ai should be limited to a certain human-level apm . 
  part of the decisions a human makes is where to spend his apm so it is only fair to force the ai to make the same decisions . 
  this would also prevent the ai from using moves that are simply not available to a human . 
  sure but i can not imagine this being the deciding factor in a human vs ai competition . 
  yeah ... 
  but before he was doing scrum he was doing just fine . 
  this argument sucks . 
  it is like defending php . 
  it is super flawed , has room for a lot of errors but for some reason we are supposed to put up with a process or a tool that provokes a lot of errors . 
  uhm ... no . 
  i find php ( and javascript ) to be a disgusting formation grown on our industry but despite what it might look like i have not dedicated my life to bashing it . 
  it is certainly a fact but why follow a process that degrades into this bullshit so often ? 
  ok but i do not see many instances of people programming in python and blaming php but i do see more instances of people not doing scrum while trying to do scrum than people who actually claim to be happy with scrum . 
  it is only logical that people stop trying and stop feeling the pain . 
  humans will start losing to the ai long before that comes into account . 
  so it seems like if you want to build a new product it is a good idea to choose the microsoft stack . 
  you can hire high-quality engineers cheaper because the hipsters do not want them . 
  now you still have to sell your product built on the microsoft stack to investors which might be a problem . 
  scrum provokes and amplifies incompetence . 
  i am not sure this is that simple . 
  what if facebook was built on the ms stack . 
  would it be as valuable ? 
  i think they would be less valuable because they depend on other company 's technology . 
  now of course this does n't matter at all until you hit 1 billion valuation . 
  i think i can handle the depression that will hit me when my 1 billion company can not become more valuable because of my poor strategic choice at the start . 
  all that white powder and hookers on my yacht will probably cure it . 
  so you are saying that investors wo n't invest in a company that can not grow above a billion ? 
  that 's a myth and literally never happened . 
  how come stack overflow did n't drown in licensing fees ? 
  thanks, 
  i hope you realize that more traffic makes you more valuable which means more money to pay for those licenses . 
  let alone that ms sales would argue about tco and the supposed savings of using higher quality stack but i am not going to argue that . 
  i just want an example of a startup that went under because of licenses costs . 
  not only ms licenses cost but any licenses cost . 
  so the ms stack is indeed a liability for this type of silicon valley startups ( and by silicon valley i mean the tv series silicon valley where the whole thing is shown as totally dysfunctional ), 
  you realize that only google and facebook scale to fb levels ? 
  the article you link does not complain about pricing but about complicated licensing designed to confuse you which is indeed a problem but nobody ever went under because of it . 
  well all this linuxification of . net makes sense now . 
  you simply can not sell to the vc crowd otherwise .
