  there is a reason the default implementation of a list in most languages is an array list . 
  well , if you insert something you will move the pointers not the actual objects . 
  so `` bad maps '' are maps where you can not use your predetermined expand strategies ? 
  but how does the impossibility of greedy play make the maps `` bad '' . 
  it seems to me that diversify the pool of strategies and make the game more interesting . 
  i did n't read the details since i was startled by this one too but the definition of fe is stretchy so in theory they may expand if the fe is just normal expand that comes before the opponent , 
  i was so looking forward to this showmatch !, 
  age of empires 2 and warcraft iii were quite strong . 
  while i agree with you i 'd like to point out that `` skill '' is not what everyone enjoys in this game . 
  for example i find the `` skill '' the community admires to be incredibly boring thing to watch and learn . 
  in bw you had to know the finer details of what were actually bugs in unit movements and have the ability to cycle your production buildings all the time ( since you could not just save them all to a group ) . 
  things like this became much more important than strategy and i think the game became more boring at this point . 
  i enjoyed playing and watching much more in the time before replays were introduced . 
  i really hate it that this community is so obsessed with mechanical skill and thinks it should be promoted . 
  on the other hand i guess i am in the minority . 
  after all much more people enjoy football than chess . 
  uhm ... no . 
  i do n't . 
  i actually have much higher respect for ntt , grrrr ... and boxer than all of the actual best players combined . 
  these players won on strategy and mind games rather than `` skill '' . 
  bw was really big in the late 90s and early 2000s . 
  i am not sure that sc2 was bigger than bw at that time . 
  `` bugs '' in quake 3 were actually features . 
  they were bugs in quake 1 and quake 2 and were put on purpose in quake 3 ( and quake 4 for that matter ), 
  i vote for coh although i have played much more bw and now sc2 due to the fact that in practice coh lacks a competitive scene ( they never dared to shoot for the top and try to take the sc crown ), 
  frankly i did n't understood why they decided to make sc2 faster than bw . 
  probably because of the easier interface but then the net result would be more micro in battles or several battles at once if the game was slower . 
  uhm ... maybe this is because everyone unchecks the maps instead of playing them  also the meta does n't need to be the same on every map . 
  well i did not say that . 
  there is a good amount of strategy but the balance shifted from almost pure strategy/tactics/mindgames to mechanics being more important . 
  apm does not equal mechanics . 
  obviously the more mechanics the game need the less important the strategy becomes . 
  if the game is 100 % strategy then strategy is more important than in the game with 90 % strategy and 10 % mechanics and in sc1 mechanics are much more significant than 10 %, 
  good luck ahead !, 
  we bulgarians having a horse in this race would make it so much more exciting to watch , 
  to be honest at the time there was no game of the popularity of lol or dota today . 
  maybe cs but the people who played games at all were fewer back then . 
  i would n't call it `` basic '' since i think very few people had the required mechanics to compete on a pro level despite many trying . 
  at least we are not discussing the removal of multi building selection and generally making the interface more stupid to accommodate `` skill '' anymore . 
  question is if it adds enough clarity to offset for these shortcomings . 
  i am not sure i fully understand the string example but i am pretty sure you can do what you described with numbers in c # . 
  just create a value type , put an int inside it and define the arithmetic operators only for the same type . 
  and int subtyping in ada does not introduce overhead ? 
  btw i do n't see why wrapping in a value type will introduce significant overhead . 
  yes but it is useful if you are creating math , physics or time library, 
  and despite what you linked to you still spelled ms with a $ ? 
  24 fps is not enough, 
  that 's a good thing ? 
  i thought 15 and 22 were the number of people playing the games and i wondered how 15 is more than 22, 
  do you happen to know a website where i can just click on links and it takes me to the right moment in the vod . 
  hunting through the list of twitch videos is painful even if i do n't mind spoilers ( and i do ), 
  sadly in tech the best option rarely wins . 
  the good enough option that captured significant mindshare soon is much more likely to win . 
  no amount of rewriting or changes to licenses will change the fact that github uses git and the most prominent open source projects use git . 
  hmmm seems like they are free on youtube . 
  i ca n't remember why i paid for premium subscription ... 
  so we may add him to the long list of starcraft ii players who have become incredibly successful in lol ? 
  thanks !, 
  we do n't mock their skill we mock their decision to switch to lol for fame/money . 
  learning about async requests is not a good reason to learn node.js since currently . net has equivalent or better ( async/await ) tools for writing this type of code . 
  with owin , signalr and webapi as well as async support in ef the gaps in the asp.net stack are filled and more . 
  in addition asp.net supports async requests from version 2.0 even in web forms . 
  that 's before not only node but even chrome was released . 
  in fact when i first heard of node it was obvious to me how it worked because i was familiar with web form 's async pages . 
  now there are good reasons to look at node because the community is building a lot of libraries that do async stuff but `` learning '' is certainly not the reason . 
  building async web apps is not a reason either . 
  for some reason i ca n't post a comment on the website ( get redirected to home page after i hit submit ), 
  definitely most interesting player in 2013 . 
  something is off with group c match 3 ( i think it is the same as match 2 game 1 ), 
  but this post is not about the significance of node but about reasons to learn it from . net dev perspective . 
  currently there are very few such reasons if any . 
  how do you automate it ? 
  ok but how does he order them in sets and matches . 
  does he parse the titles ? 
  i guess it is not worth it to invest the resources just to make the 3 guys using mercurial happy . 
  i do n't doubt that if mercurial gets as big as git they will support it . 
  not programming . 
  but he is still our european hope jurgen !, 
  the only reason there is money on the line is that people watch . 
  what happens when you cut the people watching ? 
  so what is more important the players ' experience or the viewers ' experience ? 
  the observer for the english stream . 
  not the same as some random guy watching the game . 
  basically naniwa told all viewers to get out . 
  false . 
  viewers pay the bills ( well maybe not directly in this particular case ) . 
  whoever pays the bill orders the music . 
  ok here is a parallel with lag and sports - lights blind football players so that cameras can shoot better picture for the viewers . 
  do you realize that the only value naniwa produces when he plays is that viewers can see him playing ? 
  if viewers can not see him playing it is all the same if he wins or loses . 
  sponsors only do because we watch . 
  certainly sponsors wo n't pay the bills just so naniwa can play . 
  lag screens do annoy viewers but not being able to watch annoys viewers even more . 
  they should probably have restarted the game or something . 
  btw i do pay ( some of ) the bills personally on tournaments like gsl . 
  would you claim that not streaming the game is acceptable in wcs eu because of sponsors and not acceptable in gsl because i pay the bills personally ? 
  why did they try to change the ball ? 
  in any case i would just fire any player who is against something that will bring viewers if i was the one holding the tournament or the league . 
  it just does n't make business sense . 
  he was the caster on the english ( i.e.
