  what is important are that there are languages with features that are designed better for basic dynamic web pages and simple web scripting . 
  with js we do n't have a choice but people are still starting new php projects for some bizarre reason . 
  ah ... now this makes sense !, 
  interesting . 
  the fact that there is an `` official version '' makes me choose . net . 
  in fact i am somewhat worried about the developments in the last 5 years . 
  i suddenly had to learn about a whole toolchain that was hidden from me and i do not care about but i have to know to do my job . 
  not this particular device . 
  except that in my experience the originals suck . 
  i do n't know about nunit but nhibernate was terrible . 
  then oren eini comes around explaining how much greater nhibernate 's way of doing things is because of some shitty design pattern he just invented and pretends their linq provider only sucks because the linq interfaces were bad despite the fact that the linq provider of entity framework is obviously quite decent . 
  if ms makes it work i do n't care if they stomp the original . 
  especially when the original has a culture of `` there is no documentation or tutorials but you can always look at the code . 
  ca n't figure out the code ? 
  what are you a noob ? 
  you should n't be coding . '', 
  i 'd rather take ms 's product , thank you . 
  i kind of fell for it :( turns out `` deposit '' did n't work with my e-banking ( did not recognize the bic of the bank ) and if i knew i had to deposit i would not do `` identity '' . 
  for some reason i thought i would be able to pay with visa ... 
  is this a bulgarian thing ? 
  i was just looking at the very same issue . 
  on the bright side this makes bitcoin so much more meaningful for money transfers . 
   full-fledged development environments with desktop-quality coding experiences, 
  nice joke, 
  blame the business model of sc2 instead of the bullshit state law ? 
  yeah ... a law that precludes tournaments for a game that is sold . 
  good law . 
  so in your opinion a law that outlaws scams together with a bunch of legitimate things is a good law ? 
   is a question which contains a controversial or unjustified assumption ( e.g. , a presumption of guilt ) . 
  interesting . 
  my question is not good but a law that contains the presumption of guilt of a tournament organizer is fine . 
  people should take care for themselves . 
  the state should not treat its citizens as children that need handholding and protect them from every bullshit . 
  this is how you end up with banned games , movies and music . 
  it is treating them as a child . 
  if people do need to be protected from everything we 'd better have two categories of people . 
  those who have rights and responsibilities and those who are considered too stupid and need to be protected . 
  the latter lose the right to drive a car because they obviously ca n't take responsibility for their actions . 
  i am not saying that they targeted e-sports or that those laws do not protect people . 
  i am saying that people should n't be protected to this degree and should n't be protected from what is basically themselves . 
  there are special institutions for people who are deemed unable to take care for themselves and need special protection ... 
  many people are mentally troubled or elderly but it is absurd to treat the whole society as such . 
  it is certainly not beneficial to the society itself . 
  seems like the mongo guys are going to learn what microsoft learned the hard way - unless it is secure by default it is not secure . 
  it is very easy to criticize bill gates in hindsight . 
  he was obviously wrong but at the time it was not obvious at all . 
  i am willing to bet a couple of hundred dollars that in 5 years dart will be `` donated '' to some open source foundation like google did with gwt . 
  i feel like they are trying to get ready for methods in anonymous types ( records or whatever ) where you give the method body in the same place you declare the variable . 
  false, 
  although the output might change in the future, 
  how the hell do people with less experience get paid more on average ? 
  and pay more taxes, 
  i am not sure what my opinion on free education is except that the prices of higher education in the us are certainly a scam or at least a bubble . 
  as for healthcare the us system was better ( before they decided to change it into what it is now ) . 
  if you spend as much on a health insurance in the us as you are forced to in the eu you will get better health care than the average in the eu ( of course some countries might have better healthcare system for reasons other than price like better current management or a culture that values doctors more ) . 
  the problem is that people in the us often decide to not buy insurance or buy cheap insurance . 
  in eu you are forced by the state to buy an expensive one . 
  care to do a comparison ? 
  the advantage is that you can use this when you do not control the exceptions thrown . 
  multiple exception classes is only an option when you control the code throwing the exception . 
  the main reason i do not buy things in btc is that it is so hard for me to get btc . 
  i have to make stupid bank transfers to obtain them :(, 
  oh the irony ... 
  also worth noting that if you become a fan of go you automatically become big . 
  it is not at all obvious why we need to start there . 
  it is not like 1 vs 1 started with the current maps . 
  ( let alone that i do n't think there are significant problems with 2 vs 2 maps ), 
  more `` nice macro game '' whine . 
  sigh ... 
  i do n't see any problem with 4 gate being a macro build especially in 2 vs 2 . 
  it is really interesting to make strategic decisions based on seeing if the opponent has 10 or 12 drones and counting zerglings because each of them matters . 
  first of all it is not obvious how it follows from the fact that races are balanced around 1 vs 1 that they ca n't be balanced for 2 vs 2 at the same time . 
  second it is totally unnecessary that every possible matchup is balanced . 
  players will just skip certain race combos so what ? 
  if we get even 3 strong and balanced race combos we already get the same amount of matchups as 1 vs 1 and there is potential for more . 
  and finally `` never '' assumes that it is theoretically impossible to balance the game around 2 vs 2 instead of 1 vs 1 . 
  in fact i think if sc2 did not have a history it would make more financial sense to balance it around 2 vs 2 as team games are far more popular these days . 
  while the number of variables is indeed a problem the reason it never took off is not obvious . 
  i can think of several other reasons it never took off and one of them is listed in the title of this post . 
  this is hardly an explanation of the use of the word `` never '' ( with capital letters ) . 
  here is just one example why blizzard may want to give a fuck - team games are ridiculously popular these days . 
  it does n't even matter if they are good people just want to play in competitive format with friends . 
  blizzard already has a mode for playing competitive format with friends - team games . 
  they may invest in it and make some money . 
  of course they may choose not to but i do not see how you can claim that it can `` never '' happen . 
  i am getting all defensive because i am currently watching a 2 vs 2 tournament that is more interesting than any tournaments i have watched in the past year and i want more of that instead of less . 
  yeah competitive 2 vs 2 used to be a thing ... 
  i somehow missed the 2 vs 2 gsl , dreamhack and all other serious tournaments with nice production for 2 vs 2 . 
  if my opinion does n't matter why are you responding to it ? 
  sure i am . 
  is n't that a reason to get defensive ? 
  ( although honestly i thought i had actual arguments and was n't getting defensive ), 
  either that or it was n't shit and people gave up because of lack of exposure for the players and tournaments to watch for the viewers . 
  yes i am perfectly fine with that . 
  also i am watching the tournament in question like now and there are plenty of macro games in it . 
  i seriously think that the thing with 2 vs 2 being non-viable is a self-fulfilling prophecy that the community made up and enforces . 
  this seems to be the popular opinion but it is not like anybody tried . 
  and again i remind you that there is absolutely no need to balance all matchups . 
  so if catz stopped for that reason that certainly means everyone stopped for that reason . 
  also matchmaking on higher level is kind of easy to fix thing and would actually auto fix if the community respected 2 vs 2 more .
