  for example most of my web code has something like something something = datacontext.somethings.find ( id ) ;, 
  thrownotfoundifnull ( something ) ; / / throws 404 error to the client, 
  this is not where ? . 
  would be of any use . 
  so what did you do after you dropped ts ? 
  i mean it is not like there is anything better than d.ts ( well maybe flow ) . 
  you will have to go back to what you defined as `` ugly '', 
  i really do not understand how people come to the conclusion that ts is useless without type definitions . 
  i have used it as a es6 to es5 transpiler and it is still useful and every bit of typing you can add for free ( i.e. 
  when type definitions are available ) is a free treat . 
  there is nothing wrong with using java on the server if you want to but what do you do on the client where you do not have a choice ? 
  there is a built in es6 to es5 transpiler in ts even if you do not use typing so there 's that . 
  babel has more features since ts is very conservative about adding features that are not yet stable in the standard and features that do not transpile to human readable js, 
  it would be great if the world agreed to built all those libraries and infrastructure around gwt but it decided to go with js, 
  no mention of [ avatar - the queen of blades ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcvpfbu9n14 ) ? 
  i will boycott the players that boycott the gsl for a reason like this . 
  no , you ca n't boycott me because i am boycotting you first !, 
  great plan !, 
  lets create this company then when we get user base we will sell the company to some corporations and make money !, 
  if anyone wanted corporations to contribute or provide funding they should have used a proper license that forces them to do so . 
  1 standard map is a perfect number of standard maps !, 
  please blizzard add team games tournaments . 
  yes , i said team games not archon mode ( of course add that too ), 
  oauth sucks but telerik propaganda is even shittier . 
  the new input elements were one of the few features that i cared about in html5 and they got absolutely the worst support . 
  i not only write code which requires date , time , etc. 
  input but also input a lot of dates and stuff in various websites as a user . 
  instead i got webgl that i never had to use as a dev and never used as a user except to see a webgl demo . 
  good job browser vendors !, 
  if coding academies are scam or nonsense i do n't know what word we can use for this moronic statement ( i mean the statement from the article not the comment by parent ), 
  especially considering that for some of us these things are our jobs, 
  did you just say that cheaper devs around the world are some kind of primitive ai . 
  i mean i am quite certain that the ai field will have a hard time simulating the intelligence of even the g most grunt coder . 
  i am pretty sure we ( it and cs people ) will manage to automate the jobs of many other people before we finally do it for ourselves . 
  for example i 'd bet that writing shitty articles like this one will be automated before coding, 
  if demand for new software is not increasing it would mean we have automated every other possible profession . 
  yeah maybe we will be out of work but not before 95 % of non-programmers are out of work . 
  business usually has a lot bigger budgets and costs so the costs of the licenses are negligible . 
  of course it depends on what company we are talking about but i 've heard of cases where the license for oracle db is shrugged off as something negligible compared to the overall cost of the project including a lot of devs , qa , compliance and legal testing , etc. 
  does n't seem to be the case . 
  there are quite good robotic arms out there although certainly more work needs to be done on hardware to achieve the full abilities of a human body ( for work i mean ) . 
  it certainly seems to me that replacing humans at work is more of a question of software than hardware . 
  he means the year that i will use linux on the desktop , 
  is n't the explanation for the lack of skins related to memory rather than processing power ? 
  is that only the sync between the two clients or actual gameplay logic ? 
  i suspect that if coh2 really puts load on 2 cores it is not because the part that sc2 does on one thread is multithread . 
  i believe it is more likely that they just added more stuff to keep the second core busy like non-gameplay related physics or maybe unit ai . 
  if this is true then we may or may not want that . 
  we do n't want sc to require more cores for no benefit . 
  after all coh2 is more demanding than sc2 is n't it ? 
  well but the point is if coh2 delivers better experience on the same cpu . 
  also consider that what good experience is may be different in coh2 compared to sc2 . 
  for example the responsiveness of the units may not be a problem in coh as much as it is in sc2 . 
  in fact i do remember the units in coh1 being unresponsive due to realism like vehicles needed to slow down in a realistic way if you ordered them to turn around . 
  i know the urban legend but somehow sites like the verge that i have never seen load in under 5 seconds even on the fastest desktop machines with great lan connection are somehow extremely popular . 
  i guess the explanation is that people switch the tab and still come back later . 
  according to some people on this thread it already does . 
  of course i am sure coh does much more physics than sc2 . 
  it may be that coh just does more stuff and thus puts load on 2 cores rather than doing the core game logic better . 
  i did n't say that multithreading would increase the latency or responsiveness . 
  in fact i implied that increased responsiveness and latency can make implementing multithreading easier because there could be more tolerance for thread synchronization . 
  many rts games did n't go for the competitive scene . 
  they were so scared by blizzard that they did n't even try . 
  agreed . 
  coh is the rts with the greatest potential and i say that as a person who played blizzard rts games competitively since warcraft ii . 
  however there is a reason not enough people play it and that is relic are full of shit and did not go for the e-sports segment . 
  they specifically chose to burrow the game in the ww2 niche choosing and openly declaring they would not sac realism for e-sports . 
  for example they simply refused to add mirror matchups . 
  i was so mad that i did n't buy the expansion and did not play ever again after they announced that reasoning . 
  so much potential wasted . 
  one wasted opportunity for the genre are team games . 
  i believe the greatest shift that happened during the last two decades is that the communities got bigger and the internet speeds allowed for large teams to play in a single game . 
  people just love playing team games ( less responsibility , playing with friends ) . 
  rts games are fine for team games but the core community never accepted it and blizzard never developed the team scene . 
  new players simply go play the team games available be it cs , dota or world of tanks . 
  if i were a company making an rts today i would go for one designed for team play . 
  i also think the niche for team games with smaller teams is underserved so maybe 3 vs 3 will be the main competitive mode i would design around . 
  if i had to change sc2 i would go for a 2 vs 2 push with a couple of team specific abilities to avoid breaking the 1 vs 1 core balance . 
  one thing i do not get in these custom games arguments is if we are not going to play an rts why do we care ? 
  i mean warcraft iii had dota and maybe if sc2 had the proper ui for custom games it would get its dota moment but how would that save the rts genre ? 
  from the point of view of a rts game fan custom games can even be seen as a downside since the actual rts will just lose players from the inside . 
  i kind of disagree . 
  homm3 was slow but it got relatively strong competitive scene and the matches there are absurdly long and the random element is too strong . 
  if this combination did not prevent it from having a decent competitive scene then slowness is not that much of a problem . 
  sure that 's true . 
  i am not saying that sc players would like a slow paced rts . 
  i am saying that maybe a fanbase exists for a slower paced competitive rts if anyone bothered to make and promote one . 
  i wish them best of luck but sadly i do n't put my hopes in indie project for competitive games . 
  i really wish it gets big but i wo n't spend time on it until it seems like it is getting big . 
  promotion money and big company names matter . 
  i was about to write a rant about browser client being very stupid decision but i read that they have a native client now . 
  did they change this somewhere along the way or i just missed the native client part when the project was announced ? 
  in theory i agree and i think companies should be after the money every time but my experience with warcraft iii is quite the opposite . 
  practically all my warcraft iii playing friends switched to dota and i did n't have anyone to even talk to about warcraft iii . 
  from my egoistic point of view if warcraft iii did not have custom games i would be much better off as an rts fan . 
  now i do n't want to tell people what games to play if they like dotas more than rts let them play it but i ca n't be convinced that custom games will save the rts genre . 
  if they gave the multiplayer for free many people would just pirate the single player . 
  sure bur these are exceptions . 
  you ca n't just expect to become the next cs . 
  that 's like winning the lottery .
