  that 's true except that i think it could be simpler . 
  on the other hand this thread in particular assumes winforms experience so chances are the person will handle it better than the abstract rules of the mvc pattern . 
  so what ? 
  there is web api for that . 
  i would laugh in the face of anyone who builds non-legacy api with mvc these days . 
  oh btw wcf was ok too but i guess we have to hate soap even for non-public , same stack apis like we hate web forms because i do n't know ... twitter does n't use it so it must be bad . 
  that 's true and sad . 
  the anti-webforms propaganda almost killed it or more likely the vocal people left so there are a great number of dark matter web forms developers . 
  on the other hand ... internal application . 
  true but in my opinion server-side frameworks for generating html are dead anyway . 
  mvc is as dead as web forms because people just do n't generate the html on the server anymore . 
  just wait until there is a good solution to the seo problem and as this is their last fortress and they are out . 
  my last app was a web forms app . 
  it had a login page , a logout page and an index page . 
  total of three web forms controls . 
  everything else was a pile of javascript and web api . 
  i think that component frameworks are better in general . 
  there is great value in being able to package behavior and view together and ship it and reuse it that way , with good encapsulation . 
  however this model is not that flexible when the requirements for the components change every year . 
  in my opinion when the web settles down and the way we build web stops changing completely every year component frameworks like google web toolkit will win as their abstractions will be refined and will not leak because suddenly everyone decided to write javascript despite the fact that nobody wanted to touch javascript just a year ago . 
  there is nothing wrong with 7 years old articles for things that were last changed 7 years ago , 
  was this specific to the core . net team because i am sure the asp.net team was deep into open source years before ballmer quit ? 
  is there some way to bet against it ? 
  i am sure he ca n't get to masters with 1 hand . 
  plat - sure , diamond - possible , masters - no way . 
  it is probably possible if he trains like that for a year ... 
  yesterday i was finally fed up with this bug and went on to uninstall the battle.net program . 
  the old launcher decided to optimize my install but stopped on 100 % . 
  i had to reinstall the game ( which these days is done via the battle.net app so i had to install it again and then uninstall ) . 
  and what happens today ? 
  they force me to install again ... 
  on the other hand titanfall worked like a charm . 
  also xbox live is doing fine despite the fact that the ddos morons tweeted that they took it down . 
  obviously both launching a high profile multiplayer game without problems and preventing ddos are possible if you know how to do it . 
  you know how sony built a better console ? 
  that 's because they are a hardware company . 
  ms built a better service because they are a software company . 
  they also have a lot more experience with this for two reasons . 
  they are microsoft and everyone would love to hack them and they have several services that scale to insane levels . 
  azure , windows update , bing ... 
  i would be surprised if microsoft , a company that tries to run cloud business and has multiple critical systems that scale to the level of xbox live ( bing , azure , windows update , onedrive ... ) does not do a better job than sony , a hardware company with a single service of scale . 
  that still means the other side violated thousand of patents . 
  in your example it would be in their best interest to settle . 
  i happen to recall a couple of hours of problems for some users and they said it was a bug not a scaling issue . 
  still i can not recall a high profile multiplayer game with smoother launch . 
  does n't work for xbox one though . 
  i guess it is not something you base your purchase on but if you have both you may end up spending more time on the xbox ... 
  i mean if the psn is not working ... 
  that would require a sound patent otherwise the other company would just defend in court . 
  only google complain loudly about the patent system but they are of course hypocrites and have not done a single action against it . 
  on the other hand node ... chrome ... did not exist when asp.net had async pages . 
  btw is there another industrial ( as opposed to proof of concept ) web framework that was able to do async requests before asp.net ? 
  maybe i should write an article about asp.net being the absolute pioneer in web scalability and post it on reddit and hacker news and wait for the anti-ms crowd to refute it . 
  this is how we can find out , 
  they can claim lawyers fees if they win . 
  at the very least publicly advocate abolition of software patents . 
  as far as i know they do not do that because that puts them in a disadvantage when involved in a lawsuit . 
  you ca n't claim that the patent is both meritless and not meritless  either this patent is bullshit or not . 
  i remember the good old days when we applied the word '' ( patent ) troll '' to non-practicing entities . 
  now we just use it for companies we dislike . 
  so you probably think microsoft do not ship programming languages and compilers these days ? 
  where ? 
  interesting . 
  was that important act ? 
  so basically whoever is not patenting like crazy is complete fool ? 
  it seems like the patent situation is a kind of acceptance fee for newcomers to the tech industry . 
  you pay the old companies to be accepted in the club because they paid those before them . 
  did you just blame python 's problems on windows ? 
  omg roslyn will fail :(, 
  they created the c # version of php just for you . 
  it is called `` web pages '' . 
  i am serious . 
  what were the changes to classic ? 
  why did they do this and why is it considered bad for competitive quake ? 
  i am aware of the general way high level quake is played ( i know about item timings , in control vs hiding player ) but i am not into it enough to know what this change means in practice . 
  interesting . 
  the discussion talks about changes to the prediction code which supposedly made the lg stronger . 
  also people tend to agree that lg was kind of op in quake live . 
  btw does this change result in players switching weapons more often ? 
  i like this aspect of quake a lot . 
  for some reason reminds me of this - http://coding.derkeiler.com/archive/lisp/comp.lang.lisp/2006-04/msg01644.html, 
  tl ; dr ; the guy complains that lisp was so powerful that when he had to work with other languages he could not handle the tasks because he was used to much more powerful tools . 
  i mean more switching depending on the position . 
  like rockets being better in corridors and such and rg being better long-range . 
  you can claim that php is not as bad as it once was but still the fact remains that there is no mainstream language that is worse than php except maybe js and the latter is debatable . 
  on top of that for js we have an excuse - we use it because it is the only thing that runs in the browser . 
  what is the excuse for php ? 
  you 'll need to point to a worse language if you want php to lose the title of worst mainstream language , 
  that may be the case but does anyone start a new mumps project by their own free will ? 
  the whole time i thought this was someone from the crew and this was a joke . 
  there are a lot of alternatives to php . 
  python , ruby , javascript , java , c # ... where is niche for this one ? 
  the right angel is taeja but i ca n't recognize the left . 
  somehow this does not stop 3 ukrainian players from participating . 
  no more skins please . 
  in fact give me an option to not see the current ones . 
  find some other way to monetize , do n't mess with the game even cosmetically . 
  portraits , music files , announcer packs , paid tournament support in battle.net , but do n't touch the game . 
  did tlo ever state he is boycotting russia or something ? 
  i do n't think so .
