  i bet they use the public facing documentation too . 
  after all it documents the product they are building . 
  ca n't say this for most products i 've worked on . 
  msdn includes documentation for customer facing azure services . 
  this is something . 
  more than anything any product i worked on had . 
  it is horrible that the management determines the requirements ? 
  and how does this relate to knowing anything about the competition ? 
  so what ? 
  i go hunting for bugs which is as fun as writing code and i get paid to do it . 
  still i do n't have even this documentation so working at ms still beats working at all the small companies i 've worked for . 
  with steam you do n't have the option to sell the game at all and still steam is a great success with a lot of happy customers . 
  in fact i remember the original rage against steam 10 years ago and remember defending it against the anti-steam crowd on the internet . 
  i personally do n't mind the used games and the online checks at all . 
  i applauded ms for trying to break the console pricing model ( i reasoned the same way this guy implies - let the business models compete and let the best one win ) . 
  however after e3 i am taking a wait and see approach to xbone . 
  why ? 
  - ms totally suck at doing business . 
  it seems like they did not do any research . 
  with their confidence with the used games thing i expected that they know that sony will have it too . 
  or they had signed contracts that xbone games will be cheaper . 
  or they had signed contracts for absurd number of exclusives . 
  or they had signed contracts that state that publishers can not use the used games blocking unless their game is published only on platforms with similar restrictions ... or anything , something !, 
  how do you make such a decision with nothing to back it up ? 
  brave but stupid . 
  why invest in a system where the company that is running it does not know how to do business even if you like the system and do n't mind its restrictions ? 
  - if xbone does n't sell well publisher may start skipping the platform . 
  then i am screwed . 
  not by the used games or always on but by the very fact that the platform is not selling well . 
  you can not possibly know if there will be deals and discounts . 
  this depends on how business and competition between publishers develops . 
  one thing we do know though is that the current $ 60 model prevents deals and discounts . 
  the rendering thing is bullshit ( yeah you may use the cloud to render clouds but who cares ) . 
  on the other hand the thing he says about the servers is really cool . 
  companies will no longer need to shut down the multiplayer servers when the game is not profitable . 
  ms got them covered with auto-scaling infrastructure . 
  steam games do n't cost $ 5 when they come out . 
  i do n't see why people have a problem with ms making the business decision to reduce their customer base to people who have some internet connection once a day . 
  this is their decision to make and i am perfectly sure the reddit crowd or the crowd which discusses the always-on requirement is not part of the people who do n't have connection every day . 
  i personally know that if i do n't have internet for a whole day i 'll be much more upset about that fact in general than that i can not play games on the xbone . 
  ms is directly saying that they are prepared to lose all the 3 people who are potential next-gen buyers but do n't have internet to sony . 
  this is solely microsoft 's problem and i do n't see why anyone can complain about it . 
  it is not proven . 
  it may or may not be true but currently there is no way to check until someone implements something like what ms did and let the business models compete ( remember publishers may choose to take $ 0 from used games and let the current pricing structure remain even on xbone ), 
  yes but not all games have digital releases . 
  or do they ? 
  on launch there will be games because the publishers do n't know which platform will be successful but what if xbone stops at around 5 million consoles and does not sell more after the first year ? 
  why not ? 
  they went out of their way to implement absurd used games policy and always on checks . 
  in addition they actually did some sales on the 360 if i recall correctly . 
  what does the closed system have to do with it . 
  once i buy a pc i am locked to it . 
  it 's like i can play my steam games on xbox . 
  also how do you define `` worth '' ( for kinect adventures ) . 
  to me kinect adventures is worth much more than gears of war because you know i actually played kinect adventures several times and have no interest in investing any time in gears of war even if i get it for free . 
  if by `` worth '' you mean `` costs to make '' then gears of war is probably much more expensive but this is not how markets work . 
  things are sold at the price people want to pay not depending on how much they cost to make . 
  right now many gamers declare that games are too expensive by buying used ones . 
  this means that the market may lower its prices because the customers are not willing to pay the original price . 
  however if the market lowers its prices then the used game market will lower its price even further if not contained by used games policy . 
  also how is there no competition on the xbox ? 
  there are multiple publishers publishing multiple games competing for my money and time . 
  usually one game on pc is on only one system . 
  let alone that for almost a decade steam was the only alternative and it still pushed the prices down . 
  on xbone , not on xbox 360 ? 
  i live in bulgaria and could n't agree more . 
  i just want to add the fact that many console services ( movie rentals , etc. ), 
  are simply unavailable around here . 
  i actually pretend to live in the uk to have xbox live at all . 
  no one says it is . 
  doing business well is hard . 
  btw i do n't support lower prices for poorer country despite the fact that i live in one of those countries . 
  i support free international trade with no region locks or region prices . 
  higher than average here ... on the other hand people who make above the average tend to prefer to buy even more expensive gaming pcs . 
  for example i am quite happy to shell a thousand dollars over a period of two years for a pc instead of buying a console for a generation . 
  ( kinect finally made me do it because it is such a cool technology ), 
  this is in my opinion pretty cool . 
  discs should go away completely . 
  now that i think of it if the xbone did not have optical media it may have been a better device overall ( of course the at lower cost because of no optical drive ), 
  i am a pc gamer ( i only bought a console when kinect was released and only use it for kinect games + i played all the halo games to see how a shooter play on a console ), 
  gog is for ... you know ... good old games . 
  and you are obviously young because steam was there half a decade before gog or any other digital distribution platform for that matter . 
  also many games ( like half the games i play ) have no steam-free release . 
  even if i buy the disc i still need to register the game on steam . 
  and everyone who bought xbone will feel like they bought wii u :( i do n't want to feel like i bought wii u, 
  oh come on . 
  do we really count indie games in all this ? 
  because there are no $ 60 games on steam right ? 
  why should ms have them ? 
  do you think steam forces publishers to participate in the sales ? 
  the publishers themselves should make the sales to compete with each other . 
  also steam did n't have sales for years after it was introduced . 
  well ms has sony to compete with and publishers ( which actually set the price of the products ) have each others to compete with . 
  yeah . 
  slow internet should go away too . 
  the same thing applies to any console and has nothing to do with used games . 
  i never even considered buying a console before kinect . 
  if kinect games were available on pc i would n't have console to this day . 
  if i had steam on the console i would use it . 
  if i could buy mortal kombat and halo on steam and play it on pc i would .
