  hmm as i understand it they are talking about conservative placement in hots not about any specific hots season . 
  you call chun li , the first and most famous female character of any fighting game `` fighting chick '' ? 
  like you do n't know her name ? 
  but you are already masters . 
  did you get demoted at all ? 
  your stats for the season is quite impressive so you probably just went to masters straight away . 
  thank you that 's quite informative . 
  looks like i can expect to be promoted soon ... maybe . 
  you are probably young because i think it is impossible for a male to grow up in the 90s without knowing about chun li , 
  you had a brother ? 
  you did n't kill him after the policy was reversed , did you ? 
  this !, 
  damn stupid internet for complaining without thinking , stupid microsoft for poor implementation and communication and sony for being cowards . 
  discs need to die . 
  they need to die yesterday . 
  kinect is the only reason i own a console today . 
  i play serious games on a pc and i see no reason to own a console ... other than kinect . 
  i am very happy that ms bundles kinect with the console as this means more kinect software . 
  probably but it seems like the sharing option is gone :(, 
  i probably will but the sharing option seems to be gone . 
  in addition discs need to go for everyone because they will drag us down even if i personally buy digital . 
  maybe for someone it is a joke but for me this is exactly what i think about the bunch of losers known as `` console gamers '' . 
  good thing i play on pc and have steam . 
  i actually was defending steam when the morons attacked it back when it first appeared . 
  i was buying games on steam instead of boxes even though they were more expensive just to make a point . 
  discs are a think of the past . 
  console gamers can choke on their own vomit which in this case is used pieces of plastic . 
  of course microsoft are morons for trying to sell it as drm . 
  their marketing is so sad that it looked that they are actually trying to sell the fucking drm . 
  it took a 3 weeks before the public realized family sharing existed because everything was so focused on the bullshit drm . 
  however the praise sony got for basically being cowards is not microsoft 's fault . 
  it is the fault of the gaming community . 
  so in this generation of consoles you have the incompetent and the cowards . 
  pick a side !, 
  the worst part was people praised sony . 
  the cowards !, 
  bashing microsoft for bad marketing and dubious implementation of their ideas is one thing but praising sony for being scared shitless to change anything was just sad . 
  and better ones in my opinion . 
  halo vs killzone , forza vs gt ( i think forza is far more interesting because of the human trained ai feature ) , titanfall ( semi exclusive ) vs final fantasy xiv ( semi exclusive ), 
  and lets not forget that sony did n't even announce the genre of the order so i ca n't really count this game for now although i loved the setting . 
  this is your opinion but the market disagrees . 
  people spend big money on triple a games which means they are generally preferred by the customer . 
  i think 95 % of indie stuff is crap vs only about 50 % of aaa games and the aaa games that are crap are not as crappy as the indie games that are crap . 
  that being said i 'm still a backer of double fine 's games on kickstarter because i am a massive tim schafer fan but nothing else . 
  i would actually pay money to be protected by indie games . 
  i do n't want them jamming my information flow . 
  they also think they need to have bad graphics . 
  this annoys me to no end . 
  in the 80s and 90s graphics were bad because hardware could n't handle any better not because it was cool . 
  strange . 
  for me kinect is the only reason i own a console at all . 
  i am pretty hardcore gamer but i play mostly on pc and if it was not for kinect which in my opinion is a magnificent piece of technology i would not even consider gaming on anything but pc . 
  i am very happy that ms decided to include kinect with every xbox because this means more kinect software - i.e. 
  more value out of my purchase . 
  and then bricks them or leaks all your account info via software ? 
  i am so happy i am a pc gamer . 
  i do n't have my platform screwed by the `` we want to sell our discs '' crowd . 
  i will still buy an xbone because i am 100 % under the kinect spell . 
  i bought xbox 360 as soon as kinect was released and never even thought about buying a console before . 
  i hope so because i would exchange used games for family sharing any day . 
  the cloud is a bunch of computers ( servers ) which developers can use for anything that you would use a server for . 
  the cloud have two important properties . 
  the technical property is elasticity - means new servers can be added and remove easily ( even automatically ) when load increases or decreases . 
  the other property is the business benefit - you do n't rent ( or buy ) the servers in advance . 
  you can pay as you go . 
  what this means for gaming is not exactly proven . 
  microsoft claims that devs can use the cloud to compute graphics which are not updated on every frame . 
  for example you can render a forest with sun rays through the leafs . 
  as one comment put it `` they will use the cloud to render clouds '' . 
  if this is practical is not yet sure but it will require internet connection to work . 
  of course devs may implement a fallback and have less good looking clouds if you do n't have internet . 
  in my personal opinion this whole thing about using the cloud for graphics is marketing bullshit and will not work in practice . 
  however there may be many other benefits from the cloud . 
  for example it can be used to host multiplayer servers which means ea will not have to shut down its old games multiplayer . 
  there can be other interesting features like ais in multiplayer running on infinitely scalable servers or changing the world based on some algorithms . 
  these were announced for forza and that shooter game with funny art and i thought they looked plausible and very creative . 
  we may see more creative use of the cloud in the future but do n't expect better graphics because of it . 
  expect the benefits to come elsewhere . 
  let me remind you that shooters are played on online servers all the time . 
  i do n't see why you will need mmo style lag to have an ai or something run in the cloud if you already accept the lag of playing a shooter online . 
  it is very important to note that with the cloud if the software is implemented properly it is unlikely that there will be shortage of servers like we saw with many game launches including diablo iii . 
  the cool thing about the cloud ( and the main difference with regular dedicated servers ) is that it can scale very easy and companies do n't have to guess the load in advance . 
  multiplayer games do not have ai but the lag is doubled by the fact that there are players on the other side . 
  just imagine that the ai is other players . 
  if you are ready to tolerate the lag of the other players + your own why not tolerate the lag of the ai . 
  note that the ai can run close to the server and not have any network latency . 
  i do n't see what is the problem with improving the ai three times . 
  also note that unlike the hardware of the console the hardware of the cloud can easily be improved over time . 
  i do n't think physics are not suitable for calculation in the cloud for the same reason graphics are not - lag . 
  just to let you know i bought the game on both windows 8 and windows phone , played through it and while the idea was good the game sucked . 
  the single player may be considered decent for a small budget game but i 'd rather spend my time on a real aaa title . 
  the feature i was most looking forward to was cross platform multiplayer . 
  the story there was sad . 
  players did not play their move for a seemingly infinite period of time . 
  the gameplay felt very chaotic in multiplayer ( i both won and lost after seemingly reasonable moves that ended up in total disaster for one side ) . 
  controls on touch devices were absurd . 
  i had trouble placing my units on the right places even on fairly large ( 12 '' ) touch screen let alone on the phone . 
  speaking of the phone the game seemed to set it on fire . 
  no other game or app managed to make the phone so hot . 
  i was looking forward to this game but it ended up in total disaster and some of failures can hardly be blamed on the publisher .
