  also was n't `` 50 years back '' something like high point for the usa . 
  going to the moon and all ? 
  can someone explain what a `` transition team '' is ? 
  what is terrible about tfs ? 
  it looks to me like it is just svn with renamed commands and stellar vs integration . 
  is n't the locking an option that is turned off by default ? 
  last i have seen a locked file was in source safe, 
  yes , and then the social justice warriors attacked . 
  yeah ... the basic human right of government sanctioned marriage ... marriage something that the government has no place in to begin with . 
  there is a manual command to lock ( as is in svn ) maybe someone used it unintentionally . 
  i never had this problem with tfs so it sounds strange to me but i have only used tfs via the visual studio team services . 
  i get the idea of cqrs but in practice i often want to create an item in the database and return the id . 
  say i write a reddit comment send a request and want the id back so when i display it on the page the delete and edit links have the proper id . 
  cqrs says commands do not return results so how the hell do i achieve the desired behavior ? 
  what is more this desired behavior is not an exception i want that id more often than not . 
  aaa ok but this is quite restrictive ( no option to use integers for keys ) and i have to setup code to generate uuid and not use the convenient db generated ids, 
  so ... how do i know i need cqrs ? 
  no but lets say i am writing a blog engine that is going to totally kill wordpress . 
  do i go for cqrs or foe the traditional entities model ? 
  basically rebranded and extended monodevelop . 
  just like they rebranded and extended atom . 
  well i maybe wrong on what is rebranded what but i am damn sure neither vs code nor this thing is visual studio . 
  the existance of monodevelop and xamarin studio is hardly news . 
  people who say they want/miss vs on mac certainly do not mean that they miss the vs brand, 
  just when you think ms joining the linux foundation was the most weird thing ... trump really changes everything . 
  msbuild is open source and cross-platform so it is not tied to windows and vs, 
  feel welcome to submit a benchmark implementation, 
  mutable value types arghhh ... 
  value types themselves are mutable but most value types in the framework and the general recommendation is to make value types non-mutable ( think datetime ) . 
  this means that the behavior of the value type is indistinguishable from the behavior of the same type if it was a reference type ( with the exception of methods designed to test reference equality and boxing ), 
  i was expressing my distaste for the introduction of ( additional ) mutable value types in the framework . 
  why do people find readonly locals so important ? 
  the only value i see is expressing intent but since they are local it is possible for the reader to detect the intent just by reading the whole method . 
  it will be far better to remove both regulations - the net neutrality one and the regulations that prevent competition . 
  the compiler can easily see if the variable has been changed or not . 
  they are just following the hype . 
  too bad they are behind the curve . 
  real hipsters are migrating their go solution to elixir right now . 
  hmm i invented that argument on my own and i do n't see how libertarians can disagree on this . 
  if it was an argument about personhood i would side with the pro-life crowd . 
  that would make sense if the woman was getting pregnant in order to have abortion . 
  since i do not believe this ever happened i think it is safe to look at abortion as cleaning up an unwanted parasite . 
  if things in that blogpost are true this guy is impressive and i would hire him on the spot if i was to make the hiring decision . 
  his blogpost shows good skills in written communication and attention to detail . 
  he even made charts !, 
  then his methodical approach and hard work towards the goal shows that he will be able to overcome his inexperience when he encounters real problems at work . 
  when i take a shower and i come out of the bath naked i go in front of my xbox one with kinect and wave my penis . 
  take that nsa , fbi , cia and whoever else might be watching !, 
  if you chose . net core as your platform rather than . net framework windows is not more first class than macos and linux . 
  but pretty please do n't make it episodic . 
  only my iron will ( tm ) allowed me to wait till now to play it despite having it prepurchased and having nova show up in menus and all . 
  ok i am not buying any more commanders then . 
  got ta vote for the mission packs with my wallet . 
  they can just make the oldest game free . 
  like make wol free now and make hots free when the next mission pack is released and so on . 
  i guess the voice casting and these animations are not as easy to do for the mission packs as they are for the co-op . 
  on the other hand they can combine the effort so who knows . 
  however give me real , canon story not just random `` scenarios '' for the coop, 
  there are two problems with giving mp for free, 
  the players who care about campaign and mp do not overlap that much . 
  it is entirely possible that a free mp does not mean more sp sales, 
  paid mp is one of the few constraints on hackers . 
  if you could just create a new account after being banned for hacking there would be significantly more hacking . 
  yeah but at least i can avoid the perception that i care more about commanders than mission packs, 
  this is debatable . 
  i have not touched any . net core yet although i have started new projects since it was finalized . 
  i simply do not care about the cross-platform stuff and i do not want to fight an immature platform . 
  therefore people who want to run on linux and devs who do not currently use . net might be more interested . 
  if i am already ok running my stuff on windows what does . net core really give me ? 
  it seems to me that hacking in dota does not give the advantage it does in sc2 and in addition the fact that dota is a team game may be important in relation to hacking . 
  i am not saying that hacking is a show stopper for free mp i am just saying that as a player i am not sure i want it . 
  yes it will bring new players which is great but also more hackers . 
  i do n't know if it is worth it . 
  i think that was temporary due to the changes was n't it ? 
  are n't most hacks functional by now except for the ones that quit because daed gaem no moneyz, 
  by definition i do not care about these benefits otherwise why am i deploying on windows right now ? 
  this is selection bias . 
  very small benefit for the huge risk of using immature framework with very little know-how, 
  if i am using . net today i am probably developing on windows and running production on a windows server . 
  obviously for whatever reason this fits my requirements . 
  leanness is not bad but compared to the great risk of immature platform with less know how in practically any existing team it is still not worth it especially if one already knows how to deal with the fat parts of . net, 
  yeah but currently marginal and great risk . 
  i do want to develop with it just because it is fun to try new things but i could n't justify the risk for any real-world project . 
  maybe after half an year if they fulfill their roadmap it will make sense . 
  i mean i do n't feel like using ef with terrible sql generation , project.json that i will have to migrate to msbuild and so on for the small benefits that . net core provides . 
  true but i was responding to a comment claiming that the first groups to adopt core would be current . net users i.e. 
  the users happy with . net . 
  as a matter of fact i would prefer that ms invested in other . net things rather than porting to linux/mac . 
  of course leanness and performance is always good . 
  uhmmm ... no . 
  at least not yet . 
  i mean vb6 and ie6 did not receive major updates with most of the new features from the `` new '' version, 
  maybe in 10 years . 
  this is true but i do n't want my current project to fail because i am using something that is effectively beta . 
  i am talking about projects started after . net core 1.0 was officially released . 
  it simply does n't meet the requirements . 
  complex ef linq queries do not work and ooxml sdk does not work . 
  in addition they promise me that i will have to do that fun migration from project.json half an year from now . 
  oh please do it i dare you . 
  people will not stop watching porn but they might finally start using encryption .
