  yes , if by `` now '' you mean wol and hots . 
  it is not so much that it is static but that it is like 5 seconds vs 16 seconds . 
  big difference . 
  oh that makes sense . 
  thanks for sharing this info . 
  i am sure it did however only the nerdiest nerds will know that , 
  like protoss working on photosynthesis ? 
  do you happen to know how the cooldown works ? 
  is it reset after the 16 seconds or it starts as soon as you start warping . 
  i mean if someone uses a slower pylon will it be the same as using a fast one in the long run or you are slowing the entire production ? 
  noob . 
  waited till 2002 to get sc/bw ? 
  the jsx part of react is so poor engineering . 
  stick your templates in the code that backs them and break every transpiler in existence and potentially be incompatible with future versions of the language ( or more likely force the designers to bend the language to not conflict with your template language ) . 
  they were simply lazy and now they are pulling excuses for this even claiming that it works better . 
  at least they should have put it in string literals so that it does n't conflict with everything in the world . 
  so basically you do n't give a shit if typescript 1.6 added this support or not because you were fine with it not working with jsx before ? 
  first of all i am not against declarative markup language . 
  on the contrary i think jsx itself is fine and i think react is unusable without it . 
  all three of your examples are exactly what i want to see markup in a separate file and a language for view logic ( as opposed to business logic ) in another . 
  this solves a lot of problems like for example typescript and react would be possible to use together from the start without special support . 
  not to mention the difficulty of writing a parser and an editor that supports both html/css autocompletion and javascript code . 
  i do n't see why you hate adding quotes around your jsx so much . 
  it is quite a small price for the benefits of supporting practically any transpiler out there . 
  you can still have syntax highlighting and autocompletion inside those strings . 
  i think this is inferior solution to the one with separate files but still better than the current ones . 
  btw how is coffeescript handling jsx ? 
  are you referring to this ? 
  2 vs 2 is just fine in sc2 but the community frowns upon it . 
  this means you can play as much as you like and you will be able to find opponents but do not expect to be able to watch tournaments in team games and see strategy discussion about 2 vs 2 on places like reddit . 
  for me personally this disrespect for team games is the thing in sc2 i regret the most and the 1st thing i would change if i had the power . 
  my limited experience with ra2 makes me thing that ra2 specifically had reasonable micro , maybe comparable to sc2 . 
  i remember people moving machine gunners that made nests 1 by 1 to push the opponent . 
  was similar to siege tank pushes . 
  i do n't see the point of running another transpiler on the output of typescript . 
  the point of these languages ( be it typescript , coffeescript , dart , etc. ), 
  is to become the main thing you write in so i do n't think you can equate your language to a template engine . 
  your point about splitting the logic does make sense but i still hate to see the view logic mixed with the markup . 
  silverlight was doing fine without it and i would frown on angular markup with a lot of actual code in strings as opposed to directives . 
  i have tried on several occasions to suggest that there should be 2 vs 2 tournaments and even that blizzard should redirect some of their e-sports money that way . 
  i usually end up downvoted because supposedly sc can not be played competitively as a team game for whatever reason . 
  do you claim that statement is true or you are just agreeing with me that this is the perception ? 
  you are half wrong then . 
  to begin with 2 vs 2 does have its own ladder , 
  as a bulgarian i apologize on behalf of our nation for letting that communist guy move to brazil and become a father of your communist president . 
  \u041e\u041a op is completely right . 
  come on content creators do a lore video ( with all the books shit and stuff ) . 
  i am quite familiar with the lore presented in the actual games and even the story in the sc1 game guide but never read any of the books . 
  i 'd love a real lore video like the ones people make for warcraft . 
  if certain race combination is imbalanced then certainly players will choose it without explicit rules for it so just make it like normal tournaments . 
  to be honest he talks specifically about silicon valley startups so he is probably correct . 
  so this guy finally discovered that the sexy toy of 2006-2009 is not sexy any more and that the community consisted mainly of people who like to switch to the new fashionable thing ( currently node ) ? 
  i do n't know . 
  because the silicon valley tv series is so cool ? 
  because they hope to get rich ? 
  still stupid . 
  mindless clicks required . 
  it was fine with autoinject . 
  i have no interest in pressing a button without any decision just to not get behind . 
  of course it is better than hots but i do n't want to deal with that absurdly stupid skill that requires no thinking at all . 
  why do we want people to develop this skill and watch this skill at all ? 
  why do we want this skill to exist . 
  i do n't get it . 
  it is the ability to click a button every 25 seconds or so . 
  why is it interesting , why do we want to do it , why do we admire people who are good at it ? 
  i would have no larva inject at all . 
  i have a hard time thinking of anything more stupid i had to do in a competitive game . 
  it is just pressing a button in order not to get behind . 
  like if you had to press a button every n seconds or 5 workers die . 
  why do i have to do this ? 
  where is the strategy in this ? 
  then why not make players click press a button every n seconds to generate minerals . 
  the more buttons and shorter the intervals the better because it will make the game harder . 
  and while we are at it why not make it impossible to select more than one unit at a time like in dune 2 ? 
  it will certainly make the game harder . 
  i find your opinion very valuable . 
  i guess you find your skill to press a button every 25 second a manifestation of superior intelligence . 
  well if this is true then this is a stupid game ( race ) and they need to fix it by adding some strategy, 
  it is hard to understand what is fun about it and if we accept it is fun why not add more and even harder elements of the same kind like pressing a button to get minerals every n seconds, 
  i do n't have a problem with that but if larva inject is the best they can come up with then they have made a stupid game that deserves to die . 
  however we know from the way the races operate that it is not the best it is in fact the worst . 
  the part about mechanics always being there is simply not true in the sense that there was a time when people wanted to make it less important and then came people who enjoy mechanics and high jacked the game . 
  for example originally sc ladder was played on fast rather than fastest . 
  also sc2 was n't going to have macro mechanics they added it to please people who love mechanics over strategy . 
  we are just voicing our opinion but for a game that have strategy rather than mechanics in the genre name i think we can claim to be the side that keeps it authentic . 
  also if you can point me to a competitive game with more strategy than sc i would gladly go play this game and leave sc to people who love clicking, 
  what you say is true but my point is that larva inject is the poorest design solution in any rts blizzard made . 
  if the race has this problem then they should go to the drawing board and work on it until they come up with something as cool as the chrono boost or at least acceptable like mules . 
  first of all why do n't you go play sc1 by the same logic ? 
  it looks like it would be much better by your standards with arbitrary limitations . 
  i 'm sc1 i did n't like these limitations i tolerated them because of the beautiful strategic game inside . 
  second i disagree that dotas are more strategic . 
  while my experience with them is admittedly limited i did not find great strategic depth in them . 
  they seem to be quite wide ( many skills , items and heroes ) but not very deep . 
  and finally even if they are in fact more strategic the logistics of organizing a 5 person team are just too much for me no matter how fun the actual game is . 
  so i wo n't stop bitching about sc any time soon . 
  speeding up buildings sounds like a good idea . 
  like zerg chronoboost but only for building time, 
  you 'd better use `` as long as i can remember '' instead of `` always '', 
  i do n't really see the need for this .
