  we just gave up and created the one map with different names . 
  if we tried maybe blizzard would try to fix the game design issues that caused funky maps to feel wrong in the first place . 
  i would even prefer imbalanced maps over the current 1 map situation . 
  so tell me which race is op on air maps ? 
  you say x ? 
  how do you know you played 0 games on air maps . 
  we 're not even sure zerg needs to stay a base ahead . 
  nobody explored the 1 and 2 base builds in as much detail as we did with the `` one base ahead style '', 
  you could blind counter the cliff drop and win 80 % of the time . 
  i loveeeeed when roaches were 1 supply 2 armor . 
  i just went 1 gate 2 robo as p and won every game , 
  team games !, 
  i 've been saying team games need more love from both blizzard and the community . 
  we need 2 vs 2 tournaments with high production value and high prize pool . 
  the problem is much deeper than the maps . 
  the problem is the lack of respect for team games . 
  i may be wrong but i simply do n't feel like it was the case . 
  also 1 base play does not mean 1 base play all the way . 
  you can expand at some point . 
  yeah i know exactly who you are talking about . 
  while i love their casting i curse every time they talk about `` nice macro game '' . 
  they are ruining e-sports , 
  so what if it is all in ? 
  if you have enough different all ins that are defended in a different way you can have enough viable strategies for the said map and rely on non-all-in games on the other maps to avoid repetition, 
  yes , please !, 
  well maybe coca will be able to arrange some matches in lol , 
  so let 's thank all the `` nice macro game '' proponents and all the people who say that there should not be team game tournaments , 
  `` but ... but ... multi building selections is bad . 
  it is noobifying the game and ruining e-sports . 
  we need a game that requires a 1000 apm so we can tell which player is good ... '', 
  congratulations now everone is playing lol, 
  bw defined e-sports mainly by chance . 
  once the internet speeds allowed it team games took over ( dota  sc and warcraft iii , cs  quake ) because they are more noob friendly by virtue of hiding how bad you are in the overall team results . 
  now why the starcraft community insists on making the game less noob friendly and proceeds to oppress sc2 team games is beyond me . 
  do n't forget team games . 
  i clearly remember wc3 team games being played in tournaments and official clan wars in at least the first 3 years of wc3 . 
  any respect for team players was denied in sc2 . 
  maybe informing people that there are team games in sc2 will help . 
  you know maybe a 2 vs 2 tournament with a prize will help . 
  i am confident that dota , lol and even cs became popular simply because they were team games . 
  all of them were terrible games when they were released but they allowed you to play in 5 + people team . 
  sc2 is still the best game out there ( and i say this as a person who played sc1 for 12 years ), 
  i came here to point out that both dota and cs started as extremely casual and that casual players love team games because they do n't have to face the fact that they are terrible . 
  i see that you already did a good job at this . 
  i just want to add that the community should promote team matches and allow some 2 vs 2 tournaments with good prize money to sparkle more inerest in casual players . 
  2 vs 2 is not nearly as bad as `` hardcore '' sc players describe it . 
  this is exactly how i remember it including `` nooby '' ut . 
  ok , i 'll have to clarify that . 
  it was a terrible competitive game . 
  there was no concept of what the right team size was . 
  tournaments started from 2 vs 2 up to 7 vs 7 when there were tournaments . 
  most people simply played 15 vs 15 in the mass servers . 
  on cs maps you could win as t simply by shooting the hostages ( talk about balance ) . 
  most of the weapons were useless ( and still are ) . 
  all the tournaments i witnessed around the 1.3 timeframe were with results like 11:1 2:10 meaning one side of the map was obviously stronger . 
  the game had strange dependency on framerate for shooting accuracy ( still has but it is not an issue anymore since everyone can play at 100 fps but it was not the case back then ) . 
  not the game ... it is just not the community for it . 
  artosis only cares about `` nice macro games '' . 
  if you care about anything else you are a noob in his eyes . 
  surely he will miss the point of destiny 's post . 
  ( btw i do n't fully agree with destiny 's post . 
  i think we should emphasize on team games rather than custom games for casual players ), 
  i do n't agree with the balanced maps assumption but this was not the problem with cs . 
  the problem with cs was that nobody was sure how to play cs competitively , not just what maps but what the rules were . 
  for example in starcraft it is pretty clear you just run a melee game and whoever sees the victory screen first wins . 
  with cs they had to figure out their own rules for team size ( obviously 1 vs 1 would not do ) , rules ( cs vs de ) , number of rounds , teams rotating as counter-terrorists and terrorists , starting money , banned weapons , etc. 
  it all seems pretty obvious now but this was not always the case . 
  when you install cs there is no `` tournament mode '' in the menu to get you started . 
  more info please !, 
  who is he and what has he done in the past . 
  well my personal opinion is that casual and semi-casual players love team games . 
  in a team game you do n't have to face so directly how bad you are and you can play with your friends . 
  also you can always balance out teams even if a few players are pro and others are complete noobs . 
  cs is also pretty easy to get you started . 
  no need to learn about weapons and how the game works in general because we 've all seen stalone movies , 
  i do n't think when cs started it was particularly good but it was the right kind of game at the right time ( internet and hardware finally allows team shooters ) . 
  the developers were clever enough to jump on that success and refine the game further until it became very good e-sport . 
  if you think about it since cs was released the popularity of 1 vs 1 competitive games vs team vs team competitive games has only declined . 
  this is why i think sc2 will decline as well if we as a community do not invest in team games ( put in place more team match tournaments with high production value and good prize money ) . 
  it does n't matter how good or casual the game is if it is 1 vs 1 you 'll never attract the masses . 
  / / facepalm !, 
  cheeses are really cool . 
  i play like 30 % cheese and i like when i am cheesed . 
  cheeses usually leave the game in interesting and unexplored state if they do n't kill one of the players . 
  also if a player does not die after cheese the game is left in unusual and unexplored state which is so cool . 
  which relates to all the `` starcraft needs more casual playes '' complaints , 
  i do n't recall destiny posting this though i remember people bringing it up in the comments . 
  in any case this is wrong . 
  cheese drives away scrubs ( look up the definition ) not casuals . 
  casuals enjoy cheesing and watching cheese . 
  i personally get excited because i get to see the player think on his feet instead of repeat what he has practiced . 
  especially true if a cheese is defended in such a way that the game is even after the cheese . 
  in this case the game can go on in the macro game but none of the standard timings work . 
  we get to see the players thinking instead of performing what they practiced . 
  every time i cheese i get told that i do it every game . 
  obviously i have a lot of fans that follow me and know all my games . 
  because you are comparing cs to games that pretty much followed cs 's lead . 
  if you compare it to pre-cs games like quake you 'll see that it is not nearly as easy to get started . 
  it may take you a full day before you make a frag in quake if you 've not played it before and the maps and the weapons are not self explainaory . 
  she could n't communicate with her own players .
