  i am all for dropping backward compatibility with activex and ie old but except that everything in edge seems to be worse than ie . 
  stability is the most obvious problem and ie was n't very stable either . 
  not going to defend chrome at all but anyone who claims edge does not crash more than ie have not used them as a primary browser or simply is in denial . 
  8 range is very serious range . 
  has it ever occurred to you that maybe vs full is so good because they did n't have to bother porting to different platforms and could focus on building the best experience with the best technologies even if they were windows specific ? 
  in this specific case they are doing it to make it easy for companies like intel , amd , nvidia , adobe , etc. 
  to contribute to their browser . 
  i may even use firefox but we were discussing how edge is downgrade from ie . 
  and do n't get me started about how terrible it was before the update last month . 
  you could n't even download an mp3 ( without googling at least ) . 
  you realize office for mac is a separate product . 
  certainly ms could make another visual studio for mac that is just as good but if they have to share the same codebase it would be hard . 
  oh the mbs debate . 
  at least we won that one . 
  we still need to suffer larva injects because of that battle but it was a victory . 
  in 98 the ui and the ai were actually impressive and it took years before aoe2 was comparable . 
  other rtss were even more frustrating . 
  and you did n't even mention performance . 
  first of all my skills are not enough for this let alone that they are not in c++ ( even if they were in c++ they would n't be enough at my level ) . 
  what is more i do n't think the problem with the stupid interface and the features that disappeared is one of the javascript engine . 
  i was on the opinion that ie11 was the best browser especially on touch devices . 
  i am probably another subhuman  on the other hand it was very far from perfect . 
  in the case of browser i wish they started working on stability . 
  i do n't want more html5/ecmascript 7 features and speed . 
  i want something that does n't crash and hang and uses multiple processes per tab but somehow the whole browser becomes not responding due to one tab . 
  i imagine it would n't be so good on windows if this was the case . 
  i have 2 upgrade installs and 2 fresh installs that i am using on 3 desktops and one convertible laptop . 
  the desktops are a bit more stable maybe due to more resources but edge crashes there too . 
  the other rts games did n't even have attack-move . 
  but you are right i forgot about dark reign . 
  it had superior ui i 'd give you that . 
  it had unit behaviors and shit and attack-move . 
  i would believe you if eclipse or even idea was so good but they are not especially in terms of speed . 
  maybe your usage patterns differ . 
  and i am not talking about machine crashes just edge closing, 
  does anyone find this sad ? 
  not that it is husky but in general . 
  i find it extremely sad that people watch this and there are other people willing to create the content . 
  it makes me lose faith in humanity . 
  i mean people who do n't want to be fighting the ui just to make the game harder . 
  ad-block replacement . 
  also i believe ms hates google enough to implement something that does at least something to block their tracking . 
  yeah aoe2 is ok but it came more than a year later . 
  also the ai is worse than sc if memory serves me right . 
  idea ( and eclipse for that matter ) have more features but the discoverability sucks ( you have to know that the feature exists to find it ) and they both are visibly slower and resource hungry . 
  idea is great but still worse than visual studio especially in terms of performance and feature discoverability . 
  there are proper respectable jobs for uneducated people that provide value for society like prostitution . 
  i swear i enjoyed his casts a lot and i like the guy but he was absurdly incompetent on game stuff . 
  i will never forget that idra game where the opponent was massing thors and idra builds some corruptors ( after throwing away like 3 limits of ultras and failing ) and hd declares `` i think he is giving up , i do n't know why he built corruptors '', 
  as a father of a 6 month old girl the prospect frightens me . 
  she wo n't grow a native english speaker so maybe that would prevent these type of youtube shows from entering my life . 
  i realize different people are entertained by different things but come on ... also are these people satisfied with what they are doing . 
  would they watch it themselves if it did n't make them money ? 
  full supply ultralisks . 
  selecting each building and ordering it to produce an unit , being required to press a button every 30 seconds to sustain production . 
  think this would help ? 
  people who want to insult you will still find something . 
  i am not sure what this means but sounds like something i would be a fan of . 
  do n't worry hd did n't get it either , 
  we all have to live with something ... 
  probably could be worse for her . 
  i do n't mind that being in the ui but my experience with rts games that allowed it shows that it is very dangerous and i often avoided using it since sometimes you can find your economy starved . 
  btw i love the old chrono boost . 
  i disagree that in a rts you need to be fighting the ui . 
  most of the time even in sc2 i am not limited by the ui but by how fast i can think . 
  if i felt that fighting the ui was my main problem ( and it is a problem just a smaller one ) i would just stop playing the game because i find this boring and not stimulating intellectually . 
  i do n't mind that i just hope she watches vi hart or something ... 
  wait !, 
  units move to attack the disruptor shot ? 
  i have heard other ( not so famous ) people express the same opinion before . 
  and i agree . 
  that 's very good point . 
  o crap ... 
  but to search for an action you have to know that the action exists and probably how it is called . 
  why is that ? 
  my baby just slept most of the time at that age and my girlfriend took care for most of the time she was awake . 
  now she is 5 months old and not so sleepy but we are fortunate to be able to enlist the grandmas . 
  i never understood why these american cardboard houses are so expensive . 
  it seems like you could punch through the wall if you tried . 
  you should realize that diamond now is harder than diamond then . 
  now it is like 8-9 % and back then it was like 18 % . 
  also the amount of players is reduced and it is reduced mainly from the lower leagues ( people who play better tend to stick longer ) . 
  do n't blame yourself if you ca n't reach this place again and if you do reach it know that it is greater achievement now . 
  well considering that it is hard to spot a liberator over a command center in an actual game i 'd call this problem pretty minor . 
  it is practically impossible to see stationary invisible units unless you know exactly where they are, 
  yes but to achieve that maps were significantly more boring . 
  i also find it strange people think not declaring variables is a good idea . 
  if you want readability why not use `` and '' and `` or '' instead of & & and | | ? 
  i would advocate for inherits and implements too but these are debatable while `` and '' and `` or '' are even easier to type than the equivalent symbols . 
  also a statically typed language without generics should not be used in 2015 for anything but legacy reasons . 
  even `` want to know if it exists '' is inferior to visual studio 's `` it helps without user action or is in the context menus '' . 
  for example in visual studio when i want to change an overload or am just exploring overloads while writing code i can delete an argument and vs will pop the intellisense for argument . 
  in java ides it is super frustrating i have to delete the whole call . 
  i 've been told ctrl + shft + space or something similar will display the autocomplete but i can not test it now . 
  but for a couple of years casual programming ( coursera algorithm courses for example ) i thought you just ca n't do that . 
  great but this is not what i am talking about . 
  i am talking about calling a method with multiple overloads and deciding i want another overload then deleting an argument in order to replace it with another . 
  in this case the autocomplete is numb ( at least was when i last tried ) . 
  now again idea is great ide but i am just pointing out to little things that make vs feel more painless . 
  if i was working full time with idea i would certainly learn the tricks and there are tricks to learn with vs but the main workflow with vs comes more naturally because the main features ( we agree that argument intellisense is a core feature ? ),
