  i have like 50 steam games and i have not played 2 or 3 . 
  to be honest i bought like 10-15 games which i played once upon a time and did not play again after i bought them on steam like doom 2 but i do n't think this counts . 
  i am pretty resistant to the sales attacks . 
  well ok then . 
  so maybe i can request the level of play ? 
  depends on your definition of `` best '' . 
  for me the sc2 scene ( and the very early sc1 scene ) is much better than most of the sc1 history where mechanics dominated over innovative strategic play and koreans dominated everyone else . 
  but i did play the game . 
  however i pirated it ( there was no place to buy it around here ) so i decided to pay for it . 
  i continue to insist that it does not count , 
  yes , it is late . 
  for example in my timezone it is 22:14, 
  there 's been extensions for automatically closing braces for some time now . 
  however i find it really hard to shake off this habit . 
  i think i will be turning this feature off if it is in the product . 
  when i use java ides auto-closing braces drives me crazy . 
  at one point i was in a position to interview people and i always wanted to ask the interviewee if he played starcraft ( or quake ) . 
  however i was not the one who made the hiring decision so the question did not make much sense . 
  on the other hand we used to play starcraft ( and later quake ) in the office after work hours so when the new hire actually came for his first day one of my first question was about playing starcraft , 
  on the other hand starcraft has always been in my cv but nobody ever asked me about it :(, 
  then why does the author talk about women in technology ? 
  there is much more hate towards women drivers than towards women in technology . 
  my point is that it has nothing to do with the course being about programming . 
  btw i am perfectly sure the girl does n't want to deal with programming not because of the students in the class but because she does n't want her crazy mother to mess with her career . 
  i mean she did n't say she does n't want to drive , did she ? 
  so php runs `` thing that connects everything '' ? 
  imagine if it turns out the teacher actually teaches vb.net and not vb6 . 
  it would be so ironic since vb.net is one of the best mainstream languages out there practically on the level of c # . 
  if she was a boy she would probably be beaten or something . 
  that 's what we did in school - fight with the boys and joke with the girls . 
  i will not be able to watch star wars the same way anymore . 
  i ca n't unread this . 
  you are a terrible person . 
  i wish i could check and verify my assumptions , 
  it is a well known fact that everyone who is better than you is a `` no life '' and everyone worse is a `` noob '' , 
  i do n't leave the braces unclosed . 
  i type both braces and position the caret inside with the arrow keys . 
  for the past 10 years i 've become so used to that that if an ide tries to help with this particular issue it gets in my way . 
  i realize it is far from optimal but 10 years of typing braces are not easy to shake off . 
  i have to see how the overtype works . 
  maybe with time i will stop writing braces the old way ... on the other hand sometimes we write small snippets of code without the ide and the old way works fine in notepad . 
  i like the f # approach more . 
  once you enable indentation based syntax the tab becomes illegal character , 
  honestly i do n't understand why people bother with old media at all . 
  they are obsolete and lose their influence every day . 
  leave them to rot . 
  i am taking the coursera algorithms course right now and i use intellij idea and i can definitely say that the editor and debugger are just sad compared to visual studio . 
  not that they are lacking but they are not user friendly at all . 
  for example the fact that i can not see parameter information when i type comma in a parameter list drives me crazy . 
  hmmm now that i tried it you are correct and i am wrong the parameters do appear although there is some delay . 
  on the other hand the first parameter does not appear after typing the opening parenthesis of the parameter list . 
  btw the other thing that annoyed me a lot is that the option to break on exception in the debugger was off by default . 
  this is even more useless than visual studio 's question `` your program does not build would you like to run the latest version that did build '', 
  it turns out i was wrong . 
  the info is missing only after typing the opening parenthesis of the parameter list but does appear on comma ( i.e. 
  there is an issue only with the first parameter ), 
  you probably missed july 's hit article '' [ why mobile web apps are slow ] ( http://sealedabstract.com/rants/why-mobile-web-apps-are-slow/ ) '' . 
  still a net win considering that you write in c # instead of objective-c or javascript . 
  how could they possibly win anything if they do that . 
  even if c # becomes the most popular language in the world and everyone uses it how are ms going to make money out of that ? 
  i mean objective-c since your previous post mentions ios and as far as i know there is no production quality framework for developing in java for ios . 
  on the other hand the same thing is true for the android side of things . 
  i do n't know if xamarin is by definition a startup since they have announced that they are profitable . 
  on the other hand if you are tying your code base to the success of particular mobile platform why not tie it to xamarin . 
  as a wp user and developer i really do n't feel like there is a big apps problem right now . 
  ironically the most serious app problem for wp comes from google blocking various apps for user services most notably ms developed youtube app . 
  in addition you say they need apps `` now '' but even if they begin this strategy today the apps will come no sooner than 2 years from now . 
  also they do have a halo for wp ( although they also released it for windows 8 which kind of reduces its value for wp ), 
  why ? 
  is reddit only for open source projects ? 
  i am quite happy he posted it here since i may have missed it otherwise . 
  there was a chance documentation for this project might have been useful so they did n't write it . 
  the whole point of leagues is to hide your actual skill so people do n't get desperate by their actual rank of 34567th . 
  it makes no sense to have granularity of 1000 for leagues as this will defeat the purpose . 
  i actually agree . 
  however blizzard probably wo n't join our cause of reducing the sc2 player base by kicking out everyone who ca n't handle the heat . 
  it is obviously and officially made to bullshit people . 
  this is how you get normal people to play competitive game . 
  i actually think it will be better to introduce automated tournaments warcraft iii style . 
  no matter how granular you make a league somebody would want it more granular and more granular leagues means not only more promotions but more demotions as well . 
  i am perfectly sure that a demotion is much more demotivating than not getting promoted . 
  on the other hand tournaments are much smaller investment . 
  you put in a couple of hours and if you fail you just try again . 
  i am not sure how much less people will play if they drop the bullshit so i am not sure it is a stupid idea from the point of view of the company blizzard . 
  i certainly think it is stupid from my point of view though i catch myself falling for the bullshit more often than i 'd like to admit . 
  chess is a bit of different community and how do we know that ladder anxiety is not an issue there ? 
  i mean maybe even more people would play chess if they had leagues . 
  so this would be meaningful for like a thousand people who can see their rank ? 
  not if it means less windows software, 
  i did n't realize there are so few people playing sc2 . 
  summing up the numbers it looks like \u2248 220k are playing and i expected double that number, 
  he did retire because of the army thing though ? 
  nope . 
  i clicked on global . 
  the us server is like 80k, 
  as you ca n't get demoted anymore they are forced to put you in a lower league initially so they can make sure you deserve the higher league . 
  previously they could put you in your normal league and just demote you if you do n't perform . 
  since this change i keep getting diamond at the start of each season and i need to make my way back to masters . 
  are these 12 million playing every month or this is just the number of accounts . 
  not that i am jealous of their numbers just curious .
