  however based on what i have seen/read about windows 8 if you work this way nothing will change . 
  the search still works the same in metro start menu and you can still pin whatever you want . 
  the only difference will be that your screen will be hidden under the start screen while you search . 
  in the past year i have had gold membership and i have been buying tickets for all side events . 
  i have already written to your support team twice ( once on the last event and once on the previous one ) explaining how i will not renew my gold membership . 
  very poor support for ie . 
  i do n't need to be told to install firefox i need your site to work on ie . 
  because the experience on ie is a disaster i usually use opera and all other things i will say happen on both ie and opera . 
  your normal ( not the streaming page but the front page ) site is extremely slow and hard to navigate . 
  why do i see popping ad that takes 1/4th of the screen on your normal site when i pay for gold membership ? 
  if you 've calculated the revenue for this ad for gold members just give me more expensive gold membership without ads ( be reasonalbe ! ), 
  i watch streams on core 2 duo 2.13 ghz dual core laptop with gf8600m video card , 4gb ram and my whole computer becomes laggy when your player is working . 
  the cpu jumps to 100 % . 
  i do n't think this is reasonable and i really do n't have any idea how you achieve this . 
  maybe i should watch on my quad core gaming machine ? 
  i am really annoyed that sometimes i need to copy and paste codes around when i am already logged in . 
  watching mlg is by far the worst experience compared to other tournaments i watch ( and pay for when there are paid options ) - gsl and dreamhack . 
  i stopped watching iem for very similar reasons that i will stop watching mlg if you do n't fix them . 
  i did not use other options to watch the stream simply because i did not know they existed . 
  what 's with the lack of scrollbar when the player can not fit the screen ? 
  i ca n't access the controls and have to go full screen with f11 ... why ? 
  what i want is pages for the following things with nothing else on them :, 
  main page with links to the other pages, 
  a page for each stream with the simplest possible player ( play , pause , quality , full screen ), 
  a page to play the vods with simple player . 
  a page with a schedule, 
  a page with the brackets . 
  this is all . 
  as a developer myself i realize how hard it is to develop a player like your but you should realize that i come to your side for the content not for your fancy player . 
  your player is something that makes it hard for me to access your content . 
  i do n't know who watches more than 1 stream at a time . 
  i know i ca n't . 
  if i for some reason wanted to i would just open another tab . 
  yeah the ie ads were totally ironic were n't they ? 
  as if mlg was trolling me while i was fighting with their player . 
  strange ... 
  i 'll take different tabs any day over this mess . 
  because i want that 's why !, 
  also i am paying . 
  i can of course stop paying and go to twitch . 
  btw it sucked under opera as well . 
  i want to see the mlg guys throw incontrol out by force , 
  i just ca n't watch more than 1 stream at a time . 
  i was commenting on brackets , schedule , etc. 
  i would want these in separate tabs even if i could watch 4 streams at once . 
  i agree that it is annoying but it is not that annoying . 
  i find the hot corners much more annoying . 
  how about i just stop paying for mlg and go watch on twitch instead ? 
  i watched on a laptop with 768 vertical resolution and constantly had to hit f11 . 
  everything was pretty laggy on ie . 
  i have long reply to the main thread with the details . 
  i watched the brackets on liquipedia . 
  i checked the schedule in the player because i did not know where else i can see it . 
  btw their tournament rules suck as well . 
  extended series , pool play , players joining pool play , winners , losers , championship brackets wtf ?!?!, 
  so which of these do you mind an why ? 
  building grid is only useful for the defender not for the attacker . 
  all these suggestions were for hos . 
  i would not agree to change the timings before the expansion either . 
  the vision pathing thing used to happen quite often on xel naga caverns when players blocked the side path to the natural ... but hey i warned these were minor !, 
  i really want to know why you are against them , 
  i did not say any of these are important just a little bit annoying . 
  changing the game time is really trivial . 
  just multiply the numbers by some constant value ( 1.38 to be exact ) when they are displayed in the interface . 
  no need to change the internal clock of the game just what is displayed in the ui . 
  can you say why you do n't agree with the 3rd one ? 
  good point against the mineral walk vision . 
  on the other hand in starcraft i most maps had vision of at least one minera from the main . 
  i am not sure what the case in sc2 is since i never had to take care of this but i guess it will be rare to not be able to see a mineral . 
  also most pvz games are forge expand anyway . 
  i do n't follow . 
  do you mean you want to expand mineral walking your probe out while blocking your ramp with zealots ? 
  otherwise i do n't see how changing the mineral walk will affect defense . 
  really ? 
  can you please link the source ? 
  i am pretty sure you ca n't override anything on string in . net since it is sealed . 
  also as pointed out already in a static language this operator does not cause nearly as much problems . 
  so wp9 ? 
  coach lee should teach the eg coach ( whoever he is ) how to beat his players with a stick . 
  i do n't think there is a team more spoiled than eg . 
  maid ? 
  they should be put on a sumo-like schedule where the new guys do the cleaning and the cooking . 
  this is `` the problem '' ? 
  how did you know that ? 
  does `` harassment '' with no additional info mean gender harassment in the english language ? 
  honest question , i 'm not a native speaker and got confused as well . 
  by `` harassed '' you mean that some guy had sexy women in his slides ? 
  ( because this is what i read in a link in another comment ), 
  in what way are they harassed ? 
  i 've been to multiple tech conferences and know many female devs who attended including my girlfriend and i have yet to hear by any of them of any form of harassment . 
  either americans are very creepy or american women complain about bullshit . 
  i just want to find out which one it is , 
  the noirin shirley 's case is downright shocking . 
  i could n't imagine this on a tech conference but i doubt the actual place where the incident occurs has a role here . 
  i skimmed through the wiki and i could n't see an incident that was harassment . 
  almost all of them are simply sexism and in most cases it seemed like overreaction . 
  you literally do n't know what `` literally '' means . 
  you forgot ntt - funniest player to watch eve.r btw he did play some sc2 and was in the top 200 lists for europe blizzard posted before there was gm league . 
  he is known for raging and bm in general so ... , 
  so they put it in the dictionary so we can check what he means ?
