  it is obvious that it overrepresents some languages ( ruby , python ) and underrepresents others ( c # , delphi and even php ), 
  because jobs do n't point to ruby being anywhere near the second most popular language in the world and neither does any other metric in the world . 
  you are right . 
  for some reason i assumed this is supposed to show popularity or something about the development done in those languages . 
  it also overreporesent communities that have strong open source culture . 
  for example php devs are much more likely to develop actual websites than share open source code and c # developers often post their code elsewhere ( codeplex ), 
  no . net was a bit disappointing . 
  so only free and open source software can be benchmarked ? 
  they are testing on amazon right ? 
  then the cost of windows is negligible because they wo n't have to buy a license just rent an instance . 
  from the amazon ec2 faq :, 
  when i import a vm of windows server 2003 or 2008 , who is responsible for supplying the operating system license?when you launch an imported vm using microsoft windows server 2003 or 2008 , you will be charged standard instance hour rates for amazon ec2 running the appropriate windows server version , which includes the right to utilize that operating system within amazon ec2 . 
  you are responsible for ensuring that all other installed software is properly licensed . 
  iis is a standard windows component and has always been free of additional charges . 
  do you suggest that people think that a framework will magically make their code fast if their algorithms are slow because i do not think anyone believes this . 
  java supports asynchronous request processing and while i have not checked the implementation i assume the devs are not idiots and do not just spin threads and use blocking i/o . 
  but what about asynchronous i/o ? 
  surely node.js is the only framework that supports this . 
  i mean they invented it , right ? 
  my experience is in . net and i am not sure java works the same way but i suppose this is the case . 
  it probably wo n't use 1 thread per client but use thread pool instead . 
  1 thread per client will result in poor performance when the number of clients grow . 
  . net defaults to 25 threads per core for practical reasons but obviously if someone wants maximum throughput they should use 1 thread per core . 
  i do n't ser how java 's use of threads explains that it is faster than node . 
  note that node makes use of all available cores just like java does but it 's parallelism is achieved through multiple processes . 
  i nominate webmatrix and lightswitch for the title of `` most useless products to ever come out of microsoft 's devdiv '' . 
  how are unranked and ranked combined ? 
  i thought the whole point of unranked is that it is ... unranked ? 
  i do n't think this is anything related with actual ladders . 
  we all have good and bad days . 
  well it should have stabilized after one season , no ? 
  we probably will see the ladder slowly become harder as casual players switch to other games . 
  i got diamond ( from masters ) but was back in masters after 10 games . 
  frankly mass demotions do not make sense if everything is percentage based anyway . 
  / / facepalm !, 
  if true this seems like a complete wtf . 
  btw when i click unranked i get silver and gold players and i am masters . 
  i do n't think i get to play against gold and silver players when i play ranked . 
  i am really curious about the thought process of bronze league players . 
  these people make decisions that are totally absurd . 
  they are not just mistakes but conscious decisions . 
  for example at one point the protoss player decides to build 5 pylons despite the fact that he has like 60/100 supply . 
  now i do throw an occasional pylon when i do n't need it due to brain automation and muscle memory but 5 pylons are surely a conscious decision and i doubt bronze players have developed that much muscle memory . 
  bronze level games are full of these kinds of seemingly absurd decisions but i am sure there is some method to this madness that i just ca n't see . 
  hmm that would be interesting . 
  so if i play enough unranked i will get better players on unranked ? 
  visual studio has the ability to install iis express for years . 
  let alone that the development server was never a real issue for me when developing software . 
  higher than gold leagues were unchanged . 
  but who are they designed for ? 
  i am perfectly sure that those who these products are designed for will never hear about them . 
  in addition if they hit a problem they will not be able to get help from professional developer because professional developers never bothered to use them . 
  i know the theory behind these products ( tech savvy information workers who do a little bit of coding ) but the products themselves do not seem much more simpler than vs express to me . 
  also if someone disputes the nomination they should nominate their own devdiv products for the title of `` most useless '', 
  our people will show him european power and he will have to pack his stuff and go back to korea , 
  i personally consider the friends and contacts i made in the 15 years of playing starcraft the most valuable thing i got . 
  most of them work in it just like me so they help a lot . 
  btw check out this guy :, 
  i 've yet to see anyone move to vs from web matrix ... in fact i 've yet to see anyone actually use web matrix or even heard of someone using web matrix except for people who are already familiar with vs. 
  so which ms dev div product is more useless in your opinion ? 
  powerful european players will make him regret that decision , 
  european no name players are strong enough to eliminate him from all the qualifiers . 
  go europe go !, 
  this has been annoying me to no end when watching tournaments in the last couple of months . 
  for some reason someone decided that supply and resources should be shown in the lower part of the screen when all players are used to looking for these numbers in the upper right . 
  i hope gsl changes this really soon because it is so annoying . 
  i feel as my apm for watching starcraft is reduced by 30 % when the supply/resources info is not where it belongs . 
  because as players we are trained to look at the upper right when we want to get this information . 
  i will probably keep looking for this information forever since i actually play the game . 
  do you even play the game ? 
  how can you stop being confused if you nonstop get confused back by playing the game and watching first person streams ? 
  i 've been watching a ton of starcraft and i ca n't stop being confused . 
  even my girlfriend is confused and she plays a lot less than me . 
  i do n't think i can ever get used to it unless i stop playing the game . 
  i am annoyed when they hide the minimap during battles let alone this ... 
  i ca n't get used to this even though i watched all gsl vods . 
  i ca n't imagine it is possible . 
  yeah but the only way to explain it for me is that people who get used to it either do n't play or do n't look for the same things when watching a game . 
  for example someone who prefers watching explosions and death animations will prefer this new way but i want to see the actual stats and follow the game . 
  i can make an argument why access is much more meaningful than those products but then again access is not deb div product, 
  i like underdogs as much as the next guy but i have other reasons to root for foreigners . 
  a strong foreigner scene means bigger and better future for starcraft . 
  i feel guilty that i will go see that movie . 
  the first one was so insultingly stupid . 
  i 've wondered about this for a long time . 
  i have a lot of friends that like anime and it does n't make any sense to me as the other things they like are actually good . 
  some genres are definitely more stupid than others . 
  for example i can not imagine how a romantic comedy can possibly be good , 
  what 's the twitter account i wan na read , 
  yes . 
  i have formed some opinion on other products that i have not used but none of them seems so pointless . 
  i challenge you to point out to a product you find more useless , 
  eh i missed it . 
  they may get reality check at dreamhack but they still do n't whine about open competition , do they ? 
  when us players manage to beat the koreans i will be just as happy as i am now . 
  you should be grateful that we are not calling it the us region , 
  i am !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !, 
  usa !,
