  i did not do any research on the story but i would expect that both the buyer and the seller hold non-negligible because they were first adopters . 
  so they are probably not angry at all . 
  how many btc were dumped at that moment ? 
  same here 7/10 would n't touch ruby with a stick, 
  my personal view is that hodling bitcoin is a political statement . 
  hodling when it crashes is a stronger stance than trading to make a profit . 
  xaml or death !, 
  i 'd say that this is hard enough to be non-practical . 
  probably someone should make a product out of this but i guess this is what unity are doing . 
  i am not selling . 
  ever . 
  i am not in for the money i am in for the freedom . 
  now of course i might buy things with the btc i own directly but the btc i own will never be exchanged for fiat while i own them . 
  i do n't know ... joel is cashing out for making a good product . 
  seems like capitalism works just fine . 
  i do n't think so . 
  splitting is bad . 
  also damn near impossible to attract significant number of new players and sponsors via sc1, 
  you realize that `` semi-allin '' is an oxymoron , right ? 
  yeah , pros should just drop all their strategies out there instead of using them to win games . 
  they are very open to contribution . 
  after all user pc principal with south park avatar did find & replace on master/slave with primary/secondary and they merged the pull request that broke their compiler . 
  the user was pcbro and the rename was to leader/follower, 
  i always use this explanation . 
  i have 30 seconds so i would add `` it can be sent through the internet and acquired through `` mining '' which are operations backed up by solid math which ensures that the end result resembles gold '', 
  basically a way to implement an interface without adding the interface and its implementation to the class itself . 
  who the hell downvotes this ? 
  super interesting serious c # stuff here with negative score in / r/csharp, 
  this allows you to implement the interface on a class you do n't control . 
  of course it is not an `` interface '' it is a `` concept '' but works the same way . 
  basically the concept and its implementation is decoupled from the type you are implementing it on . 
  in most cases you do want to guarantee that the element exists . 
  it is not that single is better it is that code that guarantees that the element exists is better . 
  of course there are valid cases . 
  if there were no valid cases singleordefault would n't exist . 
  what the article claims implicitly is that codebases should aim to reduce the valid cases for singleordefault which will improve their quality . 
  fuck silent errors so typical for dynamic languages like javascript , ruby and php . 
  that hex method is an embarrassment to whoever wrote it . 
  you do n't replace errors with 0 and you do n't write empty catches and you make the programs crash hard , period !, 
  obviously the #hex function is the broken part . 
  whoever wrote it should not be let near any software of any significance . 
  ruby , php , javascript are really happy to encourage silent errors for some bullshit reason . 
  i was about to suggest using a browser with some kind of reading view but then edge failed to generate reading view on that particular site which means that the layout is crap . 
  your advice only applies if you are building a library or something development related . 
  you can build a mobile app - no need to provide documentation . 
  i run my full node from time to time but i do n't think the amount of nodes means that much . 
  once we 're beyond the point that makes ddos pointless we are not contributing much . 
  if you decide not to die you can make something useful for the cause, 
  use only encrypted communication online . 
  make your friends use the encrypted communication tools ( examples : telegram , jitsi , tor browser , etc. ), 
  make security and privacy part of your buying decisions . 
  for example microsoft fought to block us court orders to hand over user information stored outside the us . 
  apple fought an order to unlock an iphone . 
  you wo n't find perfect company , far from it but you should vote for your wallet for the lesser evil . 
  convert part of your income and purchases to bitcoin . 
  if you receive some payment in btc and spend it in btc you are showing the government a big middle finger . 
  it means more than voting and in some cases you can even skip taxes ( but skipping taxes is risky and should be done carefully ), 
  because protesting in washington protects your identity, 
  if there are videos from the conference make sure to post them here so we do n't miss them . 
  on a more serious note , the box selection should not select the disruptor ball if friendly units are a subject for the same selection, 
  what is the significant part that manning leaked anyway ? 
  civilian casualties in iraq were 20-30 % more than previously reported ? 
  big deal if you do n't mind war because there are 20k civilian casualties you probably wo n't mind the war with 30k civilian casualties . 
  plot twist - trump pardons assange because he leaked dnc shit , 
  if the source is available and blizzard do not ban then everyone will just run an ai and flood the ladder with the same ai, 
   how many people are really willing to spend their computer time letting an ai play starcraft ? 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  especially if the ai gives them above average rank among the human players . 
  the ai ladder is a great idea . 
  keep hoping . 
  what do they require that they pay the prize to a team ? 
  what if a teamless player wins ? 
  the proper thing to do is to talk to your players and tell them that they can get your money and shut down the team immediately or lend their money to the team in hope that it will see better days and repay . 
  enabling these things was the main purpose of roslyn, 
  my bet is on the summer with the new version of . net core, 
  can someone explain why they built valkyries even before there were wraiths but then moved to pure wraith composition when they passed over 20 wraiths . 
  it seems coutner-intuitive . 
  i would expect valkyries to be more useful when the flying army is larger . 
  i thought about this but it seems that flash 's opponent got the air control once he added like 3 valkyries . 
  this is the thing they started with valkyries then when the valkyries died they did n't remake for some time ( like 20 wraiths ) and then the non-flash players made some valkyries and got the air control . 
  i would expect to start with wraiths and add valkyries at about 6-7 wraiths but this is pretty much the reverse of what happened, 
  so imagesharp it is !, 
  once it hits 1.0 and . net core hits 2.0 of course, 
  the first thing i wrote in typescript ( a port of the first thing i wrote in silverlight ) - http://sietch.net/viewnewsitem.aspx?newsitemid=242, 
  it would be useful to have suggested answers for these . 
  where do you stand on free market , government regulation and taxes ? 
  i am sure that the bullshit generation team a.k.a. 
  the lore team can handle the situation . 
  how about this - kerrigan keeps her human female mind so she was a fan of heels before and decided to add heals to her zerg outfit because girls do n't care about efficiency when they pick their shoes, 
  i ca n't help but wonder would it be so problematic to simply limit the tuples to 8 elements instead of go for this magic . 
  true but it seems like wasted effort . 
  on the other hand it probably does matter for tool generated code . 
  is that something for vim and emacs users because typing in this is nothing like typing in my ide ? 
  marketing article from a company that has moved from . net to js . 
  i think this release is just a beta channel is n't it ? 
  i mean i am typing this on edge using res so obviously res on edge is not a new thing . 
  it does n't look like anything exclusive has been developed . 
  there is just a beta channel for edge now while previously users had to use the official release and could not test in advance . 
  of course it is easy to make the point for developing exclusively for x ( for whatever x ) - people use it . 
  is this a 10th anniversary article on linq ?
