  also the military were always well fed and in fact this is a major motivation to join the military in nk . 
  the same thing happened to me 2 days ago . 
  the guy was annoyed by my turtle mech . 
  luckily i had already seen the movie but i was wondering what kind of asshole you should be to do that . 
  that 's worse than people wishing cancer . 
  clone wars is canon . 
  the clone wars is canon and not expanded universe . 
  hey he said the same . 
  apparently he thought turtle mech was worse than spoiling star wars, 
  unsuccessfully most of the time but still better success rate than playing bio against zerg, 
  except that they do n't realm cause cancer but they do spoil the film . 
  so how did he know if the movie had n't come out ? 
  turns out there was an l.a. premier - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_wars:_the_force_awakens, 
  probably for reviewers or something . 
  i go for 1 vase hellion drop ( constantly producing up to 3 medivacs ) while upgrading and expanding . 
  on a good day i manage to get the third with that . 
  then based on scouting info i go for thor/liberator or tanks . 
  if the zerg does one stupid attack into the defense ( assuming i got the proper one ) i have enough units to take a third with 3 attack on land mech . 
  i add second armory and upgrade armor and air attack . 
  of course these are too many variables that can go wrong but it seems like a bunch of baneling all-ins that mostly fail against this strategy compensate . 
  i am currently diamond on eu . 
  seems like i play on waves and sometimes i get to the very top of diamond and then fall to like # 30 in my division . 
  my terran definitely drags me down while zerg pulls me up but honestly the tvp is much more severe problem than the tvz . 
  i also use 3 rax reaper in tvz depending on the map . 
  i had quite a bit of trouble picking up a status code when post/put request results in a fk violation in the database . 
  i ended up with 409 conflict . 
  started using this for some other types of validation based on business rules . 
  always felt like i was not doing it right . 
  the invincible nydus makes my head explode . 
  seems like they implemented a dice roll mechanic to win or lose the game . 
  yeah i either go for macro ( usually on orbital shipyard via expand , cyclone , 3rd cc ) and most often lose the mid game m&m even if i hold the harass perfectly or go for proxy widow mine and still lose even if i harass perfectly . 
  seems like i only win tvp by pure luck or when i am cheesed . 
  i love being cheesed . 
  the wings are super annoying . 
  i would pay $ 20 for the ability to disable opponent skins . 
  i was worried . 
  did n't see any drama in weeks . 
  i guess it would be easy to reduce the full mod to only zerglings mod but i doubt there will be much interest in it . 
  if someone is into funny skins he would probably want all of them . 
  so is his hair real or a wig ? 
  filenotfound ? 
  i 'm with you old brother . 
  do n't worry they 'll come back to work on monday , 
  was n't this weeks ago ? 
  sooo ... if i leave league it sets my mmr to gm and i play placement matches do i get placed in masters ? 
  you 'll be hit by mmr decay, 
  well til ... 
  not that bronze to masters bullshit . 
  real men do masters to top 16 gm on kr , 
  the development team is taking a look but somebody in the community team should fucking know what the expected behavior is . 
  is the season supposed to end soon or is the lock an error . 
  i mean you do n't have to look into the database to know what you want to happen . 
  i really do n't see why . 
  in order to scream to your partner when he storms your units ? 
  one of them does n't have keyboard and mouse and 2 do not have chairs . 
  how do they play like that ? 
  clarity is reduced with more colors in my opinion . 
  i do n't want to process that information . 
  and they can make a colored line connected to the raveger that shot the bile . 
  that way players will have more useful information . 
  yeah i guess it makes sense to be there . 
  windows has to run on phones and iot . 
  32bit is hardly going away in the next two decades if ever . 
  so `` a few versions from now '' why do we care about the old behavior if people even forgot there was old behavior ? 
  so what ? 
  there are a lot of iot devices with very limited memory and the pointer size matters . 
  well i am pretty sure they are not revamping the live server . 
  they are probably revamping on some test server with test data and will enable the new ladder when ready . 
  what a bullshit rage thread !, 
  i came here because i thought we can post screenshots of people raging when we beat them . 
  so disappointing!@!, 
  i am pretty sure you can hit gm by only doing cheese builds . 
  in fact i know such people . 
  hell bitbybit hit the gsl several times only doing cheese builds . 
  in fact only doing one cheese build . 
  set it to `` damaged '' please !, 
  god i 'd forgotten how long it takes for a brood war game to take off :(, 
  i am fine with repeating maps . 
  i am willing to bet real money that rey is not luke 's daughter . 
  me too . 
  on the other hand i tend to bet against my desired outcome ( in sports matches , political events , etc. ), 
  if i bet on rey not being luke 's daughter and they do make it one i would both lose money and be annoyed by the movie . 
  i do n't see why everyone has to be someone 's relative . 
  in the prequel trilogy it is clearly shown that jedi do not have children and there are a lot of jedi which means a lot of random people are force sensitive . 
  why the hell does everyone need to be a skywalker is beyond me . 
  also i hope small people get the spotlight and disney have a history of making small people heroes so why not rey . 
  ok deal . 
  betting reddit gold if we are alive . 
  508 days `` make sure to avoid spoilers as the other person may not have seen the movie yet '', 
  my hypothesis is that she was training under luke . 
  we 've seen in the prequel trilogy that younglings can be as young as 2 years old and maybe she was just too young to remember being there . 
  it is entirely possible that she did n't have her memories erased . 
  maybe she was 3 or 4 years old when this happened . 
  please explain how the plugin results in more money !, 
  this plugin sure helps them keep the cost down by virtue of preventing users , 
  maybe then they should have worked on tech to incorporate the ads in the actual video stream instead of practically preventing having users . 
  i wonder why people have so much trouble realizing this . 
  microsoft is not the one who decides what versions of ie will be in use . 
  i firmly believe dart is already dead but why the hell would you consider moving to the dart team a bad career move ? 
  it is an interesting project , it is not in maintenance mode and it has both classic and new programming language concepts with a great team .
