  a lot of changes to the game and more importantly the size of the maps have shifted the meta to a degree that a diamond today will not have the knowledge needed back then . 
  ok this guy convinced me . 
  i have n't written a line of go and i do not intend to because i think every statically typed language without generics should be boycotted . 
  however he makes a good point . 
  i do n't need to have written any go to write an article and we do need to keep that trend going !, 
  i will learn linux only when i am paid to do so . 
  i find the whole idea of learning an os extremely boring and i will not do it on my own . 
  also do people really do all these big data things so often ? 
  i 've yet to work on a big data project so either nobody asks me for big data solutions because i do n't work with linux or most people so not have big data problems but like to pretend they do so they can use these technologies . 
  some languages have generics or generics-like mechanism and do not have a gc - c++ , rust, 
  empirical evidence points out that the demand for programmers is so high companies would hire everyone who has even remote chance of learning the tech . 
  i do n't see why they would n't pay me to learn on the job if they pay people that are much worse at this than me . 
  in addition there is so much tech and concepts around that you have to choose what not to learn . 
  i have my interests in tech and i have chosen to learn the things i find interesting on my own time because it is more pleasant and more effective to learn something that i have interest in . 
  maybe it is not as useful as linux , big data and git but if i am going to work in a field that requires me to work ( learn ) in my free time on something that is in addition boring i 'd rather not be hired . 
  well chances are that this is because most graduates simply suck and do not meet my requirement of `` remote chance of learning the tech '' . 
  of course i expect that students will have demonstrated ability to learn . 
  for example i find it hard to believe that you have a project that is kind of real world ( say written a forum , blog , chat or something like that ) you wo n't find employment after graduating . 
  do n't know how it is in the uk but most graduates in my country ( bulgaria ) ca n't demonstrate this . 
  note that my definition of `` real world '' is `` something that would be used if there were no better alternatives '' so you do n't need to build a forum like discourse just one that wo n't double post if you hit f5 and ca n't be hacked by changing the user id in your cookie . 
  why the hell is this a screenshot ? 
  so why is n't angular 2 creating new hype for angular ? 
  in a world where the hype of the day changes every day i do n't see why being a breaking change is such an issue . 
  i mean it is not like it is easier to migrate to react from angular 1 . 
  it does n't explain the lack of hype . 
  normally new frameworks are hyped . 
  well it is simple . 
  their cards are worse at real world gaming both in terms of performance and in terms of issues . 
  now of course this may be precisely because the things nvidia do with game works and similar but as a customer why should i buy the inferior card ? 
  i am ready to accept nvidia 's cheque and i promise not to implement this . 
  they can be sure i wo n't since i have never built a game , 
  is it actually possible to beat brutal with a level 1 commanders ? 
  we switched to brutal at ~ level 6 and still lost a lot of missions . 
  some missions got easy at level 8 and the hold out mission seemed to get easy at about 12 . 
  i got told by some guy i beat that i have 0 apm and still win and sc is so unfair . 
  i checked i had 128 . 
  i guess this is considered 0 now :(, 
  i 'd rather see only actual commands be included in the apm . 
  how about scrolling via the edge of the screen ? 
  should it count as an action for every pixel scrolled ? 
  10 seconds blizzard time or fixed time ? 
  what a noob . 
  should have nuked directly on top of the nexus to get the full army !, 
  i do n't mind tournaments being quicker but in this case i think it was more of a lack of downtime . 
  they said it was online and lacked content between the matches . 
  content-free article . 
  does n't even list all the features . 
  remember when ms were tracking links users clicked on google ? 
  that was why and they had full right to do so . 
  google do not own my clicks and if i want i will provide them to ms. 
  i feel like swift 's vendetta on non-ideal but classic constructs is just another manifestation of the master/slave political correctness pull request . 
  come on people these constructs are not the problem with c-style languages !, 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  they said they wanted to push it before the holidays but since then they are silent so i guess they ran into some issues and will need more time . 
  the nukes thing is much harder for terran to execute than for protoss to defend . 
  maybe on pro level things do work like this but bellow that it is a-move for protoss vs insane micro for terran . 
  by voting for a candidate that does not have a chance of winning you are still giving the system information . 
  now the other candidates know that if they change their positions to be closer to the positions of your candidate they may win you over . 
  well i bet he will be there on the next elections so americans should support him for the long run . 
  not being forced to give your property to the state for bernie to redistribute ? 
  because 3 parties exchanging funds and services by their own free will is the worst and bernie must stop it !, 
  it does n't seem like the percentages have moved either, 
  sure i would like to see such stats if they existed . 
  also note that i do not claim this still holds on gm level . 
  i am pretty sure it does n't . 
  assuming blizzard does not have a bug i should have played equal amount with all races . 
  after almost 3000 games not even counting team games things should be pretty even . 
  what is the apm of this person ? 
  i think that maybe around 200-250 apm ( real time ) terran might become equally hard, 
  teach me the easy way to play terran , 
  uhm ... no . 
  the higher the sample size the smaller the chances for skewed distribution . 
  playing random since 1998 ( to be honest played protoss in 2 vs 2 tournaments in bw because you have to have that pair of races but only in tournaments ), 
  no , i would like to see other stats of other players who played equal number of games with all races . 
  just sharing cause i thought it was interesting data point . 
  interestingly the stats do match how i feel about the matchups . 
  i wonder if me messing up large armies ( i am pretty much ok with small ones ) has to do with playing random ( i.e. 
  different hotkeys for different races ) . 
  maybe if i play just terran even if i play 1/3 of the games i have played i would handle large armies better . 
  vipers ? 
  well you can see the number of games for the current season . 
  pretty much equal except 15 games less with zerg which reinforces my point even more . 
  i agree that this is just one player but as you can see other players who tried said they feel the same . 
  note that this is not about strongest race . 
  this is about easiest to learn on diamond/masters level . 
  says nothing about top level of play or lower leagues . 
  anything less annoying ? 
  protoss is also very strong with different harass/cheese strategies specifically against terran . 
  oracles , proxies , warp gate all-ins , dark templars , warp prisms and now adepts can easily kill a terran if he does not read the opponent properly . 
  you misread what the opponent is doing you just die . 
  the reverse situation is not that severe . 
  you can misread a terran but you just overcharge and start producing counter units and most often you will not take critical damage . 
  yeah . 
  when i play turtle mech ( what i usually do against zerg ) i do use them and also if it gets to super late game and the game is not scrappy i harass with bcs and tactical jump back home when the zerg anti air arrives . 
  that 's true but there are more elections coming . 
  i mean that i kind of feel this way when watching other players on this level play . 
  it just seems terrans are much better . 
  seems like they did a huge misjudge of the size of the community and the size and importance of existing code out there . 
  it seems to me that no other language ever had that huge of a problem migrating forward . 
  close ?
