  i personally hate it that all maps are big these days . 
  i would gladly see steppes of war return and more diverse maps ( even air maps ) . 
  this is why i like this map . 
  it is not entirely standard which is always good even if the map is bad ( and i am not saying it is bad i just do n't have opinion ) . 
  diversity  balance . 
  yeah . 
  you are the reason starcraft ii is not as interesting and diverse as it could be , 
  do n't like playing maps where you ca n't just reproduce the strategies you copied without understanding them ? 
  you do n't like maps with weird layout ( like bridge ) so i assume you want to play on super standard maps which are all the same because otherwise you ca n't tweak your builds accordingly . 
  do n't worry he will be defeated again , 
  i do n't see any contradiction . 
  random is the most diverse race , 
  considering that all maps these days have long rush distance then a map with short rush distance will make the map pool more diverse and interesting and force the use of different strategies . 
  yeah because obviously depth is determined by macro mechanics . 
  let alone that i do n't want to remove macro maps but want to see different kinds of maps and this includes maps where the right strategy is to go all in . 
  well then your opponent is a bad player for not taking into account the map . 
  i assume he went hatch first . 
  ffa makes no sense to me . 
  it ia obvious that if all or some player work together against another he will lose . 
  it becomes a politics game . 
  i never found this fun . 
  i guess i am just too much into the strategy and tactics . 
  i did not invent the `` macro '' description for maps . 
  it is somewhat established that current maps provoke macro games . 
  i do n't mind any kind of map i just want to play different maps where different strategies are viable . 
  i want maps where 1 base play is optimal and i want to see players make decisions if they should go for 1 base play instead of following the metagame trend blindly because all maps are the same . 
  and yes i do n't mind cheese , all-in , etc. 
  i do n't care about the players ' mechanics and i want to ser their decision making , strategy and tactics, 
  it should be obvious by now that in my opinion there should be maps with rocks ( hard to take third ) and maps with no rocks . 
  players should favour 2 base play if the third is hard to take . 
  i see no problem with this, 
  what a great argument . 
  i think you won , 
  there are two more next week . 
  true . 
  eu players can easily beat them but they let them through to compensate for lag , 
  to be honest i would n't blink if he really killed himself `` because of me '', 
  as i said elsewhere . 
  i would n't blink if he killed himself . 
  obviously i would feel bad if i was charged with second degree murder but this part is obvious bullshit . 
  that was the first thing i thought when i started reading . 
  `` what if he gets someone who is not from the us '' btw if he really did it i am 100 % sure the us law would not apply in this case and still the law is pure bullshit . 
  interestingly that might be one of the very few things not wise to do in this case . 
  you can troll the guy as much as you want but he could easily find a recording of one of the internet suicides and i personally would n't like to watch that despite the fact that i would feel 0 guilt if he actually did kill himself . 
  do you have the vods of him killing himself after each game ? 
  i think gworkag is ezeek 's reddit account and he just continues to support his story , 
  i understand that people may have fun with it but it is totally uncompetitive . 
  i really do n't know why there is even a ladder for it . 
  what does dustin browder have to do with it ? 
  even more interesting why do n't they cast it from replays and upload the vods later, 
  no one reads those, 
  oh makes sense now . 
  i never actually tried it but since it was in the same menu i assumed there was a ladder . 
  well you and i remember things differently . 
  i remember that the biggest issue community had back then was multi building selection and unlimited unit selection which according to the community would reduce the skill ceiling . 
  i am glad they did n't listen to the community . 
  while you may be right my anecdotic evidence tells me you are wrong . 
  i used to spent a good chunk of my life in internet cafes and the only people who hacked were actually terrible players . 
  some good ones hacked for a month or so but then stopped . 
  gameloft are a sad , sad company . 
  i do n't mind copying but when your whole business model revolves around dumbification of other companies franchizes it is insulting . 
  well as i said i am glad the game is not what `` the community '' wanted . 
  i strongly disagree with `` the community '' on several key points ( like the notion that mechanical skill should be promoted ) . 
  i personally never had the `` sc2 dream '' . 
  in my opinion sc2 is doing relatively well these days considering how hardcore the game is and the fact that it costs money ( while competing with free to play games like lol , wot , etc. ), 
  chinese starcraft players should lobby before the chinese government to stop protecting north korea . 
  then the us and sk will wipe them in a week and there will be no reason for 2 years of military service or even mandatory military service in south korea . 
  how long is the mandatory service in switzerland ? 
  i 've read some pretty interesting things about military service there like the fact that they give you your gun to go home with after you are done . 
  when bulgaria had mandatory military service 10 years ago if you did n't want to go or you faked this kind of mental illness you had to do community work for longer term than the actual service . 
  maybe work in a factory or something . 
  i am not sure that mental illness in general would save you from the mandatory work but i guess you will have more trouble being labeled mentally ill when looking for a job , getting driver license etc. 
  so it was not worth the trouble . 
  good thing mandatory service is gone now . 
  i feel like my iq dropped by 10 points in the 9 months i had to serve . 
  finland has n't dropped mandatory service ? 
  oh man , you think switzerland is wasteful . 
  the things i 've seen in the bulgarian army ... and the things i 've heard . 
  for example a sergeant selling army fuel and ordering the soldiers to just spill the fuel when the buyer did n't show for the deal because he had already written it off in the documents and could not just return it . 
  the pointless work we 've done like moving snow from one place on the other in the winter because there was not enough money for actual training with artillery and the officers knew that they should always make the soldiers do something . 
  there is no way the wars themselves are profitable ( i mean they do n't produce anything ) . 
  of course a country may profit from a war especially if the war is not on their territory . 
  i sometimes think a couple of weeks military training actually makes sense . 
  handling weapon , moving in a group , etc. 
  however actual long service with advanced equipment is totally pointless . 
  i do n't think it is a massive black hole for them . 
  if anything blizzard probably fills the void but i would expect gsl to be profitable . 
  of course this may not always be the case and it makes perfect sense for gom to hedge their bets . 
  not if it makes sc stronger, 
  you ai n't gon na remember anything but the basics in a decade anyway so why bother ? 
  maybe it is the fact that gold league is now larger than it was before ? 
  countries rely on the us because this is the reality . 
  wars these days are won by equipment , technology and highly trained professionals and very few countries can keep large quantities of those . 
  in a way other countries have outsourced their armies to the us . 
  however basic training can prove useful in situations which are not full scale war like keeping order or rebuilding after disasters . 
  i do n't think they will need a occupy nk because i do n't think once the current rule is down anyone would revolt or try to take the country back, 
  does n't this person have contacts ? 
  2 out of 4 programming jobs i 've had had no technical interview because i studied/worked with the person who was supposed to interview me . 
  wolf 3d in haskell is more impressive than unreal in javascript !, 
  asm.js is one of the very few web things that really got me excited for precisely the reasons you describe .
