  certainly the elitist minority has managed to shape the game according to their wishes, 
  stallman still does n't know that you can send files over that internet thing you suggest . 
  the elitists minority is not related to actual skill . 
  i hated this since i was masters ( 15 seasons ) and now as i am diamond . 
  i am perfectly sure i would hate it even if i somehow get gm . 
  i simply am not interested in developing skills like larva inject , marine splitting , marine kiting and other purely mechanical stuff . 
  i came for the strategy , tactics and mindgames . 
  the very fact that the maps are now very large and practically the same ( as opposed to the extremely diverse map pool in wol launch ) is the biggest push towards mechanics over strategy and tactics . 
  `` low level balance '' is indeed bullshit - at least we can agree on that . 
  no i am saying that 80 % left sc2 because it is consistently pushed towards being a game about mechanics rather than strategy , tactics and mindgames . 
  i know this is the reason i play much less now ( i 'd probably never stop completely since i just ca n't find a competitive game where i see more strategy ), 
  by `` elitists '' i mean people who claim that the cool thing about starcraft is that it is ( mechanically ) hard . 
  i see this as a downside and when i voice that opinion i am sent to play lol because obviously i am not elite enough to play sc ( although i 've been playing competitively since 1998 ) . 
  i do n't actually mind having things to do and the game falling apart if you do n't do it . 
  i just want these things to involve decisions . 
  for example chrono is cool - larva inject is bad , tanks siege ( and moving them around constantly ) is good - marine splitting is bad . 
  all of these examples require some level of good mechanics but 2 of them need decisions and the others only needs mechanics . 
  a rule of thumb i have is that if the mechanics had auto cast would you use it ? 
  imagine that there was autocast of chrono . 
  you would probably use it but you will still pay attention and switch it quite often . 
  if there was an autocast for injects you would pretty much never not use it except for the first creep tumor . 
  now what if we had a button to automatically split marines . 
  yeah i would use that . 
  what if we had a button to put marines into stutter-step mode so they move at half speed and shoot ? 
  yeah i would use that . 
  what if there was an autocast for storm that did storm if it sees more than 3 units . 
  no i would not enable it because the opponent would just bait out all my energy . 
  so as i see it the game designers should aim to create skills like siege mode , chrono boost and storm and replace skills like injects , stutter step and marine splitting . 
  as for the maps it seems to me that the main balance problem is zerg not being able to live on a small map especially in tvz . 
  i think a weaker stutter step and a more viable zerg on 1 base would make these maps good enough again . 
  one can claim that zerg is defined by many bases but it can be defined by fast tech switches more which is more strategic than many bases . 
  so will there be a paid option . 
  are there ads in that free version ? 
  will there be a paid version and what will be the perks ? 
  i doubt you would be using autocast for blink and even for guardian shield . 
  setup base by previously designed layout is not simply autocast but approaching the realm of programming . 
  in fact ai assisted sc may turn out to be quite interesting but the downside is that it will only be played by programmers . 
  i have a friend that claims that ai assisted rts is the future of rts  too bad there is nothing to stop people from using other people 's programs without understanding them . 
  of course not . 
  it can be attributed to injects , stutter step , marine splitting , heavily promoting macro games and some more . 
  if we are unwilling to fix larva injects then we are probably unwilling to fix many more similar issues . 
  in fact many people see them as the thing that makes sc2 good so sc2 becomes more mechanical and less strategical, 
  well `` blink directly away from source of damage upon threshold damage reached '' is quite a complicated autocast do n't you think ? 
  it is close to programmable autocast . 
  so maybe we make zealots charge forward only if they will not split x distance from the supporting ranged units ? 
  with injects we are talking about the dumbest of autocasts and it is still better than human autocasts . 
  also note that with stalkers you will still fall in bad situations . 
  like if you blink in a terran 's base and are moving your stalkers to do damage intending to blink them out of the base all at once but suddenly some of them are chased in another direction and their blink is on cooldown . 
  and i am not saying that blink is the greatest skill . 
  i do not have a lot of respect for combat blink stalkers micro i am just pointing out that the comparison with pretty much the most stupid skill in the game ( larva inject ) is not justified . 
  i do n't like to click . 
  i like to make decisions . 
  things that require clicks but not decisions ( or 1 decision maps to 10 clicks ) are bad no matter if they are macro or micro . 
  sieging and unsieging tanks to gain a better position is micro and it is super cool because you have to constantly decide where to position each tank . 
  stutter stepping marines is stupid because you make 1 decision ( move at half speed and shoot ) but it requires insane amounts of clicks and muscle memory . 
  chrono boost is a great example of macro that is not stupid . 
  you have to decide based on game situation where to spend or even to save energy . 
  i just want cool skills like chrono and siege tank over stupid skills like injects and stutter step . 
  i also want a variety in maps ranging from steppes of war to super large maps . 
  also i am not focusing my energy on injects . 
  this happens to be the current discussion ( and also the most stupid skill in the game ), 
  i 'd rather learn an algorithm ( which is much easier if you understand it ) than develop muscle memory . 
  wait , david kim is on the heroes of the storm balancing team ? 
  he is responsible for both games now ? 
  where is this explained ? 
  i was n't able to infer the cycle thing from the games itself . 
  is it in the books ? 
  the sc1 , bw and sc2 wol stories were good enough . 
  the hots one was quite annoying for me . 
  i used to teach a 3 months beginner 's c # course . 
  delegates and interfaces were taught in the same lesson and i did several examples of equivalent code with interfaces with a single method and with delegates . 
  and they can charge me good money to not see people 's skins in multiplayer . 
  i 'd participate in a bidding with people who buy skins . 
  just make the price optional . 
  if i spent more money on the `` not see skins '' dlc than they did on the skins dlc i do n't get to see their distracting shit , 
  how do you activate them ( do n't hate me i 'm at work at the moment ca n't open the game and check ), 
  count me too , 
  so the guy was talking shit about how he was gon na die for auir and then proceeds to be the only one that survives while all of his comrades fall ? 
  thanks, 
  this is an evolution on their ladder system that wo n't tell you where you stand . 
  probably we can expect mouse sensitivity leagues and divisions ? 
  why would anyone be sensitive about mouse sensitivity in a game that is controlled mainly through a mouse cursor and requires precision and speed , 
  true but that 's for those of us who do not click on things that say `` php '', 
  why ? 
  ( i really do n't understand ), 
  i always thought that this comparison was extremely stupid but just now did i learn that the claim is factually wrong . 
  i wish i knew that when ritchie died and all pretentious nerds were posting these stupid pictures to show how much they know about computers and how much of non-conformist they were . 
  i am sorry i failed you :( what 's even worse is that on one occasion it was a real life argument . 
  i get it . 
  the unexpected release of windows 10 caught blizzard by surprise . 
  one of the thing that bothers me the most about this zerg evolution is that evolution includes death . 
  it is practically impossible for an individual to evolve . 
  an individual can mutate . 
  on the other hand zerg cerebrates and kerrigan herself respawns when killed . 
  maybe this is how she evolves ? 
  that actually makes more sense than the photosynthesis explanation of the mouth issue . 
  i wish they revert their stance and claim that protoss have mouths on their butts and do in fact eat . 
  that would be less disturbing . 
  it was explained in an faq by the lore team . 
  believe me you do n't want to know ( it is not something disgusting it is just extremely stupid ),
