  the same ceo that installed spying gear from the government without telling the security chief and forced him to quit after that ? 
  come on guys !, 
  what kind of broken streisand effect is this ? 
  where is the juicy part ? 
  where is the embarrassing data that was in the e-mails ? 
  you are probably downvoted because np and pspace are terms that are trivial to google . 
  it is a solution on the vector `` safety over performance '' . 
  if ruby chose extreme flexibility over performance and safety they should not pretend the reason is that you ca n't have both . 
  how do we know lgbt are a minority ( i.e. 
  there are proportionally less of them in comp science than they are in society ) ? 
  i can point to tim cook , eric allman and joel spolsky off the top of my head as famous people in stem who are openly gay . 
  i agree that ruby tends to err on the idiotic side of both `` safety '' and `` flexibility '' . 
  is that really a prime ? 
  tl ; dr ; facebook declares npm to be a piece of shit and build something usable but backward compatible . 
  just like they did with php before . 
  can someone explain what the difference is between classic and unlimited and if we failed migration to classic why would unlimited be different ? 
  strange ... 
  i think microsoft is the only big soulless company that i would work for . 
  i just love c # that much . 
  on the other hand i do n't think they have enough money to pay me to work on sharepoint . 
  you will think you were young today in 10 years , 
   i 've only worked overtime during crunch , and i 've always gotten paid ( ! ), 
  wait !, 
  you mean people exist who work overtime and do n't get paid for it ? 
  i recently had to bitshift in an array ( not sure what `` bitshift in an array '' means but i did have to bitshift data in a byte array ) . 
  in c # . 
  even used the   = operator, 
  i did n't know . 
  what is the idea behind this that you are on some kind of retainer ? 
  like i hire you to maintain my server and you get money when the server is running fine even if you do nothing but when it goes down you can do overtime to fix it ? 
  ok i get that they can do it legally but why would n't the employee go home after the 40 hours ? 
  so how is the overtime contacted ? 
  i mean what happens if i go home after the 40 hours that we agreed on ( i am assuming people did n't agree to work more when they accepted the job ), 
  so basically unlimited is just what it says in the title ( unlimited block size ) and classic is 2mb block size but the push to unlimited still does n't make sense to me . 
  why not push classic again ? 
  i do n't suspect that trump killed anyone on purpose or that his incompetence caused the death of people . 
  no but i have a classic node set up that i run from time to time so i wonder if i should go read on how to setup unlimited and if it is worth another try . 
  wait , you say in ms you did n't have budget for tools required for the job ? 
  so what ? 
  i mean i go and find another job and that 's it . 
  maybe they do n't have a ping-pong table but i get to work only 40 hours . 
  yeah , in my case a device is sending information on a network ( this network - http://www.sigfox.com/ ) and the message is only 12 bytes so we have to squeeze the bits . 
  in my current position ( in bulgaria ) i would gladly get fired . 
  i mean i work 4 days a week these days and i declined an offer for literally double my current salary because they insisted that i work 5 days a week . 
  i really ca n't bend my head around the fact that some people do n't want to work overtime and do it anyway . 
  and this is software development where the demand for engineers is insane and they hire everyone who looks like they wo n't do damage . 
  now of course if i was 19 and on the other end of the world i would probably bow under the pressure but i 'd be looking for another job immediately . 
  the first set of reasons simply means that one must start searching for a new job immediately and only work overtime until he finds a new job . 
  also that once a person has that experience it only makes sense that he would specifically ask in the interview and do research on overtime policies in companies he applies for . 
  as for the social reasons ... grow some balls !, 
  interest , workaholism and ego do make sense but i was asking more about why someone would tolerate unpaid overtime if he does n't want to do it . 
   luckily , the programming field is pretty hot right now and that is actually a feasible option . 
  and that 's the whole point i am trying to make . 
  we 're in a seller 's market , lets act like it !, 
  if they tell me i must do unpaid overtime i 'd be looking for a new job immediately . 
  hell , i go to interviews just to gather offers in case things go south where i work and who knows maybe i find a better offer by chance . 
  of course i would understand if we were not discussing programming and silicon valley but in the context of this conversation i do n't understand why people put up with this attitude . 
  yeah , the tools are pretty much c-style . 
  the operators are the same but you ca n't do pointer arithmetic unless you use an unsafe block ( which is like c++ mode in c # intended for high-performance stuff , i never had to use this ) . 
  the only class i tend to use is the [ bitconverter ] ( https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.bitconverter ( v = vs. 110 ) . aspx ) class to convert to regular types . 
  i am not sure if there is something that could be of more use since this is the only time i worked with such problems . 
  in my case it is not a stream of bytes it is just a 12 bytes array . 
  so basically they will know i am a dev and will not try to hack me ? 
  that is great but what i really meant is that i would love to work on c # or related dev tools . 
  of course i have no problem working with c # in a boring job or in a startup . 
  this is not really overtime , is it ? 
  this is just flexible work time . 
  endorse gajo , please . 
  there you have it guys !, 
  spread the word mitt romney endorsed gajo on reddit !, 
  flexible work hours is a good thing unpaid overtime is not . 
  if you on average over say a year put in more than 40 hours and you do n't want to it is strange that you will put up with because your boss tells you to or because coworkers do it . 
  well then people should be leaving other companies to work where you work . 
  soon it wo n't be a fact of life . 
  what happens if he gets 5 % ? 
  i vaguely remember reading some comments claiming that it did mean something like government money or auto ballot access . 
  sadly this is not obvious . 
  probably the one with the most mindshare that you can use on more websites, 
  is that money significant amount ? 
  i mean having more money for campaign ca n't be a bad thing . 
  so how long before she gets shot ? 
  if she 's been infected i am afraid the only option is to put her out of her misery . 
  the infection will spread , she will become ill , she will die and come back as one of them . 
  the only way out is to put a bullet through her head . 
  wait ... what were we talking about ? 
  she ca n't do a live stream . 
  live streams are done over internet and most people access internet via the dangerous wi-fi technology and she ca n't cause this to the children . 
  gay nazi cake !, 
  great , so austin peterson will have more money for his campaign in 5 years , 
  fuck north korea !, 
  btw polt seems to be the kind of player who can successfully return to the scene after he completes his military service . 
  he 's been active so long that he obviously has talent and the required mindset rather than temporary form . 
  wan na bet who gets more votes on the elections ? 
  all of these things happen explicitly . 
  no ioc i know of defaults to singleton scope . 
  same with threads . 
  i am reading the article and thinking - what platforms does the author compare to ? 
  i guess i would be very unhappy if i used it . 
  `` lesser of two evils '' is valid motivation for action/inaction from libertarian point of view . 
  if i was a voter in a swing state i am not sure what i would do .
