  i never had to examine memory dump from an exception . 
  i guess some people need it but i find it surprising that someone would be excited about this particular feature , 
  sounds like if you need that complex exception handling you are in a horrible mess already . 
  that can only be done if project titan was something in existing franchise which it seems it was n't . 
  they also trashed several games before we heard about them . 
  well it is not like blizzard 's storyline are that impressive anyway . 
  chris metzen sucks !, 
  and i swear i am the biggest blizzard fan out there !, 
  debatable since readonly has just a bit more value than a comment when put on a private field . 
  the maintainer is already changing the internals of the class so he can change the readonly modifier . 
  blocking the ramp, 
  voted for it with all my heart and three accounts , 
  well maybe ... just maybe you can open with something that works against 14/14 like ... 
  i do n't know 2 gates sentry expand ( used to be 3 but with mothership core you do n't need third ), 
  i agree with you but think you are too soft . 
  instead of `` a little stale '' i would use `` totally boring to play and watch '' and instead of `` more fun '' i would use `` adrenaline fueled '', 
  and what is bad about this ? 
  so basically vote for the type of maps we have in the current pool and will have in the next pool ? 
  i am mainly 1 vs 1 competitive player who loves cheesefest and all possible abuses . 
  for the past 3 years blizzard and the community has been removing what i find fun in the game . 
  can people like me have 1 short season per year ? 
  i mean we know that they only do this because it is off season , right ? 
  i wish the pool had lost instead of shattered temple . 
  if we 're gon na go down this way then keep it that way for every season so the rest of us can veto the standard maps through the rest of the year . 
  i am fine with having unranked with much larger pool and more vetos so i can play different types of maps and not just the tournament macro fest boredom ( although i definitely reduced the time i watch starcraft since they made most maps the same ) . 
  my problem right now is not that most people who are serious about starcraft disagree with my opinion but that i have no way to press a single button and play the starcraft i enjoy . 
  i did . 
  ohana is one of the smaller and more original maps since they made maps the same . 
  by `` the same '' i mean that each and every map has a long rush distance , ramp towards the natural and easy to take third . 
  if we have to live with these features it better be ohana . 
  context please, 
  not true . 
  street fighter is known to be imbalanced but is still played for years . 
  people pick different characters to hard counter imbalance in certain matchups . 
  if a map is imbalanced maybe one should just pick the obvious counter on the map . 
  seems like it uses a feature not available in previous versions , does n't it ? 
  how is race switch different from character switch in sf ? 
  maybe they should go play custom games then ? 
  i play random . 
  i love 14/14 openings against protoss when i get zerg . 
  they get so confused , 
  but in principle it is the same . 
  i am ok with promoting people who are willing to play more than one race ( obvious by the fact that i play random ), 
  wait !, 
  you mean / u/t0ny7 was n't joking ? 
  did you consider that microsoft has customers who are also java users and it might benefit them ? 
  1 base lair into swarm host builds ftw , 
  in fact it will be great to leave more classics in the map pool as a free veto forever ( not just for this season ), 
  best part about playing random is that they rage at you when you win in every matchup from both sides , 
  i do n't remember it like this . 
  i remember tanks drops on lost temple , nukes on the gas on desert oasis , 12 drones rush on steppes of war , 3 gates fast expand fakes into 5 gates , double starport banshees , 1 base roaches in zvz and many more beautiful and unique games . 
  even cheeses became super cool . 
  my favorite game to date is nestea vs sen on lost temple where nestea let san kill his hatchery although he could have saved it to get the time to morph banelings and then counter attack and kill him . 
  i remember fruit dealer taking the gold towards his opponent on kulas ravine and kill him with slow roaches . 
  now i have the feeling that i am watching the same game over and over again . 
  i have 1 macro and one cheese build for every matchup and i used to explain that while i like cheese i do play macro half the time . 
  then i realized that it sounds like i apologize for playing cheese builds . 
  since then i pretend that i only play cheese builds . 
  cheese is legit . 
  i am a cheeser and i am proud of it . 
  i do n't know the system there but it sounds about the same . 
  so the swarmhost stalemate problem is solved ? 
  they used the opportunity to fix it too . 
  death to the integer class !, 
  steppes of war, 
  shattered temple, 
  metalopolis, 
  tag me please , 
  all my votes are 3 times  also i got a friend of mine who owns sc and does n't play to vote for the same pool so maybe 4 times ? 
  also that other friend who plays and usually agrees with me that told me to give him the list since he did n't want to waste time to pick similar maps . 
  this line of thinking assumes that other seasons are not fun . 
  i actually agree and think the pool should be far more diverse . 
  thanks, 
  btw i can bet that random players get cheesed more than they cheese themselves . 
  it seems like people ca n't use their refined builds they resort to cheesing . 
  generics were introduced in both languages at about the same time ( yes i know that java had them slightly earlier ) so it is not fair to say that c # copied java in this field . 
  and this alone is a reason to have steppes in the map pool, 
  if you know what cheese is coming then by the very definition of cheese you should get a lot of wins and get into gm and play with impressive players where you can improve more , 
  well this is when you try something creative . 
  1 base 3 rax marauder sounds about right to counter that blink all in , 
  there will always be maps left since the additional vetos will only apply to the classic maps, 
  java does keep type information in the byte code . 
  it does not keep it at runtime in the case of generics, 
  the minimum common ground will be the same as now . 
  am i the only one who thinks that the guy who invented the 12 drones rush was a genius ? 
  if he has some luck he can still qualify even if he does n't get points in dreamhack . 
  of course he 'd better get a couple of hundred points because right now i am scared . 
  if it is a foreigner that replaces him we can live with it but all the others ... 
  just play terran next season and you will see , 
  as someone who is now a professional programmer specifically due to passion for starcraft ( games in general but starcraft more than any other ) i can not thank the author enough . 
  it will depend on how many people want to play on a classic map . 
  if a lot of people want this then they will hit each other very often , if not they will play rarely but still much more often than 0 . 
  he does n't mind functional programming . 
  in fact he says that the functional programming solution is better than the object oriented solution presented in this video . 
  also actionscript is based on javascript so i suspect it has closures . 
  most of these are object oriented design patterns and they are related to class-based oop . 
  not every pattern makes sense in every language . 
  in fact some people claim that patterns are ways to overcome shortcomings of the language . 
  can we get `` macro hard microsoft '' t-shirts already ? 
  hire me too .
