  i also do n't see why you call async `` superficially convenient '' i have used async extensively with c # and i am pretty sure it is actually convenient . 
  now my f # learning did not get to asynchronous workflows ( hopefully some day i will resume ) but i have heard it has less rough edges than c # . 
  on the other hand i do n't see how the fact that f # does it better makes the c # feature `` superficial '' . 
  and btw i wish c # had support for tuples in the language . 
  what you say is true but keep in mind that the goal of the average c # developer is to use the language to build some system . 
  he is pretty much content with using the language feature as an api . 
  with that in mind c # is much more powerful than the immediate competition ( java , php , etc. ), 
  with things like expression trees , dynamic , async and more . 
  did you forget why he `` retired '' the first time ? 
  nope that was before the slayers drama . 
  they punished him because he fixed a match on stream . 
  i agree that this was probably the dumbest match fixing in history ... 
  i mean ... 
  it was on stream !, 
  well ok i was talking about when they forced him to stop playing . 
  i guess he retired 3 times , 
  i personally think reduced range is a great idea . 
  if it is something small like 1 range it could work fine . 
  brainfuck all the things !, 
  as a person living in a place that people will see as shittier than poland and for a good reason namely bulgaria i find the issue quite interesting . 
  when people make this kind of remarks they are both wrong and right . 
  while he is right that economic situation and infrastructure ( roads , healthcare , etc. ), 
  is far worse than the west and people make less money it is wrong to assume that people in eastern europe do n't live what in what is considered western lifestyle . 
  we watch the same shows on tv , we laugh at the same things and in general we have fun the same way . 
  i have never been to poland but i can bet they have a lot more to do than just e-sports . 
  in addition not everything is worse in eastern europe . 
  for example i believe i can laugh at his internet . 
  i get 50mbps for 5 eur a month . 
  i have a friend in germany i regularly mock that he lives in a third world country because his internet is slower and more expensive . 
  where does this thorin guy live ? 
  can he get such a deal in the uk ? 
  also i am pretty sure the polish sc2 scene is much stronger than the uk sc2 scene . 
  in fact without following the other games i would blindly bet that the polish cs and lol scenes are stronger than uk 's . 
  will i lose my money ? 
  while it is true and sad that there is a good deal of racism in eastern europe one must not assume that the attitude on football stadiums represents how people behave in general . 
  btw is n't it ironic that the same policies that make it unacceptable to throw banana peels at black football players got him kicked out of iem for pointing it out in such an inappropriate manner ? 
  he is not punished he is removed from an event in poland where he had to work with a polish crew . 
  he is removed because he is not good fit for the team not because of his opinion . 
  well , he certainly would n't appeal to the audience . 
  do we have to check that too ? 
  check what polish people say in this very thread . 
  really ? 
  i am pretty sure the next line of players will gladly step up to take the money . 
  as long as there is a good player/viewer base there will always be a pro scene . 
  so what ? 
  pro gamers live every kids dream . 
  if a balance shift kicks them out then they should be happy for the time they had on the top not complain that it was not longer . 
  starcraft ii does not exist for the pros it exists for us - people who pour money into it . 
  i am saying that he would harm iem held in poland and it made perfect sense for iem to remove him from purely business perspective . 
  i know this is what i would have done in their place and i am very far from politically correct . 
  do n't worry as soon as naniwa , babyknight and whoever else retires top gm players will be spotted . 
  btw i do n't see why you need to `` get noticed '' to play in decent tournaments . 
  pick a tournament close to you and go with your own money . 
  win the tournament and they will pay you money . 
  you kids these days are so spoiled . 
  10 + years ago nobody felt entitled to sponsorship nor a `` career '' nor anything . 
  everyone did it because they loved the game . 
  you even have the wcs 3-4 times a year these days and once upon a time there was only wcg once a year . 
  except that is not what happens . 
  the viewers are excited to watch everyone try new strategies even if they are one-off thing like the daedalus point case . 
  i personally would rather watch the totally crazy games that we had early after release with tlo pulling strange strats than todays display of `` skill '' . 
  the polish guys i have met are actually pretty nice . 
  maybe this is why the warhound came in beta . 
  you know beta ? 
  that time where they give the software for free to test things ? 
  in fact the warhound was in the early limited beta and was removed so fast that i did n't even get the chance to play with it . 
  while i understand that they are scared of risk i do want them to take the risk . 
  probably because raymond chen has no idea who this guy is . 
  in addition it seems like the behavior is part of the windows api and this particular documentation for a . net api . 
  chances are teams developing these two are quite different so it is not like they can just look at the code or ask the guy who wrote it . 
  while this case is unfortunate i would argue that in general their system works quite well from the point of view of someone who uses it as a black box . 
  microsoft 's documentation on average is the best i had the chance to work with . 
  i thought your point was that it was wrong to remove thorin . 
  i doubt it is just `` team '' its more like `` division '', 
  well the game is approaches 4 years now likely 5 when lotv is released . 
  i do n't subscribe to the daed geim meme but with a game that old you do n't have much to lose, 
  just the other day i was mad that they do n't allow nullable value types keys that are null . 
  i had a pretty good use case ( building a tree where the key was the parent id and the root had a null parent id ) . 
  and yes , you can call . gethashcode ( ) on nullable value type and it will not throw an exception but return 0 . 
  i had to handle the root case separately which was quite annoying . 
  `` filthy '' that 's it !, 
  i 've been searching for a word to describe javascript coding experience for years . 
  thanks . 
  i know several people who work at microsoft including one who ca n't easily leave ( emigrated to the usa with visa he got thanks to the job offer from ms ) and none of them says ms is a toxic place to work . 
  so men looking at women hula-hooping at the work place is offensive and sexism ? 
  because everything else in the article was about some founder 's wife who i presume is female . 
  so hula-hooping at work is ok but watching someone hula-hoop at work is not ok ? 
  i have hard time understanding that . 
  yes the , part with the coworker is sexist if true however the other `` issues '' reported make me doubt the whole story . 
  it seems that this lady is so easily offended that she may take anything as an insult . 
  i should start posting those type of comments ( whichever comments you are talking about ) to discourage posting `` not programming '' articles . 
  if i had it would be cool . 
  i think i might actually exercise if that was i had a trail of females watching me , 
  ocaml performance is better than f # ? 
  how much and is the problem with f # . net itself or the compiler and the fact that it compiles to a platform not designed for it ? 
  i guess they do n't compile everything but just a single part . 
  i am quite trigger happy on the `` rebuild solution '' command in visual studio but even the largest c # projects i worked on compiled in like 30 seconds . 
  while i admit i do n't know much about low-level performance i was under the impression that performance is very much dependent on the investment in the runtime . 
  therefore java  . net  most other runtimes . 
  of course c and c++ too have a great investment in compilers that optimize very well .
