  btw i would have gotten 6gv2 but i do n't like the layout of the keys . 
  i really insist on big enter keys ( 3 keys in size ) and big left and right shifts ( i.e. 
  small backspace and the \\ key goes next to the backspace ) so i spent additional money on 7g just for the layout . 
  i am perfectly sure if i hit a steelseries keyboard with all my force i can not break it . 
  on the other hand i am sure the blackwidow will crack even if i hit it by accident . 
  these cm storm keyboards look ok but sadly the keys layout looks wrong . 
  as for the 7g it has no downsides compared to the 6gv2 except that it is unreasonably expensive . 
  you get too little for the extra money . 
  someone do a dan `` nice macro game '' stemkoski !, 
  i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  it is perfect for controlling dance central and kinect adventures . 
  much better than the alternatives . 
  ms research has a set of ui controls where you grab to select ( full fist not just fingers ), 
  true . 
  this stats look like they are only part of the picture . 
  probably something like `` the hardware processing takes 90ms '' but then there is software . 
  i am under the same impression . 
  i feel that no matter what browser i use it crashes a lot more than the corresponding version from 3 years ago . 
  and 3 years ago i felt the same ... 
  actually i do n't think the total number of crashes/hangs i 've experienced in ie6 is greater than the number of times ie10 hangs in a month these days . 
  this is of course not true . 
  a great number of high profile executives including bill gates , ray ozzie , bob muglia and steven sinofsky ( who also headed the windows and ie divisions ) do not work there anymore . 
  if they find out that the level of standards support does not matter for their market share because geeks are constantly bashing them no matter what they do they might decide to not advance the engine and spend the money on something that helps them get market share ... for example marketing . 
  ie10 is automatic update . 
  the fact that people ( your users , the reason you are paid ) choose to disable the upgrade is something completely different . 
  i hate those guys at mozilla . 
  i always preferred desktop software and they are actively trying to destroy it :(, 
  so what ? 
  i am perfectly sure ballmer knows shit about standards support in ie . 
  let alone that it was bill gates running the place when ie6 was released . 
  it took mozilla releasing a browser with tabs that started eating their user base ( because of the tabs not because of some standards ) that forced microsoft to take care about their own browser . 
  if ie kept on par with the user-centric features of firefox ms could have kept the 90 + % usage share and the ie6 rendering engine . 
  i am perfectly sure it is not a business strategy but of course you are free to believe things you read on slashdot . 
  it 's been more than an year since the auto update is on . 
  why are there still older versions of ie out there and what can ms possibly do about it ? 
  the fact that chrome and firefox users do n't block their updates is not ms 's fault . 
  you think ms do not want users to update their browsers ? 
  if anything about ie is a problem it is the users . 
  however devs ca n't just blame their customers so they blame ms. 
  i am perfectly sure that user features were the downfall of ie starting with tabs . 
  so am i supposed to explain the word `` freetard '' now ? 
  and in the meantime things like ajax , 
  this is not entirely true . 
  ms were in the working groups for many of those . 
  you should also note how once ie stopped being `` evil '' they stopped inventing things ( not entirely true since they introduced multiple processes per browser instance and gpu accelerated rendering but no actual apis ) . 
  the versions of ie that were hated were the once that introduced the most revolutionary features . 
  btw if these are in ie10 why do you bring them up and not post the new list ? 
  let alone that ie11 is coming in less than two months . 
  it is not ms 's fault that people are blocking automatic updates on purpose . 
  there was no `` modern web '' when ie started the downfall since it was not possible to ignore ie . 
  it was only recently ( in the last two years ) that products started introducing features that do not work on ie . 
  interestingly the ie usage share is actually growing ( very slowly ) in this timeframe . 
  would you please link that part ? 
  i thought the anti-competitive practice was having hidden apis that other browser vendors ( read netscape who wanted the web browser to be a paid product ) could not use and of course bundling the browser with the os . 
  also i believe nobody called websites of the time `` products '' . 
  i wo n't debate if bw has higher skill cap for humans but i do n't see why bw will have higher skill cap for an ai . 
  surely one of the reason people claim bw has higher skill cap is that the interface is shitty and an ai would n't care about that . 
  but ie10 is the current version which is over an year old . 
  yes , the overall usage increase is statistically insignificant but there is no downfall anymore and this has been consistent for more than a year . 
  this does n't make sense . 
  office documents are not html so they do require a plugin anyway . 
  you mean what google does today ? 
  also i thought you meant that ie did not support standards as a strategy . 
  here it seems like ie actually supported more standards ( proprietary ) not less . 
  the strategy of the office team may have been to not be interoperable but this has nothing to do with ie not supporting something . 
  it is very sad if a player who never cheeses is the best . 
  i am actually very happy that he lost both the korean final and most of his wcs finals games . 
  if his remarkably boring and unchanging game was proven to be the best it would mean that there is no point in watching or playing this game any more, 
  so you agree that it will be sad if the best protoss ( or other race ) player never cheeses . 
  it means that the game has totally lost this aspect of mind games . 
  maybe but that did n't stop me from enjoying maru destroying rain just by adapting to the passive game and abusing it to no end . 
  naniwa made it to the top 8 did n't he ? 
  and innovation . 
  not necessary . 
  the e-mail provider can accept invalid e-mail addresses . 
  i think this article is much wiser and it disagrees with the op - http://jacobsantos.com/blog/2007/general/stop-doing-email-validation-the-wrong-way, 
  cool . 
  now bring more games like dance central and kinect adventures !, 
  i was disappointed by the lack of kinect titles in the announced line up and i liked the concept of kinect adventures more than this of kinect sports . 
  or they know that kinect is bigger than xbox and they need to push it hard even if they need to sacrifice a console generation to get a greater return for the company . 
  why not ? 
  it is perfectly fine for an e-mail provider to not accept a valid e-mail address if the address uses some corner case of the specification or accept invalid e-mail address and still process the message . 
  still be better than the tablet nintendo paired with their console , 
  not valid e-mail does not mean an e-mail that does not work . 
  of course if the e-mail is sufficiently broken the server will not accept it but it can easily drop a good amount of the stuff validated by this regex and still work . 
  iran will file formal protest and demand that any team playing against them on the wcg does not use female characters . 
  from the trivia section of the article about the starcraft ii / warcraft iii player demuslim ( http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/demuslim#trivia ), 
  `` had to change his handle to `` bakerb '' at his first eswc and first wcg in wc3 , as the captain of the saudi team demanded it as a result of his team taking offence to his name ( demuslim ) and threatened to pull his team out of the two competitions if the handle was not changed '', 
  then it is the job of the people to change their government . 
  as the saying goes `` every country has the government it deserves '' . 
  alternatively they can emigrate . 
  since kinect is the sole reason i own a console ( of any kind ) i hope they do . 
  currently it looks like the 360 makes more sense for kinect lovers . 
  the same is probably true for surface/smartglass, 
  i do n't agree . 
  gamers are the ideal test bed for new user interfaces . 
  they are tech savvy , learn quick and give good feedback . 
  i am perfectly sure in the future motion interfaces will be everywhere ( like touch is today ) but we 'll have to wait and see if ms will manage to do it or it will be someone else . 
  at the very least ms will hold a bunch of patents related to motion interfaces so even if they do not dominate it the investment may still be worth it . 
  as someone who develops for windows 8 i can tell you that the lack of dev access to the rtm is not a real problem .
