  i do n't , i just think it is stupid that they willingly devalue their own work by releasing it free of charge and then feel the need to create an union . 
  i am not willing to join neither the devaluation nor the unionization . 
  i have never seen that work for individuals . 
  it may work for companies but i bet all those linux kernel maintainers who are paid for linux kernel patches could have made more money if they had sold their skills from the start . 
  sorry i ca n't but it is not like it is easy to prove the opposite either . 
  this is true but it makes the sensationalist title kind of true , does n't it ? 
  someone devises a plan to get programmers to work for free by making it fun and ethical appealing . 
  i think a course in compilers would suffice . 
  i do n't even know how to use linux but i understand all the text . 
  now the code was kind of harder but i did not really spend time trying to understand it . 
  in the words of the great larry ellison, 
   if an open source product gets good enough , we 'll simply take it ... 
  so the great thing about open source is nobody owns it -- a company like oracle is free to take it for nothing , include it in our products and charge for support , and that 's what we 'll do . 
  so it is not disruptive at all -- you have to find places to add value . 
  once open source gets good enough , competing with it would be insane . 
  ... we do n't have to fight open source , we have to exploit open source . 
  by `` take it '' he means use it in their products and sell support for it . 
  they have actually done it several times for example oracle unbreakable linux . 
  also even in licenses like gpl you can build closed source tools and libraries around the product . 
  i am just pointing out that this particular problem is not created by microsoft nor by the . net community . 
  for example the platform vs runtime vs language in the java universe is similar if not worse problem . 
  nobody specifies exactly what part they refer to you have to infer it from context . 
  i do n't think chemo is supposed to fully clear the cancer . 
  it is supposed to reduce it and prevent it from spreading so cutting it out would be more effective . 
  sadly this is not how cancer works . 
  he will have to worry about it for the rest of his life because risk of reappearing . 
  not that people who did not have cancer are somehow protected from it . 
  life will kill you . 
  no , but all other metrics are strictly personal and can not serve as an argument for or against a company or technology . 
  ethics are personal . 
  this is true but is there any way to confirm that this is the case ? 
  ok relative is more exact . 
  btw i think that they should let football fans fight before the match . 
  just make them sign declaration that they are doing it on their own free will and let them fight to the death with no prosecution for the winners, 
  i would n't say the second part is . 
  i wonder if this is possible to do without default argument values . 
  are their any high level ( masters + ) vods of this strategy in action ? 
  just a reminder in dreamhack valencia artosis said that elfi will make it to round of 16 because elfi always makes it to round of 16 . elfi did n't make it to round of 16 on that tournament ... 
  i do n't mind regular masters . 
  i just wish to see a couple of vods with different scenarios including 1-2 where things go wrong . 
  from replay vod is also fine if you ever feel like making one . 
  i am not very concerned about map hackers either but i have never heard of more bullshit reason to excuse them . 
  they do affect you on at least three accounts, 
  1 ) if some of them would have the same mmr they would have higher mmr with hack and will still beat you . 
  2 ) they frustrate people even if the people frustrated are only the cheesers and make people leave the game thus shrinking the scene . 
  3 ) even if the removal of cheese from ladder was true they still affect you because you reduce your practice against cheese disproportionally meaning you are not prepared enough for the real world of tournaments . 
  as a random player i can confirm this is true . 
  i have better stats as a zerg than the other races and when in game i feel like it is significantly easier to play as the zerg . 
  1 ) if everybody had your attitude you may see quite a bit more than 1 in a thousand hackers . 
  2 ) mine is . 
  i do n't care about the numbers but if i can talk about it with people in rl . 
  3 ) winning a tournament is irrelevant . 
  participation is and also the way you become better . 
  if 3 is true then you are not actually becoming better at the game but at some specific ladder version with hacks . 
  of course you may not care about anything . 
  for all we know you may declare that you only play the campaign so you do n't care about anything around sc2 . 
  as i said you do n't care because you have chosen to play very specific subset of starcraft, 
  yeah , ask the least specific subset on their opinion on hacks and if they care ... 
  i am not sure . 
  the ec is usually very dumb and thinks the more things it regulates the better job it does . 
  they try to regulate everything from the way we choose browsers to the shape of the cucumbers . 
  i think there is no malice here and they are genuinely stupid . 
  i personally see the absurd level of regulation as the biggest problem in the eu, 
  do you really use careers ? 
  while in general i agree i have found out that some of the harder answers keep getting upvotes for years and may pay off eventually . 
  and immortal 's attack range used to be 5 . 
  i do n't think it is as bad as you imagine . 
  argentina defaults quite often as far as i know and they still exist somehow so i am sure they will handle it , 
  today i read somewhere that argentina was in a state of default in about 1/3rd of its history . 
  it should be noted that `` bulgaria on brink of collapse '' and `` world soon to follow '' are op 's personal opinions . 
  on the other hand i can confirm that op is in fact involved in several successful businesses and is betting on bitcoin ( at least his public image and btc integration in his businesses point that way ) . 
  zombies are awesome !, 
  when the zombie apocalypse comes the hardest part will be pretending i am not excited . 
  i just hope they are the romero style undead zombies since i do n't enjoy the new infected variety that much . 
  contrary to popular belief the debt of bulgaria is tiny ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-exl_1xtuvh8/t8yrj1txi5i/aaaaaaaaagw/yz6w4ovtsew/s1600/eu-public-debt-gdp-2010.png ) . 
  yes the country is relatively poor and has weak economy but chances of default are very slim . 
  of course a government can accumulate debt quite fast so who knows what the future holds ... 
  depends on your skills . 
  with it job you can make a decent living . 
  there are other marketable skills ( lawyers , running a business ) but i doubt they will be a good fit for foreigners . 
  overall i would advise against that idea . 
  there is a certain appeal to have your kids grow in somewhat tougher and more free environment ( supposedly they would grow stronger and more independent ) but there are things that certainly offset this like very bad health care . 
  also i do n't know if you will be able to handle the culture shock . 
  your wife may also have a problem if she 's been away for a while . 
  javascript overran the industry because it is the only language running in the browser . 
  users of php have no such excuse . 
  so what ? 
  we 've had far better alternatives for more than 15 years now . 
  how come we 've not replaced php ? 
  in my admittedly libertarian view , the state should have very few things so there should be no point in squeezing it because there would be no juice  i applaud the low depth of bulgaria . 
  also note that i was responding to the supposed default of poor countries . 
  i had the same experience . 
  first encounter with prolog came in university on a course about paradigms that also was my first encounter with lisp . 
  i loved writing lisp and i found writing prolog quite annoying . 
  in fact to this day i feel that this was the most unpleasant programming language i have ever used on any level . 
  btw i wonder if my impression that prolog is just glorified pattern matching correct ? 
  java ? 
  . net native will not solve allocations related problems . 
  it still uses gc . 
  i ca n't understand if you are genuinely surprised or just making fun of typescript .
