  if yes , why ? 
  does n't it slow you down to tab through the subgroups so you can storm ? 
  they solved the mothership core problem too , 
  we will see how it feels . 
  if the goal is to spend more apm on economy then 100 % for 10 secs is even better . 
  that would be rare . 
  oh i am not worried about the position of the terran but the widowmine ... 
  i often go for proxy a factory and push the nexus with a bunker and a mine against protoss . 
  then lift the factory in the protoss main and pump mines there while we 're fighting for the nexus . 
  i guess this strat is out now ... or maybe not . 
  there is no mothership core now , 
  i have n't played starcraft 1 basically since sc2 beta but the trick i was using was that i was ctrl + click selecting 12 units and moving them out of the screen , then instead of hunting units that do not move i just ctrl + click on another 12 . 
  it works better than hunting units if you have the space , usually when you setup for an attack . 
  obviously i switched to the method in the video when i am pinned in my base by workers or something . 
  not on a gameplay level . 
  purely as a feeling for the unit . 
  i disagree with the notion that these are variants of mvc . 
  i think they are significantly different . 
  if we treat these as kind of mvc then we can treat everything that has a view as kind of mvc . 
  i am not sure this is a good strategy . 
  bch may be superior but without the ecosystem and the brand name it may still fail or maintain minority role . 
  i tend to think the 2x compromise might be better for cryptocurrencies . 
  also note that if 2x succeeds it breaks the blockstream core monopoly on development and destroys their narrative about block size increases . 
  without the mothership core you can use the mines to protect the bunker and simply pull back recharging mines . 
  true . 
  it will help against units with higher armor values though . 
  zerglings are not one of them . 
  in my opinion it will but in any case not supporting it is not a good idea . 
  freedom of speech as defined in the us constitution means that the government can not jail you . 
  however i 'd prefer to do business with companies that stand for freedom of speech in general . 
  someone tipped me $ 0.25 the other day . 
  i think it is worth around $ 0.60 now . 
  so great . 
  incontrol is my favorite caster . 
  tasteless + artosis  incontrol but incontrol  tasteless and incontrol  artosis . 
  only the archon is superior . 
  sounds like a script for a south park episode, 
  overtaking the bitcoin brand is quite far fetched . 
  you are joking but i bought 1 btc when it was $ 600 . 
  i declared back then that i will buy a tesla car with it . 
  people think i am joking . 
  i am still dead serious on this one . 
  i am also determined to buy it with the actual btc ( or bcc who knows ) and not convert it to fiat first . 
  `` them and us '' being literally the same people from the point of view of op and me . 
  most people on / r/btc are people who got comments deleted or got banned here . 
  you think you are late adopter ? 
  3 years, 
  you really think someone spent $ 3 billion to pump an alt ? 
  then sell it but if the market disagrees with your judgement do n't blame the guy with the beer , 
  did n't they say they will at the start of next year or something like that ? 
  yeah , i also got me some eth for the extras . 
  i wo n't even leave . 
  i hope it happens . 
  i just doubt it . 
  i was surprised to find that i have real world small blocker friends . 
  i do n't know how they feel about 2x though, 
  they talk about scalability problems ( which we already know do not exist at least for 8mb blocks ) and transaction malleability fixes . 
  also in the bu times there were reasonable arguments against bu giving miners all the control and breaking bitcoin invariants like the coin limit . 
  with 4 billion usd in volume daily i have to imagine it is not very easy to pump that price . 
  the orm front is quite well covered in the . net language space . 
  first there is linq and then there are f # type providers . 
  you forgot the winged zerglings which are significantly harder to count/judge than the regular ones . 
  where was this 1 week ago ... 
  this specific issue appears just after a fork . 
  the next occasion when it would be very important will be if the segwit2x fork creates another network, 
   the jvm never really changed much to accommodate source language abstraction, 
  invokedynamic begs to disagree . 
  even if this does happen it fits with their `` all or nothing '' approach . 
  they do in fact intend to end if they are the minority chain . 
  disable skins option now !, 
  `` stop playing because x '' is rarely how it goes . 
  there are just many small things that add up and make the people stop playing . 
  i wo n't stop playing specifically because of the skins but it does put me off and if one day i stop playing skins would be a part of it . 
  well without the skins the stalkers will be blue and the immortal yellow . 
  i doubt anyone would have trouble telling them apart unless they are colorblind . 
  issues with skins so far ( fixed or not ), 
  - zerglings with wings ( not fixed ), 
  - barely distinguishable roach burrow upgrade ( not fixed ), 
  - banelings ( fixed ), 
  - immortal/stalker ( not fixed ), 
  how many times does this need to happen ? 
  just give the option to choose opponent skins from your skin pool which will somewhat compensate people who would be unhappy that they ca n't annoy other players with their skins and that 's it . 
  hell , give them their money back if need be !, 
  in fact the option above might even increase skin sales because people will have an incentive to buy skins for races they do not play . 
  so i guess following the same logic sc2 players should go and play games which are more popular . 
  what ? 
  `` box '' meaning select with a rectangle ? 
  well obviously the ai that attacks you in coop does n't have a problem with counting your immortals, 
  i know but i could n't believe that a skin can break boxing units . 
  in the context of skins the professional scene is not relevant . 
  in sc2 skins are banned in tournaments . 
  the first time i saw the x-wing viking i had the same experience . 
  ( lost a drop while looking at it ) . 
  granted that the second time i immediately knew what it was it was still disturbing . 
  care to explain for the unenlightened ? 
  visual studio proper does the same i think, 
  the bcash argument is by far the most absurd claim from core supporters . 
  even the censorship makes more sense . 
  if something forks off of bitcoin it gets to be called bitcoin x because this informs people who own btc that they now own the fork too . 
  in my opinion if something forks off of bitcoin cash it should be named bitcoin cash x and so on .
