  f # is cancelled ? 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  my understanding is gc included in the binary . 
  i am fine with this . 
  for me every skill should have an auto cast . 
  if the skill is good players will turn autocast off because the ai will not be able to take a good decision . 
  this proves that the skill requires a good amount of thinking rather than brainless mechanical speed . 
  i am really disappointed by win10 . 
  i ca n't think of a single thing that got better when i upgraded and the tablets i upgraded are almost unusable with win10 ( and they were cool with win8 ) . 
  the tablet interface in win10 is extremely bad . 
  in other news edge is on the edge of being unusable . 
  i know i use it ... or at least trying to . 
  this being the first official release of . net native i ca n't say they did not keep their promises . 
  they announced that it is coming to windows store first years ago and these days they delivered . 
  we have no reason to doubt that they will port it to other . net platforms . 
  on the other hand we should fight google propaganda . 
  remember when they `` invented '' the multiprocess browser 3 weeks after microsoft released theirs ? 
  i do n't get the argument about the game starting slower . 
  i have n't played with the new patch yet but several players and i think blizzard themselves suggested that there are more battles with small groups of units now . 
  assuming that this is true i do n't see why the game should be only about large armies . 
  i am fine with watching 2 zealots and a stalker play around with a couple of lings and later 5 zealots and 5 stalkers doing the same with a larger group of lings and so on . 
  in fact i loved that part of brood war . 
  the game did not immediately escalate to massive armies . 
  there were stages where fights happened with smaller groups and the micro dynamics were different in the early , mid and late game . 
  in fact since the maps got large i miss even the early game fights . 
  in the start of wol ( and in brood war ) you would sometimes try to push the zerg hatch with 2 gateways and attack with your first zealot and a couple of probes and there could be a lot of action at that stage rather than simple scouting . 
  i hope the removal of macro mechanics makes it possible to do things like this again and i hope that they think of introducing smaller maps again . 
  while i agree with the general sentiment i must point out that chrono boost was a great macro mechanic . 
  it did require thinking and it was significant part of strategy . 
  ideally i would like to see all races add macro mechanics with a design as great as chrono boost and not a completely bullshit ones like spawn larvae . 
  in addition i 'd rather see a game where the economy explodes more slowly even with the macro mechanics . 
  if i was running a real business and somebody built a product with a tech stack built based on these recommendations i would fire him on the spot . 
  you ca n't run a software where all the tech appeared last year . 
  one or two pieces is ok but a full set of these is a recipe for failure . 
  at the very least you will have a hard time finding developers . 
  you made your designer and artist less productive because you did not want to code on windows ? 
  wtf ?!, 
  i find it very hard to believe that the os can be that important given the same dev platform . 
  he is not a network admin he is a game developer . 
  this is just absurd . 
  no , just the dev environment is more important than the os . 
  also seems like 2 vs 1 situation . 
  exaggeration is an effective communication technique especially in the case where the audience is expected to not take it literally . 
  that may only be true in big tech hubs like the valley , london and seattle . 
  otherwise i doubt you can get the critical number of developers assuming that you need more than 2 . 
  i loved 8 especially on my convertible machine ( did n't find it significantly different from 7 on the desktop ) . 
  windows 10 drives me nuts . 
  it is hands down the worst experience i had with any windows ( i have used 95 , 98 , xp , vista , 7 , 8 and 10 ), 
  they killed silverlight , they killed dart ... up to now all real attempts failed . 
  web assembly is a good try though , i help it is successful . 
  because `` compile to js '' is not alternative to javascript - it is a hack and all compile to js solutions have to work around and compromise because they are a hack . 
  dart is a failure . 
  it promised an alternative vm in the browser and it did n't deliver . 
  it became another hack and does n't even shine among the variety of hacks . 
  i do n't think it is fair to compare jvm to js . 
  jvm is a much better compiler target . 
  asm.js is a great idea in theory but we 've yet to see it succeed as a general purpose target . 
  we are still waiting for access to the gc and the dom and a language like java running on top of it . 
  i hope we will get there some day but we may not, 
  well dart was n't but still nobody cared . 
  also if web assembly suffers the `` design by committee '' bullshit that the whole web platform suffers maybe we will be looking for another solution that does not suck soon enough . 
  oh please do not move the overlord drop on lair !, 
  that 's the most interesting change in the beta in my opinion . 
  ~ 1 second is not enough . 
  look somewhere else for a second and ruin your build order is not a good idea . 
  no , the major problem is that many players are interested in strategy not in braindead skill like larva inject . 
  yes , i really want to play a game where the ability to click a button every 25 seconds or so is rewarded . 
  i always dreamed of developing that skill and competing to prove that i am the best in pressing a button at a set interval . 
  i find this strategy thing as annoying distraction . 
  why would anyone want to think about build orders , mind games , positioning armies , decision making , timing , scouting and all that bullshit when we all know that sc must be the hardest game and what makes starcraft beautiful is apm , larva inject and stutter stepping and splitting marines, 
  i think americans should vote trump for president . 
  he would surely not let this change go untested !, 
  yeah it would be great if there is a unit that is unusable . 
  what a great idea , they should make more units unusable after the swarm host and the colossus . 
  i even suggest they introduce like 10 new unusable units per race . 
  i hate the need for walls so much . 
  i wish the game was not played only on absurdly large maps that force expand start . 
  forgot sarcasm tag ( actually did n't put it on purpose ), 
  yeah and this way you can still use mules with reduce effectiveness even when the minerals are far away from the command center . 
  mules just travel there , no need for range . 
  i want walls to be a choice and i want more variety in maps . 
  i do want large maps but i do want like 1/5th of the games ending at one base ( where 1 base can mean 1 base mined out which did happen on some wol launch maps ) . 
  i also want air maps . 
  i posted 3 sarcastic comments in this thread . 
  now that i looked at it this was n't supposed to be one of them . 
  just bad wording . 
  i will pull my `` not a native speaker '' defense despite the fact that it would have been bad wording in my native language as well , 
  what i meant was that strategy is good and larva inject is bad . 
  players were complaining that they were competing on larva injects rather than strategic decisions . 
  because i do n't want to fight the interface i want it to help me . 
  what is so hard about adding an option like the one we had for starting worker rally in hots anyway ? 
  of course it has . 
  when it become an emperor of the world javascript in the browser will need to be enabled in about : flags on a site-by-site basis ( no shortcuts like `` do you want to enable js on this site '' ) and all websites will naturally have to be wikipedia-style . 
  in addition there will be a hard limit of 2mb data per page ( media excluded ) . 
  every browser will be required to implement these restrictions . 
  because in order to be effective you have to switch it at the exact time the building finishes its job ( say upgrade ), 
  sure but you can just catch up with chrono if you forget it . 
  now you ca n't, 
  well we can have less effective energy-based chrono boost . 
  yes but you were bound by the energy and you can store energy .
