  that 's like top 2-18 % or something . 
  is n't it remarkable ? 
  yes i do n't count her accomplishments towards women because she was born ( and probably raised ) as a boy . 
  the only reason i care about the gender of a sc pro is because i am interested in the question if there is genetic basis for sc skill and if the upbringing of a player figures into his eventual skill level . 
  for example if you were a boy and played with lego instead of dolls would that put you in better position to become a sc player ? 
  on both accounts scarlett is male so why would i count her achievements towards women ? 
  what is more what good would it do to women who were born women if i counted her achievements towards women ? 
  it may give them wrong information about the potential of their gender for sc-type games . 
  ah thank you . 
  this is cool . 
  how do you extract the link and are there other linkable things in the client except profiles ? 
  this extracttopten method makes 0 sense to me . 
  he uses take ( 10 ) and then extracts ... 10 ? 
  i really dislike status bars . 
  damaged option was heaven sent . 
  i hate status bars so match that i played with disabled ones until they introduced the damaged option . 
  i actually wish there was a setting that showed even less status bars than damaged . 
  for example how about an option that disables status bars for units with less than 50 hp ( but not workers ) so i do n't have to look at those ling or marine status bars . 
  i get really annoyed when the observer forgets the always on status bars in a tournament . 
  btw one thing i often notice in non-gsl tournaments is that they have vsync disabled . 
  i find it sooooo annoying . 
  i am not sure what to think of it but i downvoted just in case it is not a joke . 
  omg i did n't notice that . 
  huge zed shaw fan here , 
  i know !, 
  i swear if it was n't so cold in sweden i would have moved there already !, 
  the fact that the more serious ( if you forgive me the use of the word ) parties accepted the challenge is the real deal . 
  i bet in every country some party can issue a challenge but the fact that most of them showed up is the real difference between sweden and the rest of the world . 
  in one sitting ? 
  unless you are actually high masters or gm i am willing to bet it wo n't happen in one sitting unless you are able to play your top game after 15 + hours of playing . 
  when i found out that this is na i find it much more believable . 
  note that i am questioning getting there in one single sitting , not his actual skill . 
  i think mid masters player will need like 15 hours to do it and one can hardly play a top game after 15 hours . 
  of course my estimation can be completely off . 
  well i do n't have any proof except several friends who are ranked higher on na than on eu and claim it is easier . 
  this seems to be in sync with the general opinion of the community so i do n't have reason to believe anything else . 
  still it seems like 10c average below where i live ( bulgaria ) . 
  what are the average temperatures in actual winter because this is what i am worried about . 
  i get it but still much better than anyone here can perform if by `` youth party '' they mean actual party members not just younger people who vote for them . 
  this is pretty reasonable . 
  i guess it is because it is near the sea despite the fact that it is a northern country . 
  i might seriously consider living there if i decide to emigrate . 
  i guess i have to research the job market for software developers now , 
  btw i really want to visit sweden and attend a dreamhack but there are no direct flights from bulgaria to sweden which makes the logistics harder and the costs higher . 
  if i can live in a place that hovers around -5 in the winter i would be really happy but if it is around -15 i am scared , 
  i had severe problems in tvz , then i started playing ultra turtle mech with hellbat drops in the meantime . 
  i still do n't have positive score in this matchup but now pvz and tvp have worse stats ( i play random so i play all matchups from both sides ) . 
  i wonder how the hellbat nerf will affect this strategy ... 
  watch this or wcs ... hard decision . 
  then play zerg , 
  still far easier than splitting marines against splash damage . 
  in addition on lower levels ( i.e. 
  until high masters ) you can compensate for bad injects with additional hatcheries . 
  people try to emulate the pros and ignore that option . 
  you can compensate bad injects with more hatcheries in the late game . 
  as your mechanics get better you simply reduce the number of hatcheries and build them later in the game so it does not damage your progress . 
  i think do think that eu would look like na if they switch koreans but i do n't think na will look like eu . 
  i think na players will have hard time beating the eu koreans as well . 
  i hope i am wrong but this is what it looks like to me . 
  not the best training experience but this is the wrong question to ask because the campaign is actually cool and you should play it anyway , 
  every week i stumble upon some piece of information about go that convinces me more and more that i wo n't like this language if i try it . 
  it surely helps that i am quite open to this type of information since i really dislike google as a company . 
  yep , diamond to masters probably takes as much time as bronze to diamond but it does not sound as depressing when written , 
  as a low masters player with less than stellar macro i rely mostly on build orders and decision making . 
  with time i learned to tweak my fakes . 
  if i play favored ( mid/high masters player ) i use advanced fakes , cancels , etc. 
  if i am favored ( i.e. 
  i play a diamond or low-masters player ) i do n't bother faking things that much because it seems like the opponent does not notice and counters it by accident ( and yes i check the replays to see what information the opponent got when i am countered ), 
  am i the only one who suspects that the post might be one of those sc vs lol baits ? 
  ok i suspect this is one of those sc vs lol baits we see a lot here but ... here is an advice :, 
  use safe builds to stop cheese and go for splash damage units ( preferably colossus ) on two bases . 
  on lower levels of play this allows you to fight quite easy by simply a-moving . 
  it puts a lot more pressure on the opponent to counter it than on you to control it . 
  yeah but i have other objections biggest of which being the lack of generics . 
  this is just one more drop . 
  the lack of function overloads is interesting . 
  i do n't have real world experience with structurally typed language so i wonder if function overloads make sense in such a language to begin with . 
  well it took me about 2 weeks to go from bronze to plat in the wol beta ( there was no masters back then ) . 
  what is your point . 
  where did you start and how long did it take to get to diamond ? 
  did you play consistent number of games through all the time frames ? 
  as far as i understand this is the same as javascript . 
  however ruby is not statically and structurally typed language so not really comparable . 
  i mean the amount of starcraft matches between diamond and masters and bronze ( or whatever it was ) and diamond . 
  well ok i may be wrong then . 
  too bad i ca n't keep meaningful stats for myself . 
  now that i think of it i play random and this may be why diamond to masters took as long as bronze to diamond . 
  after all you get to diamond simply by spending your money and building probes . 
  but from diamond to masters you really need to learn the matchups . 
  does it work with other buildings ? 
  why do probes regenerate instantly ? 
  they should not regenerate in battle . 
  if it works for units it literally affects balance by changing all strategies that rely on upgrade math . 
  it 's not the same because they zerg units regenerate in combat , protoss units do n't . 
  does the same thing work for upgrades that give less than 1 point of damage like the mutalisk bounce damage ? 
  also i still thing this is a bug since it means that protoss units and buildings have 1 more hit point than listed, 
  how do you know this ? 
  because laptop vendors say so ? 
  liquipedia does state that bounce damage is increased by fractions with upgrades . 
  i always wondered what that meant,
