  this means very large community of high quality developers , ability to share code between the client and the server and the performance of state of the art vm ( because the whole industry invests in js performance ) . 
  but yeah , node sucks and these things are not enough to make me use it . 
  still if i had to choose between php and node the answer is obvious . 
  fun fact - windows phone is a bigger market for games than linux and nobody gives a shit about it . 
  linux actually has disproportional support from game devs just because the game devs themselves are linux enthusiasts . 
  they may be great and all ( windows phones are also great ) but they are just too small of a market . 
  linux has 0.88 % share of gaming machines according to steam survey and it is probably overrepresented there because valve push linux more than other companies . 
  that 's slightly more than windows vista and even the unreleased windows 10 has 0.84 % . 
  the `` disaster '' ( according to gabe ) known as windows 8 has ~ 34 % . 
  windows phone hovers between 3 and 4 % of mobile market and nobody cares about it . 
  still for some reason people claim that devs should care about linux . 
  and they do care simply because they want to care but there is a limit how far you can go . 
  maybe for indie games enthusiasm is enough but for aaa titles you have to prove that the platform will make more money than any other investment of dev and test time including other platforms , dlcs , and everything else devs can do in that time . 
  so full of shit . 
  talks about languages that refuse to die starts with a language that is perfectly dead . 
  that probably makes sense for valve but do regular developers who do not own a distribution platform it is just ideological thing . 
  it is fine to support things because they fit your ideas but it is silly to try to invent business case for it especially if you already shut the door for more meaningful business cases . 
  the problem for game developers is not that big . 
  maybe the closed platform owner will get a bigger but or censor some content but in general it is not a problem for the actual business ... 
  unless of course you own steam but lets not pretend that steam is some public resource . 
  it is a distribution platform owned by a specific company and other game devs do not have much of a reason to care if it survives or is replaced by some other store . 
  now steam machines are interesting . 
  i simply do n't see the case for them . 
  i van already build a pc and have done so . 
  why would i want to buy an additional one from valve ? 
  in addition valve 's refusal to put any exclusives on the system may be noble but i doubt the market will appreciate it . 
  more likely people will just buy consoles for the halos and uncharteds, 
  you assume that most gamers care about linux at all so this thread must go to the top ? 
  yeah they did n't vote for independence !, 
  who would want to live there ? 
  better stay where you are and show them what you think of their decision !, 
  i 'd be interested to learn why . 
  i remember being curious about linux when i was younger even tried it for a couple of days but the more i know about it and the more people in the linux community i meet the more i think it can never work for me especially the gaming side of me . 
  i do n't think `` unsupported '' is an option for serious businesses . 
  you may be fine with it as an user but a company ca n't afford to do that . 
  the ideological reasons to use linux are fine and i respect that but they have nothing to do with gaming . 
  you ca n't really point to them in the context of the question `` why gamers should care about linux '', 
  first of all most of these points assume that i ( the user ) am willing to suffer the stages of worse hardware and software support just to ensure a better future for the pc . 
  i do n't think i want to be that martyr and the regular person probably does not care either . 
  also in my experience there is value in one company controlling the ecosystem . 
  there are a lot of choices i simply do n't want to make . 
  this is why i believe ios is a better choice for most people than android . 
  sure android has more choices and options but unless i am developing a device or customizing it why would i want the burden of these choices ? 
  i just let apple make them for me and go spend time with my children or debating with people on reddit . 
  as i see it windows is kind of in the middle here with less ability to customize than linux but more than osx, 
  a lot of anti-ms sentiment here . 
  first of all i do n't see the big difference between valve and ms. 
  both are companies working for profit that will do whatever they need to maximize long term profit . 
  otherwise they are a fraud . 
  i do n't see any reason to trust valve and not ms. 
  i do n't agree that ms does not give a fuck about the customer . 
  every company that takes money from their customers does . 
  as long as they charge for their products they do care . 
  i do n't get the win 7 argument really . 
  there is windows 8.1 that is less than 2 years old and windows 10 is coming in a month . 
  i 'd prefer friendly fire and no delay to the proposed design . 
  the opposing player should micro when he sees the ghost flanking not when the shot is activated . 
  i hate those skills that challenge you to move before they hit . 
  feels like i am playing diablo or dota and makes it about reaction rather than tactics and positioning . 
  i do n't think starcraft 1 had even one of them except nuke ( and nuke is quite different ) . 
  do you challenge the ability of the lore team to invent some bullshit explanation about this ? 
  do n't tempt them or they may come up with something like the marauder grenade creating mini black hole that sucks the enemy unit and thus slows it down . 
  the stupidest explanation i have heard ... 
  there is one insane achievement where you have to kill some absurd amount of units with one shot . 
  had to check youtube to see how it is done . 
  still felt absurd ( or maybe the method in the video i found was absurd ) . 
  that would be a meaningful argument if gaming was that dependent on windows . 
  all popular engines are multi-platform . 
  consoles , mobile and macs ensure that . 
  if ms fuck up windows gaming would just move to another platform without much effort . 
  also if history is anything to go by this company that supposedly gives no fucks about pc gamers gives much more fucks than the whole linux community combined . 
  and finally i see no reason for this migration to happen before ms really fucks up windows . 
  valve claims that they have done so with windows 8 but i have seen 0 indication that this is the case . 
  i wonder if he can work on integrating it with the devs of the website . 
  i mean it is not like you just take the template and your website works with it , there is frontend and even design work required to customize it . 
  maybe that 's what he is selling . 
  i wonder why companies have very high hiring bar . 
  now i understand if you are working on a crypto library or an os kernel but a regular end-user product like a mobile or web app or a system that has both always has a place for average developers . 
  someone has to write those pojo classes and fix that bug where a field was missing validation . 
  add to that that average devs are cheaper than top devs and easier to hire and you would think that clever companies would develop a system where they could make use of them . 
  now first of all i used the word `` average '' as opposed to `` bad '' on purpose . 
  i realize that a bad programmer will slow everyone down but an average one as i see it is one that can perform some tasks without error and recognize when he ca n't handle the more complex task and ask for help or for someone more senior to validate the solution . 
  also i do n't suggest that they let average programmers overwhelm the company . 
  i mean there must be a middle ground somewhere ... 
  great idea . 
  this will also fix some cheese problems like the recently discovered `` ling rush '' that is so inappropriate for starcraft and promote macro games because macro games are the only type of games anyone wants to see . 
  are you saying that startups are glorified recruiting agencies ? 
  well some people refuse to use static typing let alone static analyzers . 
  my understanding is that high bar is like 30 + . 
  and i am asking why would n't you hire people ~ 10, 
  i find this argument to be bullshit . 
  other languages have large enough communities too and most people who do use js dislike it like most people in this subthread . 
  in fact i believe that if you remove the people who use js and dislike it there will be other languages with larger communities . 
  now these communities will probably not care enough to make a great web editor for js and html but this is quite different argument . 
  only true for web development features . 
  the investment in non-web features will be higher in an editor in the corresponding language . 
  vs will get more c # contributions , eclipse will get more java contributions etc. 
  dynamic languages can and do use serious features . 
  for example i use the integrated js debugger in visual studio quite often . 
  it is a cultural thing , people just do n't expect these tools to be there and do n't demand them .
