  if you got to `` wo n't fix '' it was good . 
  connect was so bad that sometimes you literally could not post a bug due to bug in the site . 
  i have n't tried but from what i 've read the msbuild stuff does not work yet ( on 1.1 ), 
  i agree about weighing it against other stacks but i was replying to a comment saying that the existing users are the one who would be adopting core first . 
  i argue that the existing users are the one that are selected in a way that would make them stick to the full framework for longer . 
  first of all i doubt there will be no . net 4.7 . 
  but more importantly why does it matter if it takes half a decade for core to catch up to full . 
  yes core will get versions with stuff which full already has . 
  to be honest this is not pointing out to boxing/unboxing . 
  this is pointing out to the value of the value type optimization for the enumerator that can not be used when using an interface, 
  beware with the comments . 
  there are some good types of comments, 
  - comments that explain the algorithm for a complex method . 
  those usually are written at the start of the method . 
  these usually refer to the specification and are written inline just to avoid forcing the reader to jump to the specification document . 
  - comments that explain why ugly code is intentionally left ugly . 
  those are usually there when the code is ugly for performance reasons , for legacy reasons , some subtle requirement that may be missed if someone makes the code pretty or to apologize that you are a noob and wrote bad code . 
  - the doc comments ( usually special syntax above methods ) that show up as hints in the ide and can be used to generate some form of documentation . 
  comments that just explain what your code does are bad . 
  note that every comment has a cost . 
  it has to be maintained and there is a chance that the code is changed but the comment is forgotten . 
  this is true even for the good comments so this cost should be weighed against the benefits . 
  for example you should not usually write doc comments on your private methods since the value is low but the cost is still there . 
  not really . 
  if the enumerator was a reference type to begin with it would still incur the same cost regardless of the fact that there would be no boxing . 
  so what ? 
  it is inevitable that some day . net will be legacy technology like cobol . 
  do i have to abandon it now when it is still the best choice ? 
  cuba is not free with castro 's death . 
  also please release a full campaign rather than 3 missions at a time . 
  i second the idea of no animated cutscenes . 
  1 for intro and 1 for the end is good enough . 
  also please no comic book style story , please tell it in game like in sc1/brood war, 
  as long as it is profitable it makes sense to hire more people . 
  this is kind of obvious solution . 
  portal 2 had this so why not sc2 ? 
  but level design ( i.e. 
  being good with the editor and having good ideas about the game ) are not exactly the technical job openings google/facebook/microsoft have . 
  true but there is a community out there already making stuff with the editor , those people are hirable . 
  in addition learning to use the editor takes far less time compared to learning to program game graphics for example . 
  i do n't know much about the comic book but i sure as hell rooted for him in the daredevil netflix series , 
  the premise is of course wrong . 
  libertarians as a whole are not pro-trump . 
  on hillary vs trump we 're quite divided . 
  i am firmly in the trump camp when compared to hillary because, 
  hillary is such a failure in every possible way surpassing everything trump could possibly fail at and this includes social issues ( remember that kkk mentor ? ), 
  trump destroys social justice warriors . 
  for me personally cultural marxism is on the top of my list of threats to liberty . 
  trump is for less taxation , government regulation and social welfare compared to clinton . 
  when balancing the social freedoms and the economic freedoms libertarianism stands for i 'll always err on the side of economic freedoms . 
  as i see it if you have economic freedoms you can always buy the social freedoms in some way . 
  for example if you have money and want to have abortion you can just travel to a country where abortion is legal - problem solved . 
  the fact that he knows people in the establishment and moved in those circles does not mean that he is establishment candidate . 
  i firmly believe that he is anti-establishment . 
  all the media and state machine was working against him . 
  he is more like a person who had his place in the establishment but broke the establishment rules by demanding much more than his established place so he in fact broke the establishment . 
  i do n't get where people get the idea that trump is a racist . 
  i have not seen one quote from him that i would consider even remotely racist . 
  so in that regard trump is as libertarian as it gets, 
  i would be an anarchist but i am not handsome , brave , clever , strong and generous enough so i am a minarchist, 
  i 'd answer `` strongly republican '' in the ron paul sense ( i.e. 
  constitutionalist ), 
  i wish it was correlated with so reputation, 
  for the sake of argument ? 
  is there a tl ; dr ; ? 
   c # will soonish implement a way of indicating that a type is nullable, 
  do n't hold your breath . 
  i believe this proposal will go down . 
  too much legacy , too many problems , a lot of valid code that becomes compile-time error . 
  are there stats . 
  like how many games did it take ? 
  irrelevant distinction . 
  you can not just release a language change that will produce infinite amount of warnings on code that is currently fine . 
  they can hide it behind flags but it is still problematic and it still blocks some existing patterns which are perfectly fine code like thrownotfoundifnull ( someobject ), 
  so someobject is an object of nullable type . 
  say you just got it from the database and null indicates that there was no record for that id so you want to return 404 not found by throwing httpresponseexception . 
  you do this on the second line in the method and you know that the value is not null after that but the compiler does not know that and spits a warning on every usage of someobject after this point . 
  note that things like code contracts can handle this via post conditions . 
  make me !, 
  can it ? 
  that 's great !, 
  interesting how it would work if it interoperates with javascript . 
  it could but it was n't in the proposal and there will be issues with libraries unless it relies on something like code contracts, 
  so the left insists on living in denial . 
  go ahead - censor as much as you like and then be surprised when trump wins , brexit happens and so on . 
  this is quite a significant number i think i have like 6000 1 vs 1 and 2000 team for the past 6 years . 
  yeah ... but it seems to me that this approach is unacceptable for c # . 
  you ca n't just generate a warning because the user moved that method in another assembly . 
  how to expand on a diagnosis from a tweet . 
  some true house skills here . 
  and decorators are stable typescript feature even if they are not yet stable in javascript . 
  the latter does n't matter since you are transpiling to downlevel js anyway so even if the feature is dropped from js it can still be transpiled the same way . 
  well ... 
  open borders . 
  i disagree with the arguments against open borders for economical reasons ( i.e. 
  `` they took your jobs ! '' ), 
  but i think having closed borders for cultural reasons is fine . 
  i was thinking the same thing . 
  and trump does n't strike me as one who would let people under him make him look like a fool . 
  unless this guy really convinces trump that marijuana should be banned trump will replace him in a heartbeat if he disobeys .
