  in c # it works quite fine . 
  i am not aware of any cases of abuse in popular libraries . 
  i am so stealing this . 
  haha now i have an official link to annoy players on the ladder . 
  i play random and the conversation goes like this :, 
  opponent : race ? 
  me : not announcing, 
  opponent : you are bm you do n't try to improve, 
  me : i am practicing for dreamhack , pretend we are playing in a tournament . 
  opponent : yeah right , you are diamond . 
  me : yes , it turns out they let everyone sign up . 
  but they still do not believe me , 
  obviously you are not aware of the power of generics . 
  most of my generics are methods , usually extension methods and they come from simpler code and turn into generics when i need reuse . 
  hell , you ca n't even write a normal filter method without generics !, 
  that 's such a bullshit . 
  loops for functions like this increase complexity and reduce readability in the majority of cases . 
  it is not like it has not been tested with multiple languages with obvious results . 
  also if anyone writes a filter that returns null instead of empty sequence he should be fired immediately . 
  c # is better than go because it has generics , period . 
  statically typed programming languages without generics or equivalent mechanism are criminal and should not be used . 
  see , i can do it with go too , 
  the statement that java and c # failed is quite a strong one . 
  i like arguing on the internet and all but one thing that makes me angry is people claiming that go is fine and lacking generics is fine . 
  i simply can not fathom how anyone would say that with a straight face . 
  my opinion is that go is literally the worst production level general purpose programming language introduce in the last 10 years . 
  the only reason designers think lacking generics is ok is because they are used to writing code in c, 
  btw one killer features is xslt debugger . 
  you only know how cool this is when you need it . 
  of course it is better that you never need it , 
  do n't forget that vegetarian caster that only wants to see `` nice macro games '' ... what was his name ... 
  i liked it a lot . 
  i loved the wol launch map pool . 
  never complained about small maps or cheese . 
  yeah , the other option is to let them screw the project and resort to physical violence for punishment . 
  pruning or gtfo !, 
  he specifically mentions c++ . 
  i have sent a pm, 
  he talks about gaming so i doubt it . 
  i wonder why anti-ms people are so worried about this strategy . 
  after all are n't licenses like gpl supposed to protect the technology from precisely this strategy ? 
  in addition is ms still so scary and powerful that the open source community ca n't prevent such strategy by producing even better extensions ? 
  still i upvoted for clever word play . 
  i know but lets assume that people do n't trust them with these actions . 
  still why are they afraid , i thought the open source licenses meant something after all . 
  if they do n't why bother releasing something under these licenses ? 
  nokia extinguished themselves by missing the smartphone revolution . 
  accidentally ms failed doing the same thing but at least they had other businesses to generate income . 
  you need to provide an example of extinguish to claim this is eee or it is just speculation . 
  gp says they have n't used actual eee since 93 ( actually the java debacle was later but still in the 90s ) . 
  not an example of embrace because they created c # . 
  eee assumes you take a technology from someone else . 
  not really because it is their product . 
  also you 'd be surprised how many people use ie despite the fact that they do not surf a lot . 
  ok i will give you an example . 
  microsoft embracing and contributing to jquery while dropping their own js framework . 
  in addition they contributed some of the most boring stuff that nobody was willing to work on - globalization . 
  on the other hand now that they own the company they may decide to roll the plugin into the free vs editions, 
  then the argument is completely pointless since you can apply this claim to every example where they started using something . 
  i have seen claims that ms 's dev business operates at very minimal profit . 
  while tools do cost money they also cost a lot to develop . 
  if this is even remotely true they develop the tools to promote their platform and facilitate developers on said platforms . 
  it would n't make much sense to spend a lot of money to facilitate development on linux and mac, 
  vim is widely available but it is not available on 90 % of the desktop pcs ? 
  that 's really strange way to advertise wide availability . 
  so basically people are scared because they are sure ms products are better than the open source alternatives . 
  i mean if they were n't better no one would care what they embrace , right ? 
  yes and according to you that can never change even if they accumulate a century of good behavior because obviously they are not behaving well , they are just admitting multiple defeats . 
  who owns what is mentioned literally in the first sentence in the featured article . 
  so since the 90s they have not pulled off a successful eee . 
  also would n't ee without extinguish be a very good thing ? 
  the strategy would not be successful if people do not use the proprietary extensions . 
  if people use the proprietary extensions it would mean that they are useful ( or at least seem useful ) . 
  you ca n't force developers to use lets say delegates in java via market weight . 
  so the open source licenses are in fact useless ? 
  so the gpl is useless but on the other hand what 's to stop ms from patenting shit even if nobody uses their extended version . 
  that 's literally what they do in the mobile space . 
  you are gon na pay for the patents anyway so better use them , 
  extinguish the competition ( within the restrictions of the law ) is by definition the goal of every for profit company . 
  if a company does not try to generate maximum revenue in every possible lawful way its shareholders and investors better sue the people who run the company . 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  there is no need to worry about patents since there is nothing you can do about them technologically . 
  if you worry about patents run for congress , donate money for anti-patent lobbying or something but avoiding ms tech is totally pointless . 
  i have a hard time mapping the ooxml and olpc cases to eee but ok . 
  your other statement bothers me ... so ms can not create anything without being evil because it will disrupt communities . 
  they have talked about 64 bit version for windows multiple times and they say that it will not have any gains for the user . 
  their arguments sound reasonable . 
  i do n't see how you can compete without disrupting communities . 
  i do not worry about earthquakes . 
  i do n't know if that is possible . 
  if the company is traded as a for profit companies and some shareholders vote for this what happens with the others who want the profits ? 
  if 100 % of the shareholders decide so it makes perfect sense to go for the ethical thing ( whatever that means ) . 
  it also makes sense to argue that more ethical outlook would provide better long-term profits so they 'd better do it . 
  yes . 
  google defends android pretty well . 
  this is why every single device manufacturer that sells in the us and eu pays microsoft , 
  then why does the article claim otherwise or have i failed reading comprehension ? 
  obviously i ca n't . 
  they are not behaving well they are just admitting defeats , 
  no , but i suck at ethics evident by the fact that i use ms products and develop for ms platforms ( thus increasing their lock in ) without any doubts or regrets just because i enjoy c # and because i am paid to use it .
