  i hate blizzard time so much that i am even prepared to have unit timings in fractions if they do n't see fit normalizing them . 
  frankly i do n't understand why anyone would want the broken time especially since we 'll have to relearn the game anyway . 
  very few strategies will work with the same timings and all of them will be early game . 
  i 'd say you 'd need to relearn no more than 10 timings . 
  everything else will be changed . 
  the problem is that it is not common . 
  the common time is , you know , the one on clocks . 
  i only use the broken clock because there is no way to fix it . 
  when i see a bug i want it fixed especially since it is still early . 
  i intend to play starcraft ii till starcraft iii is realeased and if i have to play 8-9 years more i prefer they fix it now . 
  also the moment they switch it we will have a common clock to those who play starcraft because this will be the clock in starcraft . 
  if you are using . net the ability was always there . 
  you are not alone . 
  i still have vista on my gaming machine and probably will for 2 more months until the windows 8 laptops hit the stores so i can buy a new one and push the win 7 license and the ssd hard drive from my current laptop to the desktop machine . 
  btw i never understood all the hate for vista . 
  this installation is 4 years old and runs like a charm with hundreds of programs installed . 
  yes they are , once they ship the sdk for wp8 . 
  well maybe the advancement in hardware in the years since vista helps 7 look faster . 
  there are optimizations for 1gb ram though . 
  the popular opinion is also tha vista crashes all the time which is not true since nvidia fixed their drivers . 
  uuum ... 
  i find 7 's file transfer pretty slow compared to xp . 
  100 % agree . 
  also ms pushed down the requirements only for low memory machines ( 1gb ) . 
  if you had 4gb vista performes pretty much like 7 . 
  however moore 's law helped 7 in this regard as well . 
  very few people had 4gb of ram when vista was released and most people had 4gb when 7 was released . 
  the warhound was the stupidest unit ever and i am not saying this because it was imba . 
  it was just boring and damage vs mechanical ... 
  wtf ?!?!? 
  a unit that by definition should not be used against one of the races ? 
  also entombe or whatever that skill that blocks minerals is called is remarkably stupid . 
  nvidia drivers used to crash a lot in the first 6-9 months, 
  means generating html on the server is out of fashion these days . 
  web forms is better than mvc for the kind of web pages it was developed for but the kind of web pages it was developed for are out of fashion . 
  with the new fashion which is single page applications web frameworks that generate html on the server are not cool . 
  mvc is now as outdated as web forms . 
  ok i pretend you said web forms . 
  i saw the html . 
  remind me why i care !, 
  the web page works fine . 
  yes . 
  first of all it had pretty high hardware requirements for the time . 
  the average computer ha 512mb ram at the time and to run as well as xp vista requires at least 2gb of ram . 
  second they changed the driver model and it took nvidia a year to fix the crashes . 
  in the first year vista did n't work because of drivers . 
  finally vista challenged the `` everyone is admin '' practice popular in the windows world which caused a lot of software that required admin access without real need to have it to produce a lot of annoying prompts . 
  rumor has it that the prompts were annoying on purpose . 
  it hurt but ms needed to do it for the greater good of the windows ecosystem . 
  later ms released vista with a new taskbar and a new name and it was a hit . 
  btw i still have a 4 years old vista installation and i see no reason to upgrade it ( i 'll probably do upgrade because i need to change the hard drive ), 
  it has good json support but if you go this way the whole `` view '' part of mvc is out and the m part is all the same in mvc , web forms and even desktop apps . 
  i 'm not the fan of spa either . 
  i am a fan of the web pages web forms is good for . 
  like wikipedia . 
  i ca n't wait till one platform wins and we 're back to sane development and leave this `` open standards '' shitstorm behind . 
  every time i see people play on low graphics i wonder how they see the force fields . 
  does this relate in any way to dpi ? 
  some people prefer low settings because this removes all graphical distraction . 
  i find low an overkill since not every effect is distracting and some effects actually help better see the game ( force fields on low settings are almost invisible ) . 
  i personally play on ultra but reduce the terrain and lightening to high because i have found the ultra settings distracting . 
  ultra lightening means dynamic lightening and some spinning lamps on the map make me feel like i saw a unit moving there . 
  terrain has stones and bushes and sometimes when i am scrolling fast i also think there is a unit . 
  my advice is - play on highest settings and reduce them the first time you get distracted by a particular effect . 
  i hardly feel the difference when playing with dpi vs speed ( frankly i am not sure what the difference is ) but reduce mouse lag is one of the options i feel has great positive effect . 
  without it i feel like the cursor is definitely lagging behind my movements . 
  it feels like a trail rather than instant response . 
  try it and see if you feel the difference . 
  if you have standard tft display it probably runs at 60hz . 
  this means that the display is refreshed 60 times per second . 
  obviously it can not show more than 60 frames so if the game produces more it will show two frames at once meaning the upper half of the screen will show the previous frame while the lower will show the current frame . 
  the result is that if you are moving the camera horizontally you see a line where the frames do n't match . 
  this is what the vsync option does - forces the machine to wait out the whole frame to sync with the monitor and if your monitor is 60hz this caps the fps at 60 . 
  can you explain how dpi is different ? 
  i can not understand how it differs from speed but i know it has to be different . 
  if i make a movement smaller than the dpi size would n't that movement disappear the same way a pixel disappears because of speed settings ? 
  yes but then if i move the mouse half a dot would n't this movement be skipped just like the software would round it down ? 
  i get your irony but they are just outlines . 
  there is no color inside this outline . 
  i can not understand how anyone thinks it is acceptable . 
  so according to moore 's law and your own estimate of `` 3-4 years '' webgl is about 5 times worse than non-web tech . 
  i find it strange that people find this acceptable especially for games . 
  normally i am quick to label these kinds of efforts as doomed but this is anders ( hallowed be his name ) so maybe this one has a chance . 
  so what ? 
  if only ms developers use it it will still be useful and strengthen their ecosystem and developer tools . 
  on the other hand dart-style language loses if it is not adopted because it aims for native implementations in the browsers and has much more overhead ( library size , harder to debug ) than typescript when compiled to js . 
  javascript will fight back . 
  the only way to beat javascript is join it . 
  sad but true . 
  until the web tech is replaced by something else we 'll have to deal with it . 
  silverlight is entirely different because it requires implementation on the client and typescript does not . 
  you 'd never know if a developer used typescript to develop the web app the same way that you do n't care they used asp.net on the server . 
  any linux user had any problems with stack overflow ? 
  and btw i love silverlight and i think xaml win8 apps ( which are essentially silverlight ) will be better ( faster , less bugs ) than html/js ones . 
  i guess you did n't watch/read anything about typescript . 
  so developers will stop using it or fork it . 
  dart compiles to js but it adds its own libraries and the compiled js code is much more different from the dart source code than typescript is . 
  also any valid js is valid typescript which is not the case with dart . 
  if you write a library and compile it ot js you should be able to use it from typescript the same way we use minified jquery, 
  you may prefer it and i prefer it too .
