  if the poll includes a list of candidates sort it by expected support . 
  the 2way think is borderline useless . 
  johnson will take several percent no matter what so why make your poll inaccurate by excluding him ? 
  where do i download the release of angular2 ? 
  it says right there on the page it is a release candidate . 
  i 'd order them like this :, 
  sc - zerg, 
  i agree with you but i have to point out that the actual gameplay of the zerg in hots gives the most zergy feel of all zerg campaigns . 
  mechanics like respawning lings , mini roaches spawning from attacks , allies attacking endlessly , instant overloads , etc. 
  put a lot of units on the map and give the feeling of a zerg invasion like the ones we see in cut scenes and videos . 
  that jaw-drop moment when that chrysalis finally hatched ... 
   awaken my child and embrace the glory that is your birthright ... 
  i was mocking the claim in the article that angular 2 has been released . 
  hots is definitely the crappiest story of all starcraft . 
  lotv is also bad but not as bad . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   johnson set state and national records for his use of veto and line-item veto powers : estimated to have been more than the other 49 contemporary governors combined , which gained him the nicknames `` veto johnson '' and `` governor veto '' . 
  sounds pretty serious to me . 
  not that you can prove intentions in politics . 
  also note that even if he does n't win by voting for him you are expressing disagreement with the establishment which matters . 
  i find it super annoying that it is so hard to tell which wall is tight . 
  even pros ca n't tell sometime ( specifically the attacking zerg ) . 
  apparently nobody else cares . 
  i know that walling in sc1 was worse but i still do n't see why there should be unobvious walling . 
  i agree but i have to say that i clearly prefer heart attack to cancer ( i.e. 
  i prefer trump ) . 
  so now we can see even more people begging for wins because they are close to promotions . 
  it is simple . 
  await blocks your method but does not block the thread . 
  depending on the context in which your method is executing this means that the thread is free to serve other requests ( asp.net ) or the thread is free to process ui events and repaint the ui ( desktop applications ), 
  some people are excited for cross platform support , some for full open source , some for performance benefits . 
  i personally am not excited at all . 
  never cared about the first two and performance is good enough even now . 
  i do n't understand why you are downvoted . 
  i came to the same conclusion . 
  i will not blame them for calling it `` release '' but i certainly do n't see myself using it before q2 2017 release . 
  i wish the title was more along the lines of `` if you depend on react you effectively ( and implicitly ) give facebook a license to all of your patents '' . 
  it would be as dramatic as the current one but also factually correct as opposed to made up . 
  which type of carry is considered more dangerous and why ? 
  all these problems easily brute forced due to the small input size , 
  brute force - the a-moving of computer science . 
  i see . 
  i always thought that the open vs concealed carry debate was based on some people being scared from guns or something so you are required to hide your weapon . 
  turns out the reason is quite different . 
  most starcraft players are lovely people . 
  oh ... then i have more questions ( not an american and sadly we do n't have a reason to have these debates here because guns are banned ) . 
  open carry means people can feel threatened so i guess this favors concealed carry . 
  on the other hand open carry means that you can see which person has a weapon so you get more information and can make a decision about your safety if you are scared by guns . 
  so there seems to be arguments that each way is preferable to people who are against guns to the other . 
  however i get a feeling that anti-gun people hate open carry more . 
  am i right ? 
  i never understood why they did n't jump to python 3 right away . 
  they invested so much in improving their 2 . x compatibility in a time when python 3 already existed and nobody cared about this compatibility because nobody had big investment in ironpython at the time . 
  for some reason they combined the negative sides of greenfield development with the negative sides of legacy code maintainance with non of the benefits . 
  you 'll be happy to know that the next version of visual studio will mostly fix that . 
  apparently there are enough people like you for whom this is an issue . 
  why the hell would you link hacker news instead of the blogpost ? 
  i think i 'd beat you even if i posted later with a proper link , 
  wo n't post about dart . 
  let the dartians post it . 
  i 'm in the typescript camp , 
  and this is why they will keep developing the javascript version of angular 2, 
  so how does a regex improve the performance over trim ( char [ ] ) ? 
  i do n't understand why they would need so much time to create 3 missions . 
  quality and all is fine but 4 months for 3 missions for a game that is already built and has a fully functional and tested editor ? 
  i decided to play all the missions together . 
  lets see if i can hold out till december , 
  i am just looking at how they can do about 25 missions for 2 years for the expansions so like 1 per month while also creating the rest of the expansion content . 
  on the other hand you are right - i forgot about the translations . 
  they ca n't be done in parallel, 
  i once googled a problem and found my own answer to my own question i 'd forgot i 'd asked/answered . 
  it seems that i was building a project with similar architecture to a previous one and hit the same issue 3 years later . 
  unlike other internet points the ones from so look good in your cv and may help you negotiate higher salary . 
  sure and amassing so points for the cv is not a good strategy . 
  i am just pointing out that so points are not as useless as say reddit points, 
  spoiler alert :, 
  narud is duran spelled backwards !, 
  stream link ? 
  what is the state of dart tooling compared to typescript ? 
  i 'd expect that the dart team puts comparable effort in the tooling but the author seems to think otherwise . 
   so is the strategy just that many people on projects today are stuck with angular 1 and that angular 2 is for greenfield ? 
  pretty much how i see it . 
  btw i still intend to skip learning angular 1 . 
  i think i must hold the line just 1-2 years more and i 'll be good , 
  yes . 
  renaming files . 
  if someone wants to use . net for windows only then it is reasonable to assume that they might be happy with python for windows only . 
  if i recall correctly the use cases for ironpython involved things like unit testing - i.e. 
  small parts of larger projects . 
  lesson 1 - if you are using an orm do not use the repository pattern . 
  they can do something in the middle . 
  for example small teams like 2 vs 2 focused game and very few classes ( say 5 ) . 
  maybe it is possible to have something that feels like quake but is also class-based and team-based . 
  if you are using ef you are not talking directly to the database . 
  you are talking to the dbcontext and the dbsets the latter being a repository themselves . 
  or bool ? 
  ( nullable bool ), 
  maybe they can correlate the clicks with so reputation to see if high-reputation clicks increase . 
  if you are able to save  although it seems that saving is something that some people can do and others ca n't regardless of income . 
  their base salary is relatively high but they probably wo n't hire people with very little experience,
