  for a tech company it is a better choice than surviving . 
  android did not provide anything more than survival . 
  it is not obvious that nokia executives did not pick well . 
  to know that we would have to turn back time and see nokia perform very well with android . 
  seeing that none of the android phone vendors but samsung is performing well it is hard to know that nokia would have made it . 
  in addition they now have a safety net . 
  if things start going really bad ms will buy them for a reasonable sum of money . 
  much more than what anyone would spend for a falling android vendor . 
  on the other hand i can not argue against sticking with meego . 
  monotouch is popular and good but i can assure you that much more . net devs are developing for wp instead of developing for other platforms using monotouch . 
  i can not really say why this is the case . 
  probably we . net devs just love ms telling us what to do or maybe it is the tools ... who knows . 
  i have 2 apps in the wp marketplace and while monotouch/droid is on my list i have not even installed it on a personal machine yet . 
  i base my claim of the dev/user ration on the fact that android has so many users that it is virtually impossible to have large ratio even if all devs in the world were working as android devs . 
  ios is similar and in addition you need a mac to develop . 
  wp has very few users so that makes the ratio larger . 
  in addition i only know one person who owns a wp and is not a dev . 
  of course not every dev owning a wp works on apps but the ratio is certainly much better than other major platforms . 
  note that all this does not speak well for the platform . 
  it just says that dev support is not wp 's problem . 
  but this does not answer the question . 
  why does this os exist if phonegap is already doing this on oss that are already out there and have a lot of users ? 
  but html/js pretty much works everywhere . 
  much more so than anything else . 
  also ios and android are kings in the mobile market which firefox os aims at . 
  i believe the industry is already shifting towards in-app purchases anyway . 
  you may but most people wo n't . 
  the assumption is that the use will go out of his way just to boost the numbers . 
  however i am sure this will not help anyway . 
  businesses only care about users who vote with their wallets . 
  make a company that makes a linux port rich and others will support linux . 
  simple as that . 
  only pay for indie games and you will only get indie games . 
  noble goal but why should developers care right now ? 
  devs develop software to make money and firefox os does not promise money . 
  it promises open apis . 
  the investment in phonegap makes much more sense . 
  firefox and chrome exist because google ( in both cases it is google ) are happy to spend money to make sure they do n't depend on microsoft 's software . 
  they want to have a leverage to push this software in different directions . 
  why does firefox os exist again and who will pay for it ? 
  my point is that android is a terrible os for oems since samsung executed perfectly and owned everyone . 
  they closed the time window . 
  when nokia switched to wp samsung were already owning everyone in the android space . 
  i do n't believe at that time android made any sense for anyone but samsung and i do n't think it will make sense from now on . 
  of course you may disagree on that but for me samsung has won the android . 
  it is their operating system now and google 's android division are just samsung 's software division . 
  of course you may disagree . 
  if nokia lost anyway then wp seems as good as any other choice . 
  the number of apps is smaller on wp than android and ios but it is not possible to have more apps without users . 
  this is not lack of dev support this is lack of user support . 
  your comments about monotouch suggest that you have wrong idea about the number of apps in the stores . 
  wp marketplace has more than 130k apps . 
  ios has 800k and android has like 600k . 
  i am 100 % sure that less than 1 in 10 apps on ios and android are developed in monotouch . 
  it is more like 1/100 . 
  this reminds me of the much more obvious fact that the ratio of apps to users is the higher on wp than on competing platforms , 
  of course we do n't know what the future holds but i would n't hold my breath for the linux gaming revolution . 
  many of the linux users i know are opposed to paying for software . 
  half from the other half think that big companies like activision/blizzard and ea are evil and only indie devs deserve money . 
  i do n't think the rest are enough to turn the tide . 
  valve 's steambox may help but publishers may still ignore desktop linux and release only for the console . 
  as carmack himself pointed out they can have rage running on linux for a small amount of money but the publisher wo n't publish it anyway . 
  i guess it is not the technical costs that makes publishing on linux unprofitable . 
  and all this assumes that the steambox will sell a lot of consoles which is not guaranteed by any means . 
  there is no lack of competition in the mobile space . 
  we seem to disagree on the power that samsung commands . 
  they are huge . 
  very huge . 
  they were huge even before the smartphone wars . 
  i believe there is no other company that can afford to spend so much on r&d , has so cheap production ( because of scale ) and has so large marketing budget . 
  in my opinion you can not compete with samsung with android . 
  no one is that big . 
  do you honestly think more than 1/10 ios/android apps are developed with mono ? 
  it is simply unimaginable for me although i have not checked for actual stats . 
  i am pointing out the ratio of apps to users as a proof that there is developer support . 
  developers created some apps , no users came to use them so they did n't create more . 
  btw as a user i do n't feel lack of apps on wp . 
  instagram is the only major app missing . 
  at some point the number of apps should matter any more . 
  how is android getting more users if it has less apps than ios ? 
  why is n't wp getting the proportional amount of users for the number of apps it has ? 
  honestly i am not sure about meego . 
  i do n't know much about it either . 
  i only have strong opinion about them going android . 
  right . 
  people like microsoft and blackberry ? 
  also there is ubuntu os ... 
  please provide a link to where phonegap is mentioned . 
  i still do n't see how firefox os will fix your ios and android problems . 
  being big is a great advantage . 
  as i already pointed out you can reduce costs due to scale and invest in r&d . for example samsung can spread the cost of display r&d not only across all the phones they sell but also tvs and monitors . 
  as a result they can sell cheaper ( scale ) and better ( more r&d ) devices . 
  i personally think that in the future there will be only 2 smartphone vendors - apple and samsung . 
  microsoft and nokia may be able to make it and continue to exist in the space but i doubt it . 
  unless some drastic change occurs i do n't see how these 2 can be beaten . 
  however if i were forced to compete with them i would try something radically different ... like an os with completely different ui for example . 
  . net devs are the only devs who care about the platform but you know there are a lot of them . 
  much more than ios devs for example . 
  of course there is a limit to how much they would develop if they are the only users of the platform  you are correct about being late . 
  everyone is late and there is no need for more than 2 mobile oss .
