  in fact i am aware of attempts of the opposite - fischer 's random chess . 
  also i would take memorization over sc2 mechanics any day . 
  of course i want the game to be more fun for me . 
  is n't that what everyone wants ? 
  while my ( subjectively ) bad micro may be a reason why i want the game to be easier that does not explain why as a viewer i enjoy small maps , cheese , base trades and generally odd strategies much more than the most impressive `` nice macro game '', 
  well then i have to say this :, 
  rob pike can give advice about programming when he fixes the obvious glaring hole in his language . 
  ie is updated via windows update for quite a long time and they recently pushed the severity of this update much higher . 
  people who use older versions explicitly block the updates . 
  ie is really the best browser for touch on windows . 
  if you have a windows machine with touch you should really try it . 
  now obviously windows machines with touch are in general the new ultrabooks and convertibles and not many people bought them but those who did usually love them . 
  note that i am not talking about metro mode ie ( although it is true for it as well ) but very regular desktop ie . 
  things like scrolling and zooming with touch are very smooth and satisfying . 
  the only thing on windows that comes close is chrome . 
  firefox and opera are just tragic . 
  i think they treat touch as a mouse . 
  chrome is relatively good but ie is obviously better with more natural `` physics '' and things like rubber bands . 
  i think i will never buy a portable ( ultrabook/laptop ) device without touch again and i think the main reason is ie . 
  also apple are lying to you - macbook air will be much better with touch if they just admit it and implement it . 
  hell no !, 
  any other questions ? 
  they first need to handle problems solved by mainstream languages of the past century before venturing into the current one . 
  on reddit we have agreed to call it `` monadic null chaining operator '' . 
  please follow the convention . 
  did this comment which is in general sound get downvoted because of the way the author spelled microsoft ? 
  i have sent a pm, 
  that 's your opinion , 
  it says monadic which means something like a monad or even `` something that we will call monadic to sound geeky '' . 
  this was how the person who wrote the first blogpoat about c # 6 called it, 
  i find it absurd that the information on possible spawns is not readily available for example on the loading screen . 
  i do n't tell my race , period . 
  in a tournament i would n't tell my race so why tell it on the ladder ? 
  this is a joke damn it !, 
  i am too lazy to open his channel and check videos so i will just ask here . 
  how does one become wider-audience youtube figure ? 
  i clicked on the link and some video about grumpy cat cake started playing . 
  who the hell watches this shit ? 
  i am with bly . 
  macro is boring cheese is exciting . 
  i would pay triple ticket price to get gsl on the wol launch maps instead of the current maps . 
  but this means that there are people who watch nerdy baking and who watch someone play games even though they do n't care about the game ... that 's so strange . 
  i even loved the 12 drones rush on steppes of war . 
  got me watching on my toes every time . 
  wait !, 
  it was n't available on windows up to now ? 
  i thought html and js was supposed to be portable ... 
  and this my friends is exactly how i remember things . 
  just one thing i want to add, 
  ** team games ** - back in the day nobody would laugh at you for attempting to play serious 2 vs 2 . 
  in fact i think i have more 2 vs 2 games in the 12 years i played starcraft than 1 vs 1 games . 
  in fact up until 2001 ( i.e. 
  3 years ) the local scene in my country was 2 vs 2 focused . 
  everyone was playing 2 vs 2 , tournaments were 2 vs 2 and in general 2 vs 2 was considered the default format for starcraft . 
  somehow we got to a situation where people would laugh at you for just being willing to watch a 2 vs 2 tournament where players play for actual money because supposedly the game is not balanced for 2 vs 2 and there is no skill and so on . 
  this closely relates to the other reason dota clones are more popular - they are team games . 
  people want to play with their friends and they want to share the responsibility for losing the game because it is not as depressing as losing alone . 
  starcraft was not the most popular esports for quite some time before starcraft ii . 
  counter-strike was , and then dota was also more popular . 
  the only reason sc was insanely popular in the late 90s and managed to carry that glory into the 2000s was that the internet could not handle games with 10 players . 
  once it was able to do so cs became more popular . 
  in fact if i was a company trying to make the next big thing in the rts genre i would focus on a competitive game that defaults and is balanced for 3 vs 3, 
  yes , sc2 is more complicated in the sense that there are more units and abilities . 
  i have played quite a lot of brood war and introduced many people to both games . 
  explaining how things work in brood war is definitely easier . 
  now you may claim that on a competitive level brood war is strategically or tactically more complex and that may be true but this is quite different from the complexity of the game mechanics a new player must learn . 
  brood war was always far more popular than both red alert and age of empires where i live and i am under the impression that this was the case in most of the world . 
  red alert 2 and age of empires were popular for a year or two before being replaced by the next fashion . 
  the notable exception is age of empires 2 which had multiple years of competitive play . 
  to support my claim i present the wcg games list over the years - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_cyber_games#world_cyber_game_tournaments - no red alert and while the rts genre is always present the games are rarely present for 2 years . 
  blizzard should really take into account the 1 vs 1 rating of players for new 2 vs 2 teams . 
  there is no reason the 2 vs 2 thing should happen it is just bad matchmaking . 
  of course if you played enough it would be trained and match you accordingly but still ... 
  what is the difference between sse and long polling conceptually ? 
  i get that sse has special headers and all and long polling is just regular ajax but what is the conceptual difference ? 
  so how do we compare actual popularity then ? 
  i mean my personal impression as a person who spent like a decade in internet cafes was that people cared about ra for a very short time . 
  also while i see why we are discussing it as the op insists that ums is very important do we really want to make sc popular but non-competitive game ? 
  that seems to be quite subjective although i guess great popularity in china can easily tilt the world statistics in favor of red alert , 
  no , you should have got it on launch . 
  after all this is starcraft . 
  on the other hand assuming that you do not have a way to get back in time now is the best moment to get into starcraft . 
  now there is the question what do you want to get sc2 for . 
  if you want to play the campaign then go ahead buy it , you wo n't regret it . 
  i would not say it is the best campaign ever but it is probably in the top 5 of the genre of all time . 
  if you want to get into playing competitively it is not a bad time per se but i hope you can take losses . 
  the game is quite developed and most casual players have moved to other games . 
  you will be beaten a lot before you catch up to today 's standards of playing . 
  that 's not necessary a bad thing . 
  i consider the fact that i learned how to lose and not blame it on others the second most important thing i got from playing starcraft for 16 years after the friends and contacts i created through the game . 
  i suggest that this is done only for the placement matches . 
  ok then i must ask what is the difference with web sockets ? 
  sse are one direction only ? 
  i am 100 percent sure that wow is harder to learn and hard on spectators . 
  of course this is not a good thing . 
  a good game is easy to learn and hard to master . 
  brood war is such a game . 
  starcraft 2 is still easy to learn but harder than brood war, 
  i see . 
  honestly between long polling and web sockets sse seems dead in the water to me , not having meaningful use case not covered by the others .
