  btw i was impressed how the left one used his hands . 
  we are prepared to laugh for every single one of them if the internet calls for it !, 
  i prefer to pay for the content , thank you . 
  there was some other reason i stopped paying for mlg . 
  i think their player worked poorly and then they made twitch streams free at a point where i would pay to not use their player . 
  support also told me not to use ie and i told them to fuck off although at this point i had already tried opera and it sucked too . 
  we discussed that two days ago although i still wonder why it did n't get the attention it deserves . 
  bigger news is probably that scala loses badly even though it runs on the jvm . 
  it speaks of the investment in the jvm and the benefits of the way they compile lambdas to invokedynamic . 
  the clr does not have this instruction ( and many other optimizations that the jvm has ) and scala was created before the instruction was added to the jvm . 
  what would be the idiomatic scala code for the code in this paper ? 
  delegates are nothing like invokedynamic . 
  you are correct i have not benchmarked myself but there is a benchmark pdf linked in this thread that clearly shows the jvm smoking the clr . 
  also java lambdas were created after the instruction was added . 
  i hope someone posts the results without view here . 
  seems like it was n't much of an improvement . 
  btw it sucks that they tested parallel performance on a machine with only 2 cores . 
  people are testing it and while it improves parallel performance somewhat it seems to have similar or even worse sequential performance . 
  you seem to be new to scala , are n't you ? 
  feel free to respond . 
  i wo n't even downvote , 
  maybe they do n't know what off site backup means , 
  it would be interesting to see the results without boxing . 
  see what you did ? 
  now the guy wo n't enlighten us with his understanding . 
  i swear i would never click on a link to quora if i was n't taking such a pleasure in putting display : none on their popup that prompts me to login . 
  i then even read the answers just to defeat the system . 
  i disagree . 
  performance is almost impossible to grasp unless you test . 
  what does `` to be on gear '' mean ? 
  oh ... you just broke it for me :(, 
  i am not saying it does n't work . 
  i am saying i do n't feel like i have hacked their bullshit site :(, 
  this is how i always saw crytek . 
  i tried playing far cry , then crysis and was so bored . 
  never tried any other game they released after that . 
  i hope the rumors are not true though , i have a lot of friends who work for their bulgarian studio . 
  `` how does it feel to play against such a great audience ? '', 
  well i guess it is fun for the people who participate . 
  you go there , lose to a famous korean , shake hands with him , take pictures with the other players and have something to remember for the rest of your life . 
  assuming the guy got rich off of bitcoin it would be smart ot diversify and keep some of his assets in other currencies and also other property . 
  compulsory military service sucks ( i have been there ) and has been proven ineffective in the modern age of tech weapons but you are being too dramatic . 
  after all if your beliefs are not to shoot at the enemy you are free to go to prison ( or in most countries do an alternative civil service that is longer ), 
  well , even if there is no compulsory military service the government does take your money ( taxes ) to pay people who shoot whoever they decided is an enemy even if you disagree . 
  not a big moral difference if you ask me . 
  in either case you are forced to help something you disagree with . 
  you can be some kind of anarchist or libertarian and disagree with the concept of a state as it currently stands but you ca n't single out compulsory military service because it does n't make sense . 
  btw i think that almost every country in the world has the option to draft its citizens in the army if the government sees fit ( i.e. 
  in a state of war ) so basically all countries do what you complain from . 
  i disagree . 
  i have yet to find a place where i can get more useful answer or contribute in more meaningful way . 
  while the quality of questions and the amount/speed of answers i get has dropped i attribute this to the fact that many meaningful questions are already asked and people just find them . 
  this in turn leaves low quality questions which puts off people who are able to provide quality answers . 
  i think the fact that i get more reputation from my old answers than my current activity supports that . 
  also i do n't believe that you program without so these days . 
  i agree . 
  what is more the fact that it is allowed in some tournaments is not enough . 
  it should be allowed in wcs so players can include it in their preparation without fear that it may be worthless in the most important tournament . 
  yes , c # and also javascript . 
  so you say that there is low quality for the c++ questions and answers ? 
  interesting how the same qa system can be useful for one tech and bad for another . 
  after searching for an answer with google the so answers are most often the best ones . 
  i find it hard to believe that it can be much different for other people . 
  if you want to get points from the easy questions you have to be fast because everyone can answer those . 
  there is a niche for answering hard questions . 
  also easy questions tend to be closed as duplicates . 
  if someone has a high so reputation he is surely quite good but if he has low reputation that does not mean he is not an expert . 
  on the other hand if you look at his questions and answers that 's pretty good indication . 
  probably better than the person 's personal blog . 
  keep in mind that the article says that age groups with less than 100 people in them are excluded . 
  combine that with the option not to list age and that can explain why older people are missing . 
  i thought i said the opposite . 
  on the other hand as a dev you 'd better provide some proof of expertise because lack of knowledge is assumed in the absence of proof of the contrary . 
  i mean it is not like a degree and a cv are worth anything when filtering candidates these days . 
  you are right and this is reflected clearly in the guidelines for the types of questions stack overflow accepts - http://stackoverflow.com/help/on-topic, 
  i love this part :, 
   developers tell us that they are not sure how to start app development on the web , with so many different tools and templates that they need to download from a variety of different sources . 
  so they created another one . 
  i leave it to you to find the relevant xkcd , 
  i love how their generic method example makes zero use of generics . 
  one could just remove the generic and replace it with object . 
  as others pointed their threading example is flawed as well . 
  and finally the raging debate over checked exceptions exists only in java . 
  the rest of the world accepted that they are a bad idea . 
  what is more even in java circles they seem to be losing . 
  this is . net sdk . 
  i do n't think . net devs are concerned with ms 's history . 
  i wanted to use it on several occasions in the past years but it was just my latest project ( i literally worked with it today ) that i had the chance to use it . 
  in all previous instances it was not acceptable to not support . doc and xls but time passes and now everyone has office 2007 or newer so you can drop support for the old formats and support only ooxml . 
  the years of office.interop pain are finally over !, 
  i do n't think we have any problem with it , 
  you are completely confused about what my problems are . 
  i do n't care about inter-op issues . 
  the requirements for the projects i work on are to export or import documents generated with office . 
  well i believe this library handles all three does n't it ? 
  also usually cases are pretty simple and i doubt i would run into interoperability issues . 
  if i do i guess it is back to communicating with office via com . 
  my understanding is that it is nit of any concern for the things i do . 
  let alone that the alternatives are so much harder to implement . 
  odf is not an option and even if it was is there a good . net library for reading and writing it ?
