  we 're doing pretty well with the percentage of women developers - https://blog.hackerrank.com/which-countries-have-the-most-skilled-female-developers/, 
  i do n't have a problem with this either . 
  in fact my original claim was that there is no problem , 
  do you have evidence to suggest 16.5 % is not pretty well ? 
  i mean we 're placed 7th and also above the world average . 
  do you have evidence that 16 % is not the optimal amount of women in it ? 
  yes . 
  considering that most women just do n't want to play with computers just like men do n't want to become kindergarten teachers and i am quite fine with 0 % male kindergarten teachers . 
  i 'd buy unless it is insanely expensive . 
  however i am worried there may not be anything to buy :(, 
  anyone else driven crazy by the public fields in the code at the end ? 
  anyone from valencia willing to give advice on transport . 
  i will be on a pretty tight schedule when i arrive ( plane lands at 8:40 and tournament starts at 11:00 ) . 
  what is the best way to get there ? 
  taxi ? 
  do i need to reserve in advance ? 
  great !, 
  do i just catch any taxi or i should look for some specific taxi companies ( here in bulgaria if you just catch a taxi from the airport they will charge you like 10 times the normal fee ) ? 
  why is it so problematic that a crypto was premined as long as the proper incentives are in place to secure the chain after launch ? 
  is any of the discussed coins here ( btc , monero , eth ) proof of stake ? 
  much more often than they release campaign content :(, 
  blizzard should seriously consider a rts where the competitive game mode is either 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 . 
  it is obvious team games get more players and in addition the niche for small team games is underserved at least by the big e-sports titles . 
  2 vs 2 was n't a total joke in any blizzard rts, 
  i do n't see any reason for that to be the case . 
  also team games compensate for slight imbalances by introducing team play ( i.e. 
  one more element to be good at ) . 
  first of all my experience with competitive 2 vs 2 in sc1 , sc2 and warcraft iii disagrees . 
  2 vs 2 is just fine in all these games it is just neglected . 
  communities tend to focus on a single game mode so other game modes tend to be treated as a joke . 
  also even if this is a problem with the rtss today none of them was balanced for team games as the main competitive mode . 
  what is it in an rts that makes team games volatile and random ? 
  i love 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 in sc1 , sc2 and warcraft iii . 
  however i only play with arranged teams . 
  i do n't think i have a single random team game in sc2 for all these years . 
  so yeah , i understand your pain but when the game is with small teams you can play with friends . 
  archon mode sucks and this is known from the time it was called team melee . 
  people want to control their own base not share control and fight over who does what or have one player a driver and the other controlling a single drop . 
  the interesting thing about team games is that you do n't need all matchups to be balanced . 
  remember that the amount of possible combinations is much higher than the combinations from just 3 races . 
  it is perfectly ok if a certain combo is not played because it is weak as long as there is no one or two dominating combos . 
  in addition if the game is balanced for 2 vs 2 these balanced can be fixed for example by introducing combo mechanics that only work with specific race combinations and buffing and nerfing these . 
  so you suggest that there are two combos that are evenly matched ? 
   in a game that is n't even trying to balance for 2 vs 2 . 
  imagine if they tried !, 
  also i think z will become better if less maps had shared spawn locations . 
  this is an imbalance that can be fixed purely by tweaking maps . 
  if totally split locations favor zerg and totally shared locations favor non-zerg then there exists some middle distance value where z will be balanced . 
  this is not that different from 1 vs 1 if you think about it . 
  free ladder in sc2 is a hard problem because of hacks . 
  you are right !, 
  starcraft is quake at its core because these are the two greatest games in history and i ca n't decide which one i love more , 
  the daed gaem meme does not make sense because if you define it in a way that makes it true then it should really be `` daed gaem genre '', 
  hearthstone is an outlier really and it is a game of cards . 
  i do n't think people care that much that the game is n't balanced about 2 vs 2 . 
  what they care about is that, 
  - when they tune in to twitch those guys are not playing 2 vs 2 , they are playing 1 vs 1 . 
  - the community is making fun of people playing team games and actively disrespects any suggestion that there should be 2 vs 2 tournaments or that 2 vs 2 players should be respected . 
  hell , they play team games `` showmatches '' in tournaments and people are just goofing around , making stupid units and chatting all the time . 
  is there any evidence that any significant number of sc2 players are switching to dota2 . 
  i mean if sc2 suddenly stopped working tomorrow or i am the only person in the world willing to play it dota and its clones are the last games i 'd switch to . 
  i find it hard to believe that most sc2 players will have such a love for dota as opposed to other competitive games . 
  man ... dota2 is anything but easy to learn . 
  i agree with the `` harder '' sentiment but it is not like blizzard were the only company in the rts genre . 
  rts is declining for more than a decade . 
  you have to put something on the line i guess , prime ladder or anything . 
  they have chosen that this thing will be the price of the game . 
   they are n't playing 2s because the game is n't balanced around 2s . 
  first of all it is impossible to have 0 balanced matchups in 2 vs 2 . 
  i mean even if only one combo is the strongest ( and i 'd argue that this is not the case ) you 'd still have 1 balanced mirror matchup . 
  people are playing 2 vs 2 they are just doing it secretly . 
  sc2 loses nothing from respecting the game mode and loses a lot from not respecting it . 
  i mean why not have a gm for team games ? 
  they even made one for archon mode a.k.a. 
  the most bullshit mode that we know is bullshit since brood war when it was called `` team melee '' . 
  also note that in dota the problem is not that 1 vs 1 is not balanced but that it is boring . 
  in sc2 nobody argues that 2 vs 2 is boring they argue that a certain combo is op ( interestingly people who claim that rarely disagree on the precise combo that is op ) . 
  the fact is that people are playing 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 but still they are considered casuals and not serious players like the 1 vs 1 players . 
  i do n't know about that , i do n't think i know a single person who switched from sc2 to dota either online or in real life . 
  i know some who switched to heroes of the storm though . 
  maybe we move in different subcommunities, 
  how is dota2 easier to learn than sc2 ? 
  it has more than a 100 heroes with 4 skills each and a bunch of items that you can buy and combine . 
  in addition a game lasts an hour which makes it harder to try more heroes . 
  this is the opposite of easy to learn . 
  what is more it has fantasy settings and you ca n't infer from the look of the unit what it does . 
  sc2 is far worse than sc1 in that respect but still better than dota, 
  company of heroes had insane potential but they refused to push into the competitive scene and chose to dig into the ww2 niche . 
  but `` mechanics '' are not what `` easy to learn '' refers to . 
  easy to learn refers to learning how the game works ( i.e. 
  what the skills do and so on ) . 
  as far as i know coh is more in line with warhammer dow ( i have never played warhammer dow game ) dune & c&c are a specific style of rts and * craft rtss are another flavor . 
  coh is different from both in a very interesting way . 
  it focuses on micro rather than resource collection and macro ( still present but not as important ) but the micro is very tactical in nature . 
  unlike warcraft iii which is also micro-focused game in coh the tactical interactions are not so much between units but more about controlling positions . 
  the game features very hard counters . 
  for example riflemen do literally 0 damage to tanks and no amount of micro will let you defeat a tank with riflemen . 
  so you control positions with machine gunners , snipers , tank and anti-tank artillery and slowly push the opponent out of a position but it is also possible to do a runby style attacks and so on . 
  to demonstrate how different micro was some of the best players did not use control groups . 
  you had to look at the location where you deploy your units anyway so you could just select them on the spot .
