  i thought php5 was adopted in like 2 years ? 
  i use default key bindings . 
  between full time job , a baby and other interests no time to research and experiment with other key bindings . 
  good thing is unlike sc1 not many hotkeys are on the right, 
  i group production on one hotkey . 
  i group marines , medivacs , tanks on one group and air on another as terran ( used to group tanks separately but since you can move them unsieged i do n't do that in wol ) . 
  for protoss 1 melee attackers , 2 ranged attackers , 3 templars and/or disruptors . 
  trying to figure out where disruptors should sit ... , for zerg usually group on flyers and land army but also banelings and lurkers are separate if present . 
  terran advantage for me seems to be versatile forms of cheese . 
  liberators , hellbat drops , mass reapers , various proxies . 
  i think if someone has above 200 ( real time ) apm terran becomes very strong cause marines are imba if you have the apm to control them but i ca n't talk much about this since i do n't have this apm . 
  was n't the problem with perl 6 that it was n't actually released ? 
  also i agree that other languages fell into the same trap but did anyone have it as bad as python ? 
  what i meant is was there any case where migration was so slow ? 
  it seems like with all these languages people kind of dealt with it and moved on . 
  with python it will be a decade before python 3 even overtakes python 2 . 
  did ms try to get you fired ? 
  do we know how the key leaked ? 
  so psn will be down for 3 days and xbox live will be down for 30 minutes like the last time ? 
  are the numbers of existing and accessible coins real estimation or just example numbers ? 
  i just hope dreamhack still hosts open tournaments so i can play in them . 
  btw this system is absurdly complicated . 
  i think it would be better to make the place a standings one rather than give it to the runner up but who knows . 
  archon promotion by blizzard with actual things at stake . 
  2 vs 2 always ignored and actively made fun of with no stakes showmatches where players were just fooling around :(, 
  yeah because 2 vs 2 is supposedly unbalanced ( which we are not even sure of because we never had pros invest time in 2 vs 2 ) we should make fun of it and actively stomp it by turning it into a joke . 
  the good thing about 2 vs 2 is that you do n't really need all combos to be balanced . 
  people will just avoid the weak combos . 
  nobody cares if all champions combos in dotas are balanced . 
  also if blizzard really wanted to fix 2 vs 2 balance they could easily do it by introducing combo mechanics that only work in a team and use these to balance any 1 vs 1 balance chances that would bring imbalances into 2 vs 2, 
  why would we have pros invest in two different game modes ( i disagree with `` completely '' ) ? 
  because we want more diverse game and we want to attract people who are interested in team games who as we see are the majority of people who play games out there . 
  i just want to say that i love it when attacks have no bonus damage . 
  it is a sign of good game design if it is immediately obvious why one unit counters another without reading the stats . 
  for example it is obvious why colossus is good against marines without any bonus damage, 
  except that it is super frustrating and/or boring as we already knew from playing team melee in brood war . 
  no please and not because it is bad balance but because countless exceptions to the rules are shitty , confusing to non-playing viewers and new players . 
  totally not obvious and should be tested . 
  disruptors are still powerful . 
  it is not like you can lose most of your shields and health on your units and still win after you swallow that disruptor shot . 
  100 % support this . 
  i go turtle mech although it is not as good in lotv due to parasitic bomb . 
  sometimes zergs try to use the same ultra/ling/infestor they are used to against the mech . 
  thors + hellbats + a few tanks ruin ultra/ling so hard even without the liberators participating . 
  ideally yes . 
  also no heal and health change for hellbats , no different damage for ground and air for tempest , etc. 
  now i do n't know how this would be balanced but that 's another discussion . 
  let 's not make units more like liberators and think what to do later when it is too late . 
  i do n't see significant difference between the archon tournaments and the 1 vs 1 tournaments . 
  the differences in strategies are cosmetic . 
  now that 2 vs 2 tournament we had several months ago was great with almost no production and just a small amount of money on the line . 
  sounds like the procedure is relatively safe for the donor so while it sounds scary pure vulcan logic says you should definitely do it . 
  according to a link above your liver would be partially gone only temporarily . 
  how old was your mother ? 
  chances are younger bodies recover quicker . 
  i thought ren was something like darth . 
  i doubt she is a skywalker . 
  none of the other characters seemed to know anything about her and certainly leia and solo would know something about another skywalker . 
  so knights of ren are something like an alternative to the sith ? 
  i do n't get the idea of strippers really . 
  now hooker 's i am all for that but what 's the fun of having naked women around if you are not allowed to do them ? 
  maybe from my post it looks like i suggest boycotting sponsors or demanding twitch bans hsc but i really did not make anything like this or any other form of big deal . 
  is n't evo just once an year and other events get fewer viewers ? 
  i tend to watch evo but the rest of the time i just watch starcraft . 
  probably players from smaller titles get paid less than jd . 
  i know a lot of people who only play team games . 
  they have been doing so since sc1 . 
  they do n't watch starcraft because there are no team games tournaments and this is why sc2 is a daed gaem . 
  sorry that you ca n't handle the truth . 
  see it works both ways !, 
  first of all 2 vs 2 does n't need to be balanced the same way champions in dotas and even fighters in fighting games do not need to be balanced . 
  second 2 vs 2 is just fine and super fun as clearly seen by the very few 2 vs 2 tournaments we had . 
  finally there is no problem in balancing a game for both 1 vs 1 and 2 vs 2 . 
  you just need to have tools that are different for 2 vs 2 and 1 vs 1 . 
  one obvious tool like this is maps and maps have been used to balance things since the dawn of sc1 . 
  but they do n't need to stop there . 
  they could easily add things that only work in team games . 
  for example they may add specific team mechanics and we already have some of these but they can easily be made stronger or weaker to balance any 1 vs 1 balance changes that break team games balance . 
  for example medivacs can heal zerg and scvs can repair protoss mechanical units . 
  there may be much stronger interactions like that . 
  for example in brood war beta medics could heal zerg buildings but a sunken with a couple of medics was immortal so they removed the ability of medics to heal zerg buildings . 
  this is a change that has literally 0 effect on 1 vs 1 . 
  if it is determined that z + t is weak they could easily make the healers heal zerg building 5 times more effectively than they heal units - here is a buff that has no effect on 1 vs 1 . 
  of course i am not asking for this i am just asking for them to do a 2 vs 2 tournament once in a while . 
  instead they give me more 1 vs 1 that is played by 4 people and i have to see the same strategies again . 
  yeah i lost all credibility . 
  others know better what i want to see and play . 
  i 've always assumed but never asked do they get to keep all their price money ( minus taxes ) ? 
  bonus pool does work to motivate me and when i play a lot of games i do n't feel demotivated that others have bonus pool . 
  on the other hand i wo n't cry if it removed . 
  it goes against pure competition which i support ( 1 ladder , mmr displayed , let me see that i am 23523423423rd on battle.net ), 
  are there vods or something i can watch without gathering the pieces ? 
  i mean something including the drama not only the games . 
  ironically and hillary is probably clueless about this is that good encryption requires investment in breaking encryption . 
  the only way to know our crypto is sound is to invest a lot in trying to break it . 
  i agree but if i was an american voter and i was presented with the choice trump vs sanders i am voting for trump 100 % . 
  also if i had to choose between hitler and lenin i am going with hitler without blinking . 
  so vote for the one that advocates highest taxes and redistribution as opposed to the one who advocates the lowest taxes and least redistribution ? 
  of course i 'd vote paul but i am talking about the situation where he loses the preliminaries and one has to choose between trump and sanders . 
  sanders does ,
