  stupid example since i was like `` wait , masters is 2 % ! '', 
  are they really pumping masters to 10 % ? 
  not that i would mind since there will be an actual rank attached to it ( if it is up to me there will be no leagues only a rank ), 
  if i read it correctly you will know your exact position in the form of a rank . 
  if you wish you can calculate your percentile from there  ( your rank * 100 ) / total number of players, 
  12 worker stats is an adaptation for the new super large maps . 
  6 workers is fine when you are playing on xel naga caverns . 
  i myself would prefer a design towards smaller maps rather than a lot of workers but nobody listens to me :(, 
  my understanding is that the new masters/gm will not have ranked subdivisions . 
  it will be one big division with actual ranks . 
  getting in and out of gm will be like getting in top 10 in a division in the current system . 
  you just become number 10 from number 11 and that 's it . 
  then you lose and you are back to 11 ( in the new system out of gm ) . 
  except it is not top 10 but top 200 and the division has 3000 ( or so ) players rather than 100, 
  so i am not alone . 
  nobody listens to both of us , 
  it is entirely possible to stop hackers in a game like sc2 . 
  the question is if it is economically feasible and if network speed requirements will be worth it . 
  you just run the game simulation on the server and send each player the portion of the game state he sees . 
  this is hard to implement because the game will have to be able to work with incomplete information and there will be added cost for servers . 
  also imagine a scan that requires you to wait for the game state on the scanned location . 
  it will be a bit laggy . 
  so stopping hackers is hard and maybe not worth it but it is certainly not impossible . 
  are there any other kinds of hacks that are significant problem ? 
  on the other hand i imagine that the latency will result in no more than one speed setting down from fastest for sc to work as it is . 
  now the economic issues are much more serious . 
  well to be honest i do n't see this as a problem or rather i see it as a problem with the actual game rather than with the technology . 
  why people want to perform boring tasks that are easily automated by scripts is beyond me but for some reason the sc community calls this `` skill '' and respects it . 
  map hacks on the other hand ruin the strategy and mind games and this is where the true beauty of the game lies for me . 
  i would n't go as far as using any of the mechanics hacks but i really do n't mind these being used against me on the ladder . 
  it wo n't ruin my fun . 
  now a tournament is another thing ... 
  wait !, 
  how did artosis and tasteless leave the community ? 
  i am pretty sure they casted every single gsl since the start . 
  btw i do n't know how this discussion could even be a thing . 
  people are not married to starcraft so they should n't be condemned for `` cheating '' with other games . 
  did he really remove anything ? 
  i mean as someone who has written posts for a personal website for years i would feel bad about removing anything including things that i changed my opinion about . 
  why destroy my own work . 
  if i lost interest in a topic it is just pushed back into the archives naturally . 
  i perfectly understand the implications i just claim that these parts of the game are boring and not worth of respect . 
  i of course was in favor of auto injects . 
  sc is relatively unique ( age of empires has similar implications of macro and micro ) but i do n't see why this makes it good . 
  coh is a game i had more fun playing . 
  note that i am a huge fan of blizzard rts games since warcraft ii and have participated in hundreds of lan events in both starcraft i and warcraft iii so admitting that another rts is better than starcraft was n't easy for me . 
  the reason i stopped playing coh is that relic actively sideline the e-sports aspect whenever it conflicted with another goal of the game ( most notably realism ) and not because i think sc2 is better purely as a game . 
  in my opinion these hacks are just punishing bad game design decision . 
  if i was in charge for sc2 they would be part of the game ui ( in fact that 's what auto-inject was ) . 
  especially when with async you are already waiting a lot of milliseconds for the async operation to complete . 
  i fully understand what the people who like this type of `` skill '' are excited about . 
  however i am not one of them and in fact i think most people do not get excited about this and do not find it interesting . 
  it is just that since around mid 2000s this type of people has monopolized competitive starcraft ( i guess most others simply left ) . 
  i can assure you that the attitude towards speed was not the same before the replays come along . 
  i actually remember that we made fun of fast players as people who can not think but only click fast ( especially if they lost ) . 
  i do agree that strategies matter and they matter a lot and i would n't be playing and watching if they did n't but the community and blizzard ( by listening to the community ) move things in a direction where strategies matter less and mechanics matter more . 
  still i do n't know any other game that is more strategic and is played as an e-sport so i stick with sc . 
  cod is full of shit on so many levels . 
  i kind of like cs but do n't feel like controlling spread is a skill worth of respect . 
  i prefer quake and find it far more strategic and there you do n't control spread and despite the fact that the game looks super fast learning to shoot in quake is not harder than learning to control spread in cs . 
  i have not played coh 2 either . 
  i simply boycotted them and did n't buy the expansion to coh1 after they announced that there was not going to be a mirror matchup because it was not realistic but they were putting in two new factions . 
  i do agree that randomness was problematic and this is another example of sacrificing e-sports for other design goals which i found very sad . 
  nada is more beautiful ( no homo ), 
  come on man !, 
  you 've waited about 5 years for this moment, 
  so for 5 years they could n't do something like that for 2 vs 2 ... 
  just put creep tumors in the holes . 
  because people do n't want to write for that abomination that is the web . 
  all three pillars ( html , css , javascript ) are relatively bad tools in their category some more than the others but all of them have superior alternatives . 
  i personally have refused better paying jobs i am qualified for just because they had more front-end development than my current job . 
  not even counting that by avoiding front-end development i am actually not very good at it and i could have been if i wanted to do it . 
  xaml is an example why html is bad . 
  the biggest problem in my opinion is that html has semantics which is great for documents but bad for applications . 
  sadly xaml sucks on the styling side and i would actually take css over xaml styling although there are some cool features like static type checking . 
  makes me sad i lost my original pirated cd . 
  it was the first copy of starcraft in my town , 
  wol campaign still stands unbeaten as the best sc campaign ever . 
  blizzard 's storytelling has been going down since frozen throne . 
  i would be really surprised if they could . 
  that would require battle.net to save replays for all games . 
  in addition i am not sure it is a good idea . 
  oh i did n't realize you suggested viewing the replays from the current tournament . 
  i thought you meant replays from games before the tournament . 
  blizzard storytelling going downhill from frozen throne onwards . 
   `` starcraft 2 legacy of the v. . . '' this video is no longer available due to a copyright claim by activision publishing , inc. . 
  good job bobby kotick !, 
  i have never used pg but i knew this . 
  it is ( was ? ), 
  one every comparison list as a downside of pg and advantage of other databases . 
  thanks, 
  this alone is a reason to never change the name of the league even in starcraft v, 
  this post is clarification of unanswered questions from the ladder revamp post . 
  it does not invalidate it . 
  i think it is reasonable to bump masters to 4-5 % . 
  this is what masters was for the longest time and if we want these `` achieved 15 times '' badges to mean something then blizzard should keep the percentages consistent with previous seasons . 
  if it is determined that a more elite league is needed a new one should be introduced from the top ( like say high masters which is 1 % or something ), 
  it is high time people learn what `` pro '' means . 
  it does n't mean `` good at '' it means `` doing it for a living '', 
  it is strange that so many people read the post like this .
