  units become duller and do n't have clear strengths and weaknesses . 
  while some units are ok i am stunned by the changes to the immortal . 
  definitely the most stupid change i have seen in sc2 . 
  they have taken a unit with clear advantages and disadvantages and turned it into a medium unit that does n't care if you fight tanks or hydras as long as you press the buttons to activate the shield . 
  btw i like the herc a lot and if the 12 workers per mineral line thing turns out to be true it will be great . 
  great post !, 
  i am also sad to discover that `` 12 workers '' does not mean that the optimal number of workers per base is 12 but that the game starts with 12 workers ... wtf blizzard why not start with 3 bases and 60 workers so that we can have `` nice macro game '' every time ? 
  12 workers is soooo bad . 
  i do n't see the logic behind it at all . 
  those were always very fun and unpredictable . 
  equal games after openings like these are definitely my favorite kinds of games and even those that did end fast were adrenaline fueled . 
  the current situation lends itself to games where one player has a clear advantage but can not use it because he hits the supply cap . 
  if more bases resulted in more return of investment ( which they currently do n't beyond 3 ) then the player with the advantage could use it to gain more bases and win off of economy . 
  the games in wol started pretty fast but someone decided that games should start with 3 bases and 1 base strategies were dishonorable . 
  i would like to read a comment from the guy who was telling us how korean koreans are so much better than eu and na koreans and mma should not even be in the top 8 . 
  i know you are joking but this is literally what dota games ( and actually all fantasy setting games including competitive wow ) are for me . 
  with sci-fi at least we have some well-established rules from movies and books . 
  it is obvious that the rifles can shoot air and tanks do splash damage . 
  in addition in sc bigger units and bigger armies are almost always stronger . 
  you can reliably judge army strength and unit strength by size . 
  this does not seem to be the case in dota games as i have seem smaller champs turn out to be strong in direct melee battles and have a lot of health . 
  the different colored attacks also have no meaning outside the game and i ca n't even distinguish skills from auto attacks . 
  i think there should be a law banning fantasy setting for competitive games . 
  i am sure artosis has surpassed the mathematical probability that his predictions might be the result of pure luck a long time ago . 
  yes , now when you see hydras wtf make immortals anyway . 
  btw immortals currently do require micro in almost every practical situation . 
  there is never a battle of immortals against tanks alone . 
  you have to actively target or you will end up with immortals shooting at hellions and you should check if they get stuck behind your other army . 
  yeah by removing every possible exciting strategy like early pool or cannon rush . 
  i blame artosis . 
  he was talking about `` nice macro games '' all the time . 
  you and i are the minority . 
  the community did not even vote steppes of war in the map pool :(, 
  but there is no 6 pool or 8 pool anymore and while zerg can still go early pool protoss and terran options are somewhat reduced . 
  recursion is provably equivalent to loops . 
  now if you need to put all your locals and arguments in a stack then recursion is just easier to reason about but the fact that every recursive algorithm can be replaced with a stack and a loop is well-known and quite obvious . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  in sc2 you can beat banelings with marines if you micro . 
  sc2 has very few of these types of units . 
  i am the last person to get on the `` bw was so much better '' bandwagon but it had units with much more individuality . 
  i am friends with demuslim , stephano , incontrol , artosis , huk , grubby , mc , vortix , stardust , golden , leenock , tastless , tod , first , yoda , hyun and real in this way . 
  they probably do n't remember i exist but we are best buddies . 
  i want to be friend with life too ... 
  i love how both the authors and github failed miserably on the typescript side . 
  the typescript project listed in the actual paper are all bitcoin related since it turns out that the qt translation file have the . ts extension and github identifies the project as typescript . 
  i disagree with your immortal vs hydra assertion ( especially since immortal pushes often beat hydras ) . 
  in fact i would like to point out that what you describe happens not because units have clear strengths and weaknesses but exactly the opposite . 
  blizzard are trying hard to fit units into specific roles by introducing impressive number of exceptions . 
  for example the ghost had clear strengths and weaknesses but they decided that a certain usage should be prohibited and specifically tweaked snipe to work against psionic and nothing else which murdered other uses of the ghost we had seen like ghost rushes in tvt or ghost drops in tvz . 
  sc2 is not rps at all ( in fact rps does n't make much sense as an analogy when you can have a mix of 20r 10p and 2 s ) it is a game that promotes mechanical macro over anything else . 
  so do you have empirical evidence that the c/java style type system is worse than ruby , javascript or php . 
  i mean if it is the worst of both worlds then dynamic must be observably superior . 
  i think that long-term productivity will be better in java than python . 
  long term productivity includes a lot of refactoring and introducing people to work on the code when 5 + years later when the original devs have left . 
  of course my opinion is also not backed by any facts i just know that i am much more scared to make changes to the javascript code than to the c # code on our legacy projects . 
  of course there are more important reasons than typing discipline for a project to be reliable but i would argue that more static typing results in more reliability . 
  i disagree that you can have a degree of static typing where you achieve less reliability ( i.e. 
  worse of both worlds ), 
  yep let 's agree to disagree . 
  just to make my point clear i dispute the claim that some static typing is worse than none for reliability . 
  i do not dispute the virtues of dynamic typing in general ( which i think are not in the reliability field ) . 
  sadly it is very hard to exclude all other factors . 
  maybe the most reasonable option out there is to compare typescript to javascript since they share everything but the static type checker . 
  i guess we have to wait for a study on this one . 
  does java for android have lambdas ? 
  word missing from the article : strategy, 
  wings beta and launch maps - the best maps we had !, 
  they were all different and strategies were so map specific . 
  it is not like you could 12 drone rush on desert oasis like you could on steppes of war or ghost drop on steppes of war like you could on lost temple . 
  as an european i apologize for how boring people on my continent are . 
  i voted steppes with all 3 of my accounts but ... :(, 
  honestly current maps are not much different from all the other maps . 
  xel naga and metalopolis are the only maps which do not follow the model - start on higher ground with a small ramp and expand to a natural with relative choke and then have a third nearby and relatively easy to defend and have a long rush distance . 
  i am sick of this model . 
  i want wide ramps , no high ground ramps , wide naturals , big maps , insanely small maps , maps with high ground over the natural or the third , maps with short air distances , maps with air only expands . 
  hell , i want island maps !, 
  i want maps so weird that people off race because they ca n't think of a reasonable strategy with their own race on the map in question . 
  i then want to see the tlos and grubbys of the world invent strategies with the supposedly unusable race . 
  this is the starcraft i love . 
  maybe the most interesting of the similar maps but not really unique . 
  i am obsessed with desire to see people who think and adapt win over people who have great mechanics . 
  seems like the community disagrees with me . 
  this opinion depends on what you have fun with . 
  i am totally uninterested in the art of clicking fast and developing muscle memory . 
  this is probably why i find chess more interesting than football ( although chess has its own demons ) . 
  i understand that mechanics are unavoidable in a real time game and i love that sc is real time ( i.e. 
  you have to think faster than your opponent and can sacrifice perfect decision for faster decision ) . 
  however i would like to see rewards for mechanics reduced to absolute minimum while in the current situation i think mechanics is promoted purposefully over strategy and mind games . 
  it is not even equally important it is mainly mechanics these days . 
  looking forward to meeting you  i will make sure to announce i am zerg to every protoss player i meet ( since i play random and they may not cannon rush me ), 
  truly the best host . 
  btw how old is he ? 
  seems like this is closer to pro . 
  can someone explain what `` non-enterprise '' really means ? 
  if it means anything ... 
  the number i heard was 3 million and a story ( possibly just an urban legend ) of offering 1 million borland making a counter offer of 2 million the recruiter calling bill gates personally and asking if he can offer 3 . 
  bill says `` yes '' and borland ca n't match that . 
  also anders ( hallowed be his name ) has said that he wanted to move to ms because that was an opportunity to make bigger impact than what he could do at borland . 
  i prefer not to use git and i do n't think github gives that option . 
  i admit to not reading the link ( i thought it is the same i read elsewhere ) .
