  ok i am convinced . 
  get rotti and tasteless to cast every match !, 
  they do produce the best series, 
  the communities are not separated . 
  most people who own btc own bcc, 
  paying directly for tournaments is certainly my preferred way to put money in e-sports . 
  the whole `` buy skins and 20 % goes to support the scene '' is quite a downgrade for me . 
  this is a respectable position . 
  i hope they follow through and hard fork to the 2x part, 
  that wo n't happen unless they fuck up the 2x part, 
  the combined values are greater than the pre-fork value, 
  i am not running btc1 because it is not tagged as an officially released . 
  also in my opinion it is all about the name . 
  if exchanges and services who signed follow through and use the name bitcoin for 2x and call the other something else then the value will move to 2x, 
  net neutrality is anti-libertarian state regulation . 
  repealing net neutrality is a libertarian act . 
  war on drugs and protectionism are trump 's policies where libertarians disagree . 
  blizzard has a replay parser library written in python . 
  it may be not trivial to write yourself although if you only want the races it may be easy enough . 
  on the other hand if you look around maybe someone has ported it to js, 
  i wonder what will happen if someone founded a right-wing company and hires people like brenden eich and this guy . 
  probably wo n't get any funding due to the pr disaster but who knows ... peter thiel has money and may be on board . 
  does anyone have the contacts of krasi0 's author ? 
  i 've managed to find that his name is krasimir krystev but that 's about it and this name is not unpopular in bulgaria so it is hard to just dig the guy up on social media, 
  i 'd boycott google over this but i am already boycotting them as much as i can - no gmail , no android device in my house , not even a chrome installed on my devices ( everything except search and youtube ) . 
  at least i know i 've not given the hypocrites any money for a decade . 
  maybe , just maybe he is a guy with integrity who speaks his mind and will do what he thinks is right even if he knows he will lose his job . 
  i would but i already stopped doing so over other hypocrisies a decade ago . 
  sadly you ca n't just start google . 
  you can start something else that at some point is as big as google but it wo n't be google the same way google are not microsoft . 
  i read the manifesto . 
  it was pretty mild and never stated women were inferior . 
  you 'd have a hard time finding even one racist word from trump . 
  more like the only things that i have not found a way to boycott ( yes i 've tries other search engines and i am using bing on my phone but google is by far superior ) . 
  on the other hand i do n't think i have ever clicked on a google ad on purpose so i guess i have not given them any money . 
  also when possible i opt for twitch over youtube . 
  currently the vide content that makes up 50 % of what i consume is available on both and i always go for twitch even though it is slightly inferior . 
  i doubt ruining his life is that simple . 
  unless his whole life is working in the valley . 
  he can still work a well paid programming job elsewhere . 
  not just your understanding but really any reading of the memo from a person with iq over 70 who is not trying to push an agenda, 
  to be honest there are things worse than being fired . 
  for me being scared to speak my mind would be one of them . 
  lawsuit from the guy incoming, 
  great  e-mail sent , 
  yes , because i am pretty sure sv companies do hire less qualified women and minorities to fill a quota . 
  if you are not filling a quota you would end up with less than average . 
  mine will be running . 
  the same goes the other way . 
  if there are users who accept the 2x the stakeholders must upgrade because the replay protection is required to protect both assets . 
  i think if the entities who signed the agreement follow through they will make core irrelevant but the miners alone ca n't do it . 
  if they fork together, 
  corecoin becomes slow because miners switch to 2x, 
  segwit2x gets the name bitcoin because exchanges and services call it bitcoin, 
  however if exchanges do not follow the fork miners will be forced to return to core chain by economic power . 
  ignoring the obvious bullshit in the picture i 'd still rather be stomped by corporations . 
  what happens if they upgrade ? 
  is core coin damaged or 2x damaged ? 
  my point is that the stakeholders you refer to do not lose anything from supporting 2x . 
  the replay attack exists no matter which side they choose to support . 
  well we must assume that some part of the hashpower will stay with corecoin . 
  so protosses are definitely vulnerable until they get 4 carriers, 
  . net standard 2.0 has many new things compared to . net standard 1.0 . 
  you only need . net standard if you want to write a library which works on . net framework , xamarin and . net core . 
  the things in . net standard have mostly existed for years but now they are compatible between the different flavors of . net, 
  ok , who is building the c # wrapper ? 
  he means the research ai not the in game `` computer '' ai, 
  he means exactly the ai made by third parties for research purposes which can not destroy even low-level competitive players . 
  where did you pull that number from ? 
  i am quite certain that most of the currently active players will destroy the bw ais, 
  well you will hardly get access to google 's clusters to run alpha go but probably more amateur ais will be available . 
  do n't get your hopes too high though . 
  they are not doing this to put it in the game . 
  they are doing this for ai research and teaching ( student ai competitions are a thing for bw ), 
  probably yes but some libraries are platform specific . 
  if you are building a wpf library it makes no sense to target the standard . 
  in addition before 2.0 the api surface was too limited and most of the libraries used apis which were not part of the standard . 
  2.0 is a big enhancement . 
  first of all from the random matches i have seen i am under the impression that the ais got worse . 
  second the specific source of this article ( the ars technica article ) says that the guy was good before ( qualified for wcg ) and was currently phd student working on the project . 
  while he is probably an ok player he was long past his prime when he lost to the ai . 
  finally he lost one game of countless games he played against the ai . 
  the article mentions that they were very happy because it was the first time the ai won . 
  i am pretty sure most people who still play actively will crash this ai and i am not talking about pros i am talking about regular players who still care about sc1 enough to play it . 
  also note that if they research the ai and attack specific weaknesses it would be even worse . 
  and finally the ai in question won by abusing insane apm . 
  the suggested rules for future tournaments and the rules under which google will work will limit the ai to human speeds . 
  what percentage of fish , iccup , etc players are c or below ? 
  hmm i 've seen this game . 
  i remember thinking the protoss player was a bot too , 
  is letabot the best out there ? 
  and even then this match tests a specific build . 
  in a real tournament the human will know he is playing against a bot and do the weirdest cheese . 
  let alone if there is time to research the bot . 
  i am only disputing the state of the current bots . 
  deepmind is entirely different beast which uses entirely different algorithms . 
  it remains to be seen how a machine learning bot does in sc . 
  maybe it does great maybe it sucks i have no idea . 
  i am pretty sure at some point the ai will win as it will do with literally everything humans do but how long it takes remains to be seen . 
  btw ai researchers can you please make a robot cleaner that is not incredibly stupid , thanks,
