  for example rovio ( of angry birds fame ) are filthy rich and angry birds is not really impressive technical achievement . 
  apps that are much harder to program make much less money . 
  if you find a clever way to create a simple app you are a boss . 
  remember the fart app craze ? 
  i bet the guy who came up with the idea became really rich and did very little coding . 
  in the long run you are not supporting him or more importantly the scene . 
  sooner or later advertisers will figure out dumping money on starcraft streams is not doing them any good because people are opening the stream in another browser muted . 
  of course the difference may be small enough to not be detected but i would hardly call this `` support '', 
  i have a plan how we handle all those who look down on games . 
  we just wait for them to die . 
  given enough time everyone who did not play games as a kid will die because currently every kid plays games . 
  when you played games as a kid it is hard to argue that they make you a killer or that they are toys . 
  time is on our side . 
  as a developer with some experience with apps i know what you are talking about . 
  i bet the first year was n't as fun financially as the 4th was it ? 
   also you probably either did something well or had some good idea that was easy to implement . 
  the fact that you do n't have to work a lot now does not mean that you did not work a lot or show creativeness in the past . 
  i never muted it but i often switch to another program . 
  then again i do n't support the tv at all . 
  in fact i wish ad sponsored tv dies and we 're left only with hbo type channels . 
  of course . 
  if they do otherwise they should be sued by shareholders . 
  then again as carmack said if you think there is a business case for linux show them the money . 
  certainly developers do gain from this . 
  after all the more platforms ( with users ) there are , the greater the need for software , the greater the cost of development work . 
  of course in this case the . net devs are those who gain the most . 
  also i realize it is not a big gain but even small market share is beneficial for the devs if someone is hired to work on apps for the platform and on the platform itself . 
  also i actually love the hardware and the software . 
  i have to admit if i was n't a . net dev i would probably trade it for an iphone ( because of the larger ecosystem ) but you would have to pay me to switch a nokia wp8 phone for the latest and greatest android device . 
  also it is worth noting that android vendors are not doing very well . 
  samsung and htc are the only profitable and htc may soon be in the red . 
  this rule should be enforced more strictly by moderators and this thread is far from the worst offender . 
  it has far more than 1 % ( 2 % is far more than 1 % right ? ) . 
  also developers may not make much from apps directly but many companies with other businesses build apps and hire devs ( think of banks , spotify , paypal , amazon kindle app , etc. ), 
  true . 
  as i said the benefit for devs is that there is one more thing to do . 
  even if 1 dev is employed developing wp apps there is still a benefit for the dev community because he is not competing with other devs for other projects . 
  also market share is not the only or even the main point in making money from apps . 
  devs make more money on ios even though android has far greater market share . 
  my girlfriend has a galaxy nexus and i am not impressed at all . 
  first of all she has much more problems than i do on my wp7 device which is n't even a nokia . 
  problems range from market not working ( turns out the workaround was to log out of google account and log in again but the official google bugtracker did not mention this although it had the bug listed ) to she killing the alarm process herself and not being able to find out why alarms are not working for days which in my opinion points out to the complexity of android . 
  mind you she is a java dev . 
  android seems uglier and inconsistent but i understand this is subjective . 
  what is not subjective is that before 4.1 android was incredibly laggy . 
  as a hardcore gamer i am pretty sensitive to laggy animations and android had plenty of those . 
  despite the fact that her phone had twice the hardware of mine the wp7 device looked much smoother . 
  even the browser seemed faster and smoother on wp when zooming or scrolling the page ( hardware acceleration means something i guess ) with 4.1 many of these issues are fixed but i still feel like wp has an edge . 
  note that i am talking about wp7 here and wp8 is even better . 
  while there are some apps on android missing from wp that i would like to use my impression from doing some research is that the quality of android apps is not higher than wp apps . 
  in fact some major apps like facebook are better on wp . 
  my research into a couple of apps ( i developed some of them so i checked the competition ) is that android has 5 crappy apps while wp has 1 crappy app . 
  somehow i do n't feel that a greater choice of crap is a good reason to switch to android . 
  by contrast i was really impressed by the quality of ios apps and really envied ios users and just had to accept that i would likely never develop apps good enough to compete with the ios versions . 
  it is easy to google multiple articles claiming that ios devs make more money . 
  while all that evidence is empirical it is almost impossible to find hard evidence of this thing without google publicly announcing dev income from google play . 
  on the other hand apple beating the drum about how much they paid to devs and the number of credit cards registered with their store on every ios event is telling something . 
  example source : http://www.androidauthority.com/developer-economics-128916/, 
  i picked android focused website on purpose, 
  last quarter they actually made profit though there were many other factors involved . 
  what is more if wp reaches 6-7 % market share and nokia are selling 3/4 of these then they would be in better shape than motorola , lg ( if google stops sponsoring them with nexus ) , sony and even htc . 
  i am not saying this would happen but there is a reasonable chance for this outcome . 
  well comments should be far more liberal than actual submissions, 
  in my opinion this was their best chance to be a leading smartphone vendor . 
  maybe it was a 1 % chance but all other options had even less chance . 
  although i do n't agree with you on the nokia hardware i 'd like to point out that you can buy beautiful samsung hardware these days . 
  samsung ativ phones are at least as good as gs3 and i even think the back is better on the ativ . 
  you only point out to companies that are doing good with non-phone android devices . 
  nokia has not released a tablet yet so it is impossible to judge based on this . 
  let alone that amazon profit on the content they sell . 
  even if others wanted to follow their model they could n't because they do n't have content to sell . 
  and how are we sure that nokia would have done good like samsung and not bad like everybody else had they gone with android ? 
  well nokia has n't gone bankrupt either , 
  i do n't know about this but there are also many blogposts from actual developers who say their app made more money on ios than android and also cost less to develop ( because of the multiple versions and devices on android ) . 
  i do n't ignore tablet sales . 
  i just point out that the tablet stuff would n't have any benefits for nokia because they have not even announced a tablet at this point let alone 1-2 years ago . 
  lg are only driving the market because google handed out the nexus brand and some money to sponsor the device . 
  lg were doing pretty bad before that and i am sure they will be doing bad after that . 
  this is correct but it is still easier than android . 
  so they should prefer an os that does not give a lot of control even more than other users , 
  i do n't agree with your assumptions . 
  in my opinion the nexus 4 is only possible at this price point because google are subsidizing it . 
  in addition this particular mature platform comes with mature competition . 
  as i pointed out in other comments many other phone oems fail to execute in this market . 
  in my opinion the android road was a clear loser in the sense that they had no chance to be a major player again . 
  with wp there was some slight chance that the os would become very popular and they would do something more than survive . 
  if i owned nokia i would surely go wp or continue with meego . 
  of course there is no way to turn back time and see what happens if they had chosen android but i do n't see this `` clear winner '' you are talking about . 
  obviously the board of nokia did n't see it either . 
  btw wp has remarkable support from the dev community for the low market share it has . 
  i guess the . net devs around the world wanted to develop mobile apps but did not have a meaningful platform to do so . 
  i believe wp is the platform with the highest ratio devs/users , 
  can you point me to production quality ( as in full tool chain ) tools for developing in java and python for ios and android . 
  how about for windows 8 and windows phone ? 
  i wish java and python had this level of adoption on all oss but the fact is they do n't . 
  so why should anyone bother with firefox os instead of developing with for example phonegap for ios and android if writing apps in html and js is so important ? 
  it is true that the wp road was far more riskier . 
  however as one article put it at the time in the tech world if you do n't shoot for the top you 'd better quit . 
  this is why wp was the right choice . 
  there was a chance to become big and if they did n't they would fall bad .
