  however it can still be used as an example of high quality rts with strong competitive element, 
  i do care about the size of the scene but i still prefer watching a quake tournament to the international so ... 
  and i like that a lot . 
  i have n't played any warhammer game and just like you i thought sc was superior to wc3 ( although i played wc3 extensively mainly because i enjoy going to lan tournaments a lot ) but when i played coh for like 3 months i was forced to admit i enjoyed the concept more than sc . 
  sadly this potential was killed and i wish relic goes bankrupt for doing this . 
  anyway my point is that we should not write off aaa rts games . 
  i was thinking that this refers to handjobs too . 
  like having one of your hands off the computer when you watch the stream . 
  too late to check that now i guess . 
  btw i like the idea of balancing around 2 vs 2 . 
  i think games like dota and lol are so popular mainly because they are team games and being free to play comes second ( of course it is extremely important too ) . 
  creating an rts balanced around teams may be what makes the genre more popular and there is nothing in rts games or even starcraft that makes it bad fit for team games at least for small teams . 
  4 vs 4 may be overkill but 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 can be just fine if some company tries to develop that . 
  did you use the zoom feature of the gif ? 
  i am divided on this one . 
  back in the day when sc1 was released bulgaria was in quite hard economic situation and the internet was just becoming a thing . 
  on the other hand we had a lot of internet cafes . 
  many people did not have computers at home so there was an internet caf\u00e9 on every corner . 
  few people could afford original copy of the game and even if they could there was no place to buy it . 
  so a kind of closed community formed in bulgaria . 
  while we had very good 1 vs 1 players ( including one guy who performed quite well in the kbk tournament ) the default matchup for brood war for us was 2 vs 2 . 
  there were lan tournaments every week and they were all 2 vs 2 , players on the most popular bulgarian server ( not battle.net ) were playing mostly 2 vs 2 . 
  it was n't until the second wcg qualifiers ( 2001 ) that 1 vs 1 became the dominant form of starcraft . 
  i actually think that around the year 2000 we were by far the best in the world in 2 vs 2 . 
  i do n't think anyone in the world spent that much time playing competitive 2 vs 2 and advancing the meta . 
  i know it is personal but 2 vs 2 can in fact exist on a high competitive level . 
  i am a bit sad that the sc2 community is downplaying 2 vs 2 on purpose . 
  it may not be very balanced but i ca n't believe that there is a reason to not have at least 1 high level 2 vs 2 tournament . 
  replacing dreamhack moscow ? 
  total biscuit disapproves of dreamhack moscow , 
  obviously he replaced dreamhack moscow with dreamhack france . 
  after all he supports the scene with his penis so ... 
  why is it still not available . 
  i would expect this to be added at the same time with the ability to disable certain spawn combinations . 
  even better . 
  some of them can be compiled to native and not compiled to native . 
  according to the machine code definition they are sometimes programming languages sometimes scripting languages although they are exactly the same language , 
  whether html and sql are programming languages depends on your definition . 
  if we take the wider definition - rules for text that makes a computer do stuff then html is certainly a programming language . 
  you can take the narrower definition which adds that the language should be turing complete but then you have to deal with the fact that html + css have been proven to be turing complete . 
  better give up and use the wider definition . 
  i wonder how many coins are lost and their effect on the price . 
  does the market compensate for the lost coins by increasing the price or it operates on the assumption that the coins are not lost . 
  the protocol can not know but the price can still be affected through market forces . 
  on the other hand the effect on the price can be delayed because everyone thinks there are more coins than there actually are, 
  i would say it doe the cases where their format is text . 
  in word 's case the xml of docx is a programming language, 
  usually people say so because html is not turing complete . 
  sql is turing complete in the t-sql and pl/sql varieties but pure sql is not . 
  you can check what turing complete means on wikipedia but one very simple and inaccurate way to think of it is `` can it do loops or recursion '' . 
  basically people say html is not a programming language because it does not have loops . 
  you are correct . 
  i was thinking of loops with conditionals . 
  obviously the rules for turing completeness are more complex than that so as a simplification i think my explanation is good enough . 
  according to the answer it is with cte so yeah ... it just comes to show that the distinction is very fluid and in general whining about `` mistakes '' like calling sql or html a programming language is not very useful . 
  the sales numbers ? 
  how about the money ms paid to square enix ? 
  how would you know if these were enough to offset loss in sales ? 
  how do you make the difference . 
  i mean exclusives happen by one company pouring money into a game . 
  why does it matter if they poured money into developing the game or into paying someone to make it exclusive ? 
  i really do n't see the difference between creating a new game and buying one . 
  in both cases you spend money to get an exclusive . 
  i am willing to bet ps4 version will never happen . 
  now a delayed pc version is quite likely indeed . 
  think of it like this - owners were not happy with the profits so they sold the game to microsoft . 
  ok but why does it matter ? 
  would it be better if they funded the next tomb raider and made it exclusive instead of buying this one ? 
  that 's quite simplistic way to look at it . 
  where would microsoft get the developers to build a new game ? 
  they will probably have to hire people from other studios and ruin other games . 
  how do we know if tomb raider is profitable enough ? 
  maybe we get a better tomb raider . 
  that 's the bastiat ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bastiat ) way of looking at it , 
  the money they spent rewarded the developer for making a good game therefore they went towards creating something . 
  well i guess the decision makers at square enix have a better perspective at this than we do . 
  so if they think the deal will bring them more money then chances are it will bring them more money . 
  of course they may be wrong but they surely think they are right otherwise why agree to this deal ? 
  i assume that they have been rewarded more by microsoft than they expected to sell on the said platforms . 
  otherwise the deal does not make any sense and they would not accept it . 
  as i said elsewhere this example is a very simplistic view of the market . 
  if he paid the seller then the seller can produce more apples with the money he just got and potentially sell them to everybody . 
  also if we follow this train of thought why not duplicate the orange too ? 
  you got an orange that can easily be multiplied but you did not share it with your friend ? 
  equally dickish if you ask me but nobody claims ms are bad for not porting halo to ps4, 
  are you talking about the items search criteria ? 
  i think these were not written by the programmer but by the person who wrote the bot . 
  he manually sold to the rmah, 
  i honestly do n't see how an ah bot ruins the fun for other players . 
  farming bot - sure but ah bot ? 
  according to the article the rmah was not the problem . 
  in addition they removed the normal ah as well . 
  fact is the game is stupid and the ah points that fact out in a painful way . 
  well why would square enix executives agree to the deal if they do not expect to make less money through selling on other platforms ? 
  i do n't see the difference . 
  people ca n't play exclusives on other platforms and that 's it . 
  companies pay for this . 
  i do n't see any difference between microsoft paying for halo to not be available on other platforms and microsoft paying someone not to release on other platforms . 
  with inhouse exclusives you are still paying developers and increasing the salaries of game developers so you are effectively blocking some other company from creating a non-exclusive game . 
  same think as paying the company directly not to release on other platforms .
