  how is this not interesting ? 
  it 's drama and good opponent . 
  i am ok with something like this but then they have to drop to national level ( like the original wcs ) and require that the player is of certain nationality . 
  of course this would n't fit with incorporating mlg , iem and gsl in the scheme and frankly i do n't know why they saw any need to connect these tournaments . 
  i am not buying the whole `` unified storyline '' thing . 
  nursing foreign scene will accelerate this process . 
  the gap between foreign players and koreans will become even wider and the audience will lose interest even faster if they know foreigners are just being included in tournaments because they are foreigners . 
  in the ideal world the admins would give a win to nony but nony would offer a resume from replay out of sportsmanship , 
  edit : and it turns out the world is ideal , 
  i was wondering how canadian and mexican players feel , 
  trolling idra seems to be the new hit on streams . 
  i wonder how idra can profit from it . 
  i just tuned to demuslim 's stream just to watch things like this , 
  is it fun from his side ? 
  maybe i should tune in to his stream too , 
  so basically everyone was pirating bw ? 
  yeah but idra trolling has been on the rise recently . 
  i wonder that he is profiting from this specific `` troll idra '' campaign, 
  if by `` a couple '' you mean like 4 , 
  my point is that if this is true it makes perfect sense for blizzard to use always online as a form of drm and no one can criticize them for that , 
  wol will but at this point legacy of the void will be the hot new shit so ... , 
  what teams have gms ? 
  i followed the first season and the average was diamond but i expect that as the league got more popular more players found out about it or simply improved . 
  i get it . 
  applies to some degree for bulgaria where i live . 
  on the other hand i am surprised it does n't do much to put off map hackers . 
  you would think that if you have to buy a new account when eventually you are banned you will think twice before hacking . 
  what are the options to port these kind of project to starcraft ii ? 
  is there anything equivalent to bwapi either third party or through the map editor scripting ? 
  the sc fan in me is stronger than the programmer so i care more about the actual results and what we learn about the game than the code used to achieve it but sc1 is irrelevant so i wonder if similar techniques can be applied to sc2 . 
  i understand but they do n't allow api for bw either . 
  it is a third party library based on reverse engineering . 
  in addition i 've seen some simulated unit micro ( split against banelings , drop/pickup micro , etc. ), 
  i have not bothered to check but if these are possible then there is some way to hook into the game . 
  maybe the editor supports lua scripting or something ? 
  interesting . 
  is this language powerful enough for meaningful development of projects like this one ? 
  in addition is there any way to communicate with the outside world ? 
  also [ here ] ( http://blogs.msdn.com/b/typescript/archive/2013/03/25/working-on-typescript-0-9-generics-overload-on-constants-and-compiler-performance.aspx ), 
  and how is boolean a standard ? 
  i see . 
  the change makes sense although typescript is a different language and they could easily choose to introduce an alias . 
  probably more than the number of people who ever typed boolean in js , 
  yes but why does a keyword alias in another language have to match the name of a type in js where the type is almost never spelled in code ? 
  chances are pretty high that it is going to ruin the ladder . 
  on the other hand if there is a programming language in the editor you could just write stuff like ai in this language . 
  i support the decision i just question the `` follow standard '' argument . 
  they do n't necessarily need to follow the standard for another language if it is not practical . 
  i read the article and it seems like the title is completely wrong . 
  it says `` it 's all about age '' but according to the article `` it 's all about money '' if you are prepared to work for comparable money you will still be perfectly employable at older age . 
  it is not like you are a sports player or something . 
  do they allow me to browse their site with ie without spoofing my user agent , yet ? 
  these companies simply wo n't come to the web . 
  they have the resources to develop native apps for all the platforms they care about . 
  however the people who support the statement in the original post are likely to be the people using linux , firefox os , etc. 
  guess who is not going to have a native app and not being able to access the content if html does not get drm !, 
  i want to access netflix and they wo n't let me if there is no drm . 
  how am i as a consumer not gaining anything ? 
  i am gaining netflix . 
  as someone who tried to use youtube with html5 this is 100 % correct . 
  it is impossible to have 1 ui that looks great and runs everywhere because the ui that looks nice on one platform is crap on the other . 
  different platforms have different ui guidelines for a reason . 
  so how do you write real world ios apps with java ( to pick an insanely popular programming language ) ? 
  how about windows 8 and windows phone ? 
  and these systems ca n't run mono ? 
  i think when i pick an example with the flagship product of the most expensive company in the world and one of the most popular programming languages it is hardly cherry picking . 
  in the world we currently live people do care about ios . 
  maybe this will not be the case 5 years from now but the reality is that today ios is very important . 
  let alone that people ** pay ** xamarin to use c # not because they can not reach other platforms any other way or develop multiplatform apps in other languages but because they want to use c # and not those other languages . 
  your original statement got it backwards . 
  they are paying for the language not for the multiple platforms . 
  but netflix wo n't let me use their service without drm anyway . 
  the only thing that matters to me is if i can use the netflix service . 
  with drm i can use it without drm i can not . 
  obviously by installing drm on my machine i am gaining something . 
  there are people who do know other languages but prefer c # . 
  for whatever reason these people think c # makes them more productive and reduces their costs . 
  for example i have a good amount of javascript experience and i can use javascript to write apps that target pretty much every platform but i will gladly pay xamarin for the opportunity to use c # instead of javascript . 
  good luck torrenting highly specialized content or live streams . 
  obviously the drm itself has no value to me but without drm i will not be able to use netflix . 
  weird or not it is their requirement . 
  it is like part of the price and i am ok with paying this price for their service since i see no problem with it except that it is pointless . 
  for example i find the fact that most websites are ad-supported much more disturbing . 
  in fact i can even go as far as claim that a working drm would be a good thing because paying for content will become more viable business model than supporting it with ads . 
  of course we all know that working drm for this type of content is in practice near impossible . 
  this is exactly what i wrote as a comment elsewhere in the thread . 
  in addition the people who are so anti-drm are probably the people who are likely to use platforms the providers do n't care about . 
  they will be the only one without the option to access the content while all others will use drm anyway . 
  no they wo n't ( unless you are talking about pirate bay as a competitor ) because the media industry will not license their product to anyone not using drm . 
  what do you think that netflix are stupid and do n't know that drm can be broken so they insist spending money on it ? 
  well ok . 
  i guess netflix ca n't really compete with that even without drm , 
  this is debatable . 
  hollywood thinks you need drm to make ( good ) money not because the drm is invincible but because it tells people that the creator did not want the content to be copied . 
  of course you may argue that you know more about this business than them but in any case they are the content owners not the internet users . 
  i am not familiar with the technical details . 
  if this is the case why do the interested parties push for a standard to begin with ? 
  we got his argument but this is not the only argument . 
  portability is not the only point guiding people in their choice of platforms and even then c # is doing pretty good compared to the competition if you take the subset of client platforms ( mobile and desktop ) or even if you care about client platforms in addition to server platforms . 
  interesting .
