  i wish i shared your optimism . 
  the reason to not bet your career on javascript is that it would mean you would have to write javascript for your whole career . 
  javascript is awful and your career would be awful . 
   the `` optimized '' part is a lot harder to argue without linking exact numbers ( although we do have some of that data around somewhere ) . 
  at the very least , . net core inherited the runtime , gc , jit , etc. 
  from full . net framework , and heavily optimized them from there once they were on github . 
  these things are also being optimized much faster than was possible with . net framework , because . net core is n't shipped with windows and is open source . 
  we routinely pull in optimizations that people submit in less than a day , which would never be possible with . net framework . 
  the fact that it can be targeted by . net native and the web stack make it kind of more optimized than the full framework, 
  i do n't think this is what exploit means . 
  it does not rely on a bug . 
  this is just a map that was n't designed with liberators in mind, 
  does following your series require prior knowledge of 3d graphics ? 
  then every play adjusted to the map should be called an exploit . 
  yeah but exploit in the context of games/computing is a term with very specific meaning . 
  there is even a wikipedia article about it - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/video_game_exploits, 
  list.foreach sucks !, 
  also var is debatable . 
  i think in this case there should be a var but people do have reasonable arguments against it . 
  i am in the `` use var if the type is mentioned on the right or is a literal '' camp but i must admit that the rule is fluid and that both sides ( always var and never var ) have a good argument against it that if you ban it or mandate it you do n't have to explain or think when choosing . 
  maybe liberals fans of spying obama will finally read the book now . 
  tasteless - the best caster ever , period . 
  and i am saying this as someone who constantly makes fun of him about his lack of knowledge of the game but man even his lack of knowledge is super entertaining . 
  i think i 've watched every single gsl match . 
  still totally entertained ( i tend to skip other tournaments though ), 
  i do n't want them to do a lot of game changes . 
  let the meta evolve . 
  i do n't need a patch every 2 months . 
  i want the game to be like brood war - 10 years without patches . 
  well . 
  i just sit at home and watch the vods nothing impressive about it . 
  i do fall asleep sometimes since i watch them after work and i am often tired . 
  i tend to rewind and rewatch what i slept through but there is slight chance that there is some match i have skipped . 
  also i am pretty sure there were some matches that were not uploaded . 
  3 or 4 but they did exist . 
  i was also a paying subscriber for the ad-free vods when there was a dedicated site . 
  i think the vods were n't available without payment back then . 
  must have sent a couple of hundred dollars their way . 
  still i am more proud with being able to keep masters for 15 seasons after release while playing random and having a full time job . 
  fall into diamond 2 years ago :(, 
  they are good at everything they care about . 
  they do n't win off of some insane talent . 
  they win because there are enough people playing a game , because being good at these games is socially acceptable ( i.e. 
  parents know that this is legitimate career ) , because they have the structure ( team houses , coaches , etc. ), 
  and because they have insane eastern discipline . 
  now of course if a certain game is small in sk they might not be the best but still one of the top . 
  if the game is big in sk ( think blizzard games ) they dominate . 
  no it is not . 
  although js is definitely worse . 
  why would you refuse evolutionary advantage that others willingly give you ? 
  that some cultures ( most notably the real , sharia-loving muslims ) are incompatible with libertarianism and so should be kept away from a libertarian society by the use of force if need be . 
  hey this is pretty much how i explained solid to junior devs at our company !, 
  i will now use this presentation, 
  it is not `` so bad '' it is `` normally bad '' . 
  but here are some reasons, 
  - wrapper types for primitive types, 
  - checked exceptions, 
  - generics that suck ( i.e. 
  no list < int  and can be broken at runtime ), 
  - no properties, 
  no , i told them that solid is overrated and largely useless as a guideline to good code because it is extremely vague . 
  of course i do say a lot of things . 
  usually by example by giving them a task , letting them fail and showing them the correct thing to do . 
  i just tell them this when someone brings up the topic of solid . 
  i used to believe that , now i do n't . 
  or at least i believe that they can make the western civilization unpleasant to live in ( i.e. 
  tsa checks , total surveillance , etc. ), 
   abstractions save us time working , but they do n't save us time learning, 
  the article is complete failure . 
  yes the best programmers are not the youngest but there are some genius young people out there who have skill that matches people with a decade of real world experience and unlike older programmers they tend to invest their time in things the old programmers would n't care about . 
  just like carmack attacked the game industry . 
   it is a numbers game we will lose . 
  this is winning not losing . 
  at this point we will have created something better than us . 
  i look at the ais as our children which will carry on our ideas , conquer the universe and search for knowledge . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  it can be sidestepped but it conveys intent . 
  you know that if you overcomplicate things trump might target your agency . 
  i think the rand comparison is an exaggeration but otherwise i agree completely . 
  even if the order can be sidestepped it conveys intent . 
  we 've all done it !, 
  the story needs to be revised . 
  metzen lied to us !, 
  enjoy your tearing . 
  what is the black screen issue ? 
  ah ... sounds annoying . 
  i used to hit an issue with the game going full black screen randomly while still running and force me to restart because i could n't see anything even when i alt + tab . 
  switched to full screen borderless window because of that . 
  just went to read about fast sync . 
  seems like a cool solution . 
  i wonder why it has n't been implemented up to now . 
  i will try it with some games because tearing is a deal breaker for me . 
  i 'd rather not play than play with tearing . 
  tearing is the reason vsync exists . 
  it occurs when part of the screen shows one frame and the other part shows the next frame . 
  you can notice it when the screen moves fast horizontally . 
  in shooters you have to move the mouse left and right to see it and in sc you need to move the view horizontally ( easier to see if you drag on the minimap ) . 
  it looks like a horizontal line across the screen . 
  the faster the movement the worse the effect . 
  too bad g-sync monitors are so expensive :(,
