  i actually make ef dump every query in the output window when running in debug so i can check if i like the sql . 
  unreal - the most demanding game when released, 
  blood 2 - the most demanding game when released, 
  doom 3 - the most demanding game when released, 
  crysis - the most demanding game when released, 
  it is demanding in other ways specifically memory . 
  in mmos they can cheat in many ways because aiming correctly is not important, 
  i could easily give much more examples . 
  you are od course correct that one can make non-pretty shooter but the expectations for shooters are higher so the market may react negatively . 
  in addition shooters require precise input and higher fps . 
  wow on 30 fps is reasonable but overwatch will not be . 
  as a programmer seeing this thread `` wtf ? 
  what sub am i browsing ? '', 
  - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unit_testing, 
  with these specs and playing on low graphics why the hell would vsync cause lag . 
  i play on vsync because i ca n't stand tearing on high to ultra graphics on slightly slower machine and do not experience any lag ( on win 8.1 and win 7 on another machine ) . 
  more than 10 years ago in irc i was defending the position that progamer was a real profession . 
  there was a guy that was laughing at me and making fun of me for writing `` programmer '' instead of `` progamer '' at some point ( i still doubt i did this but even if i did a typo so what ? ) . 
  he proceeded to call me a programmer to make fun of me ( and of progaming as a profession ) despite that i did not claim to be either a progamer or a programmer . 
  interestingly he still thought this was funny 3 years later to make fun of me for ( supposedly ) making a typo . 
  at that point i was already a professional programmer but he still thought he would insult me by calling me a programmer ... 
  tasteless is the best , period . 
  although i mc could be better if he starts casting in english . 
  i think people are overestimating the importance of the coreclr open source release . 
  i do n't see the open source people moving to . net or even recommending and choosing . net when they are in a decision making position . 
  i expect them to praise it but still choose non-ms tech . 
  on the other hand who knows maybe the hype will result in some actual adoption ... 
  i do n't get these arguments . 
  if everybody follows the license restrictions and economic models of open source and open source is underfunded or profits are distributed unfairly ( whatever that means ) then it is not corporations ( or other non-contributing users ) that are to blame . 
  it is the open source model itself . 
  it wo n't be free software anymore if it used such a license . 
  it will be much closer to commercial software . 
  true . 
  casting is usually the result of someone not understanding generics , 
  on a side note 90 % of the usages of `` as '' i have seen in real world code have been wrong . 
  not direct answer but i feel i need to post this video both because it is related and because it is of really high quality - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yx40hbahx3s, 
  yeah i know . 
  i do n't base my opinion on any facts i just do n't see why anyone would use asp.net after this release if he was n't going to use it before . 
  i know this is anecdotal but i am simply not seeing those devs . 
  now a few thousand devs is just invisible number of devs compared to those running mono . 
  that may happen but it is insignificant . 
  i always thought naming it after ryu was a mistake . 
  blankajit would n't have failed like this . 
  sadly i do n't know a word of japanese despite being huge street fighter fan . 
  i know this is the least important thing but can people stop writing all_caps public constant in . net code and violate conventions ? 
  please !, 
  i think it was both . 
  he heard about football fans being racists ( and as far as i know football hooligans in most european countries are racist ) and he reinforced his belief that all poles are racists using the literal translation of `` black work '', 
  if you are offended by such things you should not have become nani fan . 
  donate to white-ra , grubby or someone else who is known for being nice . 
  interestingly i want to visit poland now . 
  i mean more than before . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  interesting fact is that private constants in the framework itself are often all_caps probably because they used some java or c++ convention in the early days before settling on . net convention . 
  i thought you were copying them  of course private conventions do n't matter as much because they only affect the team working on the project . 
  i stopped being a fan after he trashed his games at wcs when he was to stop playing . 
  this is in my opinion the ultimate disrespect - towards the opponent , the game and the fans . 
  believe me i know . 
  in bulgarian we have the same expression and it is n't racist at all although our language does contain a lot of racist expressions this is certainly not one of them . 
  for example we have `` ciganska rabota '' ( gypsy work ) which refers to either a job that has been done badly ( to a degree that it is not what the parties agreed on ) or to a scam . 
  `` cherna rabota '' ( black work ) is just work that is unpleasant and refers to the dirt on one 's hands after doing it . 
  of course convention is decided per project but it is quite absurd to decide on a convention significantly different from the convention of the framework you are using . 
  especially in the . net world where libraries are highly consistent with the conventions of the . net framework it would n't be wise to invent your own . 
  convention for private members are pretty much per project thing since you do not see the private members of libraries you use so inconsistencies do not matter . 
  these are the framework design guidelines - https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms229042 ( v = vs. 110 ) . aspx, 
  interestingly this version does not contain anything on constants but i am certain the expanded version does , 
  yes the framework design guidelines are this general convention . 
  ( sorry edited my comment ) . 
  in this video they say that they do not use all_caps - https://channel9.msdn.com/blogs/pdc2008/pc58?wt.mc_id=player ( around 51:00 ), 
  i suggest 5 year moratorium . 
  in that time all new web features should be about portability between different screen sizes and input methods ( after all the web is supposed to be universal and currently it requires different code for everything ) . 
  browser vendors should spend this time on security and stability which are just tragic . 
  what was wrong with the ie6 era ? 
  maybe it was not good for the web but i remember programs ( we did n't call them apps back then ) that were reasonably fast , did n't crash and did not have weird visual quirks . 
  now the most popular im client is embedded in a website and it crashes but i can restart it very fast with f5 . 
  we have optimized for brokenness . 
  i was referring to facebook chat . 
  all the desktop programs of the past ( icq , msn , yahoo messenger ) provided better experience than facebook chat in my opinion . 
  and honestly i ca n't remember a single time ie6 crashed on me in real world usage that was n't flash . 
  i have seen a bunch of pages designed specifically to crash ie6 but on a normal page i have never experienced a non-flash crash . 
  nothing of course . 
  in fact it is native on mobile . 
  where we are not that conditioned to broken software ( especially on ios ), 
  as i said the time was not good for the web but the software was better . 
  msdn account is not required . 
  you can register with just microsoft account . 
  as credit goes this is true but there are free websites in azure . 
  in general for certain types of applications ( and i would expect hackaton apps to be of this type ) deploying to azure is easier than not deploying to azure ( i.e. 
  with regular hosting provider you need to setup deployment but with azure it is already built in in visual studio ), 
  microsoft ruined everything with the boring hasflag method . 
  before . net 4.0 i was the badass who understood bitwise operations and other people in the office came to ask me what certain enum operation does . 
  now they can do it themselves :(, 
  the only reason other early games attack do not kill is because the maps are absurdly large . 
  i simply do n't understand why every game should start with expand or even include expanding . 
  by having it already setup for azure in the default installation . 
  the azure account is the ms account that you use to login into vs anyway and in my experience setting up azure account is easier than hosting account . 
  i have found an easy way around this . 
  i build apps for windows phone , 
  do you know what the class at berkeley was about ? 
  because i watched a couple of videos and read sirlin 's articles about it .
