  if it is the first what 's surprising about that ? 
  if it is the second then ... nevermind . 
  i have n't worked professionally with either of these but i 've had a look at some projects and i do think that asp classic is better than php of the time which would be php 3 and for some time php 4, 
  well ok i might be wrong on classic asp . 
  i know if someone forces me to work with php 3/4 or asp classic i would go for asp classic . 
  the api seemed so much more saner . 
  even then by 2000 there were like 10 options better than php . 
  open source is for sissies . 
  real men patch managed code , binaries , minified js or whatever they have . 
  do n't forget that it is good to have low-risk by having the language compile to human-readable javascript . 
  if typescript disappears tomorrow users will be able to continue to maintain their codebase . 
  i do n't think any other compile to js language has this extremely important feature that makes adoption such a no brainer . 
  real men can take the downvotes from sissies not getting their sarcasm , 
  the code for . net has been open source ( but not free software ) for 6-7 years . 
  i am sure this is exactly how raymond fucking chen patched microsoft money he just does not see the need to mention it - http://blogs.msdn.com/b/oldnewthing/archive/2012/11/13/10367904.aspx, 
  me too . 
  especially the results . 
  although i am sure there are more of us but most do n't hang on reddit that much . 
  i do n't know about pro level but i am sure all the way up to masters this is not true . 
  i also feel at least as fast as i was when i was 15 or 20 and maybe even faster . 
  i am 31 now . 
  i consider everyone who did not play dune 2 and did not play competitive warcraft ii a youngster , 
  only if you played dune 2 after that , 
  that 's red alert . 
  it does n't count , 
  at that old age do you often find yourself thinking about your own mortality ? 
  myth : tfl is a great game ( i am sad i never got a chance to play multiplayer ) but it is quite new . 
  you are a toddler if you started with myth . 
  your prize is that we can talk as adults , 
  now it depends on the level of play but for the highest level i would bet on nestea . 
  for less popular rts it is entirely possible that people up in their 40s won . 
  i would say that the physical limit is 50s but video games did not exist at the time so experience ca n't compensate for speed . 
  gaming wise you are so young ... no dune , no warcraft ii, 
  mc vs jd please !, 
  and by `` figured out '' we mean `` the maps were made insanely big , the expansions got a choke point to be easily defendable '' . 
  basically the powers that be forced mechanical macro play on everyone as fast as they could . 
  i find it absurd that any tournament would not invite maru . 
  i suspect he just refuses . 
  yeah ... so solved . 
  good players can play with frozen screen with only sound . 
  i assume the screen freeze bug is shared with heroes of the storm since it is engine bug . 
  i am very sad my particular skills are in demand mainly in fiat and i ca n't seem to find anything suitable on / r/jobs4bitcoin . 
  i guess c # and other ms related tech is not very popular with btc enthusiasts , 
  hmm and i thought i had faulty hardware ... 
  that 's strange . 
  i wonder how a graphics bug is in one but not the other . 
  if you are prepared to give money you can get codelens in ultimate , 
  my favorite part of peek definition is that they put it on the same place in the menu that go to definition used to be . 
  i have a habit of navigating to definition with the mouse so i was surprised to find that i was doing it without any learning . 
  beautiful example of design for usability . 
  several thousand dollars for xamarin tools is still better than javascript , objective-c and even java . 
  everyone is free to choose his own misery . 
  the only thing that determines if someone should hand over his business card is the value he produces for the company . 
  if developers who bought into ide integration , xamarin tools , the windows platform or whatever manage to compete in the market they are doing things right ( enough ) . 
  it is a kind of feedback . 
  it can help devs determine the sweet spot of their pricing . 
  btw i do n't like the sense of entitlement or comparison to other tools when bitching about prices . 
  however bitching alone can help both parties . 
  your comment made me realize i should not read this article . 
  that may be true or not but if companies that use ides have not gone bankrupt then this means that at least for some cases ides are good enough if not better . 
  let alone that if i was a manager for a project with 20 + developers i would put very hard mandate on the tools including not only ides but also operating systems . 
  i guess this is why java and . net with their ides are so popular in those 20 + people companies known as enterprises . 
  i do n't see how this is the end result . 
  well people moan to give feedback to developers . 
  now why this is posted here and why people upvote it ( i downvoted ) is beyond me and i would actually benefit from cheaper xamarin tools . 
  certainly if something is profitable that is a better indicator than your personal opinion . 
  in addition you can hardly compare cvs to ide-driven development because the latter is in practice more than half of the industry and has offered after the tools you suggest existed . 
  people migrated from command line tools to ides not the other way around . 
  of course that does not mean ides are better on an absolute scale just that your csv example is flawed . 
  i do n't know how things worked out in the west but i do n't know a single company here ( easter europe ) where managers forced a switch to c # or java . 
  i was taught c++ for years before even seeing c # and i chose to try to become professional c # developer because i was more productive in c # than c++ after literally a week and the main reason was the ide . 
  wtf did that mean and what does it have to do with what i said ? 
  have n't read the spec yet but pattern-matching ( and records/tuple syntax support ) is definitely on the top of my wishlist for c # features . 
  hmmm i did n't know that . 
  for some reason i have the habit of writing switch statement like this, 
  switch ( dayofweek ), 
  case dayofweek.friday : < -- no body , fall-through allowed, 
  case dayofweek.saturday :, 
  case dayofweek.sunday :, 
  console.writeline ( `` weekend !, 
  } break ;, 
  default :, 
  console.writeline ( `` week day '' ) ;, 
  } break ;, 
  because i think it is more clear visually ( i put braces on one line if bodies too ) but i guess i solved this problem as a side effect . 
  on the other hand switch statement was a useless construct anyway . 
  the issue becomes interesting now that it will work with pattern matching and will therefore add a real benefit . 
  yeah but it is worth being written in some cases . 
  for example it is not obvious how async/await are useful for web apps . 
  unless someone explains the overhead of threads in a web app it looks useless . 
  first of all none of this is in the language yet and this kind of experiments is exactly what roslyn is for . 
  i like your argument about the new features being bad because your coworkers are using them , 
  i think this is a reference to the stereotype of russia going to war or something not about the actual games . 
  yeah i know but still i think it is a reference to politics especially with counter-strike and the phone game that refers to the way they drive . 
  why is everyone doing stupid bronze to masters series ? 
  what 's so interesting about being actual masters and stomping low-league players ? 
  company of heroes was a great rts game . 
  in fact i thought coh had more potential and was more interesting game than sc ( 2 ) . 
  sadly they chose to dig down into their ww2 realism niche instead of promoting competitive play . 
  i boycotted them after they decided to add two factions instead of allowing mirror matchups ( supposedly mirror matches were not realistic ) and did not play the expansion nor coh2 .
