  it is leaky `` by all bullshit examples , tutorials and courses you find online '' . 
  just for the record ms got sued by sun not by oracle . 
  i wonder why xamarin bought robovm to begin with . 
  i somehow doubt that they bought it to shut down a competitor but i may be wrong on this . 
  i would assume it was talent acquisition but nobody would say it publicly . 
  lets see if the robovm stay with ms or leave . 
  i want to know the answers to these questions . 
  it is such a juicy drama . 
  sadly i doubt anyone involved would shed light on this :(, 
  for the first time since ballmer microsoft do something that makes business sense as opposed to pure pr actions . 
  what does requiring speed for overload upgrades actually mean ? 
  each overlord is upgraded individually but requires that you research speed first ? 
  seems like removing drops for zerg . 
  better bring it back as a separate lair upgrade that affects all overloads . 
  individual overload upgrades only make sense if they are super low tier . 
  please if you nerf drops make sure you bring the full upgrade so we do not end up with a race with practically no drop option . 
  java was not open source back then and i think this makes the whole thing quite different from legal perspective . 
  in this case they skipped embrace and extend . 
  more like be - buy extinguish . 
  they wipe those tears with the money they got from selling the company . 
  why do n't they write unity3d ? 
  i mean why would indie games go for c++ over unity3d and more importantly why would they go for libgdx over unity3d ? 
  the larger and more established user base for a product the less sense it makes for a buyer to kill it . 
  it was a better java ( properties alone make it far better ) in 2003 but since 2005 it has gone its own way and added many useful features, 
  seems like he learned a valuable lesson so in a way he did invest in his education . 
  i do n't think warp gates are much of a problem but i find the msc super annoying and un-starcraft-y, 
  just for the record the problem ms is targeting is much harder to get right ( human level ) than the one google 's ai is attacking . 
  this is why google 's result appear much more impressive but make no mistake this bot is comparable piece of technology to google 's deep mind even if it seems silly if you only look at the end result . 
  in the case of sun vs ms ms were branding their product as java ( so basically they were calling it a jvm ) and the standard library was not open source either . 
  i am not saying that google are behind in this area just that this area is harder than playing go, 
  he could have promised free licenses for as long as the product exists with the same success , 
  xamarin were tricked into buying robovm ? 
  what does it have to do with linux ? 
  they are organizing the different flavors of . net so that people can target multiple versions more easily . 
  of course there is a bubble . 
  when you make borrowing money so cheap through government regulation and/or government subsidies you are bound to end in a bubble . 
  there is no way to get experience without experience . 
  you ca n't simply read your way to experience . 
  is your wife happy with your job ? 
  they are wrong . 
  sexual consent has a bunch of dedicated paper forms . 
  have n't they seen south park ? 
  i do n't see why any self driving car would run on a single cam . 
  why limit it and not add multiple cams from the start ? 
  i doubt a dashcam is enough for a car to become self-driving . 
  you will need to modify all the controls to allow the car to drive itself at which point you might as well install additional cameras . 
  so there you have it people . 
  the strategy works . 
  you are still in `` it depends '' land by virtue of supporting devices which do not support vp9 at all . 
  as long as the developer is concerned the browser can not play the thing if the js api reports that the media type is not supported . 
  i do n't see the difference between edge that has vp9 disabled because of lack of hardware acceleration and a version of edge that did n't yet support it or another browser that does not support it . 
  well it depends . 
  from the point of view of the user it ca n't play it since it will kill the battery . 
  now you may argue that these 20-80 % are not important but that is not your call to make . 
  if the user decides he can make the call by overriding the option but for people who do not know or want to make the choice ms are in charge and they need to set a conservative default . 
  the user has no idea what vp9 is but the user sure as hell knows what battery power is . 
  i have to imagine that it is not trivial work to enable it for actual desktops and not for laptops . 
  also they point to possible framerate drops in the absence of hardware acceleration on slower machines . 
  the user can decide it is just the default option that is disabled . 
  this is definitely not why people stopped doing this . 
  you do n't just javascript your site for speed . 
  if anything chances are you will end up with slower website . 
  i never said ( in this thread ) that js is slow . 
  however my javascript framework is bloated . 
  just like those websites that without javascript that were atrociously slow . 
  also i am pretty sure the javascriptification of everything started with animations , pointless ajax request for shit i did n't want to see ( like ads ) , etc. 
  people started doing ajax not because it was needed but simply because they could . 
  lets hope that 7500 of these 12000 are from this division - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/intel_security, 
  i think this is the third time i see this posted on reddit, 
  i have a friend who complains about the quality of their software ( he maintains it infrastructure ) but the main reason is that i do not care about the quality of their av software but i do care about the quality of their cpus . 
  i 'd hate to see the headcount reduced on the hardware side . 
  sure but as a desktop cpu customer it would take decades before anyone could take over intel even if they tried which they may not . 
  more likely they will go into iot , mobile , etc. 
  does imposter syndrome apply if you feel that you are good enough but super lazy or if you feel like you are the laziest you really are lazy ? 
  on the machine i play add/remove program does say 50gb , have n't checked the actual folder though . 
  will try to reinstall these days to see if it helps since this install is from wol, 
  oh , i 've always wanted to work with standards mandated by the european commission . 
  what better way to build great software than follow the wise guidance of the government ? 
  why not go to interviews just to test your skills ? 
  i see this as a good thing . 
  i would like an old school shooter , thank you in advance , romero . 
  yeah . 
  this principle was proven empirically to do more damage than good . 
  the proof is called html, 
  in my team i am the one trying to make people write explicit types following rules much like the ones outlined in the article in c # code which is much closer to java than his typescript and scala examples . 
  however his examples are pure bullshit . 
  the first issue can only hit you if you call a method accepting object which in practice happens almost never . 
  the second issue can hit you only if you never run your code . 
  his point about finding out the type is also moot because the ide shows the type when you hover over the var keyword . 
  no need to go to the method definition ( which will not tell you the generic argument anyway ) . 
  the lack of explicit typing does reduce code readability but i have never ever seen it cause an actual bug and the readability is not reduced as much as the author claims and this is why i have a hard time teaching people to not write `` var '', 
  the technology for lan still not there yet but paid skins coming with the first expansion . 
  and my five hydras kill all the mutas 1 by 1, 
  even if we assume decision making is on point on high level ( which is a biiiiig assumption ) why do you think the ai would have this perfect decision making ? 
  `` never '' is quite a long time . 
  let 's be realistic - will need a couple of years to learn by trial and error . 
  there was a sc1 bot who constantly moved the attacked mutalisk away and returning it to attack immediately . 
  actually it was a bit more complex calculating `` forces '' . 
  the mutas looked like a swarm of flies, 
  but i am creative and do not play the standard pure infestor/viper build,
