  i do n't get it . 
  what are we looking at here ? 
  while chances are that the person asking the question is misguided the question itself is not stupid and it is possible to optimize . net code by hand-writing cil . 
  there are tools that rewrite cil to make it more optimized ( for example by replacing configuration values or aggressively caching results from methods that are marked as pure ) . 
  if there are tools it can be done by hand . 
  we should n't really laugh at him for this . 
  i remember once in an irc channel there was a bot that had a list of supposedly stupid things people said in the channel . 
  one of those things was a person asking if delphi had variables . 
  now it seems like the person who added this to the bot thought the other one was stupid because he assumed that all programming languages have variables . 
  now if you know that not all programming languages have variables the question about delphi is not stupid at all . 
  on the other hand we can assume that everyone who is familiar with languages without variables knows that delphi does in fact have variables but this does not make the whole thing funny . 
  the last season was far more broken than anything in hots . 
  the insane league distribution percentages are unique to the season that just ended . 
  hots changed a lot of things but the last season was a wreckage on its own and i am perfectly sure they did change things . 
  i do n't think this is true since the drop this season was drastic and sudden resulting in more than double increase of the lower leagues percentagewise . 
  not really . 
  i do n't see why the league percentages in higher and lower leagues shifted so much . 
  i understand why people play with other people not at their skill level ( decay ) but why would the league percentages shift and do so suddenly and in such a sweeping manner ? 
  interestingly enough if you play 1 game every 4 weeks you can easily get from masters to bronze in a season, 
  one thing i can say to people who value `` skill '' of this kind : `` fuck you ! '', 
  go play dune 2 ( wonderful game btw ) where you have to give commands to each individual unit separately . 
  this will be perfect for the type of `` skill '' you are impressed with . 
  think brood war was hard ? 
  dune 2 players laugh at you !, 
  that 's quite interesting hypothesis but it sounds remarkably stupid to base the leagues on mmr value and not on percentages . 
  on the other hand i ca n't exclude the possibility of the person who designs the ladder being stupid considering his creation 's current state, 
  well it seems simple . 
  if you break into the top x % you are placed in a certain league . 
  if you are out of the top x % you are moved to a lower league where the value you compare is the mmr, 
  we can say that they have monopoly in the field of tools for writing android and ios apps with c # . 
  100 % of android and ios apps written in c # are written with xamarin tools . 
  if you define a narrow enough niche you can easily find monopoly , 
  it is a lie, 
  they should make it the same . 
  remind me why do we have leagues again, 
  and in your opinion what is the reason we have leagues to begin with ? 
  perfect , is n't it ? 
  you just have to mentally convert your relative skill to the old scale and all is fine . 
  if they wanted more meaningful leagues they should have introduced new ones from the top . 
  people do n't like being demoted for no reason . 
  then their algorithm is remarkably stupid . 
  what is so hard about putting x % of players in certain league and the next y % in the next league ? 
  no matter how many players you get you have the same relative distribution . 
  what is more if they ca n't do that they should just remove the leagues . 
  the whole point of leagues is to give people a sense of progress and right now they do the opposite . 
  ok you got me . 
  monopoly in the field of writing gui apps for ios and android with native platform widgets un c # , 
  they could still redistribute people to their appropriate leagues at the start of the season . 
  even if someone camps masters with 1game per season he can be demoted at the start of the next season . 
  the lack of mid season demotions is not a reason to base leagues of anything but percentages . 
  oracle speed should be buffed !, 
  i 'd rather see the original wol launch pool . 
  so much more fun than the current situation . 
  no it is not . 
  i do n't care if you win or lose in the wcs qualifiers as long as i get to watch interesting games . 
  when i say `` interesting '' i mean not the same `` nice macro game '' that i have seen 10000 times already . 
  your assertion is not true . 
  protoss players did expand on xel ` naga caverns . 
  on the other hand even if what you say is true i still think it is a very positive change . 
  everything that diversifies the pool of strategies is good and players who try to play different maps the same way should be punished . 
  so go for 3 gate sentry expand , what 's the problem ? 
  i wish i could refuse to play on the map that they decided to clone countless times and play the diverse wol launch pool instead but sadly i wo n't be playing any sc at all if i did that :(, 
  what changed the most was the maps . 
  btw at the time protoss players did 3 gate sentry expand . 
  now you can do it with 2 gates because of the mothership core . 
  i actually do n't see any reason why this style can not return on this type of map . 
  leagues should not mean `` something '' . 
  they should mean exactly the same thing they have always meant no matter if it is good or bad since changing it is actually the worst they can do . 
  best thing would be to have a diverse map pool where you choose you strategy based on the map and not based on the current meta . 
  that may be true ( although i am not sure it is ) but is it easier to solve a map pool that contains only big maps or a map pool that contains all kinds of maps ? 
  hell , i still want to see air maps in the map pool and i wo n't mind steppes of war coming back . 
  you have the option to remove the map from the ladder . 
  i do n't have the option to bring back the original wol map pool that i liked far more than the current cloned maps . 
  i personally could n't care less about the `` skill level of macro games '' . 
  i want to see creative strategies , interesting cheese openings and games that are unpredictable and force the players to think on their feet rather than repeat what they practiced . 
  is this how it works ? 
  i never removed any map . 
  yes a lot of things changed and we are not sure how different play styles would work on smaller maps with all these changes . 
  we 'd better test . 
  so blizzard better do something to bring back 1 base play ... , 
  hmm strange . 
  probably to avoid long search times . 
  if we agree that we do n't want to ever see one base play then we can just fix the maps and make players start with 2 bases . 
  why waste time ? 
  edit : to be honest pvp is the only matchup i find significantly more interesting now than it was back then . 
  i feel every other matchup has become more boring . 
  on the other hand i am not sure if pvp would be the same even on smaller maps with the increased warp gate time and the mothership core . 
  how do we know that 99 % will veto the non-standard maps ? 
  some of the most creative strategies i have seen were invented on steppes of war . 
  the 12 drones rush was amazing . 
  if people who pay ( directly or by buying products ) to watch tournaments become bored by `` nice macro game '' every game things may become hard for everyone . 
  do n't worry i have heard people who are really good at programming complain about the leap motion 's sdk . 
  seems like the product itself is immature and not recognizing gestures the same way every time . 
  wait !, 
  go has taken off faster than dart ? 
  in general ? 
  for the same time period ? 
  btw i do n't know a single person who has used either language in real world project . 
  always a pleasure to listen to gilad speak , 
  i 'm actually old enough to remember this buzzword .
