  in fact i have downvoted threads about asp.net ( the technology i work with ) because they were uninteresting for me , let alone people not working with the tech . 
  in fact i would downvote this thread if i did n't feel the comments were interesting . 
  the original blogpost on his msdn blog had a great discussion in the comments that i think influenced their decision to take the breaking change . 
   you sound like you just learned programming, 
  anything but this . 
  i never wanted it . 
  i was pretty sad when they did it . 
  on the other hand i really ca n't understand why we ca n't have a map pool of 20 maps with both tournament maps and the dreampool or whatever crazy maps we want . 
  give more vetos and give more maps - everyone is happy . 
  maybe i got it wrong but i do not see how upvoting like 90 % of the posts will result in a better reddit because after all very few posts here are low quality . 
  most will interest a couple of users so we should just upvote everything and get something like an rss feed ? 
  i do not see much use in that . 
  but in a way this is what i do . 
  i do n't think technology specific things belong to / r/programming . 
  i think they belong to the specific subreddits while / r/programming is for things that may interest programmers with different backgrounds . 
  very often articles about frameworks , languages and technologies contain something useful for people who do not use them . 
  i mean there is a whole language which is useless according to it 's creator and so many people take interest in haskell . 
  so the personal opinion of a former exec is somehow representative of what microsoft is or was ? 
  also he is n't even anti-bitcoin he simply does n't believe it will be successful . 
  it is not like he said `` if bitcoin succeeds terrorists will win '' or something like this . 
  marineking is a counter example . 
  he first got 2nd place in the gsl and then learned how to build a factory . 
  from what i have read chile is the shining example of capitalism working . 
  they had pinochet to get there but they ended up better than neighboring countries . 
  i would really like to visit some day . 
  too bad it is half a globe away from where i live and i ca n't really think of a reason to go there . 
  i hope they host a dreamhack there , 
  i 'd rather take my chances with you than live in the countries with no inequality like the ussr , north korea and other pleasant places . 
  i am not defending tortures or political murders but the other version had all of these and more ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor ) and ended up in a worse position . 
  edit : i just realized that you may have thought i said pinochet was cool . 
  this is not the case . 
  what i meant was `` sadly they had to suffer through pinochet '' . 
  that being said i 'd still take pinochet over stalin , mao and the kims . 
  well we agree that dictators murdering thousands is bad , no matter which economic system they protect . 
  interestingly the leftist politics has significantly more of these and on a significantly larger scale . 
  if we forget history and look at todays numbers chile beats uruguay on every number i can find . 
  now of course i do not know what it is to live in these countries so the median ( as opposed to average ) citizen of uruguay might be better off than chile . 
  however if for whatever reason i had to choose to move to one of these countries i would take chile . 
  i also admit that i do not know much about uruguay economy and political system . 
  maybe they stand just a bit more to the left than chile . 
  btw how is the geography of uruguay compared to chile . 
  as far as i know chile has no natural resources and has a lot of severe earthquakes ( which means buildings are significantly more expensive ) . 
  this makes chile 's economic success even more impressive . 
  i do not wish to defend the us but i am sure that if you compare the number of deaths produced by communists and those produced by the us the us will be by far the lesser evil . 
  you are free to add hitler to the us if you feel like it , the communists still win . 
  and as someone who lived under `` equality '' in the 80s i want none of it . 
  i want no minimum wage , no free healthcare ( i live in bulgaria and we have free healthcare ... 
  i wish we did n't because the free healthcare seems more like no healthcare ) . 
  i am undecided on free college but at the same time i am convinced that education prices in the us are a scam . 
  there is comparable , paid education in other parts of the world that does not cost nearly as much . 
  on the other hand i do not feel sorry for the people who took a hundred thousand dollars of student loans to get a degree in ... women studies, 
  btw is there emmigration from uruguay to the us ? 
  how about from us to uruguay ? 
  shhht !, 
  microsoft is trying to cheat everybody into not hating their new version of ie by renaming it and you just told everybody what they really did . 
  thanks that was very educational . 
  sometimes i randomly choose a country and read the series of history articles on wikipedia . 
  i once did that for chile and i promise next time it will be uruguay . 
  i did not know about the copper export but i do not think the other exports can be considered natural resource . 
  i mean they cultivate the salmon and develop the agriculture . 
  it is not like they found agriculture there like you find oil . 
  btw you are correct about the mentality of corruption and also the mentality of `` equality '' ( i.e. 
  people feel entitled to have the state find them a job ) . 
  this is in my opinion the biggest problem with eastern block countries on the balkans . 
  as i see it the best way to fight corruption is by having very small state . 
  if the state does not own anything it ca n't be stolen . 
  while there is truth to corruption being a culture thing it makes sense to have a smaller state while the corruption is fixed . 
  and even then there is always some level of corruption in every culture . 
  but more importantly i firmly believe that bigger state makes the citizens more dependent on it and i can see this even in eu where the social state has not gone bankrupt yet . 
  there are increasingly large portion of the population that just chooses not to work . 
  what started like something designed to help upward movement ended up as something that people consider their birthright and actually refuse to move and instead demand more . 
  if this happens in countries like germany then the idea is not that good . 
  i am not excited about naniwa comeback at all . 
  i was a big supporter because he took things seriously and actually trained a lot which most foreigners simply do not . 
  however his behavior in tournaments is unacceptable . 
  the community is larger than any single player . 
  i do not wish to see more talented players who destroy the important things e-sports stands for - respect , friendship , competition . 
  still stupid . 
  now someone will commit a comment or something to make it pass . 
  i am referring to the games in tournaments he threw away . 
  this includes the nestea game and the last tournament . 
  viewership because someone made something stupid is not my idea of a great game . 
  i think that last dh with the cs scandal had a great viewership for cs , did n't it ? 
  maybe i got it wrong . 
  i still think my way results in more useful reddit but if these are the rules i will not downvote based on this anymore . 
  yes . 
  hell i am not sure i believe in it and i do want to believe . 
  i really do n't see why they shy away from deprecating existing collections and introducing new ones with proper generics . 
  as far as i understand flag day refers to the option of changing the implementation of the current collections not to introducing new ones . 
  i do n't understand where that pressure would come from . 
  the old collections will continue to work and they may even not mark them as deprecated . 
  the transition will happen gradually . 
  i understand that . net had fewer users when they dis this but still nobody was in any rush . 
  people just started using the new collections and that 's it . 
  they shared a bunch of interfaces like ienumerable and ilist which provided some backward compatibility and things went smoothly . 
  c # is a very wide language ( lots of features ) but not very deep . 
  surprisingly most of c # 's features do not step on each others toes or if they do they are extremely useful . 
  for example in java checked exceptions are a feature that affects nearly every part of the language for dubious value . 
  but this is not a breaking change this is an additional feature . 
  the old collections will not be gone .
