  what do you mean ? 
  tried to follow good old metro design that was far prettier than the new windows 10 stuff . 
  i really like how it looks although so much pictures make it lag a bit on phones with a small amount of memory . 
  just diversify your positions . 
  hodl some btc , some fiat , some gold . 
  if you have most of your funds in btc then sure sell some , if you have 0 btc go buy some . 
  challenge accepted, 
  i was thinking of buying when it was $ 30 and i thought that it might reach like $ 100 so i wanted to invest a hundred dollars in like 3 btc . 
  however at the time it was hard to buy ( at least where i live and with my banks ) and i decided that the trouble is n't worth it for that small of an investment and i was n't ready to invest more . 
  too bad i was so lazy :( i later bought 1btc at around $ 600 and later saw it fall to $ 200 but kept hodling . 
  we know , 
  sigh ... 
  i 'd pay 3 times the price of each skin to not see it . 
  please blizzard implement this microtransaction . 
  the 3d ui for unix ? 
  this guy is a microsoft hater and a troll . 
  stop feeding him , 
  well ... assuming that the whole goal of microtransactions is continued revenue for blizzard to support the game then this is the microtransaction that i would like to pay for . 
  great article . 
  i love this part, 
   let 's step back a bit and figure out what a type is . 
  it 's really a restriction on the values allowed . 
  it can have things like methods and whatnot dangling off it , but that 's not so important here . '', 
  literally laughing out loud . 
  now i have to go and read the daily wtf to convince myself i 'm not shit programmer, 
  sorry , i 'm not that brilliant . 
  what was it supposed to be ? 
  ahahahaha i have read the article two times and seen it referenced a hundred more . 
  never noticed the missing i , 
  it is still not obvious if nadella 's strategy will be success . 
  surely c # would be more popular if it were cross-platform but would ms make more money ? 
  they can go the open source route but if you are not careful going all open source and free you may end up being bought by oracle like that other open-source company . 
  parallel processing on the cpu is a dead end . 
  just forget about it . 
  many cores will be used on the server for processing web requests in parallel but for actual apps it is either the gpu or single thread . 
  as i said in the comments, 
  if you want to develop in . net you go windows , if you want to use office you go windows , if you want to do graphics and design you go windows , if you want to play or develop games you go windows , if you want to relax on your convertible with touch you go windows . 
  you go linux if you do none of these . 
  so yeah 3-4 % market share . 
  resources are not a big problem . 
  i just buy more ram , faster cpu and faster ssd . 
  now i am not in love with windows . 
  in fact i find the topic of oss very boring . 
  people often come and ask me how to do something in windows because they assume i must know if i use windows . 
  they think i share their passion for researching operating system features just that it is for windows instead of linux . 
  the truth is i do n't give a fuck . 
  i was never curious to learn linux and i ca n't find a reason to even try it ( i have tried it once for 2 days 10 years ago but forgot to boot under it after a while ) . 
  i have 3 machines - one at work where i do . net development ( for most people that would be ms office ) , one at home for gaming and one in the couch in front of the tv where i type this comment . 
  the latter is a touch-enabled convertible and i would never ever buy a notebook without touch again . 
  i am addicted to the degree that i sometimes touch my desktop monitors having forgotten that they do not have touch . 
  i literally can not use linux anywhere without severely downgrading my experience for the things i use computers for . 
  i disagree . 
  in my opinion things are open sourced to avoid losing market share . 
  you do it when you have no other choice . 
  they are open sourcing c # to avoid irrelevance not because they would increase windows apps . 
  and why would they increase the amount of windows apps , the desktop part is not even ported/open-sourced, 
  i am only comparing windows to linux here . 
  mac definitely has more uses ( also has ms office and more games ) . 
  this is all proportional to the market share of the 3 oss . 
  fighting ? 
  i am defending my choice and explaining how someone can be in tech , know about linux , have reasonable iq and still use windows exclusively and happily . 
  they open source it because these days you ca n't build an ecosystem around a language alone . 
  these are not the 90s , the ecosystems are much bigger . 
  i am not saying it is a bad idea to open source stuff . 
  i am saying that you 'd better have a plan behind it . 
  i am not sure nadella has any plan for actually making money ( although azure is working pretty well for him for some reason ), 
  i am not sure he is better than ballmer . 
  ballmer had the numbers and delivered better products in my opinion . 
  now would i want c # to be open source ? 
  of course i do , it makes me more employable but i also wish we still had windows phones , and windows 10 was n't total crap that had to be given away for free so someone would use it upon release . 
  btw i hope everyone realizes open sourcing . net was a decision taken under ballmer but announced under nadella unless you believe the whole thing took a month . 
  windows 8.1 was great . 
  if i could choose i 'd take 8 any day over 10 ( assuming the software and hardware support was released for both ) . 
  i kind of like vista but i bought a monster machine with 2gb of ram and upgraded to 4 a year later . 
  vista was bad the first year while nvidia got their driver shit together adapting to the new driver model . 
  windows 7 is essentially rebranded vista with the benefit of 4 years of hardware and driver development . 
  windows 10 had terrible browser ( now mostly fixed although still slightly behind on tablets ) and far worse touch ui ( still significantly worse although some improvements were made ) , was incredibly buggy ( vista level buggy ), 
  and how does making c # open source help with that ? 
  i do n't know why the stupid 2mbs were n't approved last year . 
  it certainly can work because increasing the blocksize has worked in the past . 
  the people who were so worried about decentralization could have admitted that they do not have solution today and given themselves more time for the lightening network to arrive . 
  i mean it is an increase to 2mb not unbound blocksize . 
  those shops could have used azure with java , ruby , python , php , etc. 
  obviously it is not . 
  agreed . 
  i still do n't like expression bodied properties though and expression bodied methods are in my opinion abomination . 
  what i dislike about the monadic null checking ( come on reddit i thought we agreed on this name when the feature was announced ! ), 
  is that it provokes people to use more nulls . 
  harder to distinguish syntax elements , 2 different syntaxes for the same thing with no real value . 
  i agree with this as default policy . 
  if you accept null somewhere you should be able to explain why . 
  i recently built a wp app with a lot of properties on a single object . 
  i decided to leave them be null to save memory and to make initializing easier even though i 'd rather have empty lists . 
  it seems to me that lately the censorship is gone . 
  i however have had pretty mild comments supporting big blocks and even questions deleted in the past . 
  this pushed me to running full bu node at home and being ddosed for doing so just motivated me more . 
  i read the arguments and was on the fence but censorship pushed me to support the big blocks . 
  a guy on a forum misspelled the word because he was too excited . 
  became a meme . 
  another one that we love with similar origin but this time on reddit is `` this is gentlemen '',
