did this guy make a blog just to announce to the world that he is leaving . net ? 
  i almost feel like he submitted a patch at codeplex that got rejected because no one cared about the issue at hand and this hurt his feelings . 
  i read it but i did not commet on the article but on the fact tha this is the only article on the blog with more than 3 sentences . 
  so why should i prefer a web framework by a third party instead of first party ? 
  as a . net developer i can say this : i do n't care . 
  i 'm not interested in developing million frameworks for everything . 
  i not only do n't want to develop them i am actually not sure that i want them to exists and split the community and the know how . 
  i do n't find them useful and prefer fewer but tightly integrated options . 
  i understand that some people prefer choice and so they go for java . 
  what these people seems to miss is that not everybody prefers choice over tight integration . 
  btw the . net world is opening up in recent years and many alternative frameworks appear both from microsoft and from third parties . 
  soon we will be in a situation similar to the java situation and i do n't think i 'll like it . 
  microsoft and apple are not embracing it because if they do they are the ones that will get sued because they have more users . 
  it does not matter that the codec is open source and patent free ( which it may be not ) . 
  what is important is that ms and apple are gon na pay the legal fees and lose customers ( not to be confused with users ) who are worried about legal troubles . 
  by contrast firefox and chrome do not have customers . 
  they only have users . 
  i am sure if google or mozilla are challenged over vp8 and defend it in court ms and apple are gon na embrace it . 
  as the author of tfa i whole heartedly agree . 
  this discussion is much more interesting . 
  in fact the title of my article should be programig language typingdisciplines for beginners . 
  interestingly the people who are likely to discuss it on reddit are the ones who wo n't learn anything new from my article . 
  howeve it may help noobs understand the debates that end in flames , 
  http://us.battle.net/sc2/en/media/artwork#/portrait_thor this is the gallery link but it does not always open the right picture for me . 
  for those of you who do n't know who lemmy is :, 
  good find . 
  however looking at metzen 's picture ( http://starcraft.wikia.com/wiki/chris_metzen ) it seems like the thor pilot is much closer to the looks of lemmy than to the looks of this guy . 
  especially with the wart ... 
  me neither but lemmy is famous internetionally . 
  maybe you live in a country with no rock music , 
  whoever came up with this convertion must be shot, 
  on the bright side the . net developers are very happy , 
  symbian is still in the game for cheaper phones , is n't it ? 
  and handsome !, 
  well i guess it is in the . net 's developers best interest to see all other platforms go the way of the dodo someway because that will make them rich . 
  this deal is all about your personal conflict with the . net developers , 
  yes as will all projects . 
  the total number of projects and developers will be the same but the . net developers will be the one with the most experience and therefore will get more money . 
  go for the microsoft stack . 
  problem solved , 
  it does solve the part where you have to choose and make sure every part of the stack works with every other part of the stack . 
  for example you do n't evaluate databases you just pick sql server and you know that every feature . net has to offer fully works with sql server . 
  to all valve fans : the above was a joke . 
  please do not cut off your thumbs and send them to valve . 
  i know that it sounds as realistic proposal to you but it is not . 
  also it is not acceptable to cut other people 's thumbs , 
  non-crappy html 5 games do n't exist . 
  i think this rules out your example and all other examples i can think of except for tetris , 
  it may be easier for microsoft to make it but they will lose all the windows developers ( as you can plainly see by the linked forum thread ) and will gain exactly 0 other developers because html + js devs just hate ms with passion . 
  if ( and i do n't think they will ) ms does not provide at least equally good way to develop these tiles with . net and native code this will be a suicide . 
  so you think that the web community will suddenly love microsoft and will develop so many apps for windows 8 . 
  more than all the . net and c++ devs that 's been developing windows apps for years and will just go to ios ? 
  so you believe that more web developers will develop apps for the windows 8 touch screen than . net developers would ? 
  did i miss like 10 years in which web developers started to love microsoft ? 
  just a little bit  my point is that ms will win exactly 0 developers from this move but will likely lose thousands . 
  john carmack disagrees : http://www.geek.com/articles/games/john-carmack-finally-prefers-directx-to-opengl-20110311/, 
  well that and c # , 
  csc.exe is part of the . net framework, 
  true but i am not lulzsec customer . 
  i am company x customer so i demand they protect my data . 
  google are dirty cheesers !, 
  i normally do n't mind cheese but for google i 'll make an exception . 
  i find this company quite annoying especially their push to move every software to the web including games . 
  as a devoted blade runner fan i find it even more interesting where the phone got its name from . 
  in blade runner ( or the original novel do androids dream of electric sheep ) the androids are from the nexus series ( they happen to be generation 6 in the movie ) . 
  and google are releasing a phone named nexus with operating system android ... 
  clearly the ability to send all your workers to mineral patches manually and selecting 12 buildings to produce units individually is a skill that we all should get excited about . 
  to hell with strategy , timing , decision making , scouting and building economy . 
  it is so much more exciting to see players click on many buildings one by one . 
  yeah skill cieling at about 300 apm for each marine ( look at the other thread for the bots ), 
  if someone had told me an year ago that on this day football would still be more popular sport than starcraft ii i would n't believe . 
  what a shame we have n't overthrown the guys chasing a ball yet . 
  totally pointless and wrong . 
  first of all one match ( placement or not ) will not change the tide . 
  second there is no price or anything for getting into a certain league so you are not actually helping league is just a result of someone 's skill and you are not helping him improve his skill . 
  even worse if he is affected by the fact that he 'll drop a league and not skill then he needs to unerstand that it is not the icon that matters but the skill . 
  actually i was worried that i could end up in diamond in the new season and a friend of mine who is better than me offered to play the placement match for me but i said `` no '' because i am worried about my skill dropping not about my icon dropping . 
  some people just do n't get it ... 
  actually the guy should be offended . 
  he did n't even have a chance to play the game and try to win . 
  how is that ? 
  it seems like saying `` you have no chance to win otherwise so here is a free win '', 
  before you learn to win you must learn to lose . 
  otherwise you end up being an idra , 
  i actually e-mailed neal gafter about this and to my limited understanding of his explaination c # and the current java design are quite similar in that delegates are actually objects and not function types . 
  it seems like he believes that java should learn from the disadvantages of c # 's lambdas and avoid them ( much like c # learned from java 's disadvantages and avoided them in the beginning ) . 
  first of all i 'd like to point out that i 'm in no way an expert . 
  i 'm just a regular developer interested in programming language design and compilers . 
  i 've never worked on a non-university compiler project so do n't take my words as something to rely on . 
  so here is my understanding of what function type is ... basically it is the signature of the function ( i.e. 
  the return type plus the number of arguments , their type and order ) . 
  this means that different functions that have the same signatures would be of the same function type . 
  note that this is not true for sam types or for c # delegates because, 
  1 ) there is no difference between sam type representing function and normal generic class . 
  the generic arguments could be the return and argument types or something completely different . 
  2 ) sam types and delegates have names which means that even if the signature matches they are still distinct types . 
  i will paste a part of neal 's e-mail . 
  now unlike me he is one of the leading experts on lambdas in java and c # . 
  you can find much of this in the discussions on the mailing lists but i personally do n't understand everything so i 'll just quote it :, 
   incidentally , the main difference between using a sam type and a function type is the syntax you use to reference the type .
