  we did n't even try to turn starcraft into chess . 
  chess somehow survived thousands of years without any mechanics and is still interesting . 
  finally there is the fact that if the game is real time there will always be one more thing to do . 
  if one player can drop in three places at once the other will drop at four and still `` skill '' will win . 
  however there is a big difference between the skill required to mechanically click 20 gateways in sc1 one by one , or the skill required to mechanically stutter step marines and the skill required to drop in 3 places . 
  all of them require insane speed but the latter requires that you make decisions . 
  you have to evaluate the risk on every place you drop , you have to judge the position and place your armies on the right place and so on . 
  i am ok with promoting fast decisions , i am sad that we promote fast clicking instead . 
  and finally there was an article on tl that claimed that sc should be like football and in football everyone can invent the brilliant strategy of kicking from outside the penalty field in the upper left corner and score but very few people can pull it off and this is why viewers are impressed . 
  in chess everyone can make the move but very few people can think of it . 
  football is more popular and exciting than chess so sc should be like football . 
  i understood the logic perfectly . 
  the only problem is that i get excited by chess moves and find football quite boring . 
  i ca n't see how 2fa can prevent xss on the trading website . 
  maybe there is something i do n't understand but i do n't think 2fa is relevant here . 
  while being hacked is a problem with a certain exchange there is more important issue at play here . 
  op did see the e-mail and was savvy enough to follow security practices . 
  still the fact that wallet addresses are not human readable is a big problem . 
  you ca n't easily tell if you are being scammed . 
  there may be an use for something like dns for wallets . 
  is there such a thing ? 
  he was never figured out in my opinion . 
  he just does n't have the mechanics to play on a reasonable level anymore . 
  it was not the strategies that made him so strong it was brilliant understanding of the opponent . 
  i loved how he cheesed naniwa 4 times when everyone thought he would play macro . 
  he just played the player and the meta so well . 
  the limited information will only make the game more interesting . 
  for example in chess there is one best move in each situation ( maybe there are some equally good ) . 
  limited information means that the best move is not always the best . 
  as stated in my comment i do like some forms of micro . 
  i like them in the sense that i like when the player is forced to make a fast decision . 
  sc is still one of the most strategic and intelligent games i have played but larva injects , clicking on 20 gateways or stutter stepping marines are not the reason for that . 
  storm dropping is , 
  this is not what i understand when i say mechanics since hand speed and dexterity are not involved . 
  write articles and leave them to google . 
  post here if you have something sufficiently interesting . 
  this particular article would only be interesting if i had the particular problem right now . 
  neither are many of the rich people . 
  excluding the potential speculation with the price having small inflation forces people to use the currency instead of hoard it . 
  if it loses value you 'd better use it for trade if it gains value you 'd better just keep it and wait . 
  assuming the founders of the project do not abuse the system they can just reject bad contributions as they would normally do . 
  that can only happen if the maintainers try to abuse it themselves . 
  assuming only contributors who are not maintainers use this the maintainers can reject low quality commits as they would normally do . 
  when the game has limited information you place probabilities on moves to be the best move . 
  this is something that requires thinking not luck . 
  storm dropping requires like 2 decisions ( where to unload , what to storm ) and like 3 clicks . 
  producing from 20 gateways requires 1 decision and 20 clicks . 
  my rule of thumb for stupid , pointless micro is - if it had an auto cast would you activate it ? 
  i certainly use mbs in sc2 and do n't click on my gateways separately . 
  if i had a button that made marines move at half speed and shoot at the same time i would use it instead of clicking like mad to stutter step . 
  if i could i would activate auto cast on queens . 
  if i had an auto cast on storm i would n't activate it because i do n't want the templar storming the first unit in range . 
  i have no problem with people being out of tournaments once in ten if they play correctly . 
  they will still win the other nine . 
  yes i would probably turn on and off sophisticated storm casting and other auto features if i see fit . 
  problem is it is very hard to define the rules for these because unlike clicking 20 gateways it requires some thought . 
  this chance is why players play best of something and nit one game . 
  also this chance is at the core of the coolest thing in sc - mind games . 
  i do n't mind the decision where to invest your attention but this decision is present all the time with every other action . 
  i just wish they cut the bullshit clicks . 
  depends on what gui toolkit you choose to use . 
  if you go mono-only you wo n't have a problem . 
  alternatively you could use gtk # or some other cross-platform toolkit . 
  it is really not an f # issue . 
  there will still be need to focus your attention somewhere unless you think they will make an ai that can consistently beat a human . 
  the latter is of course possible but then i will probably not watch human matches or play the game but get into building ais and watching their matches instead . 
  clutch is absolutely the worst . 
  he is not a hot girl and he has no idea what he is talking about . 
  do you expect them to drop her directly into interviews on her first appearance ? 
  maybe she will do interviews and all in a few months . 
  yes but we could easily require that decision without preventing most people from playing the game on a meaningful level because they simply lack the dexterity . 
  if someone can make better decisions and lose the majority of games to a player who is just faster then the game is not good or fun to play or watch in my opinion . 
  the problem is that sc2 is the best game for me overall . 
  it is not perfect but the combination of community , geek appeal , amount of tournaments and my background makes sc2 stand out to every other game i know . 
  in addition when sc was released i was stunned by it . 
  nobody back then thought it was a game about mechanics . 
  i remember how we literally laughed at people with high apm and we assumed there was not much use of it since we could win on strategy , knowledge and decision making . 
  if i knew back then that sc would eventually become a game of mechanics i may have been reluctant to get into the scene . 
  in addition even with high level mechanics that we have these days there is still a lot of strategy and mind games in tournaments . 
  and finally just like the people who hate cheese or like to promote macro games voice their opinion i voice mine . 
  i actually think the majority of people who bought sc2 prefer the strategic aspect of the game but they are not hardcore players and do not voice their opinion . 
  maybe if enough people say that they prefer the non-mechanical aspect of the game the evolution of the game will not be in the direction it is now . 
  maybe the wol launch maps will return , who knows . 
  blizzard can make ban waves more often . 
  think of it like an in-app purchase . 
  you pay $ 60 per 2 months to have your map revealed . 
  of course everyone knows you suck , you know it too . 
  i have no problem with people sponsoring the development of sc2 in this way . 
  well ok then $ 30 per 2 months , 
  in my opinion the inflation should be very small and constant . 
  people will not spend money if they have more than what is enough for their needs if there is no inflation . 
  ideally money should invested or borrowed if not used to buy things you want . 
  i have not read the article but does it say that you should not randomize by sorting with a comparer that randomly returns 0 , 1 and -1 ? 
  is it ok to whine about the lack of generics in go in this thread ? 
  frankly the most interesting match i saw today . 
  i loved the fact that they played seriously . 
  would trade the actual final for full bo5 series . 
  the casting sucked . 
  they were actively trying to turn the game into a joke . 
  that may be true but i am not aware in any metal sport where they purposefully tried to eliminate strategy and promote mechanics or memorizing and try to get the game to that state as fast as they could .
