  well these types of events are totally meaningless without the person . 
  i thought this community 's obsession with winter was quite absurd until i was told that he mostly does this bronze to masters bullshit stomping lower league players . 
  i see this as more harm than the eventual viewbots . 
  what if someone who is actively harmful to the community reaches gm i do n't see why we should be happy . 
  of course i am not saying that livibee is harmful to the community just trying to make a point . 
  so what about a map hacker ? 
  ok here is an alternative version . 
  someone hacked for years and then got gm without a hack . 
  how about this person ? 
  so here is where i strongly disagree . 
  this gives a message to the community that the way to get good is to cheat for a while . 
  this will make the game worse for everyone . 
  hmmm why do i learn about this just now ? 
  i mean was it posted here before and how long was the campaign active ? 
  for the longest time being fat has been a symbol of prosperity . 
  he seems a bit overweight on the two pictures i found online but i would n't even call him fat . 
  he does n't look like his weight would be a threat to his health . 
  on the other hand i am not sure what his age is . 
  if he is 20 he might put on more weight in his 30s to the degree that it would be a threat . 
  do n't spoil it !, 
  i 've been to the usa and i do n't think that qualifies as fat there , 
  i have basetradetv in my followed channels on twitch but i ca n't really remember why and i ca n't remember what your content actually is ( sorry limited time for watching the game ) . 
  did you happen to do a 2 vs 2 tournament some time ago ? 
  like a month before the nathanias 's 2 vs 2 tournament or something . 
  i am pretty sure i followed some of those channels because of 2 vs 2 content but i ca n't remember which one :(, 
  i did support this but if you do it for 2vs2 i 'll get 5 portraits . 
  not an ms employee but i use ie willingly . 
  bing does n't cut it though . 
  i use it on my phone but when working it is just not good enough . 
  seems like phones may be doing better now . 
  rumor has it they will release just 6 per year 2 in every segment ( low-end , business , enthusiast ) . 
  i never understood why they needed to release such an absurd amount of nearly identical devices . 
  let alone the names which are just numbers that no one can remember . 
  if ms ca n't survive in this market imagine all the others - blackberry , firefox os , ubuntu phone , tizen , jolla . 
  that being said i do n't think this is as bad as it sounds . 
  releasing insane amounts of nearly identical phones with hard to remember names consisting of digits never seemed like a good strategy to me . 
  apple releases a single phone per year and is doing just fine . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  the only time i called into com was to generate or read office documents . 
  you 'll be surprised how many . net devs there are . 
  yeah there are many people who whine but my estimation is that ~ 1/3 of . net devs own a wp device . 
  so how does this explain infinite number of almost identical devices ? 
  in addition hero phones have marketing value for the platform even if they do n't sell very well . 
  yes , but this subthread is in the context of asp.net so i assume `` most . net apps '' does include asp.net apps which in fact form most of . net apps ( if we judge by employment opportunities ) . 
  also nothing in the api of wpf is windows specific . 
  just nobody wants to make the effort to port it to something that is not windows specific . 
  every platform has to call in the native os apis at some point . 
  otherwise you ca n't even read a file . 
  literally what i did - open the article , ctrl + f , type `` generics '' , no matches , closed the tab . 
  someone told me that the last time but the title says nothing about version and i reasoned it may mention something about the community bitching about generics ( not that most people who bitch about generics are in the go community but still ... ), 
  most of what you said is true but i do n't see why it matters . 
  the desktop is largely irrelevant and certainly the portability of the desktop is . 
  biggest problem is that they ca n't port visual studio . 
  as i said most jobs and most projects with . net are web projects and portability there is pretty high if not perfect with asp.net 5 and . net core . 
  the fact that there are windows only desktop gui libraries is a bonus not something that makes . net not portable . 
  we consider php and ruby to be cross platform and they do not have meaningful ( production quality ) desktop gui library . 
  if someone wrote one that was great and windows only would that downgrade these platforms to non-portable status ? 
  well wpf and windows forms are not part of . net core . 
  problem solved , 
  . net has a bunch of profiles most of them platform specific ( including xbox profile ) . 
  the portable profile is called . net core and it contains console apps and the web platform . 
  i think this is what happens when it is deleted . 
  agree . 
  i only watch the wcs final day and follow the gsl religiously . 
  i used to watch most of eu and some na when it had real competition . 
  i do n't think this is true for later stages . 
  maybe the foreigners are better but the average level is lower . 
  hmmm i was looking at azure to host a personal website instead of normal hosting provider . 
  the sql server pricing stopped me but i assumed it was a problem of scale . 
  so it is the same across the board ? 
  btw i suspect they may be trying to drive people towards other more cloud-friendly type of storage . 
  exactly the $ 5 per month just for sql server . 
  i calculated about $ 7 per month to run the website and hosting companies that add latest features cost about $ 3 per month for the same ( if you are willing to run on . net 4 and sql server 2008 you can even find $ 2 per month ) . 
  it is not that i ca n't afford this price even for a site that generates no profit but i just ca n't convince myself to do the migration to something that is essentially worse offer for my use case . 
  yes . 
  like table storage . 
  i just do everything in sql even things that i know are better to do with some form of nosql . 
  i guess they do it for people like me . 
  now of course if i need to scale i 'd probably do the necessary research and move the data into table storage but not before i see what part of the data grows to that kind of scale . 
  why the hell do they remove the tooltips , clock and rally options . 
  makes no sense at all . 
  what will i see there ? 
  i have clock on , and have world objects tooltips and command card shortcuts off . 
  i do n't get it . 
  can i still change the default ? 
  lotv tournament feature is the best hypothesis i have read so far . 
  definitely sounds like something community related . 
  social features like auto tournaments , chat , streaming support , in client observing for tournaments , etc. 
  the latter option has always worked in the past . 
  i got so excited and it turns out it is on the korean stream ? 
  come on gom get mc to cast with tasteless or artosis on occasion !, 
  we want mc too !, 
  so china stock market crashed but that 's not enough for them and they want the wrath of the tyrant too ? 
  those chinese are tough !, 
  you should feel bad for using dynamic in this code , 
  well someone has to write all these ios and android bindings and build the tooling to generate objective-c code . 
  give it now !, 
  hey lycan can you ask if they have some plans for non-archon mode team games . 
  for example 2 vs 2 gm league , sponsoring some non-joke 2 vs 2 event where people compete for actual money , etc. 
  i do n't know why people assume white-ra will have a child from this phrase which he uses for everything .
