  i have far simpler explanation . 
  companies that play catch up are open so the community can help them and they can attract more devs and get trust of more customers . 
  companies that are on top are trying to lock things down because they want to monetize what they built and prevent competitors from taking their place . 
  ms were `` evil '' when they were on top locking everything to windows . 
  now they are open . 
  google were open when android was new and now that android is king they are providing new apis through closed source google play service . 
  of course you ca n't retroactively close what was open but you can do it for new stuff even on an open source platform . 
  this is the way it has to be . 
  this is the market in action . 
  wrong . 
  i favor the hypothesis that linux users do not like paying for software including games unless they see it as a cause . 
  humble indie bundle is often given as an example but it was a campaign to support `` the good guys '' in the gaming industry and this made most linux users spend money on software . 
  of course i may be wrong but obviously a good part of the industry agrees . 
  of course ms does n't make much money on . net . 
  it is not like they sell it . 
  they certainly lose money on . net but . net makes their platforms stronger and gives them leverage in things like defining standards, 
  porting it is certainly doable . 
  it is not clear if there is enough demand to justify the effort . 
   what 's the point of static typing if you do n't have checked exceptions ? 
  that almost made sense . 
  too bad java has runtime exceptions too . 
  i hate them universally . 
  i do n't think they have problems getting developers to use directx . 
  also if directx does not serve as a competitive advantage of their platforms it serves no purpose . 
  they may as well kill it . 
  if i was responsible for the tournament i would dq him . 
  on the other hand i am not upset about what he said and will not have negative opinion of him because of this . 
  he obviously failed to judge the situation . 
  i am a bit worried that you can compare the two . 
  i would kickstarter them if i knew they would sell . 
  sadly i did n't know this so i did n't take part in the kickstarter . 
  i kickstart things because i want them to get big and facebook is as big as it gets . 
  love it . 
  played more games than any other season this year ( for the same time ) . 
  back in the day we used to call people who only built their economy and army and were surprised when the opponent interfered `` sim city players '' - they just want to build their town . 
  most of us are not `` practicing '' . 
  most of us try to have fun inventing strategies and outsmarting our opponent . 
  this does not mean we do not want to compete . 
  we do !, 
  however the thing we want to compete in is not perfect execution of 100 steps build which requires perfect macro and pre-learned timings . 
  i have lost with all of these on the new maps , 
  exactly the opposite for me . 
  i can even say i significantly reduced my play time at the end of wol when maps started to look like the current maps . 
  i have even vetoed daybreak and cloud kingdom because they are too similar to the current maps . 
  i only did sh once . 
  i was at an advantage and i lost . 
  i guess building sh is n't enough . 
  i made swarm hosts one game that i was at advantage and lost :(, 
  turns out metalopolis with 2 paths around the center and pretty narrow pathways is no good for swarm hosts :(, 
  i do n't know what you are talking about . 
  my winrate as zerg this season is 10/5 . 
  much better than any of the other races . 
  ( playing in diamond ), 
  interestingly i have not . 
  but maybe i just rushed them before these came . 
  i lost to a blink once as a terran but it was after i failed a rush . 
  he could have killed me however he liked . 
  the only question left is why would people want to do it . 
  i have heard the arguments countless of times but was never able to see the value in the benefits that people pointed out . 
  for me the os is the thing that runs the software . 
  i do not care about the os i care about the software it runs . 
  and since windows runs more or better quality software ( including open source software ) windows is better in my view . 
  multiple desktops ? 
  i do n't care . 
  package managers ? 
  i do n't care , etc. 
  i care about visual studio , office and games ( of which sc is just one ), 
  well you can always use the software that works on your os and not use but i am sure i will be much more effective having office rather than having multiple desktops ( is this the tabs you are talking about or it is something else ? ) . 
  btw windows 10 will have multiple desktops . 
  i wonder if i will start using them . 
  i think both are not true . 
  in windows you could get the search to index your whole drive ( let alone that with ssd it is often not required ) . 
  in addition with powershell you can pipe the same way you pipe with bash . 
  i do n't know if my assumptions about what exactly you are talking about are correct though maybe i am completely off . 
  btw i would n't use or buy laptop/ultrabook grade machine without touch these days . 
  i got a machine with touch almost by accident but now ca n't stop using it . 
  windows seems to be the only desktop os where touch is really usable ( also ie and chrome are the only desktop browsers that have usable touch but ie 's is definitely better ), 
  your point about applications support for piping is valid . 
  i expect this to slowly change with time the same way dev products are slowly starting to expose powershell commandlets but it will probably take decades . 
  about touch support i need to point out that i am only talking about laptops and ultrabooks . 
  i have n't had a chance to use a desktop monitor with touch yet but i have touched mine a few times just to remember it does not have touch , 
  many people think of touch on laptops as they think of touch on their phones - the only input . 
  it is better to think of it as an addition to the current input methods . 
  for example when pcs got mice some people claimed that keyboards are better and the mouse will never replace them . 
  i clearly remember when the mouse was some kind of cool gadget and computers normally came without one . 
  however the mouse works in tandem with the mouse and keyboard . 
  currently where i get most value from touch is web browsing . 
  when my hands are on the keyboard and i want to scroll or zoom it is all the same to me if i move to the trackpad or mouse or to the screen because the distance ( on a laptop ) is effectively the same . 
  on the other hand scroll and zoom are much more fluid , natural and precise with touch . 
  it feels like a sheet under your fingers . 
  clicking on items in the page may also be effective especially if you just zoomed . 
  for scrolling i just put my thumb on the side of the screen with my right hand while the rest of the fingers are holding the screen . 
  it is the best position for reading on a laptop . 
  all this is reinforced by the fact that i spend the evening on the sofa with the laptop in my lap which means there is no space for separate mouse . 
  note that i have used this setup on a desk with a mouse and i still use the touch features sometimes . 
  at multiple occasions i have tried to zoom or scroll with my fingers in visual studio and got annoyed that it did n't work . 
  i am probably one of the few people who would list touch support as the best feature in vs2015  i have also observed some of my coworkers who doubted that touch is that cool embrace it . 
  one bought a laptop with touch pretty much for the same reason as me ( other specs on the machines were very good and touch was just there ) and he came to work saying `` you were right - once you touch the screen there is no going back '' . 
  while not everyone i know reacted this way this is what happens to most people . 
  why do you type starcraft with a capital t ?
