  i see internet explorer does not support it which seems to be the nail in the coffin . 
  oh you mean they were pretending that it was a good thing ? 
  did my post sound like this ? 
  to be honest fantasy setting is unwatchable . 
  no fantasy game i have looked at without ever playing was understandable . 
  you just ca n't rely on general knowledge to infer how things work . 
  i think most of the c # code out there is backend asp.net code . 
  if you do n't random you are not a true man . 
  c # is huge because it is huge . 
  it is overrepresented a bit on so because the creators are . net devs and the . net community was one of the first to adopt it . 
  on the other hand c # is severely underrepresented on github for the opposite reasons , 
  i hope people here realize that if nobody was buying stuff in bitcoin it would not be worth as much as it is worth now . 
  where can i see specific bitcoin services in spain . 
  i am going to valencia next week and i actually had problems paying for the hotel but quick search did not provide satisfying bitcoin options . 
  now it was my girlfriend booking the hotel and i guess if it was me i would have put some more effort into digging for a hotel that accepts bitcoin but still i wish it was easier to find . 
  what does a hard fork mean ? 
  i checked the bitcoin wiki but it does not have a page . 
  so hard fork basically means more than half of bitcoin miners agreeing on a new version ? 
  just wait until you start winning , 
  it is too late now but next time ... 
  ok but in case there is a disagreement who wins the part with more miners or the part with more clients . 
  i see . 
  so hard fork seems entirely feasible and even reasonable if the changes are also reasonable . 
  now do i upvote the submission because the topic is interesting or i downvote it because the link is so useless ? 
  grrrr ... predates slayer . 
  if you are not his friend the message probably went to the `` other '' inbox and this is why it took so long for him to reply . 
  done , 
  and this is programming how ? 
  i imagined he said the spanish supporters should break the fingers of all koreans, 
  all their songs are about war except like one song per album which is a tribute to other metal musicians . 
  go to wikipedia and check the stories behind the lyrics for their latest album . 
  they are true stories and pretty awesome . 
  would link it but i am typing on a phone . 
  i thought the big one was tlo 's brother, 
  all-female tournaments are degrading . 
  ask judit polgar, 
  wait , did you just suggest that only physical sports are real ? 
  i hereby declare that i hold a strong opinion that women are on average and in all corresponding levels physically weaker than men . 
  therefore my opinion is that gender division in physical sports is ok . do you think that women are mentally and intellectually inferior so that you support gender division in mental sports ? 
  i would think so , otherwise you would n't be organizing all-female tournaments . 
  on the other hand what is your motivation , how does all-female tournaments make the world a better place ? 
  my argument against them is that women are on average comparable to men in mental and intellectual capabilities including not only analytical thinking but also willpower . 
  therefore they can and should compete in all-gender tournaments ( often called male tournaments ) . 
  so i was participating in dreamhack two days ago and i had to enter the channel for the tournament . 
  after 3 minutes of clicking through menus i admitted i could not find the option to join channels . 
  judit polgar is not against female only tournaments ... she just does n't play in them , 
  you basically say that you are helping female players to be taken seriously . 
  i think this is the opposite of what you do . 
  the chess precedents show that in a male dominated sports women are taken seriously only after beating the men . 
  this includes chess world champion garry kasparov . 
  i really do n't get the bad manner . 
  it is so counter productive . 
  i mean from pro level to the lowest leagues good manners have paid off . 
  there are people who continued careers long after their prime just off the back of their good manners ( white-ra ) and there are others whose careers were practically slaughtered by bad manners . 
  i have good friends from 15 years ago just because good manners . 
  they have helped me with professional relations and other things . 
  it pays off to be nice . 
  some of the female players do participate in male only tournaments and they are respected exactly corresponding to their modest achievements as it should be . 
  garry kasparov specifically cited composure under stress as a reason why female players will never be as good at chess as male players . 
  he revised that opinion after judit polgar beat him in an official game , 
  interesting that in your other comment you cite research on hand-eye coordination and composure under stress as something that benefits males . 
  if this is true would n't it make sense to ban scarlett from female tournaments as supposedly she would have the same biological advantages as male players would have ? 
  why not try to throw a white-only tournament and see if anyone cries racism , 
  i agree . 
  i do n't see why it is downvoted . 
  everyone else missed the sarcasm or we overestimated the post ? 
  my point is that you wo n't get respect until you win straight up no matter the background ( biological or whatever ) . 
  in bulgarian we have a saying that literally translates like this : `` beat them so they will respect you '' . 
  i do n't know if it is international and what the english equivalent is but i see it as the only way to be recognized as a good player in any sport . 
  i read your comment carefully . 
  are you arguing my point ? 
  ( there should be no female only tournaments ), 
  after his bad manners went over the top . 
  i eliminated a significantly higher ranked protoss from dreamhack and i think he was mad . 
  is that enough ? 
  i hope blizzard shows up for a re , 
  the boys are mean to me too and i am male . 
  this is equal treatment , 
  i do rage quite often but i blame myself not the opponent . 
  he says he is not really competent on bitcoin and is a bit skeptic . 
  it seems he likes the idea . 
  they ask him because he is a politician with strong libertarian views which means he is likely one of the few who will have positive views on bitcoin . 
  i doubt there are many politicians who know more than him about btc anyway . 
  i guess he states his incompetence to avoid giving investment advice . 
  i do n't think he said anything stupid , do you ? 
  i have very low opinion of node.js but somehow i am convinced it is not ** literally ** shit . 
  they probably secretly use node.js but ms pays them to say they use iis, 
  wait !, 
  you thought i was serious ? 
  oh come on !, 
  vs licenses are very cheap with msdn subscription . 
  they probably cost less than the dev boxes alone and i believe with the quality devs that they hire they would pay the price of vs license as a salary to the dev in a week . 
  i want to know more about the whole thing with the static methods . 
  does it realm make much of a difference ? 
  why not ? 
  not everyone is under the impression that ms supports their products poorly and even then why migrate while they do support it ? 
  if you assume you will have to migrate anyway you can just wait for ms to fail before investing the resources into the migration . 
  i would be very surprised if the oracle stack costs less . 
  i suppose now that asp.net is open source they do n't have to think about migration . 
  also migration is kind of a good problem to have .
