  april 's fools is from the mid centuries it was not new in the 2000s , 
  wait !, 
  they managed to make web forms even more complex . 
  unlike most people i like webforms but even i would admit that it is too complex and you are telling me that someone managed to beat that ? 
  who is ian grigg ? 
  that guy did n't even use typescript . 
  what a noob . 
  what is this , a post from 2014 ? 
  what 's next using jquery ? 
  only for the first version encountered . 
  if different things depend on different version npm reverts to the absurd node_modules into node_modules into node_modules way ... 
  and cryptography . 
  cryptography and me . 
  that reality, 
  i am with you on this one and wright does seem like a fraud ... however if he does move a satoshi coin we must accept the facts . 
  another option would be for this guy to be in contact with the real satoshi which would explain delayed action but even then we must accept that he speaks on behalf of satoshi regardless if he personally is satoshi . 
  hey , you should bet something to make it interesting . 
  there is nothing wrong with this doubt until there is actual proof . 
  so far there is not any . 
  you ca n't fault people for not believing claims without any proof . 
  what about economic power ? 
  that has to mean something if someone is willing to fork . 
  lets see if / u/7a11l409b1d3c65 confirms . 
  i am so on the fence on this one that i do n't want to bet and i usually do bet on this type of things . 
  i 'd say that you win but you have to sort the rules between yourselves . 
  i think calling dr. wright a fraud is acceptable since he has made claims but not provided the crypto proof needed . 
  the burden is on him to provide this proof and the delay does not make sense . 
  he may provide it in the future but we can not just pretend everything is ok forever because he may at some moment in the future provide this proof . 
  now removing gavin 's commit access is total bullshit and is not justified even if he is wrong about dr. wright . 
  come on guys put your money where your mouth is !, 
  i am an investor ( by virtue of hodling btc ) . 
  if someone forks i am willing to sell on the core fork and buy on the fork that has no blocksize limit . 
  except that there is no software willing to fork . 
  in google cache , duh ... 
  and by recently you mean ~ 10 years ago ? 
  web search says ~ 2004, 
  i 've always dreamed of state regulated e-sports . 
  i suggest the state bans people from playing more than 10 hours a week because this is the maximum amount of time i can set aside so it is unfair for others to be able to get ahead by practicing more . 
  it is not obvious where the problems come from . 
  maybe the libraries would have caught the bugs had they been written in a statically typed language . 
  also the crashing thing seems to be a direct result of js 's single threaded nature . 
   i think with es7 we 'll finally get some sanity . 
  i 've heard that before for es6 and before that for use strict and before that for browsers adopting standardized es5 ... 
  it is obvious that the author tends to go after the hype . 
  a question to op and other republicans who happen to feel the same . 
  are you prepared to vote libertarian instead of republican for a senate representative ? 
  oh come on !, 
  crypto proof or fraud . 
  there is no `` treat him well '' path . 
  yeah except what is the point ? 
  you hide your satoshi identity to avoid problems in your real life and you fend off those problems by making everyone think you are a fraud and thus you have bigger problems not even counting the ones with the tax authorities . 
  except there are no governments who want to prosecute satoshi , people will still dig in his digital life and his family will inevitably meet people who will tell them that he is a fraud . 
  also the trust does n't exist . 
  sides argue about the size of a block . 
  a `` block '' is one set of transactions , a bigger block size means more transactions can be processed in a given amount of time but also means that less people have the internet connection and the storage space to participate in the verification process effectively making bitcoin more centralized . 
  the current block size limit is 1mb . 
  the users in the subreddit you are currently reading are overwhelmingly supporting increase in the blocksize and so were the original satoshi ( the one who created bitcoin without revealing his identity ) and the supposed satoshi ( the one who refuses to provide a proof and is most likely fraud ), 
  we search his house , computers , etc. 
  and if we do not find real evidence we let him go . 
  does resharper suggest var when the type is not mentioned on the right side ? 
  i do n't use resharper and i write my code with var when the type is mentioned on the right side and with type name if it is not . 
  i do n't see how any typescript user can be surprised by this behavior . 
  every tutorial or course on typescript i 've seen starts with a demo on how the types disappear in the compiled js . 
  hmmm can you be registered in two parties ? 
   to add to this , the interpreter is pure . 
  so to get this kind of speed , just pass - zero to the jvm and you will get a similar experience, 
  what does this mean ? 
  even if we accept your analogy it is still not evident that the book does not violate copyright . 
  the title is bullshit . 
  i do n't see how this trial causes me any headaches . 
  certainly a headache for devs who build platforms but why a headache for me ? 
  also the article seems to claim that calling an api is somehow violation according to oracle which in my understanding is not at all what they claim . 
  i doubt it . 
  oracle claims that the whole package is copyrightable not separate methods . 
  also what apis are standard now and not licensed properly except for android ? 
  google being hypocrites themselves did n't want to pay and assessed the actual risk of this lawsuit and decided that they will violate the license . 
  note that the violation is not even a subject of dispute anymore only the fair use and the actual damages . 
  i realize oracle are evil but at least they are straight up , honest evil . 
  google are annoying hypocrites . 
  i kind of wish oracle wins just to see google cry and pay up . 
  google did n't ever obtain a license so it does n't matter what the interpretation of any license is . 
  copyleft , gpl , etc. 
  are still licenses and you get a license to use the software under those licenses . 
  yes , but in the context of this thread i was replying to the claim that `` this is clearly bullshit '' which is a way of saying `` it is evident '' . 
  or maybe i fail reading comprehension . 
  good point . 
  still i think it would be easy for a lawyer to argue that this is different enough to establish another precedent . 
  do not miss the one with woz !, 
  nothing to do with xamarin , just his stories but i wo n't have a problem if he comes to live in my house and tell stories all day long . 
  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tv75tt1uwq4, 
  uhm i actually expect it to be copyrighted . 
  of course using the api should be allowed but implementing an api ... 
  i do n't expect companies who build apis to do it so that other companies can copy them . 
  this makes no sense to me . 
  i agree that the law for books is bad for software . 
  however this does not mean that the law is magically invalidated or that google has the moral higher ground . 
  as i see it the owner of the api has the ( moral ) right to stop others from implementing it because designing an api is creative work . 
  in my opinion the law specifically for software should make implementing apis allowed by default but should allow for licenses that prevent implementing the apis . 
  yeah , too bad . 
  should have thought about it a while ago ,
