  just last week i was fighting similar problems . 
  wish i had read the article then instead of learning stuff the hard way . 
  async is very easy to use without understanding the details when used as intended but once you do something strange you 'll have to learn how it really works . 
  in my case we were sharing a codebase with wp7 which does not have async so we added async overloads with #ifdefs ... and ended up with a deadlock :(, 
  so andorid has security problems despite having perfectly fine underlying system =  closed systems are more secure even if they are not technically secure . 
  yeah right , because we really need more of the same boring macro games . 
  blizzard should bring back the beta maps which were much more diverse . 
  also people should cheese more . 
  no you are not . 
  i actually think that the lack of diversity in maps is the biggest problem of sc2 . 
  i think beta maps were so much better than the current maps and i also think adding air maps would be beneficial . 
  also i think interesting map is better than balanced map . 
  there , i said it !, 
  of course . 
  because all games must go to 4 + bases . 
  we must not allow any game that is not insane macro game to happen ever again and all maps should be played exactly the same . 
  also americans should vote for a candidate that commits to making cheesing punishable by up to 3 years in prison . 
  youuuu ... people like you are ruining esports . 
  you must be a dirty cheeser with no skill who likes to win even though he has less apm . 
  i agree that the game should be played like a tournament . 
  however all current tournaments are doing it wrong . 
  when i was young tournaments had a great variety of maps including air maps not the current macro-only bullshit . 
  i think forcing macro games promotes mechanics over thinking and strategy . 
  maps should be diverse and players should choose a strategy depending on the map including ultra cheese like 12 drones rush . 
  on a side note if a cheese does not kill a player it leaves the game in an unexplored state which forces the players to think on their feet which is far more interesting than watching their macro skills . 
  prepare to be downvoted you cheesing no-skill noob !, 
  the original discussion is about closed ecosystems and their benefits/downsides . 
  if we need to follow your car analogy a ford that blocks you from driving into a wall is more secure than a mercedes that allows you to drive into a wall . 
  there should be maps where you should be able to go to 4 bases . 
  there should be maps where a thinking player would notice that he should end the game on 3 bases ( or 2 or 1 for that matter ) and not use the same strategy on every map . 
  every worker built should be a real decision . 
  also balance is overrated . 
  i want the game to be interesting and to stimulate strategy and decision making rather than mechanics . 
  if we need to sacrifice some balance for this i 'm ok with that but keep in mind that we do n't really know if a map is balanced until we 've solved this map . 
  right now we 're just removing any map that does not fit our equation instead of evolving the metagame on this type of map . 
  for example no one knows for sure what race is strong and what race is weak on an air map because no one played more than 3 games on air maps . 
  this makes me sad :(, 
  also my favourite player currently is suhosin . 
  i find the current tournaments much more boring than the tournaments in the first 6 months . 
  maybe sc will die as a competitive game if they do n't make it more diverse , 
  also who says 2 bases is not fun . 
  warcraft iii did fine and many of the games there were 1 base ( yes i know it was a different game but sc2 could be a different game than what it currently is ) . 
  i really do n't understand why people think macro games are fun . 
  if anything they are more boring to play and watch but with the current maps they are obviously the right way to play which ironically makes zerg op , 
  well it is still the best game to watch i just feel it is getting worse . 
  btw i 'm in masters since they introduced masters league . 
  can you elaborate on what was the reason for the said imbalance ? 
  i played warcraft iii competitively but did n't follow the game after 2008 . 
  wolf is that you ? 
  interesting . 
  and what is the reason this bm map control does not work that well against other races ? 
  also is the dk+l ich standard . 
  pre 2008 there were at least 3 hero combinations in circulation for each race usually 1 of them based on neutral hero . 
  i wish they had some graphical representation . 
  i agree with your points and have been talking about them for a while . 
  i however see slightly different solutions . 
  1 ) i always root for foreigners not because i like them more than koreans but because i believe this is good for the scene if non-koreans win . 
  i also refuse to watch closed tournaments like osl . 
  i do n't want kespa to monopolize the scene as they did in sc1 . 
  however i do not support artificial differenciation of the scene . 
  there should be more local lan tournaments with smaller prices to stimulate local scene . 
  there should be no restrictions for koreans but the prize pool alone wo n't make hem come . 
  too bad sponsors are not interested in local events . 
  also wcs is a great step in the right direction . 
  2 ) completely agree . 
  i remember that i was more exciting refreshin the results page at wcg than watching a live stream from the gsl these days simply because wcg was just once a year . 
  i even felt like the addition of replays in sc1 killed some part of the game and made it somewhat less exciting . 
  however i do n't know what can be done here . 
  3 ) to remedy this problem there should be more events that pay attention to team games . 
  noobs like team games and we can get them to stick around if we add team games to tournaments . 
  i also want to watch high level team games in a tournaments and will gladly move one of my tournament subscription to a 2 vs 2 tournament if there was something on the appropriate level of production and players did train as much as they do for 1 vs 1 . 
  sadly there seems to be some sort of a veto of 2 vs 2 events and neither hardcore fans nor tournament organizers seem to be interested . 
  i think the main reason for this is the unification of maps and the emphasis on `` pro '' maps . 
  the beta had much more interesting and diverse maps but people constantly complain about balance . 
  also some people ( like artosis ) seem to think that macro games are somehow more interesting . 
  this is totally not true and if cheese does not kill a player it leaves the game in much more interesting and unexplored state . 
  balance is overvalued . 
  interesting maps and strategies are more important than balance . 
  i think maps should be diversified as much as possible and even air maps should be added even if they are so imbalanced that people race pick on them . 
  we should explore the metagame on many different kinds of maps , not just on large maps with high ground and natural with narrow choke point and easy to take third . 
  it makes me sad that macro games are declared the `` right '' way to play the game and if you want to play something else you are either a noob or have no honour or both . 
  money should not concentrate in the best players so much . 
  sponsors should support local lan events with more money . 
  this can stimulate the emergence of strong semi-pro scene and people will get into starcraft because one of their friends is semi-pro and participates in tournaments . 
  you obviously have no idea what sc1 looked like in the first two years . 
  i think blizzard should let the metagame evolve on its own a bit more before interfering . 
  this is how sc1 got big not by some magical game design at blizzard . 
  how would you ( and your friends ) feel of the scene emphasized 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 more . 
  what if there was a 2 vs 2 gsl ? 
  do you think it would stimulate them to play in this more casual but yet serious mode if the community appreciated 2 vs 2 results more ? 
  many people will play competitively if they can play in a team . 
  ( i play with my girlfriend 2 vs 2 and we 're in masters but she is terrified of playing 1 vs 1 ) . 
  if the community gave more respect to the 2 vs 2 scene many more players would get involved and maybe even get into 1 vs 1 . 
  there should be more exposure for 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 scene for example in a 2 vs 2 gsl quality tournament . 
  while team games in sc are less serious than 1 vs 1 they are not so uninteresting and noobish as the sc elitists make it look . 
  it is interesting that people think no one would watch 2 vs 2 but in reality there is no 2 vs 2 tournament with the level of production quality 1 vs 1 tournaments provide . 
  simple solution - team games . 
  what if there were 2 vs 2 or even 3 vs 3 sc2 tournaments . 
  then you can play with your friends . 
  btw i just ca n't deal with the fact that in lol you need to level up to be competitive or so i 'm being told .
