  i could have written this myself and i have been saying this for years . 
  people are so afraid of disturbing the holy balance , tournament organizers are scared of short games and pro players do n't want to lose to someone with inferior mechanics so everyone settled on the one map . 
  the map pool in the launch of wol was a thousand times better than the current one ( btw the current one is somewhat better than the one we had at the end of wol ), 
  really !, 
  bring back small maps and add air maps . 
  i do n't care if it is balanced . 
  players should race pick if they feel a map is imbalanced . 
  creativity and diversity  balance . 
  by making different strategies viable . 
  for example 12 drones rush was a creative strategy that could only work on steppes of war . 
  the current map pool has a reduced set of strategies because the strategy of 12 drones rush is gone . 
  btw an article i might have written myself just hit reddit :, 
  we used to have them then someone decided that cheese is bad and we should only have `` nice macro games '', 
  sadly it is not about trying them . 
  they should be forced ( via either ladder or high profile tournaments ) or else there would not be critical mass of players to develop the metagame . 
  i love you too , 
  i did not say that the community should discover the strategies i said that they should demand that the maps in tournaments and ladder do not block strategies . 
  high level players will discover strategies if they had to play on more diverse maps . 
  now they have to play on what is practically a single map so they are better off practicing mechanics than developing strategies . 
  i want to see drone rushes too . 
  in fact i do n't see how macro games are more exciting than drone rushes . 
  i get much more excited when players cheese each other than when they play macro games because it is constant action from the start . 
  blizzard have said multiple times that they modeled the ladder maps after tournament maps and then started using tournament maps directly because people want to play tournament maps on the ladder . 
  and i had 10 times more fun watching and playing the game than now because you know at least i had 4 drone harass , siege tanks on the high ground , planetary at the gold , etc. 
  in addition to the `` nice macro game '' . 
  i got demoted to plat only once and got out after a couple of games but i consistently get demoted to diamond at the start of the season since the leagues change so like 3 seasons ? 
  i played random and since the very beginning i consistently have worse winrate with terran than any other race . 
  certainly my favorite of the current players ( i do support non-koreans when they play but as playstyle hyvaa is my favorite ) . 
  suhosin was even better but he disappeared somewhere . 
  i eagerly await the moment when ms will pull the plug on lightswitch and stop wasting dev resources on useless products . 
  same for webmatrix . 
  quite often people do n't understand that in the us everything is announced before taxes ( steam price debate ) and in europe everything is announced after taxes ( or at least the countries i know ), 
  unless he can actually save much more than people working in more expensive cities . 
  hah same thing applies for plovdiv ( second/third largest city in bulgaria ) and sofia ( the capital ) . 
  stray dogs , frustrated individuals , etc. 
  in the capital and relatively easy life in plovdiv . 
  the roads and the administration suck everywhere in the country though . 
  in bulgaria only the expensive beer is 1.50 a beer , 
  very similar situation in bulgaria ( i actually live and work in the second ( or third depending on source ) largest city in bulgaria with similar number of people - plovdiv . 
  i always felt like what you say is true but never bothered to check numbers . 
  btw if you can go freelance then your pay can go significantly up when compared to local income . 
  visual studio . 
  but the point here is not if it is a good product but if it has a target audience . 
  for example my brainfuck interpreter for windows phone is a good product but quite useless in fact . 
  lightswitch is a product with no target audience or at the very least a target audience which will not even know it exists . 
  depends on your taste in beer . 
  for 2 eur you can get any kind and be happy . 
  if you like beer where you can feel the alcohol in its taste and get drunk easily you can go for the most popular local beers which are as cheap as 1 eur ( for standard 500ml bottle/can ) . 
  i agree and this is why i love it when the player who does it fails . 
  too bad life did n't lose the second game with manner hatch and possibly the tournament after that . 
  why 50 % ? 
  i am looking at the chart and it seems like only soo , scarlett , vortix and hyun can kick him out of the top 16 and it will take two of them performing decently to do so . 
  all these would have to perform decently in the presence of the other top 16 players in the season finals like innovation , taeja , jd , etc. 
  am i missing something ? 
  how is that ? 
  he is currently 15th in the ranking and there seem to be only 4 players that can displace him which means two of them need to perform decently in the wcs finals in the presence of the other players from top 16 . 
  well , ok the others . 
  after iem ? 
  http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/2013_wcs_season_3_america/challenger#bracket_stage according to this revival is out of the challenger league, 
  well , ok but there are still other strong players from the top 16 and outside the top 16 which the 4 contenders will need to beat . 
  oh ... :( i did n't realize dear had a chance too :(, 
  not where i live ( bulgaria ) . 
  it is definitely easier and you are probably right about the reason . 
  i am pointing out the fact which often causes misunderstanding . 
  does n't it depend on how likely is the specific person to save money . 
  for example if you like to go out every night chances are you may spend all your money in an expensive city while a software dev in romania may save money even if he goes out every night . 
  great !, 
  now they should make it work with express editions . 
  the tooling for wp is free , the tooling for win8 is free but if you want to share code you are out of luck and need to pay for the full vs. 
  so you go `` brb , winter '' and come back in 3 months ? 
  actually if the building is not damaged there is no reason to panic right after an earthquake . 
  the aftershocks are always smaller and a big earthquake never happens after a big earthquake . 
  basically the safest time from earthquake is after an earthquake . 
  according to the wcs faq posted on tl and floating around reddit the challenger league would not even send you into pl for wcs 2014 . 
  this is if i understood the faq correctly . 
  probably the whole population tweeting , 
  i figured out there should be a way to build stuff without vs but are there any guides or docs on how you can do that ( and still write code in vs and not notepad ), 
  do you realize how much weaker 5 is compared to 7.2 ? 
  if i recall correctly the richter earthquake scale is logarithmic . 
  i used to be one of the people who used to laugh at de icaza not because i saw him as a traitor but because i did n't think the project had any chance to succeed and become self-sustainable in the hostile environment he was trying to push it . 
  now years later i am stunned by the fact that he managed to pull it off . 
  hats off to him . 
  he does get shit done . 
  monogame is xna port that runs on other platforms . 
  the wiki pages for fez list the following platforms xbox 360 ( xbox live arcade ) , microsoft windows , linux , os x ( steam ) , playstation 4 , playstation 3 , playstation vita . 
  i assume the linux , os x and ps ports are monogame . 
  why would you be ashamed ? 
  rooting for foreigners is not racism or anything . 
  if sc2 is to have a bright future then foreigners must be able to compete with koreans . 
  and i am not talking about kicking koreans out of the non-asian wcs event , i am talking about foreigners actually competing on even ground with them . 
  rooting for foreigners is rooting for the future of sc2 . 
  yep . 
  last night i went to bed hoping that when i wake up hyun would have lost . 
  i actually like hyun but i hope we have at least one non-korean at blizzcon and for this to happen hyun had to lose . 
  i hope soo and dear both get to play jaedong in the first round of the season finals , 
  am i reading this correctly ? 
  one thousand united states dollars for xbox one ? 
  probably ms found a way to assemble part of the console in brazil or something . 
  so is it like this for all your electronics or are companies working around the issue in some way ? 
  i just hope when i make my first compile time error i do n't see the remarkably stupid dialog asking if i want to run the old version .
