  seems like people have mixed experience with xamarin . 
  i hope to never see xslt again . 
  i can easily pretend that but i kind of want my enums to be equivalent to ints . 
  this is far simpler , easy to understand and use . 
  there is one more reason that is mostly theoretical these days but still exists . 
  if there were no properties you would still write accessor methods . 
  with accessor methods you ca n't just recompile when you change from a field , you need to change the code . 
  . net is a platform that supports many languages and some of them do not have the notion of property and access properties in the form of accessor methods . 
  in this case you will break the client code written in these languages if you make the change . 
  yeah , because people do that with enums all the time . 
  we need to be protected from accidentally adding red and wednesday . 
  we do n't need to be able to easily save enums in the database or serialize them . 
  except that they are much more frictionless in c # . 
  btw i also love using enums as bitmasks . 
  sure . 
  my subjective opinion is that enums should be equivalent to integers because this is far simpler than modeling them through classes . 
  well you have to know the algorithms and you should be able to recognize them in the given tasks . 
  that 's half of programming and the other is organizing code and communicating with coworkers but it is not really possible to do a competition for those . 
  i ca n't wait for the esports express version, 
  as a . net developer the thing that i have most trouble understanding about java is the concept of a class loader and the whole talk about the lack of module system . 
  can someone explain what the . net equivalents are ? 
  assemblies are modules in . net but how are jars different ? 
  what about osgi and the new module system ? 
  so am i to understand that jars are dlls but there is no concept of assembly since dll and assembly are not the same thing in . net ? 
  can someone explain the difference between webrtc and ortc ? 
  i did read the article . 
  still ca n't understand what ortc is . 
  it seems to be interoperable with webrtc but it is not the same thing . 
  the platform feature page of ie states that ortc allows real-time communication with the server via a js api while webrtc allows real-time communication . 
  stop complaining . 
  people have posted it here only 18 times before . 
  i really like how features that i did not like were removed from c # 6.0 . 
  first the horrible indexing syntax with $ . 
  then they tweaked the syntax for get-only properties by allowing assignments in the constructor and finally they found out that it is hard to implement primary constructors that let you define properties instead of fields in a reasonable manner that fits with the rest of c # so they dropped it . 
  in addition i really feel like primary constructors can make sense if there was a new kind of type like discriminated unions . 
  they just do n't fit particularly well with classes . 
  i also dislike the digits separator idea for number literals and it is out too . 
  binary literals may be the only dropped feature i kind of wanted . 
  it feels cool when it seems that the language designers build it as if they listen to your personal opinion . 
  i imagine it differently . 
  probably every iteration of c # started like this and as they experimented things got more refined so we got to see the final product that was free of bullshit . 
  now we got to see the initial brainstorming and most of the bad or low-quality stuff got thrown out . 
  i believe the recommendation was given specifically for implementing specifications . 
  it seems sound and would help in this case but this is also how we ended up with the shitstorm that is html so i am not sure the guy was right . 
  obviously corrupted blizzard officials rigged the vote . 
  i do n't have any idea how else steppes of war can be out . 
  so if we exclude xel ' naga and metalopolis we are back to the boring relatively big maps with ramp or choke in front of the natural layout . 
  the sc community is full of pussies who are scared that the builds they practiced would not work and they will lose to what they see as lesser players . 
  bring your pitchforks to blizzcon . 
  i see you understand me perfectly , 
  i was kind of sarcasting . 
  if i have to be serious i would say that it would make sense for the minority to have one map in . 
  currently the majority was able to vote several times which resulted in the majority being the winner for all maps . 
  imagine if we all had one vote then the majority would split over most of the maps while people who love different maps would concentrate on steppes and xel ` naga . 
  analogy in the real world would be to have a parliament where each representative is elected separately by everyone . 
  chances are all representatives would be from one party because if one party gets a majority for one candidate why would n't it get it for the rest ? 
  also i am a bit surprised of the result . 
  i thought there are more people bored that all maps are practically the same . 
  i choose to believe that they do not play the game anymore but i may be wrong . 
  maybe i am the only one that notices that only the tileset is different . 
  is this the first girl in gm ? 
   even batman would have trouble dealing with all of the crime and corruption, 
  that 's batman we 're talking about not some weakling like superman !, 
  good thing mechanics are not everything . 
  i used to do this with my gf . 
  never thought of this as cheating . 
  more like she got plat but could play on a gold level without me helping . 
  however if we did not do this she would probably be silver . 
  i did not think the day would come i would be ashamed to be european :(, 
  this gives me hope for the game . 
  i really wish mechanics were less important than decision making , strategy and mind games . 
  real girl . 
  or if you want me to be politically correct - cisgender female . 
  i have a hypothesis about girls who play sc and this excludes scarlet . 
  if you want i can discuss it but this was an honest question . 
  if you want we can rephrase it as `` has any girl except scarlet reached gm ? '', 
  i honestly did not know . 
  i had never heard of msspyte thanks for pointing that out . 
  my hypothesis is that the toys boys play with make them better prepared for games like sc . 
  basically that lego  barbie . 
  i kind of doubt scarlett played with barbie as a child . 
  interestingly i did not state my admittedly unpopular hypothesis . 
  i was surprised i got downvoted for asking an honest question . 
  i am working towards that too . 
  on about 900 wins as zerg , 800 as protoss and 600 as terran . 
  honestly i do n't know how people manage to play terran . 
  it is so much harder than the other races . 
  if i want the portrait i would have to stop playing random , start choosing terran and drop down a league . 
  it has psychological value . 
  it can scare opponents , 
  have you ever thought that these 6 accounts do not exactly help to achieve that goal ? 
  or in fact any goal unless you are playing on a pro level and want to hide your strategies . 
  that makes no sense . 
  superman is definitely the most stupid superhero ever created . 
  he does n't even have personality disorder like some of the others . 
  this is why in every superman story it turns out kryptonite is easier to come by than aspirin . 
  yes but i would expect that even most tolerant parents would somewhat push children towards the toys supposed to be interesting for their gender . 
  even if it is not the parents then extended family and friends will bring this type of presents . 
  omg here is someone actually thinking about the proper way to play a map instead of complaining they ca n't use exactly the same strategy . 
  nobody ever won off of blink on steppes ,
