  because it is . 
  if you do n't let social pressure influence you it is pretty easy . 
  and you will find people who are passionate about the game all the time in places you do n't expect . 
  of course . 
  everyone likes different things . 
  some people like stupid games . 
  some people even like intelligent games and stupid games , 
  yes please . 
  i am really tired of the macro fest games . 
  maybe this will make the game more interesting in the early game and promote more inventive cheese . 
  i wish they would produce more diverse maps ( smaller maps , air maps ) but i 've kind of given up hope . 
  i once watched an interview with the bulgarian chess grandmaster and world champion vesselin topalov . 
  he was asked if chess was a game , an art or a sport . 
  he said this :, 
  `` for normal people who play from time to time for fun it is just a game . 
  for me it is a sport because i am chasing results . 
  for a real fan who understands the highest level of play it is an art . '', 
  i think this fully applies to starcraft . 
  maybe it is a game for most people but for some of us it is a sport and an art . 
  i do n't have any experience with either mice but the steelseries keyboards kick ass and the razer keyboards are a piece of plastic flashing garbage . 
  also i had razer onza game pad that failed pretty fast . 
  razer stuff looks cool but i do n't have confidence it will endure the amount of damage real gaming gear should . 
  `` create '' is more . net style . 
  burrow at hatch is beautiful . 
  now bring back some of the smaller maps !, 
  starcraft ii has slowly become more boring to watch since someone decided that maps should become bigger and very similar in the name of balance . 
  if you are a mac user then you do n't really care about games , 
  they do n't patch it so we can get excited when white-ra builds it , 
  it is called beta for a reason . 
  you do n't pay for it and you do n't expect it to work . 
  there are many more groups discriminated with betas . 
  for example blizzard usually give beta keys only in the us first so there will be enough players during their work hours . 
  should eu players rage over the unreleased game ? 
  sorry `` right now '' is not going to happen but if you pm me i would be glad to play if we 're on the same server . 
  however i do n't see what that would prove . 
  no it would not prove that . 
  it would prove that you are better at starcraft than me  sorry but i am on eu . 
  we would either have to wait for cross realm play or for mac beta update . 
  also i did not say `` starcraft '' i said `` games '' . 
  seeing that enough games do not work on mac obviously people who use mac do n't find this as important . 
  i was but i found it surprising that they took it so serious . 
  this made me serious . 
  if you write 20 lines of js per web project you do n't need replacement for js . 
  even if it was brainfuck you would not need replacement . 
  however some of us are required to write thousands of lines of js :(, 
  valid question . 
  i do n't know the answer but i know that badass anders has the best possible one so i look forward to the time this happens so we all can watch and learn . 
  i misunderstood what you meant . 
  well still typescript has some advantages over dart or whatever . 
  it is practically 0 investment . 
  it is not only easier to learn typescript than dart ( provided that you know js ) but also if typescript disappears tomorrow you can just take the resulting javascript and treat it as written by human . 
  you can not say that about dart . 
  better interop with existing code be it your old code or the code out there . 
  jquery will be ported to dart for sure but can you say this about every possible jquery plugin ? 
  how about every so question with a js snippet in it ? 
  you can debug the resulting js directly as it is almost the same as the source typescript . 
  dart injects a lot of code . 
  this is really important feature until major browsers get built in dart interpreter and debugger which in my opinion will never happen . 
  i get really annoyed when someone throws the open source marketing term around . 
  if dart does not get adopted it has gone . 
  it does n't matter if it is open source since you can not just develop it yourself . 
  if people decide dart is dead and stop developing libraries you are pretty much screwed if you invested in dart . 
  because no open source project ever got abandoned and turned out to be a bad choice . 
  if i was a large company like oracle , microsoft , google , vmware , etc. 
  then the fact that something is open source may have helped me because i would have the resources to fix it . 
  for normal companies it does n't matter at all if it is open source . 
  i am skeptical about dart . 
  the web has a tendency to fight any attempt to replace javascript . 
  maybe google can pull it off . 
  i would be happy to see javascript replaced by dart which is obviously much better than both js and typescript but i would also be happy to see google fail miserably just because i find them so disgusting company . 
  yes but this is assuming that the community will stay large . 
  if people are interested in dart it will not die for sure . 
  even if it was not open source there is no reason for google to kill it if it gets adopted . 
  obviously the question is if critical amount of people will agree that the project is important . 
  with typescript this is not the case . 
  even if no one cares about it but me i still have a path back to js without losing anything . 
  of course but if you are using dart in one of these endless project ( that are in developed forever ) you most certainly do n't want to bet on a tech that is going to die . 
  if typescript dies - no problem just use the resulting javascript as if it was hand written . 
  btw the last web project i worked on was just one of those endless project started 7 years ago . 
  it is still in development but i do n't work there anymore . 
  there is some ancient code there . 
  you could but try to hire someone to write java 1.0 code or new libraries that are designed to be used by java 1.0, 
  i clicked on the link expecting that he is going to talk about the you ai n't gon na need it principle and intended to defend him . 
  then i read the article ... 
  i am perfectly sure i get cheesed more than non-random players . 
  people do n't have builds prepared against random and they just cannon rush or proxy rax/gates or 6 pool . 
  speaking from random masters experience, 
  first of all cheese is not bm . 
  second i call bullshit on your claim that every random player cheeses . 
  in fact it is easier to abuse random with economic opening because the other player is forced into non-standard build . 
  this is pretty much my experience . 
  also someone spreads the lie that you are not allowed to play random in a tournament which is a total bullshit, 
  my stats with terran is also obviously worse than the other two races ( i have slightly more wins with zerg than protoss ) it is obvious to me that at sub-pro level terran is the hardest race . 
  i ca n't speak about pros because i am not a pro but at masters level terran is obviously harder . 
  also tvz seems harder than tvp . 
  also i am sure that 30 marines and 15 sieged tanks would destroy practically infinite amount of ultras and lings . 
  in an actual game this attack has no chance . 
  have you ever tried to attack into 15 sieged tanks and 30 marines with ultra/ling ? 
  now if brood lords or infestors join the battle ... 
  this is beta =  not canon yet ,
