  um ... in fact they did . 
  silverlight is how you develop for the phone . 
  also the ui part of xaml apps is like 90 % silverlight ( some controls added , some controls missing , many namespaces renamed but otherwise pretty much the same ) in windows 8 they introduced the winrt api ( which usually refers to non-ui components ) with the purpose of unifying it for c++ , c # and js . 
  while the api still has . net feel to it ( for example the naming convention ) they took special care to make it more natural to c++ devs compared to what a silverlight api would be . 
  there is no windows 8 phone only windows phone 8 . 
  windows 8 is different operating system which has separate marketplace and different apps . 
  currently there are no windows 8 phones . 
  there are windows phone 8 devices which is different operating system with different set of apps . 
  i see , 
  and maybe he is not a korean and does not care about the top 10 list of most popular games in korea, 
  in professional play it is easy . 
  tournament organizers ban them , 
  i never understood the idea of `` difficult '' competitive game . 
  after all the each match is as difficult as the opponent 's skill . 
  this is quite an oversimplification . 
  first of all mechanics have diminishing returns as you get better . 
  if you improve your mechanics in diamond you may get to high masters but if you improve your mechanics as gm you will not necessary become a pro . 
  when mechanics are almost equal everything is decides by the remaining 10 % . 
  in addition scouting is tightly related to decision making . 
  knowing when to scout how to maneuver your probes where to hide your building and switching strategies ( even canceling buildings ) depending on what your opponent saw is certainly related to decision making . 
  that being said i agree that 50/50 is silly . 
  i am pretty sure he was joking , 
  i am laughing out loud and i am at work ... now smart guy tell me how do i explain to non-hardcore , non-competitive gamer coworkers what i am laughing at !, 
  i checked the top 25 list of players and sc2 is not significantly ahead . 
  you may be right about the mature scene but sharing does not really matter for each players earnings . 
  check the top players charts . 
  sc is ahead but nowhere near 5 times ahead . 
  more like 30 % ahead . 
  hmm i could never remember if masters is top 5 % or top 2 % and if they masters % are taken from diamond . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  it may depend on the state of the ladder ( for example if you are one of the first to play placement matches in hots ) . 
  i 've never seen anyone get placed into diamond including some of my gm friends . 
  that guy sucks so bad . 
  too bad he is foreigner and i feel like i ought to support him when he plays against koreans , 
  play for a week and see if you enjoy the actual game ( but be prepared to lose a lot ) . 
  if you do n't enjoy the game you have 0 chance of becoming a pro no matter what skills you have . 
  that being said i doubt you will be able to become gm in less than an year with no rts experience even if you happen to have talent for rts games . 
  i understand that and i also understand that the skill ceiling for sc2 is probably higher than the skill ceiling for lol but i doubt anyone plays any of the popular competitive games at the skill ceiling unless of course you exclude decision making from `` skill '' . 
  he was joking . 
  this used to happen to me 15 + years ago when i did not have the opportunity to play multiplayer often ( no internet connection , not many people had computers ) . 
  then multiplayer became more approachable and i quickly lost that feeling and only got it in tournaments , then only in big ( national lan because i 've never been to international ) tournaments and then i lost it forever . 
  frankly i miss this level of excitement and adrenaline rush . 
  if you want to play 1 vs 1 do n't worry you will lose it in a week . 
  in fact this is the right way to use the word . 
  in the sc scene `` macro '' has been twisted to mean `` production micro '' . 
  or even a week , 
  i do n't comment on his skill but on his attitude . 
  maybe it does not mean shit to you bit it means a lot to me . 
  the two reasons i like certain players are attitude and interesting play style . 
  idra is good ( at times ) but he has neither cool attitude nor interesting playstyle . 
  note that attitude does not exclude bad manner . 
  for example ntt is my favorite player ever and he was known for bad manner but he did not whine all the time . 
  well it all started with my opinion in a comment so in the context of this conversation it matters . 
  on the other hand i can point out to white-ra as a player who is more successful than idra with worse results only because of his attitude so maybe idea 's attitude does hurt him, 
  i define success by the value of the players brand and the money they can make via that brand . 
  btw how does stream viewers numbers compare for those two . 
  anyway as i said my original comment was my personal opinion about the type of player i do n't like and no amount of success ( whatever that means ) will make me respect him . 
  of course this is even more true the other way around - idea probably does not care if i respect him . 
  i just try to vote with my wallet buying merchandize and products from the sponsors of the players i like instead of the players i do n't . 
  btw i would watch idra 's stream of it was interesting but he is the most boring type of pure mechanics player, 
  interesting numbers . 
  well ok i might be wrong . 
  every time i have tuned to idra 's stream he talks about how the other guy is `` terrible '' but he is winning because his race is op or how the other guy is so terrible that he loses even though his race is op . 
  not very productive thing to listen to in my opinion . 
  i do n't really feel the need to explain that subjective statements like `` suck '' are personal opinion especially in reddit comments where personal opinion is the default when no proof or source is given . 
  i am bored to death of this balance thing . 
  i want creative games on creative maps even if 4/5 of the games are build order wins they are still more interesting than the mechanical macro fest we 've been watching in the second half of wol, 
  or they can push for more one base plays ( which in my opinion is awesome ), 
  the campaign is cool though in my opinion a wol is somewhat better ( the story is better in hots though ) . 
  i think if you only care about the campaign the game might be a little expensive and i would wait for a price cut . 
  however you should n't be scared of the multiplayer even if you are bad . 
  we were all bad once  try playing team games with friends ( 3 vs 3 or 4 vs 4 ladder ) and try to improve this way . 
  you will see that the multiplayer is the real fun . 
  if you get stomped enough times you will be matched by someone at your skill level . 
  why did you like the hots campaign more ? 
  i liked the hots campaign but not as much as wol from gameplay stand point ( i liked the story in hots more ) . 
  i felt the missions were a bit lacking in strategy and some of them were more like diablo than sc ( after all they had the d3 belial battle in the game ) . 
  there were just a couple of defend for x minutes missions and on higher difficulty levels it is near impossible to wipe out the opponent anyway . 
  what i did not like in hots is that i could just pick a composition and build only it in every mission . 
  for example if you go roach/hydra + kerrigan you can beat every mission . 
  there are other compositions as well . 
  i feel like they removed all the strategy from the game . 
  however the missions have this zerg swarm feel to it where the game gives you the opportunity to pour endless waves of armies against the enemy in a true zerg fashion . 
  good thing popularity does not equal quality because in the other case it would mean that the best way to develop client apps is a document format and a programming language developed in two weeks and patched for two decades . 
  honestly this guy got what he deserved for going into the mess that is the web . 
  this !, 
  developing web applications is exactly like developing applications in word documents with vbscript except that for some reason web applications are accepted as normal and word document applications are not . 
  mark reinhold did mention reified generics several times in presentations as a future goal for java 9 . 
  the backward compatibility will be broken for a small number of edge cases that are probably wrong anyway . 
  also they may find a way to switch between the two types of generics . 
  worth mentioning is that these extension methods can be compiled to regular . net code or to expression trees ( the case with iqueryable ) in which case a provider can programmatically generate code for the target platform ( like sql , twitter api , etc. ), 
  with relative ease . 
  effectively it is a hook in the compiler where the provider is responsible only for the code generation and uses the compiler 's lexer and parser . 
  you are correct that the argument is flawed . 
  however unlike the bad parts of c++ linq is accepted and loved by the . net community . 
  you could say that it has passed the test of time . 
  i 've never seen anyone who ever used linq express anything but satisfaction about it . 
  that can not be said for c++ . 
  linq by itself is a c # syntax for working with data + a set of predefined methods for doing so . 
  there are different flavors of linq .
