  production buildings ( usually on two hotkeys so ), 
  - orbitals ( all of them on all hotkeys ), 
  zerg, 
  lings or roach + hydra . 
  sometimes depending on the situation specifically if the opponent has banelings hydras go on 2, 
  2 . roaches if i am using lings and roaches or banelings if i am using ling/baneling, 
  mutas, 
  infestors, 
  5-10 - hatcheries ( all of them on all hotkeys ), 
  protoss, 
  army . 
  melee units only if the army is not sophisticated and i have spare hotkeys , all ground non-casters if the army is complicated . 
  usually only zealots , adepts and archons, 
  ground ranged army ( stalkers + sentries + immortals ) or air army ( phoenixes , oracles ) if i am going for sky, 
  high templars, 
  stargates or whatever production buildings are important ( may be robos ), 
  as a random player i often mess up my groups :(, 
  time to die :(, 
  for the uninitiated :, 
  the starcraft 2 player idra was known for rage quitting even in tournaments and raging about imbalances all the time . 
  in one tournament he is playing a match against the player huk . 
  huk is losing the game but produces a large army of hallucinations ( spell that produces units which do not do damage ) . 
  idra scouts the army , sees how large it is and because he is convinced protoss is imba he just quits the game without even fighting ( had he fought he would have won because the units were n't real ) . 
  the second game of the match starts and huk knows that idra is easily tilted so he tells him about the trick to make him rage even more, 
  `` you realize most of that army was halluc '', 
  to which idra replies `` fuck off '' . 
  this is what parent and gp posts are referring to . 
  yeah and considering this picture is from bulgaria who knows maybe when the kid grows up it will be our turn to be annexed by russia . 
  only quake and starcraft players have the moral ground to insult dota players , 
  the kid has grandparents for that , duh !, 
  idra is controversial figure . 
  i would n't call him pathetic though i do think his attitude should be discouraged and is harmful to him . 
  he is relatively reasonable in interviews and such which can not be said for everyone in the sc2 scene ( and the sc2 scene is one of the better pro scenes in terms of manners ), 
  the cancer incident was on the ladder i think and team made him apologize if i recall correctly . 
  honestly i disagree with such bans . 
  i will not support the player who does this but i want them in the competition no matter how bad mannered they are . 
  i want the champion to be the best not `` the best but these unmannered players got banned '', 
  i know , brother but we have to spread the story , 
  i do n't think he is the biggest non-korean legend ever . 
  how do you measure this . 
  i think stephano and naniwa have comparable if not greater accomplishments and neeb may have even surpassed him . 
  if we count sc1 then grrrr ... is surely ahead . 
  i think the proper comparison is to your peers not with the benefit of the evolved beta . 
  sure the best idra would beat the best grrrr ... but idra was n't even in the top 10 of his time and grrrr ... was a practically a bonjwa in the first year of brood war, 
  i do not respect absolute skill much because it builds on the shoulders of giants . 
  i think the innovation that the top players bring is much more impressive . 
  this is why grrrr ... will forever be the greatest foreigner for me unless someone develops a style which allows them to dominate the opponents that much . 
  of course these days dominating is much harder and this is why we do n't have sc2 bonjwas ( mvp could have been and so could have life but they did n't make it ) but still i only respect the relative skill of the player compared to their peers in their prime . 
  i think the coop is the only significant feature for the popularity of the game . 
  so yes it would . 
  but i really believe that the best blizzard could do for the popularity of the game is to promote 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 at some competitive level . 
  even id are doing that with quake . 
  they have realized that a demanding 1 vs 1 game can hardly make it in the market today and are pushing 2 competitive modes in parallel 1 vs 1 duel and 4 vs 4 sacrifice, 
  why would people sell everything ever ? 
  if you have 1000 btc and you think it wo n't go up sell 900 , make a nice profit and keep some just in case . 
  i wonder that too . 
  i actually like the guy a lot other than his bitcoin bullshit . 
  i also hodl very physical gold ( in my house ) . 
  just point out that both are not printed by the government and advise people to hedge between both . 
  i think he really believes what he says and is not doing it because he hates the competition . 
  i hold the unpopular opinion that this was a downgrade . 
  provided that i did not play that much competitive quake when it was introduced i think it removed part of the strategy for the sake of increasing action and adrenaline . 
  for example i liked that you had to consider if switching weapons was worth the downtime . 
  reducing the team size to 3 vs 3 also makes it like 2 times easier to find an actual team to play and improve together . 
  especially true for people with actual jobs and families . 
  so they are 100 % sure that this will happen and it will happen with 100 % certainty before the price increases further ? 
  in my experience skype is much better since microsoft acquired it . 
  first of all it got offline messages which is a must have feature for an im that skype chose to neglect for almost a decade . 
  in addition it stopped using my computer as a relay server and the outages are shorter than the outages we had back in the days . 
  at one point skype went down for 3 days i think . 
  ms also fixed the issue with skype showing your ip address that got people ddosed . 
  i have n't done much research but the interview tools that i have seen are always js-only . 
  this is browser based and you can join as a guest . 
  that being said i find it interesting that people do n't use skype . 
  i use facebook chat more these days but facebook chat is like the opposite of professional stuff ( you do n't want to add your boss on facebook normally , let alone your clients ) . 
  so most of my work chat goes through skype . 
  this is a great point !, 
  the thing with slack is that once you stop working at/with the company in question you lose the contacts . 
  skype has the staying power because even if i added only one person on skype during the time i worked with a group of people on slack then this person stays in my contacts and even if the next group of people i work with uses slack i am still disconnected from my old contacts so i have no investment in slack except my immediate group of people i work with . 
  so can we expect that the refactorings will arrive to vs with the next major vs update ? 
  ( say 15.4 ) i understand that vs code is the main tool ts developers use but vs seems to be neglected too much . 
  a lot of us do mainly c # work and only occasionally need to touch ts . 
  yeah ... you know what ? 
  some of us do not care about ideological wars and want to build products for paying customers . 
  we use vs because it solves our problem and we do not care if other people can use our codebase with their tools . 
  this is why we request from the vendors of our tools of choice the features that we need . 
  well this is why companies use a certain set of tools . 
  if you do n't like vs do not work for a company that uses vs. 
  same for people who only want to use vs - just do n't work in places where they do not use vs. 
  the real question is if web standards work as expected how come a feature work on edge and chrome but not on firefox ? 
  i doubt it . 
  but undelivered ( with an indication ) is actually better than delivering them in random order . 
  i have seen scandals about failed real life meetings because people used skype on different computers and the messages were delivered in strange order . 
  my girlfriend comes home yesterday sees me looking at the price charts, 
  she : what is going on ? 
  me : with the price ? 
  it is going up . 
  she : i saw a bunch of anti-bitcoin articles today and figured the price must be going up . 
  i 've only built 3 spas ( actually like 6 but 3 of them used very similar structure we just copied from the previous app ) and i have always considered breaking the back button and not being able to link stuff totally unacceptable . 
  i do n't know how people can do that and be fine with it .
