  currently i do n't think this is correct . 
  ms made a big push towards powershell and non-gui support when they made server core ( the windows server edition ) . 
  on the other hand it is correct to say that most know-how is around the gui tools and it is hard to find info about command line stuff because the communist still uses mostly the gui tools, 
  it is hard but somehow it has worked better for practically everything else in the it world . 
  languages have moved on , tools have moved on but the database world moves like a glacier . 
  i understand that but we invent new languages to solve these problems and it is not like sql is particularly standard and unified across the board . 
  hell even js which needs far more compatibility between different implementations is making progress 10 times faster than database languages . 
  and it is not only the language it is features like the one described in the article . 
  see the part about the create table statement . 
  yeah ... like 15 years after java got those features in ides intellij comes around and proves all those who say that the reason is in the technical limitations of sql wrong . 
  i have heard and seen scientists ' and mathematicians ' code . 
  it is bad . 
  this is supported by the general opinion about scientists ' code . 
  also even the code could have been from one person . 
  it is interesting how many people did the math and the economic analysis . 
  autocorrect got me but i like it so i will not edit , 
  btw when did you write this article because your statements about . net vendor lock-in ( which are totally unneeded and unrelated to the rest of the article ) fall flat in a very funny way in the light of last week 's announcement about . net going open source and cross platform ? 
  oh come on ... no company is embracing open source and cross platform when they are on the top . 
  they do it when they are weak . 
  look at google for example . 
  the open android was very open until they owned the market and now there is the new google play service which basically serves as a way to control the platform via all new apis and is closed source . 
  open source is a good thing because it allows newcomers ( or weakened companies ) to compete on an established market in disruptive ways but companies work for money and not for ideals and this is how it should be . 
  if a company works for something else then it is a scam and they are stealing from their shareholders . 
  btw 1 and 2 are already proven by their track record of open sourcing . net technologies for years and 3 is highly likely considering the massive investment they did in . net in recent years ( roslyn , ryujit , . net native , asp.net vnext ), 
  yeah , whatever ... 
  even if the code was written by one guy this still does not mean the concept was invented and reviewed by a single guy . 
  there can be workarounds about that . 
  for example the new jetbrains ide supports completion even there . 
  obviously it is not perfect but you can just list all the columns and if you say e. you can list the columns on tables that start with e first because it is highly likely that e is an alias for a table that starts with e ( say employees ) . 
  of course i am not talking about the tools only but also about minor language features and library features . 
  i actually imagine ( no basis really ) that it was a small team of around 4-5 people . 
  maybe one of them doing the programming and others being crypto researchers and mathematicians verifying the work and participating in the design . 
  of course if i can not exclude it being one person but i would be stunned that someone that ingenious could exist . 
  in this case i would love to be surprised i just do n't believe i will be , 
  funny thing is that my repulsion for states printing money is much stronger than my repulsion for islamic terrorism so this news made me dislike isis less . 
  i realize that islamic terrorism is quite a bit worse than printing money but i have not suffered from terrorism only from brutal inflation and weak currency ( i am from eastern europe ), 
  i am an ayn rand fan although i have not read any of her books . 
  i was surprised to find ( via wikipedia and the movie adaptation of atlas shrugged as well as a bunch of comments like yours ) that she basically described the same ideas that always felt natural to me . 
  neither i nor ayn rand says that organizations do not or should not exist for ideals ( hell , i contribute to some of them with my money ) . 
  however if an organization calls itself a for profit company ( like ms and google ) it should try to make a profit as long as it does so legally . 
  it will be best if they do not try to pretend they are not being evil like that company that likes to pretend they are somehow different . 
  for example i never claimed that mozilla are doing open source because they are weak since they are not a for profit company . 
  i actually know some people using . net with postgresql . 
  i have used it a lot . 
  if someone told me to use an ide on this level for c # i would laugh at them for hours in any given year, 
  surely they can allow both select ... from and from ... 
  select ... to enable powerful statement completion, 
  it could . 
  of course we 've already made the other atrocities illegal and printing money seems to be ok . 
  so much fun coming . 
  especially when i blind counter the all ins . 
  i feel that my 1 base 3 rax marauder strategy will be extremely successful this season , 
  i was there before the dream pool . 
  desert oasis , lost temple , scrap station , kulas ravine these were the days ... 
  i do n't want to destroy all your hopes but i once developed a mills mobile game with multiplayer mode . 
  sometimes a pending bug happens and i was never able to fix it :(, 
  i played a tournament on that map 2 weeks ago . 
  it was an esl qualifier for something and the admin forgot to change the maps . 
  we could have used current maps but both thought old maps were much more fun so we decided to play scrap station, 
  greatest game on kulas was inca vs fruit dealer ( i think ) in the gsl . 
  tasteless and artosis explain that inca said he had the greatest strategy on this map and it can not possibly be stopped if you had not seen it before . 
  they repeat this for some time so everyone gets hyped . 
  fruit dealer 6 pools and kills inca . 
  i literally ca n't stop laughing for 3 minutes . 
  nobody can convince me that sc now is better than sc then even if it is more balanced . 
  great map too !, 
  i remember beating that guy dalailamer on it . 
  he was famous back then and made it into those top 200 lists that were effectively gm at the time . 
  he tried to cheese me with proxy rax but i scouted and reacted properly so he just scouted me and quit . 
  i got some insane amount of points like 18 + 18 from bonus pool , 
  inceneration zone came later i think . 
  it was after xel naga caverns right ? 
  why would n't i use it . 
  i pay for it ( even if i do not want to ) . 
  btw my country ca n't print money these days because we printed too much at one point . 
  we are in a currency board . 
  i ca n't find the vods but it seems to be from open season 1, 
  it is possible that it was not inca but i am pretty sure it was fruit dealer with the 6 pool, 
  this game made for mobile phones - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nine_men%27s_morris, 
  i use var when the type is not clear from the expression on the right side . 
  var values = getvalues ( ) ;, 
  but, 
  var s = `` some string '' ; / / string literal, 
  var d = new dictionary < guid , list < customers   ( ) / / type mentioned, 
  even when i disagree with the usage of var i can clearly see the advantages . 
  easier refactoring ( although with a slight risk ) , less ceremony in code , arguably easier to read , no need for importing namespaces and of course anonymous types are outright impossible without it . 
  on the other hand i simply do n't see the benefit of expression-bodied methods . 
  i do n't see why =  is significantly better than a pair of braces . 
  yes the return is gone but is it worth it ? 
  note that your comment did not point to any benefits from the new syntax . 
  i am not worried about understanding the feature or even that it will make worse . 
  i am worried because i do not see any benefit and somebody far smarter than me thought there was enough benefit to do all the development . 
  what am i missing ? 
  i always write the block braces too , 
  however i do see the benefit of skipping them . 
  i do n't see the benefit of expression-bodied methods . 
  oh when i watch it again i remember it was even cooler since they talk about spunky the legendary coach who planned the whole thing . 
  fruitdealer does n't care about your legendary status and about supposed weak zerg . 
  he just wins shit . 
  i thought we are talking about the sc character and his return to lotv .
