  i set most things to ultra except terrain and lightening which i set to high . 
  terrain has this small things like birds or bushes which i sometimes mistake for units while scrolling around . 
  ultra lightening turns on dynamic lightening from laps that move . 
  this sometimes makes me think that an unit is moving . 
  i honestly do n't see anything else in the high settings that can be a problem for the player and i think that people who set everything on low are just not used to the better graphics and are just pretending there is a problem . 
  what is more on low settings force fields are practically invisible . 
  i find it a bit ironic how the `` omg sc is the hardest game ever and everything else is for noobs !!, 
  ! 11 '' crowd made sure to remove everything that is fun from the game and then complains that people went on to play other games . 
  i am talking about the total disregard of team games ( no 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 tournaments ) , the dumbification of the maps and the forced macro games , the hate on cheese ( in my experience new players love to cheese ) , etc. 
  and then street fighter , 
  this is true . 
  and the sc2 community made a targeted effort to kill its team scene by not watching or advertising any 2 vs 2 tournaments and in many cases outright declaring the game type stupid and pointless . 
  is this a troll or a joke ? 
  he said quake , not cod . 
  cod is the fps equivalent of lol, 
  blizzard does not support team games ? 
  just yesterday i played like 10 games 3 vs 3 . 
  blizzard supports team games just fine . 
  it is the community that hates on team games because they are not hard enough and do not require skill or something . 
  i do n't know anyone who played more than a hundred ra1 or ra2 multiplayer games . 
  age of empires 2 was the only game that can make the actual claim but still the ratio is like 10:1 . 
  people who like these games usually play very little and even then many more people like sc . 
  see ? 
  this is what i am talking about . 
  btw the funny thing is it does n't even matter if they are balanced . 
  the sc community is the only one obsessed with balance . 
  and while there are only 3 races in 1 vs 1 and it makes some sense it does n't matter at all for 2 vs 2 and even less for 3 vs 3 . 
  if some race is weaker just do n't play it . 
  people do n't play weak champs in lol or weak fighters in street fighter and these games are doing just fine . 
  still i claim that it does not matter for team games . 
  if certain combination of races is bad then do n't play it . 
  there are so many other combinations . 
  or are you going to claim that certain combination is superior to all others ? 
  please list the imba combinations that can beat any other combination . 
  if you list more than 2 combinations as imba then team games are still net positive since there will be equal or greater number of matchups . 
  this is also why people play sc ( or quake for that matter ) . 
  it is so competitive and i would n't set for less . 
  on the other hand i really do n't know why the community promotes 1 vs 1 over anything else . 
  for example where i live the first 3 years of sc1 ( 98-2001 ) it was kind of accepted that the default and most important game type was 2 vs 2 . 
  all tournaments were 2 vs 2 and so on . 
  even the first years of warcraft iii had serious 2 vs 2 scene . 
  i clearly remember that even after ft was released all clan wars included a 2 vs 2 match and there were 2 vs 2 tournaments . 
  funny thing but i have seen people claim that a team without zerg player can not beat z + p ling + cannon rush . 
  do n't forget to include his straight , serious pre-game face . 
  mine too !, 
  i am sorry for all the people whose heart stopped beating during this game since they are now dead . 
  i am not interested in ayende 's excuses for the fact that nhibernate 's linq provider is unusable . 
  yes . 
  3 years ago / u/willvarfar did not know about it now he does . 
  when i had to write significant amount of js i was surprised by how much of a difference the lambda expression syntax makes compared to anonymous functions despite the fact that they are in theory the same . 
  yes , this is exactly what i mean . 
  also do n't forget that languages with terrible keywords often need not only the keyword but all the parenthesis , braces and `` return '' ceremony . 
  i would surely go for typescript the next time and with the things i learned about coffeescript 's variable scoping i am happy i did not try it . 
  i do n't see what the problem is with orm if you do n't go down the `` orm all the things ! '', 
  road . 
  in my opinion orm works just fine if you only map the simple cases and you just map stored procedures for the complex stuff . 
  of course nhibernate 's linq provider does not work even for simple cases ... 
  to be honest i have n't even heard of livescript except as one of the names of javascript before it was renamed to javascript . 
  it looks ok at first sight but i 'd still choose typescript for the following reasons, 
  * i am a big fan of anders ( hallowed be his name ), 
  * i do n't like the style of declaring variables upon first usage . 
  i feel like it creates a lot of room for mistakes . 
  * livescript seems to have somewhat harder learning curve than typescript for my background, 
  * i like typescript 's idea of compiling to human readable js and the option to include snippets of js directly . 
  this makes adoption easier and far less risky . 
  no linq no deal , 
  but with coffeescript the js parts are not parts of the language are they ? 
  they are more like embedding assembly in c++, 
  i want to see mono ported to asm.js so badly . 
  c # to js translators suck . 
  you are completely right about the gc and certain mozilla blog post discussed it would be feasible to use the browser gc in the next version of js where there will be classes that can be used to model the classes of managed languages and they will be subject to the browser gc . 
  i want to write linq to the database . 
  i know i want . 
  most of my experience is writing data access as stored procedures and other forms of raw sql . 
  i fully understand that more complex queries need to go through raw sql but i do n't want to write another select ... from table where date  ... in my life . 
  yes , i expect full language integration like typescript . 
  basically in typescript js is part of the language . 
  why would a js compiler be significantly slower than a compiler written in another language ? 
  looks good . 
  i may try it if i start a new project that is sufficiently small so i might risk it . 
  although to be honest i do n't really have a problem with ms orms though i do n't have significant experience with ef only with linq to sql . 
  as long as one is willing to wire a sp when the query becomes more complex things seem to work fine . 
  it is when people insist on never writing sql that things go bad . 
  yeah i realize that . 
  and i think the typescript way introduces less risk and makes it easier to use current know-how . 
  currently not but some day . 
  also i believe dart is a doomed project . 
  in fact this is the only decompiler i 've ever used . 
  i do n't know what is the big deal with decompilers anyway . 
  i rarely feel the need to decompile binaries . 
  the real value of dart over other compile to js languages is that there is a chance to have a dart vm in the browsers except that i do n't think there is a chance to have a dart vm in the browsers . 
  i wish sc2 had the longevity and the competitive scene of ra1 , ra2 and aoe1 ... said no sc2 player ever . 
  ironically i think the problem with sc2 as a game is the community and the fact that blizzards listens to it so much . 
  for example i think that making the maps bigger and practically the same to provide `` balance '' and kill somewhat cheesy strategies made the game far more boring than it used to be with the wol launch maps . 
  on the other hand i agree that blizzard 's handling of the competitive scene is just absurd especially with this year 's wcs . 
  i also agree on the battle.net ui issues but i think the importance of this is overblown . 
  i thought debugging is a solved problem for compile to js languages with source maps ? 
  android may get dart vm ... so what ? 
  there are many high quality languages that already run on android . 
  why would i care about dart on this platform when i can already write code in scala , c # or python ?
