  thanks . 
  just 2 days ago a friend of mine asked what she needed to buy to play custom games ( 2 people against 2 ais ) . 
  i happened to know that this is available in starter but i could not find a detailed and current information on what is available in starter and what not . 
  to be honest this video does n't provide all the info on starter i was looking for but still very good . 
  thanks , that should be on blizzard 's website so google can find it , 
  the reason is that html was designed to layout content like a pdf document . 
  therefore html itself avoids layout elements in the markup and exports them to css because the structure of the document is supposedly what is important . 
  xaml embraces the fact that it is an application development framework and puts the layout options in elements as opposed of styles . 
  well at least this is what i always thought was the reason ... 
  if that was the case we would n't have a story to comment on . 
  or ... you know ... got a license from sun . 
  that would have prevented legal trouble and probably saved sun from the bankruptcy that sent them into the hands of oracle ( thanks schwartz you delusional hippie ! ), 
  oh , i do n't know , maybe to avoid what happens right now ? 
  in addition they could have used the jvm ( which it seems is superior to dalvik ) and the java name . 
  they could have used a lot of code out of the box too and only added the android specific stuff . 
  so who 's fault is it that they drove themselves in this position ? 
  why are not oracle after apple 's swift for example ? 
  if this was a case with . net everyone would happily declare that you should never invest in ms technology because ms would sue you but everyone is happy to ignore the legal issues with open source technology which quite obviously exist . 
  let alone that it is super obvious that google knew they were in a grey area and they debated potential problems in their e-mails . 
  the fact that they did n't consider this particular attack vector is irrelevant . 
  if apis did n't turn out to be copyrightable oracle 's lawyers would have found something else . 
  yeah , like sc2 is closer to quake than to sc1 right ? 
  remember that time when ms did n't want to implement vp8 in their browser because the license situation was n't clear despite the fact that google were giving it for free ? 
  now you know what happens when a big company is not conservative with these decisions . 
  you simply do n't take something developed by someone else without explicit license and even then you need to be careful . 
  this is why companies develop their own tech so often even when an equivalent product is available seemingly for free . 
  what do you mean `` blame '' ? 
  i ai n't gon na beat them or anything . 
  it is more of a `` i told you so '' situation . 
  of course i wo n't blame oracle for the broken copyright/patent/trademark system . 
  it is not like they invented it , they are only playing by the established rules ( a.k.a. 
  laws ), 
  one can change just a couple of units in sc and some people will claim that it is completely different game . 
  is bw 1.07 the same game as bw 1.08 + ? 
  some would say that it is completely different ( hell , you can even win as terran ! ), 
  the more time you spend with one game the more it seems like every change makes it require completely different skillset . 
  as a matter of fact i a friend of mine joked that sc2 is just a remake of sc1 to the point that he expects blizzard to announce that it would be possible to play against the sc1 client in multiplayer with the sc2 client . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  i mean the jvm was working and currently works well on much weaker hardware . 
  this is my point . 
  to claim that they are `` totally different games where different skillsets are required '' is absurd . 
  there is no game that is closer to sc1 in required skillset than sc2 . 
  of course i did n't literally tell them anything but i already gave examples of companies that are afraid to use specific tech despite the fact that it is open . 
  in addition i disagree that function names are trivial . 
  in fact i claim that creating a good api is at least as hard if not harder than implementing it . 
  i do n't see why you think that oracle are abusing the system . 
  the system is designed so that newcomers pay the old dogs to get into the club . 
  most of the big companies have been sued for patents or something at some point . 
  google are not a holy cow and they too must pay the price of admission . 
  like that one time microsoft got sued by sun and lost for implementing java with additional features . 
  have you noticed how since donald trump became a real contender other politicians have started speaking publicly against political correctness ? 
   you do n't see how a company buying an asset , then suing another company for billions is strange to start with ? 
  it is not strange at all . 
  this happens all the time usually with patents but oracle could n't attack on the patent front . 
  example : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rockstar_consortium, 
  strange in this case it turns out that google are the victims ... again . 
  are they ? 
  please point to one game that is more similar to sc1 than sc2 !, 
  no it does n't . 
  the post mentions three games sc1 , sc2 , wc3 and specifically says that wc3 is on the opposite site of sc1 in relation to sc2 . 
  if there was an axis it would be like this ( according to the post which i disagree with but this is besides the point ) sc1 ... ... sc2 ... wc3, 
  why do you care ? 
  it wo n't be usable for practical purposes for a couple of years more and by that time you will upgrade . 
  i am planning a trip to valencia , sent e-mail to ask about open bracket sc2 tournament in mid april because i have to buy plane tickets , get vacation approved , etc. 
  i got an answer that they are planning to announce the games in the end of the month . 
  i assumed the end of april but seems like it will be the end of may . 
  honestly i find this super annoying . 
  to be honest i do not understand how anyone is able to play random team in any game at all . 
  last time i played random teams was in wc3 where i just told my much lower level partner to give me control and produce certain units and i controlled both armies . 
  i just ca n't bear it otherwise . 
  i could n't stand it in cs , i could n't stand it in tf2 . 
  i like team games and i play a lot with people i know ( in fact i 've setup 3 desktop computers in a room to play 3 vs 3 and 2 vs 2 together ) but this way we have a plan and actually improve rather than lead endless negotiations . 
  i kind of admire people who have the patience to play with random people . 
  edit : just for the record i think the suggested feature will be a huge improvement for people who want to play random teams . 
  i came to this conclusion before league existed . 
  i played like 10 games of dota back when it became popular in the warcraft iii days with semi-arranged teams . 
  i decided that i will never again play dota or any similar game . 
  i have not even touched lol , dota2 or hots ( the dota clone not the sc2 expansion ), 
  we got rid of our last server 2003 a couple of months ago but we did n't deploy our latest apps there anyway . 
  we used it for apps started in ~ 2003, 
  why ? 
  are they unaware that there is a sc expansion abbreviated as `` hots '' ? 
  yeah , i know . 
  i was trying to make a joke but failed :(, 
  this is a good reason not to run a node . 
  i run my classic node sometimes then i get ddosed and i stop it . 
  sometimes i remember to turn it on again sometimes i forget . 
  as time passes i remember to run the node less and less often . 
  i just started it now . 
  it seems to me that browsers which support es6 also support http2 . 
  however they do not support modules . 
  people who need motivation are normally not the ones who get promoted . 
  a guy who needs motivation may look at this video and say `` great everyone but me is getting promoted . 
  i must be terrible '', 
  the type of bullshit the article describes is precisely the reason why i gave myself the title ide operator on linkedin and stack overflow . 
  however we should not let rasmus lerdorf off the hook the terrible thing he produced . 
  hah ... they are migrating from node just now ? 
  what is this 2012 ? 
  laggards ... 
  i am pretty sure this website still uses several hundred lines left of the code i wrote when i was an intern in 2006 - http://moebelbasen.dk/,
