  if this is true it is counterproductive to their goals but maybe there are technical limitations . 
  i guess a business ca n't compete with the pirate bay for `` customers '' who are ok with getting their content from the pirate bay . 
  it is obvious that no service can compete with pirated content with or without drm . 
  what 's your point ? 
  by working drm i mean a technology that would really prevent people from creating a copy of the content . 
  i am prepared to have my rights restricted ( although i have no idea what rights are being restricted ) . 
  you do n't watch netflix , use browser that does n't implement drm or turn it off in the options . 
  i do n't see what the problem is and why people are complaining about drm in html5 specifically . 
  so how will html be less balkanized when interested parties ( apple , ms , google ) go ahead and implement some spec in their browsers even though it is not standardized by w3c ? 
  asm.js is artificially slowed down c code . 
  what is so strange about c code that does manual memory management being faster than java ? 
  async/await was introduced in mainstream programming languages by microsoft therefore it must be evil . 
  probably a plot to pollute free software in eee tactics . 
  edit :, 
  i do n't complain about it but i wonder why i am being downvoted, 
  1 ) people do n't get it 's a joke, 
  2 ) people get it 's a joke but think it is not funny, 
  3 ) people get it 's a joke but believe it is not something to joke about because the mono threat was real . 
  good thing we managed to fight it off . 
  i doubt the author has any intention to push it through standards but maybe some day someone will do it . 
  i expect microsoft to try to get something like this in the standard since the target group for typescript ( c # devs ) will probably push them to implement async/await in typescript and they will aim for compatibility with javascript, 
  i think it is disgusting , meaningless , uninspired , pop-shit which is completely out of place in competitive setting just like the street fighter iv theme song . 
  for e-sports you either need aggressive music to match the fighting spirit , inspiration songs ( we 're the champions ) or something that talks about people uniting despite the fact that they are different ( which is the whole point of sport ) . 
  but dance shit with love theme ? 
  fuck it !, 
  you mean they are being original by playing shitty songs while other tournaments play not so shitty songs ? 
  thanks . 
  i will work hard to tweak my future jokes according to the feedback , 
  i do n't particularly like dubstep or techno but it definitely beats the disco/eurodance 90s bullshit from dreamhack . 
  at least dubstep can be interpreted as aggressive music . 
  if by trolling you mean `` disagree '' then i am trolling . 
  i am more than two times 14 . 
  yes primary but not only and i do n't think this matters much in this case . 
  for example i always found gangnam style ok since it is part of geek culture and i do n't even mind k-pop on korean tournaments despite the fact that musically i find it total shit ( i prefer the dh playlist ) since k-pop represents part of the culture of a country so important for e-sports . 
  btw i kind of like dubstep in general . 
  prepare to be downvoted by the dance crowd . 
  cool . 
  i always find this feature useful . 
  my rap listening friends will have the same opinion for this list . 
  i have to test it with my friends who listen to d & b but i expect the same since i 've heard some opinions on eurodance from them , 
  as i already pointed out i feel that the music is totally out of place . 
  i was like the people you describe when i was in my teens . 
  i am long past the point when i feel the need to explain what music is shallow but this time someone made a post about how great the music is . 
  it is not . 
  and more importantly it does not fit the event at all . 
  i can hardly imagine music that would fit an e-sports event less ( same for the sf4 theme song ) . 
  literally every other well-known music i can think of is more appropriate and this includes all kinds of rock , ( real ) rap , k-pop , various kinds of electronic music , classical music and swedish folk music . 
  yes i know because i have actual reasons why it does not fit while the best reason why the music fits is nostalgia because you know this is what they listened to in high school . 
  on the other hand i hope the supply/resources panel moves up to the upper right corner where it belongs . 
  it is so annoying to look for the supply and not find it just to realize that it has been moved for no reason . 
  i am impressed by asm.js as much as the next guy but this is not so strange . 
  first of all asm.js is only faster than java when there is special support for asm.js . 
  second java still has things like protection from buffer overflow , memory leaks , etc. 
  which slow it down . 
  the . net community is too busy making money on the stack to `` defend '' the technology . 
  however today is sunday so i can spend the time to write this comment , 
  i agree but i was answering according to the question  by the very same logic no language/technology needs `` defending '' other than defending it on the market by producing cheap and good software with it in timely fashion ( yeah i know - `` good , cheap , in time - pick two '' ), 
  my impression from the video is that koreans are xenophobic and not racist . 
  xenophobia and racism are related but definitely not the same thing . 
  to be honest the germans today have taken it to the other extreme . 
  they 've forbidden swastika and some topics from history . 
  wolfenstein is banned ... 
  koreans ... even their racism is weird . 
  i find this veeeery surprising . 
  maybe it matters what country you want to go / work in ? 
  keep banging on the walls ... 
  a question to khaldor and other germans : how do you feel about racism `` rules '' in your country . 
  for example would you be offended if i showed up with a swastika tattoo and a copy of mein kampf and start complaining about the jews . 
  in my country if i do that most people will think i am an idiot but nobody is going to arrest me or feel ashamed because somebody else is a racist . 
  by contrast germans have draconian laws that ban the swastika and any discussion on holocaust denial . 
  they banned fucking wolfenstein !, 
  i ca n't imagine anyone in the world became a nazi after playing wolfenstein . 
  why do you have so absurd laws and how does the german society feel about them ? 
  what is the difference ? 
  btw i posted a full question about attitude towards racism in germany as part of the main thread because i find it really interesting . 
  is it legal to try to convince other people to become neo-nazis ? 
  i see . 
  basically neither the laws nor the society is as absurd as the news make it sound because what we see in the news are absurd corner cases like games . 
  yeah i wish people would make a difference between racism and letting a minority occupy part of the country and instantiate their own laws . 
  as far as i know in germany the turkish community has some tendency to do so . 
  my plan for fighting video game censorship in the world is to just wait for all the old people to die . 
  at that point everyone in the world would have grown up with video games and know that they do n't make you a murderer . 
  in my mind xenophobia is not related to race . 
  a xenophob may accept someone from a different race living in the country if they speak the language and accept the culture . 
  in contrast a racist may hate someone educated and paying taxes in the same country just because of his race . 
  for example if someone in the us hates black people he would be a racist but not xenophob . 
  of course this is just how i think the words are defined and i may be wrong . 
  well , people are often xenophobic against people from their own race . 
  being a bulgarian i have witnessed a recent european debate about expected mass emigration of bulgarians towards the uk after the job market restrictions are lifted . 
  bulgarians are definitely the same race as the english ( i.e. 
  white ) but this does not prevent xenophobia . 
  ok but it seems like the case in korea is from this different subset despite the fact that koreans are part of a different race . 
  i agree it would be interesting . 
  obviously there is a chance that white people integrated into the culture would still become victims of xenophobia in places where it is not obvious that they are integrated . 
  how does a person on the train know that the white guy in front of him speaks korean ? 
  according to wikipedia mono is in fact portable to * nix/bsd, 
   mono can be run on many software systems including android ( and most other linux distributions ) , bsd , os x , windows , solaris , and some for game consoles such as playstation 3 , wii , and xbox 360 . 
  interesting . 
  politics are hard , 
  the github metric seems very inconsistent to me .
