  the other one was one where you had to snipe some absurd number of units with one sniper shot . 
  had to look up on youtube how to do that . 
  worst part about that achievement is that you are not even sure if you are on the right track and are trying to do it on the correct place . 
  hots achievements were much easier . 
  allin was relatively easy for me . 
  of course it took a bunch of save/load but in general i was just gathering the zerg units with a lot of mind-control towers . 
  supernova was n't much of a problem either . 
  it seems that some upgrades/units are just much better but it is impossible to know which unless you play the campaign twice to compare . 
  anders hejlsberg is a true god of programming language design . 
  hallowed be his name !, 
  i 'd say that it is ~ 20 % more language to learn ( assuming you are going to learn the new javascript version anyway ), 
  it turns out human readable and human maintainable js output and full compatibility with the js ecosystem including with all the examples and so answers out there is a thing . 
  that depends on your compiler options although technically the ts compiler will output js even if it finds errors . 
  they tried it ( silverlight , dart ) . 
  did n't work . 
  this is a bit like communists who defend communism and claim that it was implemented wrong , by the wrong people every time but surely next time it will work . 
  on the other hand web assembly is just what you wish for . 
  i hope that someday someone will build silverlight or silverlight-like framework where i can write in c # and components are rendered with webgl and it works everywhere and i do n't have to think about html and js anymore . 
  you do n't like silverlight and prefer javafx ? 
  sure it can be ported the same way and we can all use the tools we like instead of being forced into the one size fits all way . 
  but this is just a dream and in the meantime i need to build software and also maybe that dream wo n't come true so investment in things like typescript is important . 
  well i certainly do n't see dart replacing javascript ( the context of the comment ) even if it works as a compile to js language, 
  the industry is large enough to invest in both directions . 
  i mean we all know that if there are say 50 people working on web assembly in the world ( including browser implementations ) the development will not go much faster if we make them 500 people . 
  9 women wo n't carry a baby in 1 month . 
  hell , reified generics are here because of f #, 
  `` wo n't fix '' and `` awaiting more feedback '' too, 
  first of all unfortunately some people think js is good enough which means that unless someone murders these people someone will support js . 
  second - what if the replacement fails like the previous attempts ? 
  so much money on the line , so we need a fallback . 
  i do n't think linq is a product of f #, 
  according to the legends don syme needed reified generics to implement f # so he implemented them for the clr . 
  yeah but f # is not the first functional language and also was in early stages of development when linq was conceived . 
  well that would be just 180 % if you are not using typescript . 
  i think the investment is worth it, 
  also apple . 
  apple  mozilla + ms, 
  `` future proof '' reasons do n't make sense . 
  the typescript team avoids anything that might confilict with the standard and the standard is not likely to conflict with typescript seeing that ms and google are on the standards team . 
  i am willing to bet a sum in the hundreds of dollars that they will not diverge in the next 5 years . 
  in addition babel 's plugins are often experimental feature which sometimes are dropped or adopted in a slightly different manner . 
  if you are using cutting edge babel you are likely less future proof than the super-conservative typescript . 
  you can use your unminified js to debug your code . 
  you can also use your unminified typescript to debug your code . 
  that experience is severely degraded with dart ( for example ) . 
  also note that if you drop typescript you can just compile it to js and maintain it as if you wrote js from the start . 
  you can not do that with dart and other compiled to js libraries . 
  typescript is more conservative in adopting features but the features are indeed adopted . 
  i think ts supports all of es2015 for es2015 targets but does not support generators for es5 targets yet . 
  everything else should be supported . 
  however this has nothing to do with future-proofing and conflicts between ts features and es features . 
  if anything being more conservative in adopting new features . 
  it is true that if you want all the latest features ( experimental or not ) babel is a better choice and if es6/7 to es5 transpiler is all you want then babel fits that role better . 
  of course with typescript you get other benefits like static typing and tooling support . 
  you can lie in the stupid phone polls . 
  worst thing that can happen because of this lie - gary is in the debates . 
  i agree . 
  microsoft 's data access messaging or even understanding has always been bullshit . 
  you think ef is bad ? 
  do n't get me started on datasets ... 
  i do n't want to end up in a position to defend trump but ... trump is less authoritarian than hillary . 
  at least he does n't want to ban guns and free speech . 
  i do n't remember that . 
  i remember some comments on how the press is full of shit . 
  of course trump says a lot of contradictory things . 
  it is very hard to predict what kind of president he will be or which things he said will follow . 
  i think the only consistent thing that he will do is that he will tighten the illegal immigration enforcement . 
  it seems to me that everything else is in the realm of speculation and this goes both directions - attacking him because he will do something awful or defending him because he will do something great . 
  there is no way to know . 
  it is very hard to understand from the specific trump language what that really means . 
  as i see it freedom of speech has never included defamation and i do think the media should be liable for purposefully lying about a person or a company . 
  lets agree to disagree because i think we both do n't want to end up in an argument that looks like we 're defending those two , 
  i will quote a comment on the same topic from / r/gaming, 
   evidence before pitchforks has never been the way of our people !, 
  well at least it is not clear what he will do . 
  for hillary it is clear that she is pretty close to the worst . 
   by the way , as far as silverlight , it 's dead not because bunch of hipsters decided that this week 's tech is what we should focus on and everything else is legacy , but because microsoft clearly stated that no one should use silverlight as a technology of choice in their new projects . 
  and microsoft stated that because they could n't get silverlight onto ios which effectively made it pointless to invest anymore . 
  i 've heard famous community figures mention at conferences that ms did try to negotiate with apple adding silverlight to ios and they tried hard but apple flat out refused . 
  so do you believe the idea of liberty is better advanced by convincing people that liberty is the way to go or by getting someone in power to increase liberty ( reduce regulation , reduce taxes , etc. ), 
  and in this way convince people that liberty works and we should have more of it . 
  well then it is not really dead is it ? 
  i mean if you can control the deployment just keep on using it . 
  you wo n't care if you are using the ... what was the name ? 
  out of browser installation ? 
  that 's not a bug and it is not an exception . 
  this is how it is supposed to work . 
  a thread i made about this 7 months ago - https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3x65zl/ladder_stats_of_a_random_player/, 
  click on trump because it will make zuck very sad . 
  funny thing about libertarians is that they do n't care when someone tells them they `` should '' do something . 
  libertarians are also used to losing in elections so it is very hard to persuade them with the `` lesser of two evils '' argument . 
  they 'd rather go galt . 
  i seriously think scala people go too far with operator overloading . 
  please use properties instead of public fields . 
  did n't look any further than that . 
  that 's the only hypothesis about sc1 : hd that makes sense to me - sc2 dlc/campaign pack . 
  sc1 players do n't care about graphics and significant changes to graphics are likely to affect unit behavior or alternatively look silly and what is more without modern user interface it is hard to get many new players but we all know that the current player base will not accept it . 
  delusional ? 
  do n't get your hopes too high . 
  i think i have the perfect explanation - http://www.political-humor.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/lets-have-a-libertarian-debate.jpg,
