  if anything it is better to be a customer so they wo n't sue you . 
  now you are right about the mindshare and the goodwill of the developers . 
  this is a real problem but oracle have been doing this for ages , devs hate them and their business is just fine . 
  so fine in fact that they got to buy the open-source friendly sun . 
  yes but some people still do n't like it . 
  they want to play slowly . 
  and in any case why do you insist that people should not have the option . 
  they know how they want to play , no need for anyone to force them . 
  most languages these days are hands down better than java but still people use java . 
  of course there is a problem that there is no option but you defended a comment saying that there should not be an option only `` faster '', 
  the amount of tournaments for 2 vs 2 is certainly disproportional to the number of people playing ( i.e. 
  2 vs 2 is far greater percentage of ladder games played than it is of tournaments ) . 
  i do n't know what proxy tempest is but i am willing to pay ( like subscribe and such ) for a 2 vs 2 tournament of good quality ( production , level of play , prize pool ) . 
  so you say fortran , cobol , vb and flash died because they were closed source ? 
  my argument was that there are many many forces at play which decide what language will be used . 
  sometimes even the presence of better languages does not make people switch let alone something as minor as licenses . 
  btw what is c++ doing on that list ? 
  sc has existed for almost two decades . 
  at certain points and in certain areas 2 vs 2 was strong but originally internet restrictions made 1 vs 1 more viable * and then the presence of other team games which drew team players sent sc team games into oblivion . 
  since then the community has self selected for 1 vs 1 so you can not expect much support and in fact i think the community hostility towards team games did the actual damage not blizzard . 
  when gsl was announcing the gstl artosis made a comment along the lines of - `` watch it because it is real 1 vs 1 starcraft and not some stupid team mode '' . 
  now to be honest 4 vs 4 will not work because the game lags absurdly with the amount of units usually in 4 vs 4 but 3 vs 3 and 2 vs 2 can be serious e-sport contenders . 
  * interestingly sc1 had this strange issue that if someone did not have a public ip address the game would lag except for 1 vs 1 so the internet issue was resurrected in the mid 2000s ), 
  there is no reason why 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 can not be a competitive thing on the level of 1 vs 1 . 
  it is just that this community chose not to go that route . 
  i disagree with the author 's claim that sinofsky is still unaware of the damage he caused . 
  i think sinofsky did it on purpose . 
  the rivalry between win div and dev div is well-known and the guy hated . net, 
  i wonder what percentage of new js code is transpiled to js rather than written in js . 
  ( babel counts as transpiler ), 
  well , it is not like he will say this on twitter so we will never know for sure . 
  i think inside win div there 's been some hate towards . net since the longhorn drama . 
  probably left a bad taste when they tried to write os components in a managed platform that was also very immature . 
  so he probably held the position that c++ is good for os stuff and html/js is for apps and this is safer than . net from an os dev perspective because nobody will come up with the idea to push html/js into the os . 
  this one is more relevant to this subreddit than all the bullshit self-help posts that regularly make it to the top . 
  this one is especially annoying since they did n't actually kill the tech . 
  they just created the perception and then kept silent for 3 months . 
  to be honest w10m ( yes it is now called windows 10 mobile ... ) is just terrible . 
  it crashes , everything is extremely buggy and features that were available in wp8 are out with fewer new features to replace them . 
  by comparison i do n't remember ever needing to restart my wp7 device in 2 years of use except for the major update and the cases where i left the battery to die ( i.e. 
  never encountered a bug that needed a restart ) . 
  w10m simply does not work . 
  even the simplest stuff like uploading a picture to facebook may end up not working . 
  i think they treat w10m as a beta internally but felt pressure to ship a product in order to promote the universal windows platform but also decided to do 0 marketing effort because users would suffer . 
  either that or they are trying to break windows phone and make users hate it so they have a reason to kill it . 
  i still hope the rumored panos phone is real and will bring back the high quality of the platform from the wp7/wp8 days . 
  the title is not clickbait . 
  it is literally what is in the article . 
  in fact your summary is more clickbaity since the original title explicitly refers to the . net ecosystem on windows as opposed to the whole of . net as your summary implies . 
  i do n't work for ms and i know nothing more than the average it guy who follows the news and interviews so my opinion is not very relevant . 
  however i would say the answer is `` no '' . 
  i believe it was just a research project . 
  of course people are looking into a managed solution for oss because things like memory integrity bugs are still the most serious source of security issues and even stability issues . 
  however my money is on rust , 
  i may be wrong but this is not how i define clickbait . 
  in my opinion clickbait is either untrue , unrelated or severely exaggerated title . 
  this one is neither . 
  btw when i saw the title i was 100 % certain what announcement he was referring to but of course this is because i was participating in the drama at the time . 
  i am quite split on this . 
  i think he is very clever and i liked windows 8 a lot . 
  i am very sad microsoft is actively downgrading the os . 
  on the other hand as a . net dev i ca n't forgive what he did . 
  i am pretty sure this announcement damaged me financial through the ripple effect . 
  even though i work with asp.net i still compete with other . net devs and probably some of them switched to web dev after this . 
  also it killed my dream of working with . net but not with web . 
  this dream is now resurrected due to the xamarin announcement . 
  there was no announcement for the discontinuation of silverlight , 
  i agree . 
  windows 10 is terrible downgrade all across the board but in the past year it has become somewhat usable at least on the desktop . 
  not the case for mobile . 
  i liked the browser a lot from a user-experience perspective . 
  i 've yet to see a browser that responds so well and fast to scrolling and has niceties like the rubber band that are not only pretty but actually enhance the user experience . 
  of course the standards support and websites supports ( specifically websites that used webkit prefixes everywhere ) was far from ideal . 
  oh the horrors !, 
  he specifically refers to the ecosystem on windows ( i.e. 
  the business of selling gui controls with xaml and win forms ) . 
  i can believe it was destroyed that day . 
  i have used ninject and simple injector for asp.net mvc and web api spas . 
  ninject is feature-rich and has what seems to be the best binding api . 
  however it is relatively complex to setup and i hit a nasty bug with owin powered services where inrequestscope would not work properly ( effectively becomes transient ) . 
  i managed to work around it but it left a bad taste . 
  i switched to simple injector . 
  i was surprised by how easy it was to setup compared to the monstrosity that is ninject.web.common . 
  have n't hit issues up to now but my use cases are relatively simple . 
  as a programmer i had the same reaction . 
  how the fuck was this decision made ? 
  while your assessment of the phone space is true , windows is doing quite ok in the tablet space . 
  i vaguely remember that the minimum damage is less than one . 
  something like 0.5, 
  no but in practice it means that your wp ca n't open a website and android and ios can . 
  obviously bot talking about windows rt but about intel-powered tablets like the asus transformer or the surface ( non-pro ), 
  my experience is with lumia 930 but i somehow doubt the problems are only for upgraded devices . 
  well this gives me some hope although there is still the problem with features being removed or the absurdity of things like the skype application . 
  yeah , the line between a tablet and a convertible is blurry . 
  as if oracle ever cared about looking good ... 
  i really do n't understand why this is relevant . 
  the apis are copyrighted , period . 
  this is non-debatable . 
  they should focus on the fair use case . 
  so who should make the judgement if not someone with no prior knowledge ?
