  yeah , the success of html is a great tragedy but it is foolish to claim that poor interoperability of browsers is the reason for this success . 
  it is obvious to me that sc is tougher for computers than chess and go but still i expect it to fall in less than a decade probably a couple of years if serious research is done . 
  i disagree with the notion that had html reported errors the enthusiasts would have quit and created less content . 
  in my opinion they would have created correct html . 
  i thought xhtml was ok as an idea except that nobody implemented it and everybody continued to accept broken html even if declared xhtml, 
  to be honest windows 10 ( and the latest end-user ms software ) is absurdly broken . 
  windows has n't been so broken at least from me . 
  i estimate that there is a 10 % chance that any given feature would not work . 
  and this was not the case with windows 8 , 7 , vista and xp which were actually pretty stable . 
  it is simple . 
  if you are using windows you do n't care or do n't know about these tools . 
  if you are using linux you already have them . 
  the browser point only makes sense if at one point one browser allowed shitty html . 
  but then by default the other browser ( netscape ) is in a losing position because it has to duplicate the non-standard quirks of the first browser . 
  if you allow non-standard data then whoever has the largest market share wins by definition because his way of processing the data is the de facto standard and the other parties have no way to duplicate it fully . 
  the pain was not with new html . 
  the pain was with existing broken web . 
  in fact we still suffer the same pain . 
  first of all powershell is far superior to bash ( the situation is analogous to c # vs javascript ) and second yeah maybe you are but do you really think that there are many users like you who are supposed to go `` nuts over this '', 
  in general i agree that ais have the potential to be superior to humans in every way and we should aim for creating an ai that is better than us and then quietly die out as a species and let our children the ai explore the universe . 
  however i do not understand why people think we are close to this point or even to the point of building a sc playing ai . 
  yes , we will certainly build one but it will take a couple of years , probably a decade . 
  to be honest i never used me . 
  i went 95 , 98 , xp , vista , 7 , 8 , 10 but i hear me was pretty bad . 
  however from all the iterations of windows i have used 10 is by far the shittiest . 
  there is no malformed content unless the most popular browser supports it . 
  the malformed content supported by the less popular browser is irrelevant . 
  i am windows biased . 
  i even loved vista but 10 ... come on i am using this shit . 
  are the other people windows biased without actually using windows ? 
  i still do n't see why you people think there are a lot of people like you . 
  yeah . 
  my windows 10 using nose . 
  i did n't say nobody uses windows ( hell i use windows exclusively ) . 
  i am just explaining the reasonable observation that not a lot of people are `` going nuts over this '' . 
  it is a super niche feature . 
  maybe makes life much better for a small number of people but that 's it . 
  that would be like some artist with a surface asking why not a lot of people are `` going nuts '' over the announcements about enhanced inking support . 
  it may be great for whoever benefits from it but most people do n't or are using platforms that already have it if they cared a lot about it . 
  do you disagree that people like you are extreme minority . 
  say 0.01 % of windows users ? 
  the video would have been better if he asked about the specific degrees they were after . 
  then we 'll see how women studies correlates with advocating for free education . 
  even then would you say more than 10 % of devs currently on windows care about this ? 
  it seems to me that devs who like this kind of tools migrated to other oss long time ago and most of those left are happy with powershell and what is available on windows ? 
  ok ... what is a linear type system and what are affine types ? 
  it makes sense but what is the value in that ? 
  at first look it seems to me that it would allow tracking of memory but also seems like quite severe limitation . 
  it is not better . 
  being called a hacker recognizes your skills in reading the opponent . 
  oh come on !, 
  microsoft pivoted half a decade ago . 
  azure was not created yesterday . 
  let alone things like xbox . 
  i am pretty sure that 's not true . 
  people who know how to make hacks are willing to sell them . 
  i remember the threads that hacks were fixed here on reddit a couple of weeks after the threads about hacks not working . 
  and they certainly do not break hacks with every single patch . 
  well still there are hacks . 
  btw how much do they cost . 
  hackers obviously swallow the cost of buying a new account every now and then so maybe most of them do not have a problem with paying . 
  so they are not only cheaters , they are also cheap ? 
  if this is true then why are not more people going nuts over this ? 
  i can tell you this - i am sincerely sorry bernie wo n't make it . 
  trump vs bernie would be so much more fun to watch than trump vs hillary . 
  we work on fairly similar projects with 2-5 person teams for 3-9 months per project . 
  i 've made it a rule that each new project has one or two new technologies in it . 
  with the previous project we tried typescript , with this one we 're trying angular 2 . 
  a completely new stack would be a total mess but perfectly stable stack tends to get boring, 
  i thought all js libraries should be written in typescript [ source ] ( http://staltz.com/all-js-libraries-should-be-authored-in-typescript.html ) :(, 
  for those of us who did n't watch care to provide a summary ? 
  and if you are using mysql do not bother to define constraints . 
  did ethereum collapse ? 
  if archon is ignored by blizzard then what do we say about 2 vs 2 ? 
  kicked in the balls by blizzard ? 
  prepare for the downvotes . 
  i got a lot of them for saying that archon sucks ( based on the fact that it was in brood war and it sucked ) but everyone was on the hype train - `` archon mode literally saving e-sports '', 
  i was reading and thought it was a good read although i disagreed with significant portions of it ... and then about 2/3 in he goes full sjw recommends that i read karl marx and claims that women are paid 70 % of what men make for the same job ( which has been repeatedly proven to be false ) and he tells me that i have a white male privilege . 
  should i also replace master and slave with primary and secondary in my code ? 
  of course as an eastern european i am immune to this bullshit . 
  from wikipedia, 
   social justice warrior '' ( commonly abbreviated `` sjw '' ) is a pejorative term for someone expressing socially progressive views , including advocacy for women 's rights and civil rights, 
  do you disagree that the article contains this type of views or you simply do not like reading long articles and skipped directly to the comments ? 
  my problem with learning advanced sql ( i know how to do recursive ctes but never got into windowing functions except for paging and i suck at indexing ) is that i rarely get to use the advanced part of this skill . 
  i get to write joins every day but i had to write a recursive query just twice in my life and never noticed the need for more advanced features . 
  even if some query needed advanced features data was not large enough to make sql server choke so i never needed to research advanced features . 
  add a default clause that throws an exception . 
  i do that for each and every switch which does not have a logical default even if it is supposed to cover all cases . 
  who knows maybe tomorrow i add a new case and i forget to update a particular switch . 
  i 'd better get a meaningful error instead of data corruption . 
  i wrote about this some time ago - http://sietch.net/viewnewsitem.aspx?newsitemid=229, 
  first of all the issues sjws are supposedly solving are first world problems and just a couple of decades ago we could not claim that we are part of the first world . 
  less than two decades ago we were fighting economic crisis comparable to venezuela 's current crisis ( of course theirs is far more absurd since they have so much oil ) and in some cases outright civil wars . 
  unlike the west we still remember what real problems are so we just laugh at sjws . 
  here we literally turn human rights organizations that try to protect minorities in our countries into a laughing stock . 
  the rest of what i base my opinion on is bulgarian history but i think most of eastern europe had similar experience ( maybe russia is a special case ) . 
  it is hard to sell us white male guilt . 
  my people never held slaves . 
  not only black slaves but even ancient greece and rome style slaves ( where you can become slave due to depth for example and it had nothing to do with race ) . 
  we did n't have colonies .
