  yes i realize i am a minority in the current sc2 community . 
  it is not clear if people who do not currently play would prefer cheese over macro games . 
  after all the game was more cheesy at the start and in the meantime we ( as a community ) have only hated on cheese and increased the map size to force macro play while the player base has been declining . 
  is n't it possible that the changes that prevented tlo from executing his extremely creative and outright cheesy builds are what drives people off ? 
  even if i am wrong and i admit there is good chance i am wrong on that it is still possible that i enjoy the game for entirely different reasons than what most of the community plays and watches the game for . 
  i have even seen an article on tl explaining that sc2 should be more like football and less like chess because football is more exciting and more people enjoy football . 
  the idea was that execution is more impressive than strategy and everyone can think the strategy of shooting from outside the penalty field and hitting the upper left corner of the net but very few people can execute it and this is why we are impressed so the article argued that we should promote the mechanical aspect of the game so that we could be impressed . 
  well i like chess and find football boring and i know that i am a minority in that . 
  sadly i ca n't think of a game that better fits my idea of a good game no matter how much everyone tries to spoil the game for me by turning it into a mechanical macro fest so i will not `` leave '' although i play less and enjoy the game less . 
  i would prefer quake if i had not invested so much time in sc and was n't much , much better at sc than i am at quake . 
  well it is one thing to do your laundry and dishes and it is another to do it for the whole team . 
  ntt , boxer , july, 
  that 's true but people are complaining that he is killing the project or something like this . 
  this reminds me of a quote from [ viktor chernomyrdin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/viktor_chernomyrdin ) which perfectly describes software projects :, 
   we wanted the best but it turned out like always, 
  he certainly has that right ( both legal and moral ) . 
  i mean the right to try to kill it through inaction . 
  but he has legal right to say things that might kill it . 
  i started the argument because somebody said that if you have a project you should maintain it or let someone else maintain it which is not true . 
  he has the right to try to kill the project through these means ( inaction and talking against forks ), 
  why is it hypocrisy ? 
  you never promised to maintain it or let others maintain it outside forking it . 
  that 's true but it is not like i demand that they do it . 
  if i am not satisfied i would either switch to another project or pay someone to create a better one . 
  i do n't know if that was the real ntt . 
  in sc1 he had distinctive almost trolling style of play . 
  he made absurd number of scvs and absurd tech switches but they somehow worked . 
  his games were very entertaining and unorthodox . 
  his name was in top 200 lists that blizzard published before gm league . 
  a friend of mine who played on gm level then said that this was in fact the real ntt and his style in sc2 was similar to his style in sc1 . 
  i wish he tries to play pro-level . 
  sure but he is just talking . 
  he does n't try to sue the guys just expresses disagreement . 
  they are free to ignore him . 
  cool . 
  i really wish he starts playing seriously . 
  he is probably too old now to be a semi-pro and will likely not do it :(, 
  yeah but i also think that was more of a troll statement than literal behavior . 
  i mean he probably thinks marauders are stupid but i doubt he would literally refuse to get them if they obviously counter the opponent . 
  it is more his character than typical bw terran . 
  after all he was known for things like this in bw . 
  hmm if i know it is an arranged team , masters level , serious ( meaning both sides trying to win ) 2 vs 2 game i would watch it over any pro playing 1 vs 1, 
  i was surprised this had so many votes . 
  based on what i read online and the arguments after games i would expect like 30 % support , 
  now do a post if it is ok for a random player not to announce his race . 
  i have literally been called a cheater over that and the guy was dead serious . 
  i am surprised people think this is important for sc2 . 
  while 64 bit is a must for an os and certainly the way to go forward probably for all programs the current sc2 would not benefit much . 
  i guess this is blizzard 's investment into the future but do not expect any benefits for sc2 . 
  in fact expect worse experience . 
  64 bit means that ram usage will go up significantly as every memory address ( the most common data ) takes twice the space . 
  64 bit is good if the software does a lot of operations with 64 bit numbers but i doubt the current version of sc2 does many things like this . 
  the increased memory usage also means that less data will be able to stay in the cpu cache which means performance may get worse even if you have the ram . 
  of course 64 bit also means that the game can consume more than 4gb of ram but i doubt sc2 needs more than this . 
  of course future games or even expansions might but i doubt anyone would be excited about increase in system requirements for the game without any obvious change . 
  btw has anyone ran into out of memory issues on machines with 6 + gb of ram ? 
  maybe this happens in 4 vs 4 games or some custom games and i am not aware of this . 
  edit : as pointed out by / u/reimee the additional registers can provide room for more optimizations which may or may not offset the performance loss due to higher memory consumption . 
  this limit on windows only applies to legacy applications . 
  new applications can declare that they are large address aware and consume up to 4gb on a 64 bit os - http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/windows/desktop/aa366778 ( v = vs. 85 ) . aspx, 
  i am not a game developer so take my answer with a grain of salt . 
  1 ) i always assumed that they talked about video memory limitations since it is textures that need to be loaded . 
  it is not like many people have video cards with more than 4gb of video ram , 
  2 ) i seem to recall that blizzard said that the problem with skins is that low-end machines ca n't handle them . 
  even if they need 4gb to add cosmetics they would still need to raise the system requirements to minimum of 4gb for that to make sense . 
  i have acknowledged the boost due to additional registers in the edit i made . 
  on the other hand with any performance issues we simply can not know without testing . 
  starcraft can use 4gb of ram on a 64 bit os as a 32 bit program i think we cleared that out . 
  i do n't know how 64bit creates a benefit for sc2 as a cpu intensive game ( i have some doubts that sc is cpu bound on most configurations but lets accept it ) . 
  i mean i know some ways in which it can help but simply stating the fact does not mean 64bit will help, 
  well obviously he did n't win any other osls . 
  however people played starcraft before osl and he was kind of a bonjwa before the term was invented . 
  in 99 and 2000 he was the player we looked up to the most . 
  he also moved the meta a lot in that time . 
  definitely the greatest foreign player of all time and for some of us who are old enough the greatest starcraft player period . 
  i just read what escape analysis is . 
  why is it hard to replicate ( except for the resources needed ), 
  while we do not have enough data to clearly state this chances are that before osl he was the best player in the world not only outside korea . 
  also he had quite reasonable results after he was not the best player anymore . 
  so what ? 
  no foreign player in his prime has been so good compared to the rest of the scene ( including koreans ) . 
  i do n't see how that means anything . 
  is a 2008 b teamer greater than boxer because he would stomp him if he somehow traveled back in time to 2000 ? 
  if anything early players deserve more respect for moving the meta and inventing the game and not just being good at fast clicking . 
  grrrr ... is the greatest foreign player because he was the best in the world in a certain timeframe a feat that no other foreigner has achieved . 
  also his timeframe was quite significant ( about 2 years ), 
  that 's what greatest usually means for a player even in physical sports . 
  usually later players are better than older players but we count titles and other achievements relative to the times and we even value earlier players more because they did not have the know-how and this is why we remember their names and not the names of the b teamers from 2008 . 
  he is posting on a throw away account ... 
  well if most mechanically superior players played in 99-2001 they would be crashed since it was all about strategy and decision making back then . 
  also while he did fail because he did not want to practice for mechanics it is not clear what his attitude would be if he was n't already the best at this point . 
  maybe if he started playing in a time when mechanics mattered he would have practiced it . 
  i vaguely recall reading an interview where he said that he regrets not practicing more . 
  in any way as a sc1 name grrrr ... will be remembered much more than idra or ret . 
  same with boxer and bisu ( just a random example of a player who came later ) . 
  does a player keep all the prize money if he is on salary in a team ? 
  well assuming that you do not want events like this to happen in russia you have to hurt the organizers so that they do not make events there in the future . 
  assuming that the goal is to put pressure on russia it makes sense . 
  i personally am not convinced this is the right thing to do despite the fact that i do think of russia as the evil empire . 
  i think beginning political debate in the social media surrounding the event may be more effective .
