  please educate yourself on the advancements of modern programming languages . 
   as a software architect , i think i have a fairly good idea of what i speak, 
  your comment mentioning futures which are a library construct for which java lacks any special language support proves otherwise . 
  this , my friends , is complete analysis of the games . 
  life gave these games away and while flash played well these wins are nothing to be proud of ( for someone like flash ) . 
  action and predicate delegates were available in 2.0 . 
  only func came with . net 3.5 . 
  btw if anonymous method syntax is not good enough then javascript 's function syntax is not good enough . 
  i once fell out of masters into diamond for a while . 
  i felt like hiding the losses from me was the most insulting thing as if i was too much of a pussy to handle the fact that i lost and also too stupid to understand what my level of play was if this information was hidden . 
  old but gold . 
  channel9 has provided html5 video for 2 years along with the silverlight player and has always provided direct download . 
  this is getting old . 
  so are typed arrays in js important to the participants in the survey or they only care about border-radius , 
  oh yeah , the people at facebook do n't know anything about mobile html despite the fact that they have the most used html mobile app in the world . 
  even the most used mobile app in general . 
  also if you are going to rewrite significant portion of your ui to fit the target platform ui paradigms i do n't know why you would want to do it in html and shitty javascript despite the fact that you could . 
  he did not die . 
  so `` rip rain carrer '' ? 
  well not exactly . 
  await/async in c # / vb.net addresses that . 
  rx is a library for working with event streams and provides operations like filtering , delays , etc. 
  simplest example :, 
  you hook up for the mouse move event, 
  you tell rx to filter all events that are not within some range ( lets say your window ), 
  your event does not fire if the mouse is moving outside this range, 
  while this is simple example if you have a lot of conditions and dependencies ( think of join + delay + filter , etc. ), 
  your code will become quite complex and rx makes it clean . 
  do n't forget that static typing allows for some optimizations that may help scale . 
  i doubt jruby would have java/scala performance despite the fact that it runs on the jvm . 
  btw i have a distant memory that they used jruby to faciliate transition to java but i may be wrong on this . 
  i find it funny how people think the infestor is imba . 
  the problem is that you easily build 20 of them on the current maps . 
  if they nerf infestors people will be back to winning with mutalisks ( drg is doing it right now ) . 
  currently the huge , open maps give an edge to zerg . 
  i do n't think the curren infestor will be op on lost temple simply because you ca n't mass that ridiculous amount . 
  i am a masters random player so i do n't usually whine about balance but i have like 20 % more wins with zerg than terran and 5 % more than protoss . 
  but ... but ... this is `` nice macro game '' . 
  we need to remove all unbalanced maps like lost temple and close positions because then players ca n't expand and then expand some more . 
  no , it 's not !, 
  i find it much more boring to play these days than in the beta . 
  they made sure macro games were the only way to play by removing anything odd ( cliffs over natural , air expands , etc. ), 
  from the maps and making them ridiculously huge . 
   what happened to all the contains/pressures that allowed people to be offensive while expanding ? 
  maps happened, 
  i have much higher win rate with zerg than any other race ( i play random ) and i do n't even go for infestors . 
  it is not the infetors it is the absurd maps that force macro games and make it impossible for the other races to push or harass expansions . 
  i hate balanced maps . 
  i liked the beta maps so much more . 
  so we have to meet just so you know someone who hates dumbing down a beautiful and complex game to mechanical macro fest . 
  note that i do n't mind macro games i just hate when maps do n't allow anything else and every map is the same . 
  we already had more diverse maps . 
  the whole history of sc2 is about making the maps dumber in the name of balance and the stupid idea that cheese and all ins are bad and that players should play macro games to show off their mechanics . 
  i do n't agree . 
  i think the strategies were much more interesting and diverse then and i believe everything worked much better than it does now . 
  i do n't blame the map makers . 
  i blame whiny players who complain that if you do n't ffe/are not 1 base ahead as zerg/don ' t have easy third/etc . 
  then you can not win despite evidence of the opposite . 
  fruit dealer won with zerg on kulas ravine , 
  i am sure if you check drg 's games you 'll find some that do not include infestors particularly against protoss . 
  however i did not mean the literal lack of infestors but going for non-infestor as the main army and never massing them i.e. 
  going for mutas or roach/baneling . 
  of course super late game is practically impossible without infestors . 
  i completely disagree based on the fact that i had much more fun watching and playing sc2 two years ago . 
  we had beautiful games like ghost rushes , thor drops on lt cliffs , nukes , hydra pushes , burrowed roach traps , nydus air expands , 1 battle cruiser + marines attack . 
  if the game is like any other i 'd rather watch a short marine rush than 20 minutes macro game . 
  at least it would not waste my time . 
  however if he says that specific change is the problem he is probably wrong , 
  uhm ... they call it democracy , 
  does the poster need to develop for wp8 instead of wp7 ? 
  the wp7 emulator works without hyper-v , wp7 apps work on wp8 and obviously wp7 has much more devices out there . 
  if one does not need any feature specific to wp8 it makes zero sense to target wp8 instead of wp7 . 
  the idea that wp does not have developer adoption is absurd . 
  wp has the highest rate of devs to users and the highest rate of apps to users of any mobile platform . 
  developers are not avoiding the platform , they just do not have the incentive to develop many more apps without significant customer adoption . 
  also note that the platform is much younger than competitors so devs just need time to produce all the apps available for other platforms . 
  wp currently has 120k apps and the apps that are missing are either high profile that cost a lot to port especially on release or very specialized ( an app for your city taxi service ) . 
  none of these will be fixed by more developer adoption . 
  these are the kinds of apps someone has to pay for to be developed . 
  i am saying all this as a wp user and developer . 
  windows 8 and windows phone are different . 
  they share a great number of apis and the ui platform ( xaml ) is almost the same but the code itself is not directly portable ( without #ifdefs ) . 
  windows 8 is windows ( equivallent to mac os and linux ) and windows phone is phone ( equivallent to ios and android ) . 
  unlike apple and google ms chose the desktop os as the basis of their tablet platform , not the mobile os . 
  i do n't remember the wp7 emulator having any restrictions except for some video driver requirement for hardware acceleration ( it worked without it but was a bit laggy ) . 
  btw i fully support the vm decision as this will make the behavior of the emulator as close to the real device as possible . 
  on top of all you have to develop all this in js and html for browsers which do n't always agree . 
  the endless fun !, 
  thats my christmas !, 
  i will preorder it on the spot if it got me beta invite , 
  i do n't have either . 
  i think it is just the three of us, 
  you also get attack-move . 
  thanks, 
  easy fix - sponsors should not sponsors should channel some of the money to local events instead of big events . 
  this will help the middle class and will create interest in the game because of local scenes . 
  these events are cheaper to organize and most sponsors are sell their products worldwide so local branch of the company can get more budget for sponsoring local events instead of pouring all the money in gsl/mlg/iem / dreamhack, 
  i have used the database as a queue on several occasions . 
  at the time no one on the team knew about message queue software but even now i would use the database in some of these cases ( sending e-mails for password reset for example ) as i will not be able to justify expanding the stack for tasks that are not executed frequently and do not require small polling interval . 
  at least i can say i have never started a thread in the web app like i 've seen in other projects multiple times .
