  just do work for you even if you did n't know they existed let alone the shortcut . 
  as a random player i am almost happy to get a zvz if the opponent is a zerg . 
  everything else is almost sure loss . 
  what unit composition do you warp ? 
  so basically just 12 % community work ? 
  i thought this open source thing was going to be `` huge '', 
  exactly !, 
  and since i would n't want the standards lowered i was not looking forward to open sourcing the framework . 
  after all one of two things could have happened either the standards get lowered or the contributions are insignificant as a percentage . 
  think of it like mining physical gold . 
  there is no value in the mining itself but if gold was available without mining it would n't be worth so much . 
  the bitcoin network sets this challenge for computers so you have to invest computation time to `` mine '' the bitcoin so this is how they limit supply . 
  yeah because i always thought `` it would be huge if . net framework had 12 % faster release cycle '', 
  i do n't think the standards are being lowered - therefore 12 % which in my opinion is closer to `` insignificant '' rather than `` huge '', 
  please explain why for me as someone who has worked with . net for a decade and intends to continue doing so these 12 % are something to be excited for ? 
  this claim would require another data analysis . 
  as i see it 12 % more work is 12 % more work and i did see annoying bugs fixed before . 
  who are you referring to ( i have no idea who controls the largest btc stash ), 
  sounds more like this guy got in tax evasion trouble and now pretends to be satoshi so he can blame the police for being after him for creating btc rather than for evading taxes . 
  it seems to me like he is pretending to be satoshi so when he gets arrested he claims it is because he created bitcoin rather than because of his tax troubles . 
  i remember the titles and comments telling me that it was going to be `` huge '' . 
  i still see 0 improvement in my quality of life as a result of this open sourcing . 
  in fact i see degrading due to complications of owin infrastructure on my purely iis projects . 
  now i do understand why owin is needed and support the change but i have yet to see any actual benefit from the open sourcing itself or even from porting it to linux . 
  how are we sure that these changes would n't happen if the product was not open source ? 
  i mean we 've seen additions like these happen before in the closed source . net, 
  i am ready to dispute the usefulness of . net on these platforms too . 
  i believe that people using these platforms would not touch . net because it is connected to microsoft anyway so the port is largely irrelevant for anything but political reasons . 
  unlike the claim that he is satoshi this is a verified fact , is n't it ? 
  ca n't wait to bring . net development into visual studio !, 
  i wish i was able to blame something other than myself . 
  i played sc since 98 and i was quite good . 
  in the mid-2000s i was relatively bad due to lack of time and playing warcraft iii . 
  the meta had changed , the map had changed . 
  i often used strategies from 99-2000 that i knew were out of date and bad and i knew why but my opponents who were much newer players and mainly mechanical players did n't know why . 
  i once beat a protoss player 3 times in a row with 12 hatch in the main into hydras opening while telling him i would do so . 
  i was using it earlier than that but i have done it against forge first too . 
  that 's not as easy as you may think . 
  depending on when you build the cannons you may end up behind in economy . 
  there is nothing stopping the zerg from expanding . 
  now of course more cannons is correct response ( also faster templars ) but you have to add them appropriately at the right time . 
  i do n't remember anymore and besides it was not one game . 
  i went 12/12/12 if i recall correctly and no speed for lings ( the amount of lings depends on if i am attacked by zealots ), 
  now maybe the maps towards the end of 2000s became bigger but we played on maps like python and lost temple so maybe that was a factor too . 
  i do n't remember a lot of forge expands but i do remember crashing some of these too . 
  i have not encountered this as much . 
  i feel like it would n't be that easy to defend but i have n't touched sc1 in 6 years and even before that i was only playing 2 vs 2 for a couple of years so i probably lost my sense about the game . 
  or by teaming up with someone who has lotv for a team game . 
  i can assure you that you do n't need to be an english major to find the writing terrible . 
  now i still think wol  lotv  hots but that 's kind of irrelevant since they are all terrible . 
  on the other hand it does not annoy me so much and i had fun with the campaigns which i would also rate in the same order simply based on mission design . 
  i was literally standing motionless with open mouth when kerrigan appeared from that chrysalis in sc1 . 
  ( spoiler alert : kerrigan becomes zerg and darth vader is luke 's father ), 
  i think this was purposefully open to interpretation . 
  i see several options, 
  - kerrigan said she would choose freedom over the infinite cycle so maybe she just released the divine power of the xel ` naga and chose to live free as a human . 
  - kerrigan appears as a ghost similar to the tassadar ghost ouros used to lead zeratul just to comfort raynor, 
  - jim is actually going insane or even dying, 
  the worst part of this is that all races are now `` good '' . 
  come on i am not 10 years old i am ok with playing an evil queen of blades . 
  no need to make everyone good and misunderstood . 
  i think we 've got a mission pack incoming for this `` missed '' opportunity . 
  they basically say that kerrigan will kill amon in the zeratul missions in wol . 
  not much of a prediction there . 
  that 's only if you insist to raise the stakes in each part of the story . 
  then you inevitably end up inventing more powerful enemies . 
  the warcraft universe is a good example of how much things can suck when you go down that rabbit hole . 
  i hope the new missions are about things that are not as important as the fate of the universe . 
  stop with the grand events already . 
  the loneliness of the long-distance runner ( random example ) is a great story that has nothing to do with saving the universe . 
  we should not forget that he had zeratul 's vision to help him decide kerrigan 's fate so maybe it was not just the romantic relationship . 
  i do n't know . 
  in bw they invented pretty good reasons for the races to fight . 
  ued controlling the overmind , kerrigan wanting to be the boss , etc. 
  and probably going out of business in a couple of years . 
  i mean if you give everything for free and put it on competitors platforms you will be out of money at some point . 
  yes , actually . 
  the current leadership has yet to prove that they are the one who could have built one of the most successful companies in the world . 
  nadella 's financial results are quite a bit weaker than ballmer 's very robust income . 
  they made more money than ever under ballmer . 
  nadella 's financial results are weakening . 
  nobody wants to go bankrupt they just do n't know what to do not to . 
  i was exaggerating about going out of business but nadella 's financial results seem to be weaker than ballmer 's although the share prices are surging on the back of positive marketing ( like this news ), 
  you only accept argument from authority ? 
  funnily the previous microsoft ceo disagrees with some of the decisions of the current microsoft ceo and called his financial reporting `` bullshit '' . 
  bankrupt is an exaggeration of course but their net income is falling under nadella - http://www.wikinvest.com/stock/microsoft_ ( msft ) / data/net _ income, 
  i do n't remember any legal obligation for them to do that . 
  do you have a source ? 
  yeah but following the logic above - he was ceo and who are you ? 
  also his financial results were better than nadella 's, 
  if they got their real ceo again reddit would be crying because `` microsoft killing innovation '' `` microsoft blocking the web '' , etc. 
  but ms would be the most valuable company in the world . 
  sure and this perception is why he left but it is hard to argue with his financial results . 
  i personally as an ms customer am totally mad by the crappiest windows i have ever used ( for the record i have n't used me ) that nadella brought us . 
  also threatening to do the same to my ( windows ) phone . 
  that bill gates was a badass . 
  yeah , nadella may achieve that but macs suck at gaming and c # :( on the other hand for the first time ever i am thinking about switching to apple . 
  if they had touch on their laptops i probably would . 
  these are both data points under nadella . 
  look at q3 2013 for ballmer results and this is even without accounting for inflation .
