  ok but pure ling/ultra will not even reach the tanks hots or wol, 
  oh yes it would . 
  almost as much sense as removing it . 
  making players press b to give a speed bonus to their medivacs every 10 seconds is totally stupid idea . 
  the post should explain why i would use ruby over c # if i am willing to install additional things . 
  because they are not like those thieves at microsoft who just steal syntax . 
  they are inventing their own . 
  because c++ is open source . 
  it 's called `` borrowing '' , duh !, 
  of course i 'm joking . 
  i find it absurd that they chose this syntax instead of the one used by c # and scala . 
  i post my stuff on codeplex . 
  i realize it is like trying to use google + but i still like it . 
  but you do n't need to release it with your real name . 
  just for the record if you want codeplex-like experience with private repository you can try tfs.visualstudio.com, 
  also the army button is practically useless so why not return to wol style ui ? 
  do n't you think there are more useful things that can be made part of the ui instead of the army button ? 
  it is very rare that you want to gather all your units on one place . 
  usually you scatter units for a reason . 
  why ? 
  in my opinion people and companies should be able to enter into any agreement they can think of if both sides agree . 
  if the contract states that you can not unlock the phone you got from the carrier then you should be punished for violating that contract . 
  if you do n't agree to the contract do n't buy locked phone . 
  now i am sure the government has much more serious problems than this and only carrier lobbying is responsible for this law but i do n't oppose it on principle . 
  if you violate a contract you should pay for it . 
  in my personal opinion you should be able to enter in such a contract . 
  however as far as i know the law in western world is based on natural rights and moral and contracts that are against moral are void . 
  therefore you can not enter a contract where you become a slave because slavery is against moral . 
  note that greed itself will not make a contract immoral . 
  then again i am not a lawyer and i may be completely wrong . 
  also i 'd like to point out that i do n't know what the punishment is for unlocking your phone . 
  as far as i know in the usa criminal law is often abused to resolve things that are not criminal . 
  maybe the way the law is set up is absurd ( i did not bother to check as i do not live in the us ) but i certainly disagree with the title of the thread . 
  it should be possible for a company to sell devices that are going to be used in the way the company intended and they should be protected by the law in cases where the customer breaches the contract . 
  false . 
  at least two articles i read on the subject mentioned that carriers are increasingly providing unlocked phones . 
  they said verizon provided unlocked phones and at&t offered an unlock at the end of the contract . 
  in fact if this law goes into effect carriers that offer unlocked phones will get the attention they deserve . 
  also even if all carriers follow this practice you still have the choice to buy an unlocked phone . 
  i know in the us it is unheard of but in many countries we pay the full price of the phone ... and the people in the us are the ones complaining how carriers sell phones ... go figure !, 
  would you be happier if the contract explicitly stated that the part with the locked phone is valid forever ? 
  did you really just answer that as if it was serious ? 
  there are two options, 
  most likely he is a troll and is just having fun . 
  in this case you should answer with kind of a joke that confirms the master plan . 
  he really believes that microsoft are after him via your blog . 
  obviously your serious comment would only convince him that he is right . 
  you spelled micro $ oft wrong , 
  the funny thing about this open source paranoia is that the point of open source licenses is to be able to prevent any abuse and vendor lock in of the software . 
  if you believe ms can infiltrate and destroy open source then the whole idea of open source licensing is broken . 
  i do n't agree with the underlying reasoning which if i understand correctly is that the market can not regulate itself and filter out practices which are bad for consumers . 
  i said it is false that the trend spreads because it seems that the trend is going the other way . 
  i base my statement on this article :, 
  is it true that verizon sells unlocked phones ? 
  if it is then people who care about unlocking phones should become verizon customers and in this way vote with their wallets for unlocked phones . 
  no need to require the ability to break a contract because you can influence the market with your money . 
  if i may suggest this advice for picking a race :, 
  - terran requires the greatest amount of control . 
  if you feel you have fast and accurate control you may want to pick terran . 
  note that control in starcraft is different from control in moba games . 
  try the starcraft master map and see how you feel about the banshee challenge . 
  - zerg requires good game sense . 
  if you feel you can read your opponent and judge distances and armies well pick this race . 
  the most important skill as zerg is knowing when to build drones and when to build units . 
  you also need to be able to build units constantly but this does not require fast and accurate clicks but mostly keeping a mental timer on the production cycles and larva injects . 
  - protoss the most important skill with this race is placing your units on the right location . 
  this is harder than it sounds . 
  when you are harassed from multiple angles you need to split your army in a very precise way and fight on the right spots . 
  you should also have a mental timer with the warp gate cycles but this is not as hard or important as with zerg . 
  my opinion is based on playing random at masters level since beta . 
  i personally find terran definitely the hardest race and zerg slightly easier on the current large maps than protoss . 
  it may be different for you if your skillset has different high and low points . 
  also very important in starcraft is that you should be able to handle losses . 
  in moba games people often have this mentality that they lose because of the team . 
  in 1 vs 1 sc it is hard to deal with the fact that you have no one else to blame but yourself . 
  believe me you will lose a lot before you feel confident . 
  also do not let the disrespect team sc games get from the community put you off from playing team games ( especially with a friend ) . 
  in my opinion team games are very interesting and fun competitive experience and at least the 2 vs 2 variation deserves almost the same level of respect 1 vs 1 gets ... but it does n't . 
  we may agree to disagree but the title suggest that this law is something universally bad . 
  also people are downvoting me as if i am obviously stupid or just trolling for suggesting that carriers should be able to sell locked phones because that makes the market more free ( i.e. 
  has the option for locked phones product ) and eventually better for consumers . 
  yes it is bad when it becomes criminal offense . 
  as far as i know criminal law is abused in the us in many occasions and this instance is not even interesting . 
  however the title suggests that no company should be able to restrict the hardware they sell which is bullshit . 
  i do n't live in the usa and do n't work for a telecom, 
  no but as i pointed out in the other comment in the usa criminal law is abused quite often and this case is not even interesting . 
  also the title should focus on that and not on something perfectly normal ( restricting hardware ), 
  i thought i hated the source control tools i had to use before i tried git . 
  i can not think of any reason why someone will move to git in a company project . 
  it makes sense for public open source projects where an insane number of developers work on the project without coordination and the coordinator has to merge everything as it comes but why the hell did i have to use git at work ? 
  ( i quit shortly after that ), 
  so the moral of the story is `` android sucks '' ? 
  svn can branch just fine . 
  then again i do n't really like branching in general and if it is up to me i like to keep it to minimum . 
  of course once we started using git we started having many more branches which made me hate it even more . 
  now i think they are acceptable . 
  sorry if i did not express my thought correctly . 
  i will have to pull the `` not a native speaker '' card out of my sleeve , 
  i promise to never learn git until i am paid to do so . 
  i can not understand why i have to think more about source control than the code i write .
