  the change tip bot now works , 
  no one i know pays with btc now because of the wait times and fees . 
  i do n't know what the plan is for big scaling . 
  satoshi 's plan to let moore 's law sort things out sounds fine to me . 
  it certainly works up to this point and the other plan does not ( if it did we would have ln today ), 
  ok then i accept bch , also eth and monero  as for the plan i meant that i do n't know what the plan is for bch . 
  the point is that it works today and the plan for btc does not work today . 
  if ln turns out to be great success then fine bch can just take the code and use it . 
  it is useful for representing strings of length 1 , 
  you realize that asp.net core is not backward compatible with asp.net of old ? 
  can someone explain what is the place of httpsys web server between kestrel and iis ? 
  so what is the need for this httpsys server ? 
  thanks . 
  do you happen to know what server one is supposed to run if the goal is to run asp.net core on top of the full framework on azure ? 
  do we even get to choose ? 
  or rather blocks will always be full because segwit adoption will never outpace bitcoin adoption . 
  unless of course btc fails or 2x part is activated . 
  can someone explain why segwit is needed for 2nd layer solutions ? 
  i would imagine that a second level solution is a service where you have an account and it manages your money internally and at the end of the day updates the remaining amounts on the blockchain kind of like banks settle with the central bank at the end of the day . 
  i do it even faster in sc2 , 
  i 'd go for on-cs masters degree if that 's a possibility . 
  biology , graphical design or business can pair well with programming assuming that you can get a masters without bachelor in these . 
  so basically transaction malleability is why we wait for n confirmations before we consider the transaction valid ? 
  it would also be meaningless information . 
  it is also based on the fact that in practice you can not choose a language to write the ui in and also the language that you are forced to use is one of the worst mainstream languages ( i think that from the languages that can be considered mainstream these days only php is worse ) . 
  on the desktop you can choose your own misery and it does n't feel as bad even if it because you have chosen based on what you like and what you find problematic . 
  on mobile the new languages ( swift and kotlin ) are quite good actually . 
  when i read the question my first thought was that the only way readbyteasync would ever make sense is with valuetask . 
  but it may still not make sense . 
  i like legacy too . 
  i treat it like archeology . 
  on the other hand i dread being stuck on an older version of the technology and not being allowed to move the project forward . 
  i am also somewhat of a programming language enthusiast . 
  i read the blogs and github issues about design decisions on a language features . 
  i take pleasure in using a good language more than i take pleasure of working on a good project . 
  this is why for me writing js ( which i am forced to do ) is especially painful . 
  i 'd rather work on a crap project than with a crap language . 
  why is n't it possible to send a 0 fee transaction . 
  was n't it possible with bitcoin a few years ago ? 
  and me . 
  really people ca n't afford to run a node that transmits 8mb to a 100 other nodes in 10 minutes ? 
  yes , in the past year i have only worked with typescript or on the backend ( c # ) . 
  i do n't intend to ever work on vanilla js codebase again but who knows . 
  typescript is a great improvement but i do n't find it pleasant . 
  it feels like javascript is a piece of shit that i had to move around in my hand and typescript is a plastic bag that i can use to carry the piece of shit around . 
  this is a great improvement but i 'd still rather not carry shit around , 
  first of all i have noticed that compile-to-js languages often leak the abstraction . 
  i do n't know how it is with the super modern stuff like elm or purescript maybe they are better than the tools of old which compiled c # or java to js . 
  however the more significant issue here is that on a company project in a team you ca n't use these fancy tools . 
  maybe you can do so if you work in silicon valley and the average engineer is highly qualified but where i live the average developer will barely handle elm and even if they could you still have to think about being able to maintain the project if the developers that knew elm quit . 
  in most environments and markets of the world it is irresponsible to your boss/client to choose such a niche technology where they ca n't find replacement for the team if the team quits . 
  if i were you i would n't run a full ( relaying ) node even for 1mb blocks . 
  good thing i have you covered . 
  well so you do n't run node anyway . 
  there is no reason for the number of nodes to change . 
  syncing should be a problem but your data caps probably go up every now and then . 
  chris metzen sucks . 
  has anyone else noticed that protoss in sc1 are textbook definition of fascists ? 
  in sc2 we only get to be the good guys . 
  in my opinion metzen is the worst thing to happen to blizzard . 
  worse than lucas , 
  probably but it seems that he did n't have complete monopoly over the story, 
  we can but we ca n't indicate in c # at compile time that we require one character and also char being a value type and all is much faster than string [ 1 ] . 
  algorithms that walk over a string char by char ( i.e. 
  every string algorithm ) will do a lot of allocations and put a lot of pressure on the gc . 
  developer , engineer , architect ... stop trying to steal other people 's professions . 
  stop being ashamed to call yourself a `` programmer '' . 
  to mock the ever growing inflation of titles i have listed myself on linkedin as ide operator . 
  i do n't know man ... it works for sending value quick and cheap . 
  i got a changetip from some guy , the first time i have seen that in years . 
  the `` huge bug '' may be a problem for miners and btc users but for bch users everything works fine . 
  bw set up things for a sequel quite well . 
  it introduced a bigger villain ( the master whom duran serves ) and the factions are not at peace at all kerrigan having destroyed them . 
  why they had to make her the good guy is beyond me . 
  flawed characters make for a good story . 
  in fact wol is the best sc2 game because raynor and tychus are so flawed . 
  i thought you said that writing the story for sc2 was so much harder that the same people who wrote the original butchered it only because it was harder . 
  i do n't think writing a sequel is that much harder to justify some of the bad stuff in sc2, 
  the startup culture is even worse . 
  because companies are small everyone is lead of something if not vp or chief of something, 
  i 'd take whatever inflated title ( preferable a c one ) they give me in the documents but i will still refer to myself as a programmer ( or ide operator if i want to be sarcastic ), 
  yeah , except no other profession invents new words to indicate that they do the side things needed for them to do their job . 
  an architect also makes sure that the building meets the regulation requirements other than actually architecting but they do n't call themselves architecture developers . 
  depending on the bureaucracy in the company they may expect you to sign enough documents and get your computer running , step two is getting accounts from all the places you will need accounts for , and finally you will be expected to actually setup your environment so that you can build the project and run it locally . 
  depending on how the company functions this whole process can take a day or a week . 
  intellisense works fine for me but lightbulb suggestions and reformat whole document sometimes bring it down hard ( not responding level ), 
  this is from 12 days ago, 
  this is what he is trying to prevent !, 
  how do reddit bots work ? 
  can i summon every bot from every subreddit ? 
  if not who decides if a bot follows a subreddit ? 
  what if i want to tip someone on / r/starcraft for example ? 
  yeah , i get that but i wonder if there are some reddit rules or established practice for that, 
  satoshi probably does not care about the money but imagine if he got outraged by the disrespect and comes one week before the hard fork and starts selling . 
  someone should write more fan fiction like that, 
  who do you think is taking the picture ? 
  as a random player, 
  mmm + tanks, 
  air ( vikings , liberators , ravens ), 
  usually for banshees and similar harass but in later stages ravens get their own hotkey,
