  beautiful game design . 
  except actual team games which are obviously still not worthy of getting a stupid gm league and an offline tournament . 
  yes and this is extremely sad . 
  people complain about balance and supposedly the impossibility to balance 2 vs 2 and 1 vs 1 at the same time . 
  however i never complained about balance ( in fact i do n't think it is very important especially for team games ) . 
  i just want some respect and promotion . 
  people also claim that team games can not work in rts but i grew up in an environment where people played extremely competitive 2 vs 2 for 3 years and it was great . 
  the reason team games were default in this environment were slow internet , a lot of internet cafes and not enough money for actual sc licenses to play on battle.net . 
  later this environment produced warcraft iii wcg champion and sc wcg bronze medalist so i know it was serious . 
  now people who played like 20 games of random team are telling me team games can not work in rts and are laughing at me and downvoting me for suggesting otherwise . 
  i am talking about bulgaria in the late 90s and early 2000s if you are wondering . 
  / me putting sc elitist hat, 
  yeah , shut up !, 
  your opinion does n't matter . 
  you are a scrub , go play lol or another easy game . 
  sc is supposed to be hard . 
  they should remove multi building selection !, 
  well i do n't claim that the game will be balanced without macro inject but auto cast will keep it the same except for your last point . 
  and i just said in my comment before that that i do n't want pro-gamers or even regular gamers to differentiate based on that particular ability because it is simply stupid . 
  protoss players differentiate on chrono boosts which are not stupid . 
  on the other side what is the use for casting if it can not be used for method arguments ? 
  i am perfectly sure automated tournaments are n't related to balance in any way . 
  i personally do n't think team games are imbalanced in the sense that there is not one race combination that dominates . 
  there certainly are weaker combos but these can be handled by teams not picking these weaker combos the same way weak heroes are not picked in dotas and weak characters are not picked in fighting games . 
  as long as there are at least two combos that are even at the top team games are a net positive for starcraft, 
  team games certainly can be balanced without breaking 1 vs 1 balance . 
  i just do n't ask for this because blizzard do n't want to flip a stupid switch to allow gm for 2 vs 2 i ca n't imagine them being bothered to do something with the actual game for 2 vs 2 . 
  for example they could introduce combo mechanics and buff or nerf the different combos to balance things for 2 vs 2 . 
  since these mechanics will not be present in 1 vs 1 they can be changed freely to match whatever imbalances 1 vs 1 brings . 
  the things i ask for are essentially `` free '' , gm for arranged teams , one lan tournament per year for 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 ( not free but nothing compared to the investment in wcs ) , and now automated tournaments for 2 vs 2 . 
  i do n't know who you are but here i ask you for a 2 vs 2 tournament . 
  the last one with any production was very fun and i 'd gladly redirect my gsl premium subscription money towards it because i had more fun watching it than a full season of gsl . 
  and it was stupid online tournament hosted by nathanias that ran into a lot of issues . 
  interestingly enough this tournament was praised by everyone who watched for being very interesting but some people who praised it still claimed that it was interesting only because it was one-off and the 2 vs 2 meta could not possibly stay interesting if it evolved more . 
  i wonder how they knew when no one ever tried it ... 
  i am not asking you to start playing team games and even then you admit that you play it with friends . 
  yeah i want to play with friends too and not be treated like i am taking a fun break because i am taking it as seriously as i am taking 1 vs 1 even when i play with a bronze friend . 
  maybe you talk to people like you so this is why you feel this way . 
  guess what happens when i talk to my ( real life ) friends !, 
  archon mode ( a.k.a. 
  team melee ) is frustrating and boring in my opinion . 
  frustrating if you are stepping on each others ' toes and boring if one person is doing very little in order to avoid stepping on each others ' toes . 
  however the fact that i personally do n't want to play archon mode is not important . 
  what is important is that it does not enhance the game in the sense that we will not see any new cool strategies that differ from 1 vs 1 like we get from team games where even if only 1 strategy is played it will still add 1 strategy to the total pool of strategies we see in sc2 . 
  well arranged teams have their own ladder rating that should be used regardless of the individual levels of the players . 
  i assume that automated tournaments will be available only for arranged teams since random teams can not be held together for the length of the tournament . 
  and finally the point of the tournament is to determine the best player/team not to be balanced at each step . 
  please blizzard add this for arranged 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 teams !, 
  what is the actual problem with people leaving the game and losing ladder points ? 
  they go to the lower levels to beat weaker players ? 
  i remember in the brood war days we were actually begging stronger players for a game ( and weaker players were begging us ) . 
  why is it bad that you get to play a strong player ? 
  so do you do things with actual production ( like observing , commentating , etc. ) ? 
  if so do a monthly 2 vs 2 cup and i will add $ 50 to your $ 50 . 
  oh btw i forgot the greatest insult to team games - those `` showmatches '' progamers do at tournaments where they are just goofing around and not even trying to win . 
  at least ask the players to play seriously or stop doing these . 
  so i see that blizzard will be basing tournaments on mmr . 
  i personally think this is not a good idea . 
  i 'd rather take the warcraft iii approach where automated tournaments were not related to player ranks . 
  everybody was just in it together . 
  but as i said just do tournaments for arranged teams - arranged teams have mmr just like 1 vs 1 players . 
  ok that 's quite reasonable level of production . 
  i think i can throw $ 50 at this once a month for a couple of months if you decide to organize it just message me and i 'll contribute to that prize pool . 
  how does this work ? 
  yeah , to be honest i simply do n't see the need for mmr separated tournaments . 
  if they are trying to emulate real tournaments why do that ? 
  in real tournaments you are just thrown in the pit . 
  i checked about . 
  did n't occur to me that it would be on contact, 
  strange how my experience with real tournament differs . 
  of course i only played in open brackets and they may want to emulate end stages . 
  warcraft iii had multiple simultaneous tournaments with totally random people in it . 
  this meant that a win in one of those was a serious thing because the skill distribution was even . 
  now winning one of the current tournaments would be devalued by the fact that you only compete with people on your level anyway and also you do n't have a chance to play a gm player . 
  i think the warcraft iii model was perfect but i also thought the ladder model of warcraft iii was perfect with its pure mmr placement that was visible to everyone . 
  what do i know ... 
  i do n't know what is better honestly . 
  i prefer the warcraft iii no bullshit attitude towards ladder but the current ladder may be more motivating for most players . 
  maybe you have to lie to people , 
  i just realized that blizzard made a mistake by removing mules . 
  they should let you drop mules but mules should not be able to mine minerals . 
  even better let mules mine minerals but when they return they deliver 0 minerals . 
  that way you can constantly drop mules on your mineral line to mine out faster and show your opponent that you can beat him even this way !, 
  can confirm . 
  was there fighting for the right to have multi building selection in the game . 
  at the time it was such a debate that the mbs acronym was universally recognized , 
  btw i think chrono boost is a great macro mechanic . 
  the only issue is that like other macro mechanic it drives the game into the later stages too fast . 
  i think chrono boost that can not boost nexuses would be perfect macro mechanic - contains decision each time it is used ( even the decision to pool it instead of use it ) and requires returning to your base to macro . 
  contrast that to the worst macro mechanic - larva inject which is something you do all the time when you can spare the apm and there are very few instances ( usually early game rushes ) when you keep the energy on the queen instead of injecting . 
  my understanding is she did n't hop to any other sc2 dicks except for nani and destiny . 
  she seems somewhat crazy and talks weird shit on her stream and is probably an attention whore but my impression is that accusing her of actual whoring is a bit unfair . 
  of course we should stick with the meme and claim she sucks all sc2 dicks because this way it is funnier . 
   mary ann davidson is the chief security officer of oracle corporation , the second largest software company in the world, 
  why the hell does the article say this about oracle . 
  i do n't see every article about microsoft employee list that microsoft is the largest software company in the world ( i do n't even know if ms and oracle are 1st and 2nd ), 
  how things work with different companies when caught doing something evil :, 
  you are evil !, 
  no we are not evil . 
  this is a conspiracy .
