  does n't work in any of my brwsers or i am doing something wrong . 
  in ie after i press enter on a command nothing happens and i can not type another command . 
  in opera i just got white page and nothing else . 
  i do n't have them installed on this machine . 
  has the web gone fx/chrome-only these days ? 
  this is why i keep opera around but lately i 've hit two dev related websites that have worse support for opera than ie ( c7.io and now this github demo ) . 
  well i guess i would n't like their services anyway . 
  i would expect fields of primitive types to be laid out one after the other in memory . 
  not so for fields of reference types though . 
  click on `` format '' and select html5, 
  can you roll pattern matching into the switch statement later on ? 
  it seems like they have enough intersections . 
  if you can use pattern matching for everything you use swtich why have separate switch statement at all ? 
  i really do n't see why this is such an issue . 
  what 's so hard about using a variable ? 
  dart is designed for the web which means that it has to be full of shit like everything else in client-side web development , 
  it does n't make much sense to me to learn a new language that compiles to js when i can use c # ( via script # ) and java ( via gwt ) . 
  why not use existing server-side language that we already use for large-scale server-side development ? 
  first you need to build server side tools , frameworks and libraries of the size of established platforms like java and . net to make dart effective platform . 
  even if i prefer dart as a language i would hardly use it because i ca n't use it effectively on both client and server side . 
  i know that you want to have server side dart development but in this case the scale of the project is so much bigger . 
  interesting . 
  i have the same opinion about web development in general . 
  obviously there are different levels of live/job hate . 
  the title is sensationalist bullshit . 
  they do not drop support . 
  they create a special lib with the same features to support ie6/7/8 . 
  if anything they are giving ie6/7/8 additional support . 
  there will be nothing in jquery 2.0 that is not in 1.9 . 
  also jquery 2.0 will be released in 2013 and they do n't expect to add many new features from in the future anyway . 
  it does n't mean it will be `` progressing faster for browsers with adequate html5 support '' it means only that it will perform better . 
  in fact they claim that jquery is mature and largely feature complete . 
  they do n't have much to add . 
  jquery hardly deals with these kind of features . 
  it is just a library for selecting and working with html elements . 
  as far as jquery is concerned it is the same if the element is 3d canvas , media element or just a div . 
  specific html features are usually used by jquery plugins . 
  it implies that something related to jquery will not work in ie6/7/8 as if it is saying `` people will be forced to upgrade browsers because something will not work '' or `` developers will not be able to use jquery for ie6/7/8 '' . 
  technically jquery 2.0 never supported ie6/7/8 so it can not drop support , 
  so if we need to be exact the title should be jquery will not include support for ie6/7/8 because it never supported ie6/7/8 so it can not `` drop '' support . 
  jquery 2.0 is in fact not a new version of jquery ( in relation to 1.9 ) . 
  it could have been called jquery 1.9-slim, 
  so how do you deal with that bad joke called nhiberate linq provider ? 
  did any kespa player make it through his part of the bracket so far ? 
  yeah kespa may not allow players to compete in the gsl . 
  i hope they do though . 
  i really hated the closed community that kespa created and was rooting for the gom players for exactly this reason . 
  i checked his liquipedia page for sc1 and there were not any real accomplishments listed, 
  note that many people believed kespa players would be at least equal to gsl players in 3-4 months and totally dominate them in a year due to some magical property called `` skill '' which they had and nestea did n't because he was a b-teamer ( although this is not a good example since nestea lost ) . 
  they had 5 up to now did n't they ? 
  although i am not sure for how long they have been playing sc2 exclusively . 
  playing both games is very hard ( i tried it and i constantly messed up my keys in both of them ), 
  i clearly remember news that they were trainig back in february . 
  so when does 4 gate come ? 
  5 minutes game time ? 
  in standard time it will come on ~ 3.38 . 
  if you have other timigs i will be happy to multiply them by 0.725 for you, 
  i 've been wondering who came up with that dumb idea to begin with . 
  why even display the same time in all game modes ? 
  why not normalize them depending on game speed and always show real time in info . 
  it is not . 
  it used to be for several months but apple removed that . 
  it just serves to prove that there is no such thing as web standards . 
  everyone is doing whatever they want and the `` standards '' body is forced to agree with whoever is strong in the browser space at that point . 
  basically things go like this - one vendor implements a feature because it sounds cool or because they need it for their product ( this is what google are doing and how ms invented xmlhttprequest on which ajax is built ) . 
  other vendors decide that the feature is cool and copy it , sometimes 1:1 sometimes slightly different . 
  if they do n't copy it developers do n't use it but sometimes it is so cool that developers use it and browser vendors are forced to implement it . 
  then comes the standards body which exists purely to make the people sitting in it important and decides that some version of the feature is a standard . 
  then the marketing shitstorm begins and people blame one vendor or the other for not following the standard . 
  note that ie is not always on the receiving side . 
  sometimes other browser vendors have their features declared nonstandard . 
  for example canvas in webkit browser has some nonstandard behaviour because the standards body changed the behaviour when they accepted the standard . 
  webkit browsers had canvas before there was a standard and firefox and ie got it after there was a standard . 
  frankly i do n't know the details . 
  i only know that webkit implementation is different from gecko and trident . 
  of course canvas originated in webkit but the w3c kind of declared the implementation in webkit non-standard . 
  probably they had good reason to do so but guess what - the webkit guys will not be changing it , 
  i am not sure how it is called but it was something with how shapes layer over one another . 
  now that i think of it it may have been for svg but i still think it was for canvas . 
  i did n't pay much attention but i found it interesting how the tech originated from some browser and then the standards body declared the behaviour non-standard . 
  edit : i found it - http://channel9.msdn.com/events/mix/mix11/htm03 something called composition operators . 
  he talks about it at around 15th minute and later lists the differences between ie/opera/fx and safari/chrome, 
  nah ... only web related posts . 
  yeah . 
  i was expressing my dislike for web development . 
  nothing wrong with your posts , 
  he always loses to zergs in these tournaments and for some reason he 's managed to ( mostly ) avoid zergs in the gsl, 
  so you would like to see it shut down ? 
  cause this is what google does when it buys something , 
  so did the lumia . 
  what is your point ? 
  what about lines of code produced or number of commits ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  do you really think this is ok or you are reinforcing the original point ? 
  surprisingly this might just work . 
  you can hardly do damage with await even if there is no reason to await and the api will force you into async code . 
  of course you can force each task to complete synchronously but someone who knows that will probably know how to use await properly . 
  and this is how everyone should do it !, 
  simple get by id queries will hardly suffer performance hit from an orm ( the orm can not get it wrong in this simple case ) and there are very few complex queries in a project that can be easily delegated to stored procedures . 
  are you sure ?
