  sounds very good . 
  i am worried that the amount of workers required may make the supply cap even more important than it currently is . 
  i find it stupid that a player with a great advantage can lose because the opponent just waits for max and wins a single fight despite the fact that the first player has a lot more resources . 
  the article does suggest to do the same with gas . 
  sometimes i wonder if increase of the supply cap could work . 
  well 300/300 is probably extreme . 
  250/250 would be ok or maybe even 225 , just to make sure that player with great advantage ( owns the map has great economy ) does not lose because the opponent just maxed and won one battle with some more supply . 
  i actually see the unit interaction thing as an advantage of this idea . 
  i was very sad that blizzard and the community killed small maps and all the unit interactions that came with smaller scale . 
  so if there can be more different types of interactions that 's more than welcome . 
  well in europe the state guarantees like 100k eur in the bank . 
  now when you will get your money is a different conversation but there is no reason for great panic . 
  even if there is not enough money ecb can always print eur . 
  hell , they print eur as it is for ... 
  i have no idea what for , because they think it is cool i guess ... 
  i still ca n't decide if this is real or someone is very good with photoshop . 
  highly unlikely to happen in europe . 
  europe ( especially germany ) has very strong economy to back the euro . 
  can swallow any bank run . 
  of course there are things worse than bank runs but panic by normal people in spain and italy is unlikely to destroy the euro . 
  you ask strangers on the internet for financial advice, 
  you waited till now to do it knowing the situation in greece . 
  if i had money in greece i would be getting it out of the bank ( or in a bank in another country ) as soon as the polls pointed to syriza winning the elections . 
  your father should get more serious about financial decisions . 
  on topic : i would recommend transferring the eur in german bank . 
  we can be serious but we have a reputation to uphold . 
  we do n't want people thinking we are gay unless we really are gay . 
  i would never advise anyone to invest anything he is not prepared to lose in bitcoin . 
  on the other hand i would advise to invest what one is prepared to lose in btc , 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  it may take time but they will pay out . 
  wan na bet that the people of greece will continue to use euro instead of rapidly devaluing drachma ? 
  what is more i would think big players have already taken into account grexit and the price of the euro already incorporates that risk . 
  well you just wait until there is money again . 
  as i said in the case of euro zone countries ( the original comment referred to spain and italy ) the ecb can just print money . 
  are you sure your bank balance will be converted ? 
  because i do n't think this is how it works . 
  i think only your pension and salary will be converted . 
  of course the government can mandate some strange form of nationalization of bank accounts through conversion but my understanding is that greece does n't want to do that and in any case the government should be worried about their physical safety if they tried . 
  i do n't think this is the case . 
  creditors will not be paid , that 's the whole point of a default . 
  i love how people are reinventing asp.net web forms . 
  first the component model now generating inline styles via the framework . 
  not a c/c + + programmer so i have to ask why not write c++ as if it is c ? 
  one should be able to compile most c code with a c++ compiler and maintain compatibility , right ? 
  they do not support swift and java for ios and android or at least they do n't aim to be the default dev platform . 
  they support swift ( currently they only support objective-c but they are working on swift ) and java that target windows . 
  the idea is to port apps from ios and android very easily not to develop for ios and android in vs. c # code runs on other platforms via xamarin . 
  i do n't know if your nuget troubles are related to . net core and asp.net 5 but i 'd like to point out that these will not be part of the release and will come later . 
  first of all the announcement specifically says . net 4.6 . 
  in addition someone on the asp.net team said it during a build session . 
  it was either scott hanselman or damian edwards but i am too lazy to look for it . 
  i believe it was one of these two sessions :, 
  and kinect, 
  i think they officially revealed the pc port of killer instinct on e3 ( requires windows 10 iirc ), 
  well ... 
  it sucks that ms failed so bad with kinect ( not only in xbone but in general after the successful launch ) but i am not that sore . 
  after all they ported dance central over and it works fine . 
  i loved that part . 
  still better than boring forced macro balanced maps . 
  no , most players are like this but the most vocal part ( i.e. 
  those who play a lot and the pro scene ) hate losing to anything but flash macro so they cry on all the forums and in interviews and influence the development of the game . 
  i just do n't get the static generators thing . 
  it seems so backwards ... 
  i know security and performance are better but that 's a blog engine what security and performance requirements do they have and how hard can it be to implement these requirements ? 
  readers can add things or point to mistakes . 
  comments are only a source of security issues if they allow rich formatting . 
  imagine if you had learned asp.net at the time . 
  you would n't suffer php for a decade . 
  at this point it does n't really matter . 
  silverlight was banned by jobs on ios and that was its death sentence . 
  google has removed plugin support via npapi and it does n't work on android . 
  basically you ca n't use silverlight in a non-controlled environment anyway and if you are in a controlled environment you can just mandate ie11 or out of browser silverlight apps . 
  very little changes about silverlight with this . 
  what is annoying is that they did n't ditch flash but this time will come too . 
  jobs killed this too . 
  did netflix walk away ? 
  i do n't have netflix in my country but my hbo go still works with silverlight ( and sl is doing a great job to be honest , works better than twitch for example ), 
  it was n't as much that it was late to the party . 
  the ios thing killed flash too and it was n't late to the party . 
  make those wcf services ajax-enabled ( built in feature of wcf ) and use angular to port the app . 
  or you know ... you can just live with it . 
  if it is not customer facing you probably do n't have a reason to migrate . 
  i suggested angular only because with angular you can use the same patterns as with silverlight . 
  i think i am more of a fan of react but this flux architecture still gives me headaches, 
  yeah i thought it was lag on my stream when they played it yesterday . 
  i read this in the voice of the japanese guy killing dolphins in south park - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgepbtbcuty, 
  you know if you officially get the game as your girlfriend you may win the gsl . 
  the problem is that we have this shit system that wo n't tell you your actual rank as a number and changes the percentages of the leagues every 2 months so people just declare the highest badge they got in the last year as their rating . 
  that 's completely separate problem . 
  why the hell are you afraid to ask questions especially if you are familiar with the site 's policies ? 
  i ask a lot of questions and in general have positive experience . 
  this happened after the site got a good amount of questions so most new questions were in fact duplicates or someone completely incapable of communicating in english trying to ask something that does n't even make sense . 
  the community got very defensive and aggressively downvotes and closes even mid-quality questions because of that . 
  in fact i stopped contributing because of the low quality of new questions asked which made answering boring and not a good learning experience rather than the experience with my own questions which is still great . 
  with your experience on the website you do n't have any reason to fear this . 
  i can get why someone can get upset about this but if someone like / u/ijzerbaard sticks around to get 20k reputation answering questions i guess he is not particularly bothered by it . 
  anyone know how i can get it to expand a product like x * ( x + 2 ) into a sum like x ^ 2 + 2 * x ? 
  edit : i just found algebraicexpand ( ) . 
  now if i could make it print the higher degree terms first and eliminate 1 * in products ...
