  these features may or may not make it in and are at least a year away probably 2 . 
  the enterprise development does have its interesting side though . 
  most of it is legacy and legacy that makes money . 
  it has flaws and you ca n't just rewrite it . 
  finding out why something was built a certain way is like time travelling to the past and keeping it working while changing and improving it is a special kind of coding challenge that is often quite diverse . 
  or that everyone had gone insane back then for no obvious reason and did a mass suicide or something ... 
  yeah when i first realized i actually enjoyed working on legacy software i wrote this - [ software development is like archeology ] ( http://sietch.net/viewnewsitem.aspx?newsitemid=148 ), 
  i find it hard to believe that every programmer needs to know about game networking . 
  what you say is not obvious . 
  we need to know how many hackers are out there as a percentage of total players . 
  if the percentage of hackers is higher than the percentage of hackers in gm then hackers do not reach the highest levels but if it is the other way around they do reach it . 
  of course highest level with hacks is not really highest level ... 
  makes me want to build a super successful open source project just to be able to tell them to suck it when they come for it . 
  these are not programmers investing energy . 
  these are professional sjws, 
  it matters if the us president does n't roleplay as will probably be the case with trump . 
  i guess you are thinking of sc2, 
  did n't they try at some point ? 
  of course the attempt was shut down so hard they could n't create their usual chaos and lynch someone . 
  also they probably realized it is impossible to lynch linus . 
  open source projects maintained by individuals or unaffiliated communities may reject it but i guess projects maintained by big companies will have a hard time rejecting it since they have to handle p.r. 
  for the company . 
  how can microsoft reject it and risk boycotts of their end-user products ? 
  in my opinion it is their lack of experience with the open development . 
  they were used to not announcing roadmaps until they are sure and they were used to stable planning and not a lot of outside suggestions that make plans change . 
  do you find mvc 5 somehow not solid ? 
  if so why ? 
  lawyers are not very good at handling p.r. 
  crisis . 
  in fact they are bad at it . 
  i was really surprised when everybody put on the pink glasses after asp.net vnext announcement . 
  such a hard fork was bound to cause extreme problems but nobody seemed to care . 
  and this is just starting . 
  i am afraid of python 2 vs python 3 community divide . 
  does a `` go live '' license make sense in an open source setting ? 
  i mean up to now i really believed the `` go live '' thing to be an actual license , not just recommendation . 
  in case of something that performance critical you can go out of your way and not use foreach or swallow the scoping rules . 
  strange but i thought this was rejected some time ago probably for c # 6.0 . 
  i am probably wrong . 
  because with select i do n't need to write another method and wonder where to put it . 
  also i was thinking more of the original proposal to add syntax to c # . 
  creating an array is already an o ( n ) operation since it requires zeroing the array . 
  now this can be optimized in a lot of ways compared to what will be required with non-nullable types but fundamentally the complexity of creating an array is o ( n ), 
  so how do i support 2 vs 2 tournaments ? 
  well i ca n't really sponsor a tournament myself but i will do a modest donation if a 2 vs 2 tournament with a reasonable production happens . 
  i watched the last basetrade tv 2 vs 2 tournament but i think it was like an year ago . 
  i do n't have any groundbreaking ideas . 
  i just want to watch 2 vs 2 competition with something at stake so that everyone plays at their best and regular 2 vs 2 players should be able to qualify as opposed to pro invitations ( the last nathanias tournament showed that people who play 2 vs 2 may be better than the pros at this ), 
  just do it already . 
  well ok , please do a 2 vs 2 tournament , 
  say hello to my 14/14 speedlings in your base , 
  so when are you doing a 2 vs 2 tournament ? 
  removing the button is such a simple solution it is infuriating they have not implemented it . 
  watched the avilo episode . 
  the strategies were good and educational but his voice and the way he explains things were just annoying . 
  started watching the neuro episode and at the very start he declares that he is not good at strategies and will therefore discuss some bullshit about state of mind . 
  turned it off after 10 minutes . 
  i have watched neuro 's stream and he does quite reasonable job at explaining strategies and analyzing replays and i was looking forward to more of it . 
  yeah what were we thinking ? 
  real high quality virtual machine that supports real languages and real application programming ui frameworks instead of a document format ( like doc and pdf ) and a language designed to make a monkey dance . 
  how could we think that the former is a better idea ? 
  great article !, 
  ages ago . 
  fuck that !, 
  i promise if they give me access to the code i can fix it and i have never done any game programming before . 
  how hard can it be to remove a fucking button from the ui ? 
  we 're not asking them to fix the broken ladder algorithm in a hot-fix . 
  i am pretty sure i can remove the fucking button . 
  now of course i will not remove it as in delete the code . 
  i will simply make it invisible and unclickable . 
  since there are no bugs related to not clicking the button it is obvious that it is highly unlikely that other code will break from the button becoming invisible . 
  they are welcome to fix the actual algorithm when they see fit and return the button `` shortly '' but `` shortly '' has now extended for several months . 
  it is very hard to not support them . 
  certainly you can override the render method to not do anything . 
  i have almost a decade of professional programming experience and i am aware how hard fixing the actual bug can be . 
  the bug itself is relatively harmless and while it should be fixed fixing it is not urgent . 
  the problem is that the bug is being abused and it is being abused via the button . 
  they should hide the button and take their time to track down the actual bug and test the fix . 
  i support this idea and unlike / u/filtersc i 'd rather play non-standard maps rather boring ones . 
  however i do n't see why the veto system ca n't be used so that all of us get what we want . 
  i have no game programming experience . 
  i do have enterprise software experience . 
  as for the leave league button it punishes very little people very mildly since people rarely leave league and they can certainly go a few months without leaving a league . 
  after all the game was released without this button and nobody thought to complain for a year . 
  very few people use the button legitimately . 
  of course you want to punish the majority of people who abuse it . 
  as for the debugging i probably wo n't be able to track and fix a bug like this in an unknown codebase but i certainly can hide a stupid button . 
  that was my whole point . 
  fixing the bug may be hard . 
  hiding the button is easy . 
  i do n't claim to be very good at english but i am confident you are either trolling me or failing reading comprehension . 
  i read somewhere that this is because gambling is illegal and if you do this then you are basically part of illegal gambling network . 
  my moral compass does n't work like this . 
  players did not promise the gamblers to play at their best , gamblers put their faith in the players . 
  also gambling in korea is illegal so basically you can only rip off criminals . 
  but why is it the government job to prosecute these people and why are they putting people in jail . 
  this should be something the organizations do . 
  it has gambling , match fixing and even a gay scandal . 
  your argument is invalid . 
  well i guess you want the government to take care of people , force people to vaccinate , tell people how to raise their children , ban smoking in restaurants , ban drugs , force everyone into public healthcare schemes , tax the rich , feed the poor , etc.
