  c # went 15 years without significant breaking changes and the community values backward compatibility much more . 
  except that the reduce my fun ? 
  it is unrelated . 
  also at least for the lg how does it help to see an endless stream of 7s . 
  as if i am gon na count them and know the amount of damage . 
  yes it is useful for rockets and annoying for lg . 
  maybe it would be best if you can turn it on/off per weapon . 
  you may disagree with roger but he loves bitcoin . 
  if uasf is indeed the right path and segwit is success roger will be happy . 
  at the very least he holds a lot of btc and the current situation slows down the price increase . 
  he would certainly prefer to be wrong if that makes him richer, 
  what makes them think users will activate sw ? 
  what percentage of core nodes run the latest version ? 
  i support everything that has the potential to kill the web so we can go back to building desktop/mobile apps in non-js and non-html . 
  f # is also great and vb.net is only frowned upon because it is not c-style and has a vb name . 
  xamarin bought robovm before being bought by microsoft . 
  microsoft just did n't want it . 
  on the other hand robovm is open source so i guess if there is interest in it someone will fork . 
  if he is willing to accept the risk of being sued by oracle . 
  i never tried it but i am under the impression that if your app happens to be simple enough or simply use things that work well in xamarin then people are very happy but sometimes this is not the case . 
  certainly not a good fit for every app but also a good fit for many apps . 
  this is true but nobody wants to pay me to build those apps . 
  they pay me to build web apps . 
  software was useful before the web and will be useful after the web so i must assume that if there was no web i would still be paid to write software just in less shitty tech . 
  this explains why you would support ie6 but not why you would use ie6 to browse so, 
  i bought at $ 600 in 2013 . 
  3 days later it crashed hard ( went to $ 250 at some point i think ) . 
  still hodling , 
  what makes them think they would get significant percentage of nodes for the uasf anyway ? 
  well ... 
  if there was a sure way to tell what the price would be in 2018 then everyone would buy coins until that price is reached today . 
  but there is no certainty . 
  invest in btc not to get reach but to diversify your investment . 
  if you have $ 10k for example buy $ 1000 worth of btc , $ 2000 worth of gold and $ 2000 worth of shares, 
  another reason to buy btc is as a political statement . 
  fuck governments and their money printing machines . 
  if you treat it as a political statement you ca n't lose because you have made the point regardless of price . 
  a noble goal that i stand behind but for me personally the ultimate goal is freedom to move funds without government control ( and yes avoiding taxes a.k.a. 
  theft ) . 
  doing it cheaply is secondary goal for me . 
  chilean military helicopter ? 
  of chilean army variety ? 
  for transporting humans with leftist views to the sea ? 
  first of all the fact that i use something that is paid for with taxes ( or even `` enjoy '' it ) does not change the fact that taxation is theft because money was taken without my consent . 
  it is totally irrelevant if i benefit from it or not . 
  however even then the government still sucks . 
  in your opinion what part of the state budget goes for roads , firefighters and protecting our homes ? 
  it depends on what country you live in but where i live it is probably ~ 10 % with the police being probably 8 % of these and police does a lot more than protecting our homes like chasing teenagers who smoke weed . 
  if they were only protecting our homes they would cost much less . 
  in my country the lion share of taxes goes towards subsidizing bankrupt pensions system . 
  literally 1/3rd of the budget . 
  in the us i think a lot goes towards military spending . 
  in any case roads and firefighters are a very small part . 
  even by your logic 90 % of taxes are still theft . 
  but if not for taxes who would pay for the roads ? 
  why not have toll roads everywhere ? 
  where 's the problem with that . 
  we would probably have road subscriptions and road providers would organize to share the revenue . 
  you know like mobile phone carriers . 
  i am not buying prepaid cards when i travel to a different country . 
  there is this thing called roaming . 
  chances are roads will be of higher quality , more convenient and cheaper if they were n't built by governments . 
  firefighters could be funded by voluntary donations . 
  i know i would donate for firefighters at once . 
  also you are aware in the old west towns collected money to pay the town sheriff right ? 
  so it is possible . 
   bridges , roads , military , police , and education are foundations of society and can not be privately funded, 
  [ citation needed ], 
  also i do n't know what w-4 is but can i possibly work for money without paying taxes and not going to jail ? 
  for firefighters i would pay for them to do their job as they do it now and they would put out the fire in my neighbour 's house even if he does n't pay . 
  currently there are no countries where these things are privately funded entirely but private bridges , roads and even military do exist . 
  historically in a lot of cases these were privately funded . 
  again for that document i must ask can i work without signing this and going to prison ? 
  was the payment for the sheriff in the old west mandatory ? 
  always ? 
  the main difference is that i propose that payment is voluntary . 
  10s has nothing to do with it . 
  windows on arm and 10s are different beasts, 
  certainly tablets first ( surface 3 successor as / u/fansurface pointed out ) . 
  this puts eventual surface phone if it is released ever at a 2018 announcement ( mwc for example ) . 
  if someone told me sp exists and will be released i would bet for the end of 2018 as a release date . 
  this is quite stupid because i am certain the amount of quality apps in the store is going down since they murdered the phone . 
  my apps statistics say otherwise . 
  my friend 's app statistics say the same as my app statistics . 
  now our apps are more suitable for mobile but still the difference is too big and in the context of the conversation we should look at phone-ready apps . 
  the apps in question are a mills game ( s ) and a weather app . 
  both of us still more usage and downloads from mobile despite the fact that ms have not been releasing phones and promoting it for an year than from all other platforms combined . 
  pushing the desktop version to mobile makes sense . 
  not releasing mobile devices and corresponding os for 2 + years does not make sense . 
  well they should n't have written off nokia maybe . 
  but i am not talking about the loss of market share but by the loss of ecosystem ( i.e. 
  losing existing apps ), 
  do n't worry about our apps . 
  we build them because we love building for the platform not for money . 
  we wo n't build anymore until we get a new phone . 
  my friend does n't even own a wp anymore, 
  according to the great eric lippert the answer to why value types are not reference types is - because they can . 
  value types are an optimization . 
  technically value types derive from system.valuetype ( which derives from system.object ) and this is how the runtime tells them apart but some programmer somewhere declares what is value type ( by declaring struct ) and what is a reference type ( by declaring a class ), 
  there was ecosystem and quite strong one .
