  i do n't see what binary compatibility has to do with this . 
  you do need to install new versions for the new apis anyway . 
  i find your conclusion about why java is more popular than c # quite absurd . 
  it seems like you are contradicting yourself . 
  if enterprises do not migrate for new apis then they will not migrate for generics support . 
  if they require a new runtime for the new apis this is just fine because enterprises will still need to install new version of java . 
  they either upgrade their java installation or they do n't . 
  what is binary compatibility good for ? 
  the ability to skip recompiling the libraries does not seem important to me . 
  in addition as pointed out by other people . net allows running assemblies of different versions in a single application . 
  each assembly uses its own version of the framework which need to be installed side by side . 
  i think the real reason to implement generics the way they were implemented is that they did not want to do all the work required to have real generics especially since this work should then be ported to multiple implementations of the vm, 
  so which are the appropriate ones ? 
   even if we accept that there are appropriate ones in practice checked exceptions are more likely to provoke the developer to write worse code ( i.e. 
  catch ( exception ) { } ) rather than help them handle exceptions correctly . 
  they are counterproductive . 
  i do n't know . 
  i never used this feature  i assume you declare in the config how you handle conflicting classes . 
  yeah right !, 
  blame the cheeses !, 
  typical artesia bullshit . 
  as if players do n't cheese in tournaments . 
  it seems to me that the koreans do not even have a word for cheese . 
  and even if this was true those guys play on pro teams and can easily practice whatever style they like among themselves . 
  this is the whole point of playing in a team . 
  in the words of the great john carmack ` the speed of light sucks ', 
  the gap was perceived to be bigger even before wcs was announced, 
  you just owned the discussion . 
  it 's about culture . 
  swedes have been good at all competitive games for decades . 
  they completely owned the cs scene and were top players at warcraft iii . 
  it 's all about culture . 
  by contrast normal people in the usa seem to consider halo highly competitive game . 
  i bet if big bang theory was made in sweden the characters would n't play halo , 
  so if we follow this logic the na players should be the best in the world in defending cheese ? 
  i am sure that if i check the vods i will find many games where the korean beat the na player with cheese , 
  this makes no sense . 
  they are not the ones cheesing they are the ones being cheesed . 
  you train defending cheese by defending cheese . 
  you may claim that they ca n't win the late game even if they have advantage from defending the cheese because they did not train the late game enough but if they fail to defend the cheese this means that they are just bad players who ca n't improve with the thing they train more than anybody else . 
  this makes 0 sense to me . 
  you are saying that they need to be cheesed by higher level players ? 
  if so then the problem is not that na players cheese but that na players are bad which is quite different from the `` ladder mentality '' artosis bullshit . 
  artosis is saying that lower level players who cheese are somehow preventing pro players from improving not that the pro players themselves are cheesing . 
  i do n't see why it matters if the cheeser can play macro game or not . 
  btw in my opinion you need to incorporate some level of cheese ( about 30 % ) on all levels . 
  cheese is super valid strategy based on the fact that sc is a game of incomplete information . 
  with games of incomplete information you need to include randomness in your game . 
  i thought eg were the richest team . 
  the usa society is ruining esports , 
  i remember the days when koreans dominated sc1 and foreigners were complaining they were locked out of their scene . 
  now everyone can play against the koreans but they are still complaining because they have their asses kicked . 
  at this point it should be obvious to everyone that it is practice , discipline and team houses that make koreans better , not something magical about the korean scene . 
  while foreigners are pretending to be stars and jerking off on their streams with their `` personality '' the koreans practice with brutal schedules . 
  bad name for sure but why would a viewer who cares about starcraft and not about patriotism ever watch something that would fit the na name ? 
  they have opportunities because they are better players . 
  why should anyone give cash to bad players ? 
  as far as i know teams like eg already have more money than korean teams . 
  so who is the player with determination to practice 14 hours a day ? 
  if he exists why is he not on the rich team eg ? 
  if eg do not support this player and instead focus on personalities and entertainers why does the community support eg and not the team of this hypothetical player ? 
  this is entirely wrong . 
  cheese does require practice and skill . 
  in fact preventing scouting is even more important with cheese . 
  also i do n't see what the problem is with your opponent cheesing and you playing a macro game . 
  if this was true then everyone who does not cheese would be on the top of the ladder because they would improve so much more . 
  and then again even if all this was true if na teams ca n't organize to practice outside the ladder they do n't deserve to be sponsored with as much as a t-shirt let alone the amount of money sponsors throw at them . 
  i really want to see the foreign scene succeed but i 'd rather see it fail than watch the current stars being pushed to the top artificially while they completely lack any discipline and whine all the time about balance , cheese and what not . 
  this would make sense if only kespa teams owned the foreigners but the esf teams do it as well and they are not sponsored on this level . 
  also how is that only korean teams can get this kind of sponsorship ? 
  why does n't root work on the same level ? 
  yeah i know because it is hard and takes years and this is precisely why foreigners who are not willing to invest in it can simply go home . 
  i do n't feel sorry for them and i do n't want to hear their whining about koreans in foreign tournaments . 
  we saw stephano come back from korea because he could n't take it . 
  i actually personally know a warcraft iii progamer who came back from korea because he could not take it . 
  and why is that ? 
  ok then someone can make an us only league where they check if the players parents were born in the us and if not they will not let them compete . 
  undoubtedly this league would be wildly successful and will have a lot of viewers . 
  i wonder why no one has done it yet . 
  sure but obviously the hundred people on reddit who complain about wcs na are not enough to make tournament organizers create a na only league . 
  if you only cheese you will be better at the mechanics needed for cheese ( usually micro ) . 
  simple as that . 
  alternatively the na players are just shit and ca n't even cheese even though that 's all they do . 
  it is obvious to everybody that you can not master the game with only cheese but the reason you will fail is that your cheese will eventually be stopped not because your cheese will be bad . 
  and let me say this again - if pro players on pro teams can not find proper practice even without the ladder they do not deserve sponsorship . 
  nope . 
  we as community should not support players who are not the best so that sponsors can turn their money towards results and not towards well-advertised personalities . 
  blizzard can not fix anything by shielding foreigners from koreans . 
  what they can eventually do is sponsor very small local events to create strong local scenes . 
  naturally the koreans will not visit these events because of the small prize pool and this will give local non-pro players motivation to play and become a pro . 
  blizzard should not just pour money into players with worse results . 
  good thing so many hackers are really dumb ( obviously not all of them ), 
  i am ok with any scene that can not compete to stop existing . 
  in addition i do not think that scenes should be top down ( i.e. 
  we have pros and this is why we play starcraft ) . 
  scenes should be bottom up - many players play the game casually and some people become pro . 
  wcs last year was closer to wcg . 
  i am ok with having olympic style tournaments . 
  i do n't know who decided that we need this `` story '' between mlg , iem , gsl ... 
  btw i did not watch the na wcs competition last year precisely because of the lower level of play .
