  i believe if we could somehow ask all the players it would be like 70/30 in favor of auto-injects . 
  i wonder what motivates this . 
  would be silly to add this exception if it serves no gameplay purpose . 
  no , it certainly was not so bad especially since sc1 was slower and you needed less workers . 
  12 units at a time was not a big problem , i still split units in separate groups because i want to do flanks and split them when i need to . 
  in sc1 i was just forced to do this in advance and i did not mind it that much . 
  telling each worker to mine is very close though . 
  sc is not won on the ability to spam inputs on higher levels because both sides can do it . 
  i call bullshit on the injecting argument !, 
  the majority of things in sc are decisions but there are some things that do suck . 
  marine stutter step and larva injects are prime examples . 
  i disagree with `` almost entirely busywork '' . 
  larva injects are in fact busywork but i promise to give 3 examples of decision making for every example of busywork you give or disprove your busywork example as not so busywork . 
  the way dota clones and cs do it is that they put you on a team . 
  teams naturally equalize the match and you can contribute even if you are a bad player . 
  i think the rts genre failed miserably by totally botching the team games . 
  i blame the sc community for being the largest competitive rts community and also openly hostile to team games . 
  depends on where you went . 
  also rts were big before cs existed . 
  you can make an argument that people only played rts because dota did n't exist but not that they did not play . 
  they ( we ) played a lot . 
  quake is run-shoot-repeat ( does n't even have reload ) . 
  still one of the most complex and hard to get into games . 
  100 games are about 25 hours . 
  i ca n't even learn to recognize the dota heroes and items for that time . 
  why would they ? 
  which game sold more , has larger community and bigger e-sports scene ? 
  yeah , except that the advantage may be minor compared to strategic decisions , tactical decisions and mind games . 
  the ability to take strategic and tactical decisions fast is quite interesting in my opinion . 
  i am against the mechanical aspect of it but i love the part that forces you to make decisions under pressure . 
  i love that sometimes it is better to make the incorrect decision fast than delay the decisions because you are thinking for the perfect one . 
  well i swear i just wrote elsewhere that larva inject is literally the worst thing in sc1 and sc2 ever . 
  however it is something that happens once every 40 ( game ) seconds ( probably like 30 seconds real time ) . 
  i do n't see how you can claim that this is all there is to starcraft . 
  you can offset missing injects with additional hatchery and even go play another race . 
  it is debatable what bores players . 
  over at / r/games people seemed to be bored by mechanics , 
  i know that mechanics are hard and i may even agree with the word impressive but i still have no respect for them . 
  i want to see the battle of minds not the battle of hands . 
  i want to watch chess not football and respect chess players more than football players . 
  sure . 
  the question is why design games that make mechanics more of an advantage than strategy , tactics and mind games ? 
  this is not an assumption this was explicit motivation for the introduction of macro mechanics back in wol alpha . 
  now we can argue that strategy is more important than mechanics but people do push for more importance of mechanics as a differentiating factor . 
  why ? 
  after all people who want mechanics are the newcomers . 
  nobody thought of sc as a mechanical game back in the 90s . 
  hell , even sc2 got more mechanically demanding due to community push towards this . 
  remember the original wol ladder maps ? 
  they were not the forced macro type maps we have today . 
  i 'm just here to express my desire to bring starcraft to its original roots just like people expressed their desire for more `` nice macro game '' and pushed the game in the mechanical direction . 
  now micro is fine . 
  i do n't mind micro at all . 
  i object to mechanical demands . 
  for me stutter stepping and siege tanks micro are completely different skills . 
  i want to move and position siege tanks not to stutter step . 
  you agree that positioning your tanks ( or lurkers ) is micro right ? 
  of course it is . 
  the marines have the skill to move at half speed while shooting you just have to click constantly . 
  if it was not a busywork there would be a button to put the marines in half-speed-shoot mode and you will just attack move in a direction once . 
  so is n't the argument that gamers were hardcore back then and today they are pussies and this is why quake is dead and starcraft is stagnating at best ? 
  yeah you can a-move them . 
  you can also not use stim or not build any additional scvs except the initial once but sometimes you want to win against an opponent that is above bronze and then the game requires you to invest insane amount of apm in making your marines move at half speed and shoot instead of giving you a button to toggle the two modes . 
  same as injects ( auto inject when you want to inject , turn off auto inject when you want to save energy ), 
  sure . 
  i am just waiting for them to come to their senses and put auto-injects back in the game . 
  i know my severely downvoted comments may not be much but they are something . 
  after all the `` nice macro game '' crowd managed to get their mechanical demands implementing by bitching online . 
  who knows maybe i can do it too although my comrades have been chased away from sc by exactly those redesign decisions . 
  well if you head over to / r/games you will see that many people give supreme commander as an example of what rts should be . 
  supreme commander was released about the same time as sc2 and its predecessor total annihilation was released about the same time as sc1 . 
  just think for a moment - what if sc is bastardising rts and these two games are less popular for technical , budget and marketing reasons . 
  as a matter of fact total annihilation practically did n't work on the pc i had back then . 
  who knows if it did maybe i would be playing it instead of starcraft for the past 17 years . 
  maybe the world would too . 
  also note that the accelerated evolution towards important mechanics is not a given . 
  it was done with the explicit push of the starcraft community . 
  it was the hardcore starcraft community ( as opposed to the overall starcraft audience ) that forced blizzard to put macro mechanics back in alpha and it was the same community that demanded larger and larger maps so they could get their `` nice macro game '', 
  this is entirely non-obvious to me . 
  what if scs longevity as opposed to say total annihilation ( which did pretty well in longevity mind you ) is the result of technical , budget and marketing success as opposed to game design ? 
  as a matter of fact i did not play ta back in the day not because i did not like it but because it was super laggy on my pc back then . 
  also many people argue that sc is dying today so even if you are right what are we doing ? 
  buying more time for a dying game ? 
  well i agree with you but your examples with sc are artefacts from the year 1998 . 
  sc had the best interface out of any rts back then and it ca n't be blamed for not implementing these things . 
  in sc2 you do n't have to tell your workers to mine and you can set a rally point on your patrolling units to make the new unit join the patrol ( yeah if the specific unit that had the rally point dies the rallied units will just stop at that location but this is a non-issue since patrol is not used like that in practice due to the nature of how sc is played ), 
  i consider the adventure games of the old to be hardcore compared to the super easy `` click to continue watching the movie '' adventure games of today . 
  sc1 was the biggest but it was not like there were 10 css . 
  age of empires 2 was also big and ra before sc1 . 
  big for the time of course . 
  i do n't know what you were playing but here ( bulgaria ) internet cafes were all about starcraft and quake then cs replaced quake quite fast but sc stayed relatively strong until warcraft iii . 
  and it was actual sc not custom games . 
  well that 's even stronger argument that there may have been non-game design issues that made sc more successful than competitors . 
  btw i am sure ta was played online decade after release probably on third party servers . 
  i do n't see why you attribute this to gameplay mechanics . 
  there can be many more issues that competitors failed at . 
  do you honestly believe grey goo which i had n't even heard about until a month ago had the budget of starcraft ii let alone the name to back it up ? 
  and if sc dies will you claim that it is due to not enough mechanical skill because i can clearly see negative correlation between the amount of mechanics required in the meta and the number of players . 
  again it is totally non-obvious to me that the longevity of sc is due to gameplay mechanics . 
  maybe it is but all other rtss maybe with the exception of age of empires 2 had severe flaws be it interface , online play or system requirements .
