  the class was half-useless for real life but the other half had some serious math . 
  what is nyu and what will be in this class ? 
  definitely so . 
  nothing can be more useless than women studies . 
  basically yes . 
  maybe you can add economics and law but the general sentiment is correct . 
  it seems so . 
  nobody studies women 's studies in third world countries so obviously they do n't feel it is a problem . 
  what did axslav 's version focus on ? 
  oh you will get feedback , 
  yes it is niche of course but the dev tools are far more pleasant and this is important if you are building something for fun . 
  of course i only compare this to other mobile platforms . 
  if you do n't want to build a mobile app as a side project then this method ca n't help you . 
  on the upside windows phone users are much happier when they get a good app than users of android and ios . 
  your userbase is small but the experience is rewarding . 
  and finally it makes sense only if you use a wp device . 
  after all you want to be able to show off your creation . 
  it does but i do n't think going to an university for this is a good idea . 
  game artists i know did not get a degree or got a degree after they were already working in the industry . 
  i would n't advice anyone who wants to make money to start from windows phone but it is a great platform to verify an idea . 
  just make sure to expand to other platforms before others can clone the idea there . 
  who the fuck is tigerlily and how is she relevant to starcraft ? 
  well good for the players i guess . 
  i mean i checked and she is pretty . 
  still i do n't see why we are discussing her in / r/starcraft rather than / r/gonewild or something . 
  i have heard there are services for these types of streams ... 
  i have nothing against fat people but desrow calling someone fat ... 
  i do n't know . 
  cartman is actually smart in his evil way . 
  this is old drama . 
  i do n't care about it anymore . 
  do you know if purelegacy fucked tigerlily or at least can you leak any dickpics ? 
  great . 
  5 years no gm league for 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 but for archon mode - no problem . 
  can someone link to the blizzard announcements ? 
  i saw a couple of threads and an article and i just assumed somebody wrote an analysis that started a discussion and decided to skip . 
  did n't know there was an announcement . 
  in general i agree with you and most of what you wrote is things i have been saying myself . 
  especially the way you rate macro mechanics based on decisions is precisely my opinion . 
  chrono boost is super cool larva inject sucks , mules are relatively ok . 
  however i 'd like to point out that `` exciting '' is subjective . 
  for me execution is almost never `` exciting '' i do n't like to watch or practice marine stutter stepping or marine splitting . 
  i find this extremely boring . 
  i know that it is hard and i am impressed by the level of mastery some people reach in this but i am still not excited . 
  the exciting part of this game for me are the strategy , tactics , mind games and decision making . 
  ideally sc2 would be purely about being better and faster at these with 0 execution . 
  for me execution is non-value adding but of course it is necessary i just want to see it minimized . 
  ideally we will have macro mechanics that are as cool as chrono boost for all 3 races . 
  there is no problem with the idea of macro mechanics , the problem is that injects are stupid and creep spread is stupid too . 
  your post is almost contradictory . 
  do you enjoy injecting and spreading creep or do you enjoy winning based on correct decisions ? 
  because these are entirely different things . 
  so maybe these game designers blizzard is paying sit on their asses and think of some macro mechanic for zerg that is comparable to chrono boost or at the very least to mules since we all agree that the current one is extremely stupid . 
  i do n't know how the tl article addresses the fact that larva injects are just boring and sucks . 
  they point out why you ca n't just make it auto cast and be done with it sure but it is still boring and badly designed mechanic . 
  they should just invent a mechanic that works as well as the mechanic of the other races and fits better with zerg style . 
  i see . 
  of course i do n't think anyone suggest removing macro level decisions like when to make drones and when to make army . 
  they only want to remove mindless things like creep spread or larva inject . 
  so just like i always thought - blizzard and the community teaming up to kill 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 since 2010 . 
  the unique value of typescript not shared by any other x to js transpiler is that it is 0-risk proposition . 
  if you run into a problem with typescript or microsoft stops supporting it or something you just compile it to js and continue working with the output as if you wrote pure js from the start . 
  the output of typescript is usable by humans . 
  even babel is not good at that although in the case of babel your strategy might be to just wait until js catches up and then use your babel code as regular js . 
  that might not seem important for your toy project where you just want to use the coolest tech but if i have to make decisions for a project where money is on the line i 'd love that 0-risk and plan b option that typescript provides . 
  i strongly doubt the last point but i am too lazy to check . 
  some aspects on javascript are hard to fix without losing human readability . 
  for example var and this scoping rules require additional variables . 
  this blogpost is linked in the original link - https://medium.com/@ncannasse/haxe-and-short-lambdas-c1f360f7c7c, 
  quite good argument for typescript against haxe if you ask me . 
  if you are using c # / java/javascript you are already familiar with precisely this syntax ( yeah i know that java uses -  but that 's pretty much the same ) . 
  you do n't care that the ocaml syntax is different . 
  well count me just to break the `` unanimous '' thing . 
  i think it is either boring or frustrating ( depending on your role and the relative skill of the partners ), 
  maybe for haxe vs some other language but we are talking about a transpilers to js here . 
  first of all js already has fat arrow lambdas and second in the js world you do n't think that far in the future . 
  after all the libraries change every month so it will be futile . 
  i would never claim that typescript is a better general purpose language than haxe because that 's ridiculous . 
  however in the context of targeting js similarities are a plus . 
  certainly not the most important thing but a plus nonetheless . 
  in case anyone is wondering this is a parody of the cover of the album never mind the bollocks , here 's the sex pistols ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/never_mind_the_bollocks,_here%27s_the_sex_pistols ) probably the most famous punk album ever . 
  while i agree that anyone can learn programming there is definitely a line where learning programming would take so long that the person will be better if he invested his time in something else . 
  yeah what kind of dev would n't want to write the same logic twice for no benefit ? 
  better have integration tests and write it twice and then make every change twice . 
  apple and ms have agreement on mobile patents and things like that . 
  i will be very surprised if ms did not handle the legal side of this move . 
  they are not google or samsung copying now worrying later . 
  i enjoy mech more . 
  it is more strategic and positional . 
  bio is based on mechanics which i find very boring . 
  this worked for generics since forever but i just realized it can be used for casting . 
  i do n't care . 
  if this game can not live without absurd bullshit like larva inject i am ok with seeing it die and waiting 7-8 years for starcraft 3, 
  i just hope the final release will have automated tournaments for team games . 
  in 7 years i intend to play with my daughter in my team ( and no , we will not play bullshit team melee no matter how they rebrand it we will play proper 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 ), 
  larva inject is basically pressing a button every 25 seconds ( or whatever the timing was ) in order to keep up . 
  no decision involved just requires your speed . 
  i know it is hard but i have 0 interest in mastering that skill and 0 respect for people that have mastered it . 
  this is why it is bullshit to me . 
  note that i love chrono boost .
