  basically i do n't want a console i want the things a console has . 
  because in theory xbox can block used games which can facilitate steam like discounts , sales , etc. 
  the console model alone can not do that or it would have done it . 
  oh and i do buy most of my games on steam and play them on pc . 
  too bad some things like kinect games , mortal kombat and halo are not available on pc . 
  if they were i would n't have a console at all . 
  for many games it is the only purchasing option . 
  for example all valve games . 
  of course you can buy boxes but it is all the same ... you still need to activate them on steam . 
  in fact i ca n't remember the last non-blizzard game i bought that did not require steam . 
  please quote a kickstarter game that rivals an aaa game budget . 
  also i do n't know a single indie game that rivals the quality of aaa games and the average quality of indie games is terrible . 
  also the idea that graphics should be bad on purpose is disgusting . 
  i played games in the early 90s and they had bad graphics not because it was good to have bad graphics but because computers could n't do more . 
  once they could graphics became better because it is better to have better graphics . 
  it can be a benefit if the business models enabled by the ability to block used games prove to be more optimal . 
  yes but if you do buy them you ca n't resell them which was the point . 
  the lack of used games is one of the things that enables rapid discounts and sales on steam . 
  maybe the control on used games will enable similar business model on xbone . 
  maybe it wo n't but there is no way to know unless we check . 
  all we know is that the current console model does not allow it . 
  i think this time their ip wo n't save them . 
  on the other hand microsoft has ip as well . 
  maybe halo can sell enough xbones in the long run and ensure that games from all publishers come to xbone . 
  if i was convinced that this would be the case i would preorder xbone ( as stated above i do n't care about used games or always on and i practically buy the console for the kinect so the fact that it is bundled makes me happy ), 
  did any kickstarter game actually ship ? 
  i am a backer of double fine 's adventure when the whole craze started but it is not released yet so i am not sure about the quality and it had a budget bigger than any other kickstarter game since then . 
  it is also in a genre that does not require ridiculous budget . 
  if it was a shooter i would never invest money in it . 
  so you know their quality before they shipped ? 
  btw i may be a backer but i do n't have very high hopes for broken age . 
  making a good game requires time and highly qualified people . 
  both of these cost money and the budgets on kickstarter are nowhere near the required money for a high profile game like starcraft or halo . 
  the non-kickstarter funded indie games are in even worse situation . 
  i am pretty sure statistics say otherwise . 
  something like 30 % of ps3 owners own an xbox if the memory serves me correctly . 
  well lets hope this kickstarter thing becomes big . 
  i will be very happy . 
  however i do n't see why those games should get different treatment from the platform owner than publisher funded games . 
  indies should go through the required process pay the required fee no matter if it is a 1 man developer or call of duty . 
  1 man developer ca n't handle the process ? 
  then i do n't care about his game . 
  developers do n't pay publisher fees . 
  publishers pay developers to make a game , then the publisher owns the game and sells it as they see fit . 
  the console platforms have a fee because they do some quality testing , provide some infrastructure and sometimes sell the hardware at a loss . 
  in addition they probably use the fee as kind of quality control . 
  if you ca n't afford the fee you ca n't make a good game so you are out . 
  of course an indie game can in theory get enough funding to be an aaa title but this has never happened and until the budgets of indie games are comparable to aaa games i do n't care about them . 
  i hope you are right and i am wrong because i really want that next gen kinect but i do n't want to be one of the three people buying it . 
  well if you only buy xbone games that cost less than a happy meal you would be in the same position with xbone , 
  well lets hope you are correct and kickstarter funding really reaches ea budget proportions . 
  so how is it different for xbox titles ? 
  seems like you can buy it used . 
  if used games were blocked there is some chance that prices could go down for console titles as well . 
  if they do n't see the need this means they will make more profit if they do n't . 
  in this case it means that cod is actually worth more than what gamers are paying for it and it is perfectly fine for the market to balance itself by turning more profits for cod . 
  this is why i want xbone to succeed because otherwise no one will ever dare to change the status quo of console gaming . 
  however you cant succeed in the long run if practically no one buys your console at launch . 
  and this is fine but remember when your friends that care about other things you should recommend xbone . 
  not because of ms but because of your friends . 
  so when did they move these 70 millions ? 
  it is not the majority but it is far from `` rarely '' . 
  30 % is quite meaningful part of the market and companies are likely to take care for such a significant group . 
  sad to see people in it point to the web browser plugin to attack java which is probably the best runtime environment out there ( and i say this as a . net developer ) . 
  i wish that oracle would discontinue this piece of java because no one uses it anyway and it is a source of bad p.r. 
  on the other hand the same people who claim that there is something wrong with java security in general based on the java web browser plugin will probably claim that java should not be used because it is discontinued once the web plugin is dropped . 
  i guess the solution was not developed in the past 6-7 years ? 
  link please, 
  can you give more information about this thing that you ca n't be demoted ? 
  where did you read it ? 
  your win rate should float around 50 % no matter what level you play on . 
  if you get large streaks of wins and loses ( i.e. 
  more than 10 ) you are just inconsistent . 
  of course your placement in the division will be affected by this . 
  for example i was masters last season ( placed at the start and did not play for a month ) and i am fighting severely to get back in masters which seems to be harder than any other time i had to do so ( i 've been in diamond like 4 times and always managed to climb back for a short time ) . 
  it seems like people who occupy the top positions in diamond ( i.e. 
  people i play against ) were masters the previous season as well . 
  btw you can check the player 's last season league in their profile to see if you are playing against low-ranked masters player . 
  top 2 % but i guess it lets top 2 % of active players get in but ca n't demote inactive players who are not in the top 2 % anymore before the next season starts so the total number is above 2 %, 
  great . 
  thanks, 
  i 've done it 4 times now ( not counting initial season for wol and hots only demotions and lower placement on the next season ) . 
  always managed to climb back to masters somehow but this time it seems harder than ever . 
  i am perfectly sure the stats on this website are severely tilted for diamond . 
  the ladder algorithm ca n't be that broken . 
  they talk about webgl from language/performance perspective . 
  ms said they found security issues with webgl ( namely dos attacks ) . 
  it does n't mean anything about ms doing webgl . 
  on the other hand there is strong evidence that there will be some sort of webgl in the next update of windows 8 . 
  however webgl fans should not hold their breaths as it is possible that webgl will only be enabled for metro apps and not for websites . 
  thanks but it does n't say the rankings were inflated as the comment above states . 
  if anything it states the opposite for the first season ( people are placed conservatively ), 
  when you get promoted back to masters can you come back and post at what stats and points you got the promotion . 
  how many points did you have this season before you got promoted ( i.e. 
  as diamond ) ? 
  i am not factoring any depression . 
  i feel like it is harder . 
  i do n't even feel like i play badly or anything ... 
  hmmm i 'm above 300 now . 
  i realize it is not about the points but still ... did you play ( and beat ) many masters players before you got promoted ?
