  the idea that a competitive game needs mechanical skill falls flat when we look at games like lol . 
  after trying like 5 tutorials in the past i have given up on git completely . 
  will just use it like svn when i must . 
  what ? 
  should i post the video sc2 vs lol ? 
  i 'm not trolling i seriously am too stupid for git . 
  it is not normal to spend more time doing update/merge/commit than writing the actual feature . 
  i do n't see why . 
  generators are not some magic that comes from the gods . 
  somebody wrote the code for them to work and there is no reason that it ca n't be done in the typescript compiler . 
  after all anders ( hallowed be his name ! ), 
  already did it in c # . 
  that 's what generators do anyway . 
  google have yet to prove their value to the typescript ecosystem . 
  angular 2 may not be a success . 
  for now it 's just microsoft . 
  the chrome team is experimenting with a subset of typescript directly supported in the browser - https://developers.google.com/v8/experiments?hl=en, 
  this joke is not funny . 
  the pros of my childhood retired by 2004 :(, 
  grrrr ... , maynard , pillars and the greatest - ntt, 
  we need a picture or something to visualize this . 
  sc is the best rts anyway, 
  i like lotv more than hots ( but less than early wol ) but invincible nydus is truly baffling . 
  frankly it does n't matter that much . 
  there are just a couple of maps that have this kind of cliffs . 
  i suspect i will not be able to quit git even if i wanted to . 
  i have just given up trying to become proficient in it . 
  of course when i have the choice i will setup private projects with non-git but most often it is not up to me and all open source projects are on github anyway . 
  it makes early aggression against protoss hard but i can see why they did it . 
  protoss is quite weak against zerg anyway i just ca n't imagine how hard it would be without pylon overcharge . 
  of course i agree that it is bad design but at least there is reason behind this madness . 
  the invincible nydus is just absurd though . 
  if they wanted more nydus usage they should have gone for a compromise like say bonus armor for incoming niduses . 
  i do the campaign ones and i am after the dark voice portrait ( through regular gameplay on masters/diamond level ) but i just ca n't fathom people grinding games against the ai ... 
  `` programming motherfucker ! '', 
  i was under the impression that most large game devs use visual studio even if they do not target dx . 
  is n't this the case ? 
  i was just in an argument with a friend java dev claiming that intellisense is far better than idea 's autocomplete . 
  java ides annoy me a lot when i want to pick a different overload by deleting one argument and pressing comma to get hints about the arguments . 
  turns out you can do that if you press ctrl + shift + space . 
  wtf ? 
  why do i have to press something at all . 
  if your features are not discoverable i do n't care how many features you have . 
  i understand why c # 's delegates are not the same as first class functions . 
  the most obvious example, 
  var test = ( ) =  console.writeline ( `` test '' ) ;, 
  however i have a hard time recalling a real world example where this was a problem . 
  delegates seem to be good enough . 
  did n't happen to me ( windows 10 ), 
  is n't that using git like svn ? 
  i let air units be and mind control them with the special towers . 
  after some time i have like 30 mutas and 10 brood lords which really mess up kerrigan 's ai, 
  they removed the ffa achievement and made it a feat of strength . 
  some guy was complaining that it invalidated his hard work to get it . 
  my favorite is [ flash 's impressions on dota2 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/w8qqt6i.jpg ) . 
  there is a lol version too i think, 
  is it possible that you installed additional components during the update that were n't installed before ? 
  i am sure they are good at giving feedback but they are not nearly on the same level of contribution . 
  now of course if angular 2 gets half as big as angular 1 then that would be a tremendous boost for typescript . 
  certainly the greatest flash meme ever . 
  i did link the dota2 version several hours ago . 
  yeah . 
  in addition the unit that takes more skill being the terran unit is nothing new , 
  as a random player i have stats to prove that zerg is easier ~ 680 wins as terran ~ 980 as zerg while playing exclusively random on masters/diamond level . 
  the ratio has been mostly the same since wol, 
  they are but they do n't count towards achievement percentages . 
  therefore you can technically have 100 % achievements without having feats of strength ones . 
  it makes sense to have ones you ca n't get anymore there because otherwise they are just troll for people who want to get them later . 
  they are kind of `` i was there at the time '' category . 
  almost 10 years in development and honestly i never ever wanted to do any of these . 
  now feature branches have their uses and i have used them even with svn but commit code offline ... uhm ... no . 
  let alone that i do n't think i have been offline for more than a day in this millennium . 
  unless terran is harder why would that be the case ? 
  also i am at about 800 wins with protoss but my zerg and protoss were equal in the first half of wol . 
  it was not until maps got super large that my protoss fell behind . 
  come on !, 
  you ca n't a-move a widow mine . 
  i want to commit offline but more than that i do n't want to commit with two commands . 
  is n't that proof that git is overly complex ? 
  i never in my life used a command line svn or tfs and nobody told me that i should learn the command line first . 
  does the price seem nice ? 
  it looks expensive to me . 
  now i personally am such a fan of starcraft that i would buy it at any price ( i own all the collector 's editions , and another account with standard edition , etc. ), 
  but i am a bit worried how many others would . 
  but with wol/hots/lotv you get more than the campaign . 
  somebody did a calculation . 
  this dlc is more expensive per mission than any of the 3 games and with them you get more than missions . 
  i do n't know what makes anyone think it 's cheap . 
  well that 's great then . 
  i give some of these money on purpose because i want more investment in starcraft . 
  if they can pull it off i am more than happy for them ( and us ) . 
  in case it was not obvious i was not angry by the price i was worried . 
  2 vs 2 tournaments, 
  / me sheds a tear of joy, 
  i thought they were actively trying to kill 2 vs 2 by only giving features and promotion to archon mode, 
  i think in this case time has proven the idea sucks . 
   i certainly do n't have php though, 
  i do n't have php either !, 
  very happy about it . 
  php is more crap than the msft ecosystem is crap .
