  for example did the publisher say `` the touch ui should suck on every possible platform '' ? 
  i thought removing features with updates was patented by sony , 
  i claim that the issue with mmo is due to the number of players not of any potential computation of ai . 
  what is more the idea of the cloud is that it is infinite . 
  if 1 second lag does not matter ( like with ai ) then it is entirely feasible that the computation can be done on the server no matter how complex the computation is . 
  they just spin up more servers . 
  this is the difference between cloud and dedicated server after all . 
  but they also announced that their $ 60 games would not block used games sales so it makes sense for them to be as expensive as before . 
  microsoft realized it 10 years earlier . 
  on the other hand it seems like they started the whole bullshit . 
  it 's pretty obvious why one at a time . 
  it simulates exchanging discs in the real life . 
  only one person can have the disc . 
  yeah we definitely should trust anonymous posts on pastebin and not ms officials . 
  random anonymous posts are obviously trustworthy and we while ms officials are outright lying even though they use their real names . 
  but take every rumor posted anonymously on pastebin as pure truth , 
  because those employees stand with their names and their positions in the company . 
  if anything they say turns out to be fake their reputation and their employer reputation would suffer . 
  an anonymous pastebin guy can say whatever he wants with no consequences, 
  so can you quote an outright lie by microsoft ? 
  i can recall a lot of p.r. 
  bullshit but not a single case where a company official outright lied about something . 
  why not ? 
  the very fact that the physical item is out of the equation is a win . 
  it 's not possible to flip a switch is probably true . 
  now some devs work overtime to remove the features . 
  so is n't it possible to deactivate kinect . 
  they said that you will be able to do so in the options , right ? 
  so basically you are interpreting their words in some way that will make them liars . 
  well ok ... if this makes you happy . 
  still far better than physical items . 
  i still will take digital over physical any day . 
  i 've lost too many discs through the years . 
  so they spy on you through head requests ? 
  another big fan - me . 
  30 years old hardcore competitive starcraft gamer ( going to tournaments and all ) who never owned a console and bought one as soon as kinect was released . 
  kinect is magic . 
  i even dance gangnam style on dance central . 
  my gamedev friends tell me that this power is not that easy to utilize . 
  while the next gen consoles do have more power than high-end gaming pc using that power is harder than you think because to achieve impressive visuals you need a lot of high res , high quality content for which you need a lot of good artists . 
  very few companies can afford the artists and the budgets needed to create the textures and models that will push these systems to the limit . 
  it is entirely possible that we will see less console games ported to pc until the pc has the power needed to match the consoles . 
  no they are not . 
  first of all i do n't know anyone who owns a machine with more than 8gbs of ram and uses it for gaming and you certainly ca n't buy this hardware for $ 400 / $ 300 for pc . 
  second this does n't matter . 
  console games look many times better on the same hardware because, 
  1 ) they optimize for specific hardware that is set in stone, 
  2 ) they get low level access to the hardware which is impossible on the pc because the os must protect other software running on the same hardware and ensure that if a game crashes it wo n't crash the whole machine which is not a requirement for console games . 
  and btw i am a pc gamer and will continue to be ( though i bought an xbox360 when kinect was released because kinect is so cool ), 
  the optimizations on the pc are not possible for two reasons, 
  1 ) not one unified hardware, 
  2 ) the pc operating system can not grant low level access to any application because it must ensure that if an application crashes it wo n't crash the whole system . 
  in addition the pc which matches next gen consoles is at least 2 times more expensive than next gen consoles and not enough people own it ... yet . 
  well gamedev friends say otherwise and even the video here demonstrates the unified memory architecture which the pcs do n't have and the games can benefit from . 
  btw i would like to see the pc with 512mb ram that can run games with the graphics quality of halo 4 because current gen consoles can do it . 
  kinect is available for pc , games ( and even some of the interesting software ) are only available for 360, 
  high end gaming pcs cost around $ 1000 ( without the monitor ) . 
  above that you have enthusiast market . 
  normal gamers do n't buy a couple of $ 1000 video cards for sli . 
  still ea wo n't be porting their sports games engine to pc . 
  i wonder why , 
  go tell that to ea who wo n't be porting their new engine to the pc . 
  so remind me again why ea wo n't be porting their new sports games engine to the pc ? 
  i do n't pretend to know a lot about consoles but i know people who do . 
  like people who 've released console games and aaa titles . 
  it is obvious that if a good pc costs $ 1000 - $ 2000 then companies wo n't port to pc because of small market . 
  ea not porting their new engine to pcs is proof of that . 
  in addition i clearly remember when the current gen was released the games either did not come to pc or were obviously worse on a pc that cost twice the money . 
  with time this changed but i expect a at least an year , probably two before this happens . 
  i do n't know what part of my posts you looked at but i am in fact a software developer with significant experience . 
  my experience is nowhere near the game development though so i freely admit that i ca n't be sure where consoles draw their power from and i rely on other people 's information . 
  makes sense . 
  last time they implemented features before the standard was stable they ended up with ie6, 
  what 's new with this `` ie11 now has a nice gantt chart-like view on where time is spent in downloading a web page '', 
  they have it since ie9, 
  obviously pcs do have more general purpose processing power but for real time graphics the games itself show that consoles deliver better graphics in the first couple of years of the generation . 
  it is obvious that a piece of equipment made specifically for one purpose can be more optimal for that purpose than a general purpose piece of equipment especially if it is modular . 
  i do n't see why this is not obvious especially if we add the abstraction layer called operating system . 
  pixar does not render real time graphics and they use specialized hardware . 
  you think they just go and buy a gaming graphics card and use it for rendering 3d movies ? 
  also ea will release fifa for pc they just wo n't use the new engine . 
  the console oss allow access to the hardware on a much lower level which is in practice equivalent to a driver . 
  for obvious reasons windows can not allow every game to install its own drivers because a game crash will result in the whole os crashing . 
  my impressions on games graphics are based on the graphics quality of games on xbox 360 and ps3 when the consoles were released . 
  they beat a pc that cost 3 times more . 
  of course i know that there are $ 3000 pcs that can beat the consoles at the start of the console cycles but this is irrelevant since no company will port their games for such an expensive pc . 
  i do n't really care if you believe i am a developer . 
  as i said my experience is very far from both the hardware and game development ( i 've worked mainly on enterprise web projects backends and most recently mobile board-style games like nine men 's morris ) . 
  i do n't claim my development experience gives me any knowledge about consoles and serious game development . 
  i just assumed you might have looked at my posts in / r/programming where i usually know what i am talking about . 
  interestingly i did play halo 2 on vista in 2012 before wiping out my last vista machine ( 5 years old installation ) and replacing it with windows 8 . 
  i may be wrong but the same issue exists in c # ( and maybe many more languages ) . 
  interestingly resharper warns about it, 
  but this is the same of js engines is n't it ? 
  the article suggests that it is easy to implement more clever way to implement closures but i do n't really see how this can be achieved without sacrificing performance . 
  i see . 
  thanks it makes more sense now . 
  frankly i am much more impressed by the math stuff than the other things . 
  in my life i 've been well trained ( not that i wanted to but i was drafted in the army ) , i was probably higher level than her in starcraft ( though i 've never been a pro but lets not fool ourselves she would not be a pro if she was not female ) but i never got that good at math even though i tried . 
  you 'll be surprised  on the other hand chances are that people who go for phd in math are smart .
