  sc could be this if team games got any respect at tournaments and from he community . 
  btw i had the good intention of tryig lol but i 've been told that i need to level up for several weeks . 
  i swear i will never play a game where i need to level up to get the same hero stats as the competition . 
  hell i would even buy experience but i 've been told that they do n't even sell it despite the fact that their business model revolves around microtransactions . 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  yes !, 
  bring back the beta maps . 
  and add air maps !, 
  how is that ? 
  koreans only and the others do n't even get to play against them because of kespa ? 
  blizzard leeches off tournaments ? 
  i like your optimistic view on the matter . 
  i think blizzard are still donating to tournaments . 
  so what if 2 vs 2 is imbalanced ? 
  i am perfectly sure many combinations of champs in lol are imbalanced . 
  as far as i understood in lol you need to have certain level to unlock certain aspects of the game like skills , champs , etc. 
  is it so ? 
  i want to be matched against players with my skill level not with players that have access to the same tech . 
  this would be like `` only masters players get the mothership but do n't worry you wo n't be matched against them '', 
  you need permission from blizzard to run a tournament with over $ 5k prize pool but this does not mean that they are taking money for this . 
  it means they can take money if they want to and they certainly will if tournaments start making that much money but i doubt they currently do . 
  this rule ( and the form ) has been there since launch but i bet blizzard actually gave money to gom instead of taking from them in the first months . 
  it is interesting what the current situation is . 
  do you get all game aspects ( access to champions , items , skills ) in lvl 1 . 
  i do n't have problems being matched against people with my skill level . 
  i have a problem when i am restricted from accessing certain parts of the game because i have not played enough . 
  i completely understand the fact that champs are bought with real money . 
  i do n't mind it ( after all i paid for starcraft ii ) . 
  the problem is that unlike sc lol wo n't let me skip the 50 matches with rocks ( or at least this is what i got from the explaination about runes ), 
  i do n't have any idea what the dota 2 system is . 
  i tried to play dota at when it appeared but the matches then were 1 hour long and the learning curve was a disaster so i never had the patience to play more than 10 games . 
  i hope dota 2 is easier to learn . 
  i happen to know that organizing lol event is not easy . 
  some friends tried to organize a tournament with the official tournament servers ( or whatever it is called in lol ) and were denied because apparently the game is not launched officially in our country whatever that means , 
  so it is runes i 've been told about . 
  i was honestly going to try lol despite not liking dota style games but i was told about this leveling thing and this annoys me to no end . 
  i will simply not play a game that is supposed to be competitive but requires me to play certain amount of games to get all the advantages . 
  i will play with someone during those 50 matces would n't i ? 
  btw it seems the thing i 've been told about is `` runes '' ( see attacus ' comment ), 
  the average user does not feel censored . 
  he feels protected . 
  is that so ? 
  i feel that ios provides more and better software than the open android . 
  obviously i have n't seen the wonders of the non-censored software . 
  that may be so but with so many great games out there i will take my chances with another game . 
  also i do n't really have roblems with playing a game consistently for a long time . 
  i 've been playing starcraft for 14 years and i would be playing quake for 10 + years if i had the time to play two games on that level . 
  i was interested in lol because it is obviously so huge competitive game that i wanted to know what it is about . 
  can you quote any source on the number of apps ? 
  last report i read like an year ago had ios on 700k and android on 450k or something along those lines . 
  sadly i do n't have an ios device here and searching the app store from the web is such a joke but i somehow doubt programming related apps like a scheme interpreter will be banned from ios . 
  also i do n't agree that the top quality apps are the same on both platforms . 
  1 ) facebook developed a native app for ios before they did it for android . 
  android app is in the works but they treat android users as second class . 
  instagram did the same . 
  these are highly popular apps for the masses . 
  2 ) i did research for a specific kind of app that i plan to develop ( starcraft related ) and found that android had a lot of low quality apps while ios had some very impressive . 
  i realize this is just a niche app but it is the only one i have researched in detail . 
  for the record wp ( i 'm a wp user ) has the same low quality apps as android but there are only like 5 where android has 25 . 
  somehow i do n't see this as an advantage for android , 
  3 ) my favourite mobile game on any platform is armed ( http://www.armedgame.com/ ) . 
  right now it is wp/win8 exclusive but there is an ios beta and it will be released soon . 
  devs say android port is off the table . 
  other impressive and important games that are on ios but not on android are rage and street fighter 4 ( it has an android port but it only works on a specific lg phone or someting ) . 
  android users like to show shadowgun which has remarkable graphics for a mobile game but is totally unplayable . 
  i do n't even consider it a game , for me it is a tech demo . 
  my girlfriend tried to play it on her galaxy nexus just to prove me wrong but gave up on the third day . 
  i 've also developed a visual brainfuck interpreter for wp to get started with app development and checked what other devs have done . 
  while the language is a joke this is not excuse for the apps to be a joke . 
  android 's apps were pretty bad and i dare say that wp has at least 2 brainfuck interpreters better than what android has . 
  sadly i did not check ios, 
  this wide range of apps ( from facebook , through games , through niche apps , to completely useless bf interpreter ) leads me to believe that android has far lower app quality than ios . 
  as does wow . 
  some people just like to level up , 
  i do n't know how important they are . 
  all i care is that i can not use a part of the game unless i level up . 
  i went out of my way just to think about playing it . 
  its not like i have too much free time . 
  i almost convinced myself to do it and they broke everything with this leveling . 
  it is entirely possible but i 've passed many good games through the years due to the lack of time so it is also possible that lol will be replaced by something else by then . 
  it is really interesting to see if it will stick for long as a competitive game . 
  i fully understand ... still i hate it . 
  i stopped playing team fortress 2 the moment they announced the unlockable weapons ( i did n't even wait for them to ship the patch ) . 
  i prefer paying with my money because at this point and for the said amount of money my time is much more valueable . 
  i 've already said this like 10 times in the previous topic but blizzard and the community need to shift some of the attention towards team games . 
  there should be 2 vs 2 tournaments with high production value and prices . 
  we need some 2 vs 2 community heroes . 
  casual players love team games . 
  all popular games these days are team games . 
  i do n't care if it is balanced , i do n't care if you think it is noobish we need to put the spotlight on team games . 
  you ca n't have different games if every fucking map is the same . 
  bring back beta maps . 
  i do n't care if they are balanced , at least they were different and fun . 
  also team games !, 
  the fact that you play in a team is a major driving point for lol . 
  2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 should be the flagship when `` selling '' sc2 to new players not mkps 300apm . 
  next time i hear someone complain that 2 vs 2 being imbalanced , noobish or whatever i am going to judge if he can beat me and if he ca n't i 'm going to hit him . 
  violence solves all problems if you use enough . 
  it is worth pointing out that the community did not even try to evolve the metagame or try to design smaller maps , air maps , funky maps that are balanced .
