  as long as your chain is based on some previous chain you get to add that to your name . 
  for some reason people do n't realize this and think you need bw 's ridiculously stupid pathfinding to have units that do not cluster . 
  it is not only about typing pp . 
  you should give some indication how long the opponent will have to wait . 
  hmmm that 's interesting . 
  maybe some collision is allowed like with the air units ? 
  why would you need units that literally go in the opposite direction to have armies that do not cluster up ? 
  fun fact : software patents are only a thing in the us . 
  you call that rts heaven ? 
  obviously you do n't remember the late 90s, 
  on their facebook page they promise they wo n't compromise the pc version but they do say that the game will be slower than starcraft . 
  seems like the closest thing is company of heroes . 
  i loved coh1 . 
  the only rts ever that made me feel it had more potential than sc and they decided not to try to compete in the competitive space . 
  for the uninitiated what is so bad about dow3 ? 
  company of heroes had great gameplay . 
  i really do n't think microsoft would allow something called aoe4 to not have base building or really be too far away from what aoe has been about . 
  they have done like nothing so far . 
  there is n't even a screenshot from this game . 
  i really hope warcraft iv never happens . 
  wow ruined the continuity for me . 
  i 'd prefer if they jump directly to starcraft iii or better yet do a * craft game in its own setting . 
  preferably dark steampunk . 
  i wonder what that game with airships they scrapped was . 
  you young people have it so easy . 
  4 units !, 
  in dune 2 we selected 1 unit at a time !, 
  sure but blaming them for making a console version in advance is a bit harsh especially when they had acknowledged the risks . 
  i 'd only write them off if they announced cross-platform play which i have not seen yet . 
  as a matter of fact gates being a technical advisor is a move to help legitimize nadella rather than anything to benefit gates . 
  i am sure gates could become the ceo of microsoft next year if he really wanted to . 
  debatable . 
  from business point of view closed platform makes sense when you are the market leader and open platform make sense when you do catching up . 
  the move to open source . net was obviously done under ballmer unless you think everything becoming open source and getting linux builds happened in 2 months . 
   imho his biggest mistake was being too late for mobile revolution , screwing up windows ce , almost missing cloud . 
  blaming ballmer for missing the mobile revolution is not fair considering that basically everyone but apple and google missed the mobile revolution . 
  hell , nokia and blackberry missed the mobile revolution !, 
  if you do not have cross-platform play you can effectively have two different games with the same art , engine , story , campaign , marketing and everything else except competitive gameplay . 
  also in chess all you can do is pick and move but nobody calls chess dumbed down game . 
  they explicitly said they do not want to be as fast as starcraft and coh is their biggest inspiration . 
  this `` closer to mixins '' is called trait . 
  null and its meanings are not changed . 
  warnings are errors . 
  however there will be a project level compiler flag to disable this for legacy reasons . 
  marking non-nullability with !, 
  makes the feature unusable . 
  either have non-nullability with the simplest syntax or do not add this feature at all . 
  warnings are logically errors . 
  technically they are a subset of errors that still allows the program to compile, 
  how do you know what is provably an error though ? 
  for example c # chooses to treat division by 0 at compile time as an error but you may want to produce dividebyzeroexception and thus it may not be an error . 
  on the other hand we can say that unreachable code is surely an error ( yeah i know some trivia where unreachable code changes the behavior of the program but lets pretend it does not exist ) but it is still a warning . 
  as i see it warnings are errors which might occur during development experimentation . 
  say you added an exception on top of your method which makes the rest of the code unreachable . 
  it is best if the compiler lets you run the program but it is still an error to let that code stay in the project . 
  starcraft 1 is somewhere between starcraft 2 normal and hard, 
   not at all . 
  i know a lot of people who deliberately return early in a method to temporarily disable code . 
  ad-hoc debugging purposes . 
  this is error that you deliberately introduce for temporary development convenience . 
  they did not sign the agreement therefore they are not part of the agreement . 
  i do n't understand why this concept is so hard to understand . 
  if everyone who signed the agreement agrees to invalidate it then fine but blockstream 's attitude can not break an agreement they were not part of . 
  in my opinion if the party that signed the agreement do not follow through they are not trustworthy and i would not base any decisions on anything they say from then on . 
  i disagree that the game has difficult learning curve . 
  the game is easy to learn but hard to master ( for example i consider dota 2 hard to learn hard to master ), 
  also option to remove the damage numbers . 
  if they do it on a per weapon basis it would be great . 
  i find the infinite 7s of the lightening guns very distracting . 
  if they rethink things there should be another agreement from all the people who signed the first one to replace the old one . 
  i have played a total of 10 games of dota in the dota 1 days . 
  it is insanely hard to learn . 
  and by `` hard to learn '' i mean that there is infinite number of heroes , with 4-5 skills each ( which makes like 4 times infinity ) and hundreds of items which are built by combining other items . 
  learning - knowing how to use the ui and what the units and skills do . 
  improving above that is mastering . 
  good one !, 
  first of all there is a difference between not knowing stats and not knowing what a skill does no matter the stats . 
  for the record roach - 16 damage + 2 per upgrade zergling - roach engagements follow pretty much the same logic as zergling - zealot engagement +1 attack makes it so zergling dies with 2 strikes . 
  things like the optimal saturation per strategy are exactly what mastering is . 
  as a matter of fact if you ask about this damage/armor changes dota would still be harder to learn . 
  not spending 1 dime on anything involving skins anymore until there is disable skins option . 
  i do n't want to see opponent skins not mine . 
  as a matter of fact i bought the war chest and the collectors editions of the games which contain skins . 
  also note that you can buy stuff to support something ( the game , e-sports , some caster ) even if you do not use the item . 
  ok . you specifically can get you refund from me . 
  they can get their money from blizzard , i will only cover your refund , 
  the funny thing is that it works as both , 
  the disagreement has been resolved by the fork . 
  the fees are what the segwit side gets . 
  how has it failed ? 
  the lightning network does not currently exist . 
  it has not failed . 
  it works for sending money over the internet relatively quickly and cheaply . 
  yes any decent crypto does that  `` decent '' is a word that is usually associated with `` not failed '', 
  you sell them by going to an exchange for example this one - https://www.kraken.com/, 
  by forking without technical issues , by being able to send value over the internet fast and cheap and by being the third cryptocurrency in market cap and by gradually gaining support from exchanges and services . 
  the high fees and slow confirmation time are problems today . 
  we probably do not agree on the point if that is acceptable . 
  i do n't know . 
  i have to assume more people use it compared to btc with these confirmation times and fees .
