  so what ? 
  the fact that you can ask interesting and high quality questions means puts you in front your peers . 
  also we are comparing people who visit so to people who visit so because these are jobs ads on so . 
  of course there are outliers in the reputation metric in both directions but if we just want to see how the quality of job ad clicks changes reputation should be good enough . 
  you think east germany was a bad economy ? 
  come on !, 
  now the us can certainly afford free healthcare but why is a healthcare paid with taxes considered a good thing ? 
  why is it good that someone else decides and uses force to make me take part in what is essentially a giant insurance scheme ? 
  what if i do n't want to ? 
  what if i want to use something that is more effective ( even if only i think it is more effective ) ? 
  these types of accounts are statistically insignificant . 
  go look at the top 1000 users of so by reputation and show me one who is not a great developer . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  when i check users with high reputation ( say above 50k ) they are always serious devs which ask and answer serious questions . 
  i do n't know how you can get above 10k reputation off of simple questions to begin with . 
  and the green party 's main issue ? 
  telling you what to do with your land , what crops to grow , what car to drive , what products to buy . 
  how does this fit with libertarians ? 
  usually you get it by being on the site long enough . 
  while there are people who got to 10k off of questions like the one you described this happened in the first year or two . 
  since then reputation does not come that easy . 
  maybe if you are using cutting edge tech ( a colleague of mine answers and asks angular 2 questions ) you can get some rep but then again if you are interested in cutting edge tech you are probably above average dev . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i do n't see anything wrong with being what you describe but obviously you do because you insist on being sarcastic . 
  on the other hand you can be a successful doctor who served as a flight surgeon in the army and then had a successful practice in obstetrics and gynecology and was a congressman for a decade and hold similar views . 
  questions like the --  operator are rarity and this is why we 've all heard of them . 
  in addition these questions tend to explode so they usually hit the daily limit of reputation ( 200 ) and do not generate as much reputation as it seems at first glance . 
  i know these questions exists but go sample high rep users and tell me how many of them do not deserve their reputation . 
  above 50k ( and there are many people above 50k ) everyone is pretty much an instant hire . 
  note that i am suggesting to judge the improvements of job ads by clickthrough of high reputation users not that a so 's reputation is some perfect measure of skill . 
  for this purpose the metric is as good as it gets . 
  after all even actual real-world pay is not a great measure for developer 's skill so i think we can do with rep here . 
  but if you retire at 45 then you can surely rebuild , 
  i am pretty sure that what i need matter for society because i am part of the society . 
  as a matter of fact what i need matters exactly as much as the need of someone who needs public healthcare . 
  as it happens in europe the opinion of people like me is ignored and in the us ( prior to obamacare at least ) the opinion of the people who want public healthcare is ignored . 
  it is the same thing . 
  my question was about the objective arguments ( rational and/or moral ) for public healthcare that are supposed to convince people that public healthcare is better than lack of public healthcare because this is what you suggest the us and canada should do . 
  for example my argument for the lack of public healthcare is that it is immoral to use force to make others pay for someone else 's healthcare and also i prefer to live in a less healthy but more free society so i 'd rather not give up this freedom even though i agree that we are giving up some freedoms for different benefits . 
  i just do n't find this one ( and many others ) worthy trade off . 
  the only economies doing better than east germany were western european countries the us , canada the asian tigers and maybe australia . 
  all the rest of the world was doing worse ( exception maybe for oil rich countries but that 's completely different thing ) . 
  you think china , india , the whole of africa and south and central america were doing better ? 
  east germany was so much about average it 's not even funny . 
  snowden yes , manning - no, 
  now i must admit i did n't do much research but the things manning leaked were not really a problem . 
  the government reported less civilian casualties than the real number . 
  nobody really cares about that since 50 000 iraqis and 100 000 iraqis is pretty much the same for people in the us ( just for the record i am not an american and it is still the same to me ) . 
  snowden on the other hand exposed the us government harming the people and companies of the us directly . 
  ok enlighten me about the ones that are really important . 
  i read some at the time but all of them seemed boring and unimportant . 
  i did read it once and decided that all his leaks are unimportant . 
  then promptly forgot all the forgettable information . 
  again you should tell me what exactly he leaked but it is not like the us involvement and failure in the arab spring is something that needed any leaks . 
  next you will tell me that we need a leak to know that there were no chemical weapons in iraq . 
  it is bad but not particularly worrisome since the victims are not american citizens and are in fact people from countries the us is practically in war with . 
  also these situations are expected in war . 
  it is bad that the government tried to cover them but i see this more as covering incompetence than planned crimes and deliberate subversion of citizen 's rights as is the case with the snowden leaks . 
  they do touch technical details . 
  note that the reason they do this is to anonymize the story so the submitter and the site can not be sued . 
  they use the opportunity to make it more exciting . 
  pretty much my experience with two stories i had published . 
  in one case they changed the code in a way that it would n't compile and people in the comments claimed that the story was fake because the code could not compile , 
  i am now convinced that there are just two ways a monopoly can exist - either only one company is able to make quality product of a certain kind and at low price in which case the monopoly is just fine ( think google search ) or there are state regulations that support that monopoly by preventing competition . 
  either douglas crockford is a complete moron or he was joking . 
  he left comments out to prevent processing directives and he then recommends processing software to remove the comments ... 
  i agree . 
  he is doing more retrofitting than they do for the world of warcraft lore . 
  for people who have powershell scripts windows . 
  why would they abandon gazillions of powershell scripts ? 
  i am so proud . 
  our own home grown bulgarian scam for millions of dollars . 
  the point of orms has never been to skip learning sql . 
  i did not read the article right now but i am pretty sure i 've read it before . 
  based on experience i disagree with the latter assertion . 
  i spent the first 5-6 years of my career working on projects without an orm ( most often stored procedures ) . 
  the rest ( 10 years professional programming so 4-5 years ) i 've used an orm and i think it does make me more productive . 
  now i do realize that this is subjective but i do n't think the author has any studies to back up his claims either , does he ? 
  also note that the author talks about hibernate . 
  i think ef with a linq provider is much nicer than hibernate so maybe both me and the author can be right . 
  the databases i work with do not have hundreds of millions of rows . 
  implicit lazy-loading is a no-no and nhibernate sucks . 
  the complexity of the model depends on the complexity of the schema not on the number of rows and this complexity is there orm or not . 
  it is entirely possible that an orm will fail to generate proper queries for millions of rows . 
  the solution as i see it is to optimize on demand and use sql ( in my case stored procedure ) for the queries that are problematic . 
  i 've done this on several occasions - to get a tree structure with a common table expression , to use full text search , etc. 
  the databases i work with usually have just a couple of tables with up to a million rows and most of the other tables have a small amount of rows although some of the schemas are big and complex . 
  it is entirely possible that if most of your data and the way it is used requires serious query optimization then a heavy-handed orm like ef or nhibernate is not a good choice because you are going to need to fallback to sql too often . 
  however i would argue that this kind of project is the exception and most projects are similar to mine - 2-3 tables with a lot of records and most tables with fewer records where non-optimal query is good enough . 
  and lets not forget that there are always a good number of simple queries that the orm handles just fine . 
  i think that there are two things that make people write articles like these . 
  someone got the idea that they may use an orm without knowing sql, 
  people want to orm everything . 
  you are still allowed to use sql with the orm and you are even allowed to use ado.net or a micro orm aide by side . 
  are the lotv achievements hard compared to wol and hots ? 
  i got in the habbit of playing the game on hard and then getting into the multiplayer . 
  i do the brutal and 100 % achievements before the next expansion but i have not done lotv yet because i want to play covert ops when all three parts are available . 
  cool . 
  i 'm up for a challenge . 
  wol had two hard achievements - the lost viking one was hard but thankfully i enjoyed the actual game enough to have fun mastering it .
