  no indication you say ? 
  is there any study that says most people who bought starcraft ii want to stutter step , split marines and play `` nice macro game '' or only / r/starcraft polls ? 
  and of course i do n't want to be in a lower league , i want to improve and compete on strategic , tactical and mind games level . 
  i am just forced to put up with the mechanical bullshit in order to have fun which obviously reduces my fun . 
  i used to have more fun with sc before it was overtaken by people who think that the greatest manifestation of intelligence is being able to split marines . 
  the good news is that you have not been able to break the game to the point where it is not strategic and fun ... yet . 
  yeah , we 'll just have to wait . 
  until then we can reread the sky lords trilogy, 
  i 've been told so but i hear there is no e-sports scene . 
  i put high value in your opinion too . 
  no it is not . 
  what makes the real time aspect interesting is the ability to make the decision quicker than your opponent and to make the judgement call between deeply thought and most correct decision and not so correct but fast decision . 
  also turn based mechanics assume that things do n't happen at the same time and it is somewhat different . 
  i would actually play a competitive game where the game is paused every x seconds and you and your opponents give commands then watch how they are executed , the game is paused again and you give commands again . 
  i did play a mobile rts like that ( http://www.armedgame.com/ ) and got the first place on the ladder while i did . 
  i would gladly play an aaa e-sport like that if there was one . 
  so strategy , tactics and mind games are not something to be good at ? 
  there is no competition in chess and there is nothing to be good at in chess because there is no mechanical aspect ? 
  i will continue and i will also beat you with cheese on the ladder , 
  sure you can claim i do n't like rts ( despite sc being the most important thing in my life since 1998 ) . 
  however how do you explain that i like rts without stutter stepping and without larva inject more ( everything else equal ) ? 
  certainly you do n't claim that rts without stutter stepping and larva inject ca n't exist ? 
  the skill of stutter stepping , splitting marines and larva injecting is totally uninteresting to me both to watch and learn to execute . 
  if strategy , mind games , tactics and reading the opponent are not enough to differentiate high level players i do n't want to be involved in this game . 
  the difference between you and me is that i respect starcraft enough to believe it will be a good game without mechanical competition . 
  i think you wanted to write `` high '', 
  sadly as pointed out in the comments does not contain all changes . 
  strange . 
  the core community did not provide any proof that this is what the community at large wanted . 
  they were just the core community that cared enough to write on forums and reddit . 
  also note that i do n't claim that i should be the one who makes the call ( except in that one obviously sarcastic post ) , i am just listing my opinion just so people do n't go around claiming that everybody wants to make the game more mechanical . 
  what happens is that everybody jumps on me to literally tell me that i am stupid , that i do n't like rts games and so on . 
  this is the self-selection process of the sc community . 
  btw when you dag up that post of mine about stutter stepping did you notice what thread i was replying to ? 
  it was from a guy who does not play competitive starcraft but loves rts and he is frustrated by the mechanical requirements and gives other rts games as an example . 
  where did i say that mechanics are holding me back or that the ladder is too fast for me ? 
  i do value the time management involved with mechanics but i do n't see why the time should be invested just for the sake of investing time . 
  for example i loved the old pre-lotv chrono boost because it required a strategic decision when executing . 
  i simply do n't like being required to click a button just because i have to choose what button to click . 
  the game is complex enough so that no human can reach the maximum . 
  if i did n't have to inject i would attack on one more flank ( be it second , third or fourth one depending on the skill level ) but now i just have to click a stupid button to make my economy keep up . 
  while we are at it why not click a button to gain more minerals just like that ? 
  strange ... you listed the most popular games . 
  let alone that i do n't see the same stupid mechanics in shooters . 
  what is the equivalent of larva injects in counter-strike ? 
  also how about chess ? 
  meaning diamond is too high for you ? 
  accidentally the gsl open tournaments were my favorite gsl tournaments . 
  probably the ones with most viewers too . 
  let alone that i do not agree that they were build order wins . 
  for example this is still my favorite sc2 game - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vmtbxvp9gg, 
  specifically the decision to sac the hatch ( that was defendable ) was pure beauty . 
  like sacing the queen in chess . 
  oh i actually added the comment about spore crawler damage . 
  it was not edited in a few days so i just assumed it was not added . 
  thank you very much for pointing out that the op is in fact editing . 
  yeah currently ( i 've been masters for 15 seasons if that counts ), 
  i did make it but how is it better to decide to go clicking buttons for 5 seconds than to go make 5 more decisions for 5 seconds ? 
  i appreciate the decisions about where to invest your attention but i do n't see why there need to be attention sinks that do not involve decisions themselves . 
  i already gave the chrono boost example . 
  chrono boost is great , larva inject sucks . 
  with chrono i both make a strategic decision to go chronoing and have to decide what to chrono . 
  if you are gm although i did hit a bunch of gms when i was in masters so i guess i 'm coming for you . 
  yeah disagreeing with elitist opinions of sc2 is certainly a sing of low intelligence . 
  i do n't have a problem with the fact that they failed at inventing something good i have a problem with the community defending it ( and other similar mindless tasks ) . 
  it is not only inject it is manifested in mechanics that people think are cool like stutter stepping . 
  if they remove stutter stepping marines will be weaker but nobody talks about it because elitists think it is cool . 
  competitive starcraft was just right for me before elitist top level players decided that it should become more mechanical . 
  this whole discussion started because somebody was looking through my comments and saw my reply on a thread in / r/gaming about non-mechanical rtss . 
  obviously there are other people that think like me they just do n't come here . 
  also people like to brag that starcraft is mechanically the hardest game as if this is a good thing . 
  as i said i do value your intelligence too , 
  you are the only one talking about the ladder . 
  i am simply stating that the best way to play requires doing mindless tasks like stutter stepping and larva injecting which is in my opinion a bad thing . 
  i do n't think i can be accused of not enjoying rts . 
  i do play sc , take part in tournaments and so on and i have been doing so since the 90s . 
  it is just that my favorite sc is the one that was played in 99-2001 period and accidentally this is when sc was the most popular competitive game in the world and created e-sports . 
  i simply wish we do n't purposefully go back . 
  maybe a replacement for larva inject and stutter step is needed if they are removed but we ca n't talk about a replacement if people think they are super cool right ? 
  makes sense to me . 
  emulates the experience in real tournaments . 
  when i go to a real tournament i often happen to get demolished by a gm player in the first round . 
  well i am a foreigner so ... 
  yeah because i always thought `` i wish i could save money by not installing windows on my dev machine '', 
  perfect time to work for those achievements x number of wins with race a, 
  i will keep using windows because i know many programmers i respect that do . 
  in fact i know of more respectable programmers who use windows than linux both personally and celebrities that i read about/from . 
  a good argument can be made that sc2 has the bad kind of complexity ( which btw sc1 did not have ) . 
  there are a lot of exceptions that make it hard to understand what an unit does unless you know the numbers . 
  for example why does the hellbat have more health than the hellion ( something that does not happen with siege tanks ) ? 
  damage bonuses are random ( sc1 had orderly system of the % of bonus damage based on types ) . 
  tempest do different damage to ground and air despite the attack looking the same . 
  the liberator has some strange siege mode that shoots ground only and otherwise shoots air only . 
  in addition it ca n't shoot buildings for no reason . 
  however i somehow doubt the author has this kind of complexity in mind . 
  zerg definitely op . 
  also in diamond 75 % are zerg , 
  the terran managed not to kill a single unit . 
  i am sad they abandoned the skinny hunter look from starcraft 1 / brood war . 
  i do n't like the new armored body builder type protoss .
