  there were hard problems about it . 
  one of them was tracking the types when files should be downloaded and executed separately . 
  up to 5 people using vs community ( you can have 10 with 5 using pro and 5 using community ) or free for any organization without limit provided that it is used to develop open source software . 
  however this is irrelevant in the context of the conversation because the original comment mentions that `` developers rely on free tools '' . 
  if the developer chooses for himself he can go for vs community . 
  if the company chooses then the company chooses anyway and big companies do not insist on using free tools . 
  in fact it is a red flag if they do . 
  they have not missed . 
  it trades for less than $ 3000, 
   when you use data annotations to validate models and an error is caught by the controller , the modelstate is updated with the errors and a badrequestobjectresult is immediately kicked back as the response . 
  you ca n't even debug the controller directly , the execution of code never enters the method body . 
  does that mean that in asp.net core you do n't get to check the model state for validation errors like you do in asp.net full ? 
  this tutorial states that the controller should check modelstate.isvalid ( i.e. 
  the old way ) - https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/mvc/models/validation, 
  sadly it does not contain actual controller code . 
  i certainly do n't want the censoring , lying and potentially sabotaging bs to control the code . 
  the fact is that transactions are slow and fees are high which means bs has failed in steering bitcoin . 
  they must go . 
  i am ok with that . 
  for every skin in the game i 'd match the price for an anti-skin - the option to not see the skin . 
  please blizzard give us an option to disable skins . 
  some skins like the zergling and the new roach skin are really messing up the game . 
  i want to believe that there will be a device to buy but i am not that optimistic . 
  also even if this happens i do n't expect devices to ship before the end of 2018 . 
  at that point my lumia 950xl will be 3 years old and the model will be 4 years old . 
  ca n't blame ms for lack of support . 
  i just hope they release a phone before my hardware dies ( or i drop it and break it ), 
  we met him in a bus after day one of dh valencia 2014 . 
  tried to navigate the city together to get to our hotels . 
  seemed totally reasonable guy but who knows , maybe it was because we were n't playing against each other , 
  which altcoin has the number of transactions btc has ? 
  the problem is that the network can not scale with the current amount of users . 
  even if segwit solves the problem for an year it would not solve the problem in 2-3 years . 
  litecoin does n't even have this problem because the amount is smaller . 
  sadly this pattern becomes less useful when you start extracting layers in a separate assembly . 
  that being said the default mvc structure is out right stupid . 
  a controller should be in the same folder as its related views and viewmodels but if you try to do that the rolling will fight you . 
  best you can do is use areas . 
  i admire how people choose to remember things differently . 
  skype was down multiple times when it was p2p including one outage that lasted 3 full days ( skype blamed it on windows update because many nodes got restarted at the same time , somehow it is always microsoft 's fault ) . 
  i like p2p as much as the next guy but skype had some severe usability issues when it was p2p most notably it did n't have offline messages . 
  in fact i have witnessed real life confusion when a message arrives 1 month later when the user who sent the message logs in from 1 computer and then from another . 
  it was also hard to implement p2p on mobile devices so mobile skype did strange shit . 
  overall this is really bad comparison . 
  bitcoin is different service . 
  i care a lot if my money is decentralized and i could n't care less if my chat is decentralized as long as it has end to end encryption . 
  in fact my chat is already decentralized because i use several chat apps . 
  when skype goes down i use facebook chat or something else . 
  in my opinion it is better . 
  sure it is still bad but it is less bad . 
  first all we have offline messages now which is a must have feature for every im and then it is the but you mentioned which was quite annoying for streamers and progamers which were constantly ddosed due to easily discoverable ip address . 
  these people used to spin up vms in amazon just to run skype, 
  well this is where people are . 
  i can also chat with my 0 contacts on telegram , 
  if you know that why are you trying to recruit new players for a beta ? 
  you should tell them to wait till release . 
  in my opinion the severity is overstated . 
  there is a small chance of programs misbehaving . 
  you can expect that your computer will keep working like it was up to now . 
  if you feel it is unstable check for updates of uefi , maybe this issue was causing the problem . 
  i am not sure if this issue can be exploited for malware . 
  it might be a problem in the future if it can . 
  i personally wonder how will i know if certain uefi update fixes this particular issue . 
  i think vs2008 is still the prettiest ide visually, 
  unless he signed something with a satoshi key , who cares ? 
  he is discredited by the very fact that he claimed something that he knew would require proof and then refused to prove it . 
  specifically `` what he plans to do '' is directly related to his history of not following through on things that he has said he plans to do . 
  neither of these options are strongly typed ( statically yes , but not strongly ), 
  i do n't understand why anyone would use babel over ts . 
  i mean ts compiles future features to pure js just like babel does but also checks types and does some type inference and flow-based typing . 
  why would you not want that ? 
  would it be that much of a problem to modify your code and then manually copy it in the ts file ? 
  i mean you can use the js output of ts to do that , it is human readable and in fact if you transpile to some modern version of js it will be exactly the same but without types . 
  i would count typescript 's conservative attitude as an advantage . 
  but he would not have produced the material for endless 2nd place jokes !, 
  exactly . 
  soo has his priorities straight !, 
  also i think he has the prestige by now . 
  at this point i am a big fan of so0 . 
  i always root for him to win . 
  at the finals i root him to win second place . 
  another report from ars technica - https://arstechnica.com/gaming/2017/06/hands-on-with-starcraft-remastered-ahead-of-its-august-14-launch-for-15/, 
  i think they missed one 0 in the title . 
  i am pretty sure i have seen neosteel frame researched on purpose and used in one gsl game in a form of heavy bunker rush or something . 
  too bad i ca n't remember the details . 
  having less women in tech is not a problem . 
  now if women were somehow banned from tech that would be a problem but they are not . 
  and no , talking about star trek does not count as pushing women out of tech . 
  i 'd still listen to his interviews and talks any time i can . 
  i disagree with his views but he is funny . 
  strong and weak typing are not well defined concepts so we could argue infinitely . 
  also strong vs weak is a slider . 
  5 + `` asdf '' being a valid statement means the type system is weaker than the same type system where this statement is invalid . 
  is there a study or even anecdotal evidence that shows that these incidents happen more often in tech than say law or business ? 
  in my experience companies sometimes hire less qualified women to avoid the perception that they are a male-only company . 
  however that being said 20 % women in tech are enough to mitigate this issue . 
  yes , it needs to be more often because if it is not more often then it is not a problem of the tech industry and therefore should not and probably can not be solved by the tech industry . 
  in other words the dart team demonstrated poor judgement and are trying to make excuses . 
  you should assume that they are for example us culture issues not related to the industry . 
  for example in bulgaria where i live and work nobody gives a shit about these `` issues '' and guess what !,
