  '' , `` oracle or postgres ? '', 
  yes they were trying to destroy competing software which i think is ok ( i do n't believe anti-trust laws should exist ) . 
  so the fact that ms did kill software justifies spreading fud about . net right ? 
  a lie is a lie even if you lie about the guy that hurt you . 
  i was wondering if there was some list of references somewhere . 
  if i was writing a star wars script i everything would be a reference and those codenames must be references . 
  using new tech is not too bad . 
  not using cool things makes hiring devs significantly harder . 
  the devs who are interested in new technologies are idiots ? 
  interesting argument . 
  how many simple properties did the average dto have and how many non-trivial ( i.e. 
  ones that required configuration ) ? 
  this is sc1 not sc2, 
  hah ... 3 and complaining . 
  on my current project there are services that have 10 different repositories injected . 
  some of them called for multiple methods . 
  i have considered not using the repository pattern but i was told we could n't change it because this is how it has been done up to now and we do n't have time . 
  despite the fact that it was the first month of the project . 
  we 're in the 6th month now but luckily i 'm out of the project in 3 days . 
  what do you mean by `` pass-through '' ? 
  sometimes they contain linq queries but most often they are a dumb wrapper around ef and even accept expressions so they provide literally no value as they do not even abstract ef away . 
  they are your standard generic repository implementation from all the stupid articles over the internet, 
  expression is not ef specific but if you expose expression from your repository you pretty much guarantee you can not replace the implementation with anything else . 
  at best you can replace with another orm but even this does not work in all cases since there are unsupported expressions and they differ for most orms and ef has the most complete implementation . 
  your personal experience just proves that the repository pattern is useless , 
  were the grenades changed ? 
  what exactly is this concern ? 
  with hololens there is no host machine . 
  is anyone else bothered by the fact that the thing shown on the graph and labeled as `` inflection point '' is not an inflection point ? 
  as if anyone in the countries that propose this idea ( mainly rich european countries ) is starving to death . 
  i 'm sorry comrade but i am part of the lumpenproletariat . 
  your jedi mind tricks do n't work on me . 
  i do n't get why people complain . 
  if you do n't want to work 60 hours per week do n't work 60 hours per week . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  your coworkers do it ? 
  well if they do it they should get more money . 
  i work 4 days a week ( i.e. 
  32 hours ) and i sometimes work with people who work 60 hours per week . 
  they probably make more than 2x money and that is completely fair . 
  where i live ( bulgaria ) c # is immensely popular for teaching in both state-sponsored universities and coding schools/academies ( i think they are comparable to those code camps in the usa ), 
  it is much less of a problem but it is not totally different . 
  in fact the problem is exactly the same but the damage is far smaller . 
  i think as we enter into 2025 ( i.e. 
  9 years after the release of . net core similar to the 9 years of python 3 ) we will still have more professional devs using non-core and we will have a split . 
  of course the fact that the language will be the same and the existence of . net standard will mitigate the problem . 
   total python 3 coverage is at 72 % . 
  that 's impressive given that python 3 came out in 2008, 
  is this sarcasm ? 
  will work for pure . net libraries but all those things that wrap win32 apis will keep people on the full framework . 
  also who is going to migrate all those projects that target the full framework ? 
  azure datacenters in germany are not operated by microsoft but by a german company for precisely this reason . 
  also eu countries ' surveillance laws are usually worse than the us . 
  the us is only worse because they have the technical capability to spy on everyone . 
  i think the wise words of anders ( hallowed be his name ! ), 
  are applicable here - `` static when you can , dynamic when you must '' . 
  signalr is one of the cases when you must . 
  the alternative would be defining useless interfaces with the methods you want to call without any compile time safety because the methods may not be present on the client side . 
  and when we are talking about apple `` jack '' literally means `` jack '' . 
  like the `` audio jack '' . 
  they wrote `` despite bad publicity '' but what they really meant is `` despite our attempts to discredit bitcoin '', 
  at first i thought it was a joke because of this phrase then i was like `` oh yeah ... canada '', 
   looks like a lot of liberals are expecting trudeau to babysit trump on the world stage . 
  what ? 
  this is even more ridiculous expectation than the hope that the electors would not vote trump president . 
  trump can literally slap the guy and get more support because of it . 
  you are right . 
  in the last 2 years i have worked on 5 . net web projects 4 of them being spas powered by asp.net web api and one was a traditional asp.net mvc app . 
  in my opinion that last one should have been a spa and it was a mistake to build it as an mvc app . 
  this is factually wrong . 
  j + + was not a ripoff of java but an implementation of java with extensions . 
  ms originally had license to do it and then stopped paying for some reason and got sued by sun and lost . 
  then they started . net from scratch and did not refactor anything . 
  j # was an attempt to create a language for . net that looks more like java because they thought c # was n't java-like enough . 
  the phrase `` all-in '' has been taken to absurdity in sc2 . 
  i 've heard artosis say something along the lines of `` he attempts a third all-in after the previous two failed '', 
  i understand that in the metaphorical sense you can be all in without pulling absolutely every worker but apparently it is used so liberally that now it means `` an attack that has to do some damage or your changes in the game are somewhat reduced '' . 
  i am looking at https://bitcoinwisdom.com/ and it looks like they average across several exchanges . 
  what i find strange is that this thing btc-e always lists far lower exchange rate than the others . 
  why is this the case ? 
  you could ( in fact the exchanges do this for you ) but you need to have enough usd to buy the bitcoins of everyone willing to sell under $ 1000, 
  yeah but why are there more sellers there . 
  why would n't they sell at other exchanges ? 
  why is n't anyone buying there ( probably automatically ) and selling on other exchanges ? 
  now of course / u/dandarden provides an answer . 
  if these btc are related to some criminal activity maybe people want to stay away from them . 
  what is r3 ? 
  bitcoin is the most practical libertarian thing out there . 
  i bought some in 2013 for an amount that is not insignificant to me but is not foolish either ( i.e. 
  i can afford to lose it all ) as a political statement . 
  of course i will not mind if it makes me rich but i feel like the fact that i am holding some btc matters more than voting , promoting liberty and sharing taxation is theft memes . 
  you can sell bitcoin for toilet paper , eggs and other goods that are valuable in venezuela, 
   venezuela is n't socialist , the workers do n't control the means of production , and wage labor is still in place . 
  this means it is not communist country but it is in fact socialist country . 
  i think there is some bitcoin mining in venezuela due to cheap electricity which means that they are producing bitcoin locally which means that you can probably buy it with eggs and toilet paper, 
  i 'm in for a tesla that i will buy with 1 btc ( without selling it for fiat ) . 
  how much usd for the cheapest tesla you can buy in europe ? 
  sadly it does n't work this way because of taxes . 
  in the us the price is reported before taxes and the taxes would be different anyway and also as far as i know there are subsidies for electric cars in the us, 
  paul krugman again ?
