  after all we need someone to demonstrate that comparable type of game ( dota clones are not comparable ) can work on similar machines and support skins while having comparable graphics . 
  i do n't think anyone did that yet . 
  i agree but then again i do n't think buying skins makes any sense to begin with . 
  i assume that the person who buys skins would want others to see them . 
  of course i can not know what is going on in the mind of people who buy skins since i do not understand the premise of buying skins . 
  on the other hand i do see the logic that if 90 % of the people who buy skins do it so others will be forced to see them and blizzard implements this option there is simply no reason to waste time implementing the option . 
  depends on what drives people to buy skins . 
  what if everyone buys skins so that the others see them and with this option implemented nobody buys the skins . 
  why would blizzard waste time implementing this feature at all ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i have a question that should be answered before this one . 
  why the fuck would anyone buy a skin ever ? 
  that was `` established '' by a comment from a person and i am not saying that it is not true but it is totally non-obvious to me and i do not see the evidence . 
  that 's fine . 
  now all you need to do is convince blizzard that people like you are willing to spend enough money to justify implementing the feature . 
  note that people who buy skins to show off do exist and therefore direct comparison to games which do not have the option to disable skins is far from meaningful . 
  honestly i can not ever imagine buying skins . 
  now i may buy a skin for a cause because i want to send money towards charity or towards the prize pool of a tournament but i do n't need skins for this . 
  i can just as easily buy a portrait . 
  they will be mad in advance because the option exists . 
  or more precisely they will not buy skins which in theory may reduce the amount of people buying skins below the necessary number required to make the change worth it . 
  note that i do not mind having an option for skins if i can turn it off . 
  i am just pointing out that the argument for this type of implementation is not entirely convincing . 
  i kind of think the burden of proof is on the people who demand the feature . 
  you need to convince blizzard to include this i do n't need to convince them to not include it and i do n't even have a problem with them including it . 
  i was just pretending for the sake of the argument that i have to make this business decision and listing the possible counter arguments . 
  does any of this games allow the other players to turn off skins for their opponents ? 
  as i said i do not need to prove anything as i am only voicing a concern about the validity of the comparison . 
  btw why is n't there an option to turn the current skins off ? 
  well , people may want to turn skins off for other reasons except performance . 
  for example quake players force opponent skins for gameplay reasons . 
  so there is a problem but they do not implement the option to turn opponent skins off . 
  can it be because they think that would reduce their profits from skins ? 
  well if they do n't exists i guess there is no problem but i am perfectly sure i asked for an option to disable skins in sc2 both in reddit threads and on battle.net blog posts . 
  i am talking about the current skins . 
  sorry guys , you lost . 
  i have mixed feelings about this . 
  there is the `` i told you so '' attitude but i am also a bit disappointed that you could not push an alternative to js that was obviously better . 
  supposedly if you were a believer you expected that dart would replace js and then your investment will be worth it . 
  your code would be faster and more maintainable than the typescript code . 
  today you ca n't be a believer anymore . 
  what exactly happened to neural parasite since i obviously missed that ? 
  so like checked exceptions . 
  double the failure , 
  because it is javascript for a platform that does not mandate javascript . 
  feel free to pretend you did n't understand what i am saying and trying to argue technicalities . 
  you still know it is true and why so many people are annoyed having js shoved down their throats . 
  so hyped !, 
  2 vs 2 saving e-sports !, 
  i am stunned . 
  did no one explain btc to him or he is incapable of understanding ? 
  ok but if i was paid or wanted to bash bitcoin i would try to point or even overblow some of the real issues it has not pretend it is something totally different from what it actually is . 
  i would n't want to be discredited in the eyes of everyone who knows what btc is even if they are against it . 
  what i said was that people dislike javascript and they dislike the idea of using it when they do n't have to . 
  on the web there is no choice - js is mandatory . 
  therefore people downvote and hate in threads where someone suggests they should use js outside the web . 
  give it to me , i have checked off beta options for heroes of the storm so i will have time to play lotv, 
  respectfully disagree . 
  i have very little respect for the type of skill this change promotes because i see it as muscle memory . 
  i would like units that promote positioning and quick thinking rather than muscle memory . 
  i realize this is not popular in the sc community but if we are going to call the game a strategy game we should promote strategy and not require players to develop muscle memory on the level of fighting games players . 
  btw i loved your scan range suggestion, 
  more importantly it is totally great . 
  in my opinion marine micro is totally uninteresting to execute and watch . 
  i have no interest in developing this type of skill and watching players display this type of skill . 
  what i want to see is people setting traps and bating the opponent . 
  basically i do not appreciate any skill that depends on muscle memory . 
  i appreciate skill that depends on planning and/or fast thinking . 
  as an example of fast thinking micro i can point to player dodging the enemy unit with scouting scv or running away with a dropship . 
  i do want units to become more effective when the player pays attention to them but i want this to be the case because the player thinks for them and does it better than the unit ai , not because investing certain amount of apm gives them the magical ability to move and shoot at the same time . 
  note that i do believe the proposed change will achieve your stated goals but for me these are not good goals . 
  i find the beauty of the game elsewhere . 
  if i did n't think there is place for tactics and strategy in this game i would not play or watch it . 
  i also disagree that at high enough level everything becomes muscle memory but certainly the importance of muscle memory increases and in my opinion through the history of the sc2 the game design moved in that direction on purpose and this was supported by most of the community which makes me sad . 
  as i said i do realize i am in the minority at least among the hardcore community . 
  of course every aspect of the game can be incorporated into tactics . 
  the problem i have with promoting mechanics is that it means that a player can be tactically and strategically superior and not be able to execute and therefore lose . 
  interestingly the very same argument of soccer vs chess was made in a teamliquid.net article about how cool mechanical skill is to watch and learn . 
  i remember reading it and thinking - yes , everything here is true . 
  the problem is that i find soccer extremely boring to watch and play and find chess really exciting . 
  i am a big c # fan and js hater but honestly i do n't see this succeeding unless they find a way to port silverlight to html + js . 
  very good , i did not know about it . 
  still i think direct silverlight compatibility would be far better even if it is not 100 %, 
  i know it is anecdotal evidence but i do n't know a single person who uses the java to js compiler outside gwt . 
  well then this needs the silverlight controls to be some form of gwt alternative . 
  did they censor `` fucks '' in the comment ? 
  certainly resurrecting it will be a big selling point for duocode . 
  after all we already had script # and a bunch of other projects that tried to make it with nothing more than a c # to js compiler and they failed . 
  the `` brain-damaged website '' is by far the best website to browse code i have ever seen . 
  it is aware of the structure of the code and has functionality to find references and go to definition . 
  i guess it depends on what you care about more . 
  i simply do n't read code on small screens anyway . 
  i wait till i get to some display with reasonable size because i get annoyed and rage quit otherwise . 
  as a . net dev i browse the `` brain damaged website '' quite often and i usually do it from work . 
  yes it is not designed for reddit and it would be better if it worked well on small resolutions but in practice it is more useful for what it does than github for example ( github 's main goal is of course different ) . 
  my point it that it is all about what the site is for . 
  if it can cover more use cases that 's fine but it better excel at its main job first . 
  wtf ?!?!? 
  why ? 
  i do n't see any advantages of dart over c # to js compiler .
