  if we use enough of these tricks we may achieve good enough balance for 2 vs 2 to be watchable . 
  sounds good enough for me . 
  i am sure that if some of the sc money are given for 2 vs 2 rules will be figured out . 
  come on when cs was released people did not know the size of the teams , the rules , what weapons were banned or even if they should play cs or de maps . 
  we can certainly think of a way to balance team games even if we need to rotate races . 
  good point but time ( moore 's law ) will fix that . 
  blizzard just need to make sure the requirements do not go higher with time for the low-end settings . 
  what is the 1 vs 1 tetris ? 
  i used to play tetrinet years ago . 
  is it similar ? 
  i disagree that playing 2 vs 2 / 3 vs 3 will not help 1 vs 1 e-sports . 
  knowing what the units do and what beats what is a huge part of getting into watching sc . 
  you are sarcastic but in the first 3 years of wc3 ( did n't follow it after that ) all clan wars and team leagues included a 2 vs 2 match . 
  sometimes the players that played the 2 vs 2 games were not even on the 1 vs 1 list . 
  i know a lot of people who have the game but play other games . 
  i would like sc2 to be free to play ( unless it affects the actual game design ) but i am not in a position to tell blizzard how to do their business . 
  i only claim that there is a tool to attract casual players that we ( blizzard + the community ) are not using . 
  so where did they play ? 
  to find matches faster i guess . 
  looking for 3 vs 3 or 4 vs 4 at match would take ages . 
  the ladders are already separate though i am not sure how the internal rating is calculated . 
  melee of course . 
  i agree that free to play is better but blizzard work for money and are in this business for ages . 
  we 're not in a position to tell them how to do their business . 
  while you may be right about the different game thing it is still far better than pushing custom games which are even more different to the point that they have nothing to do with actual starcraft . 
  i strongly disagree about the different balance sets but i think that balance is not even that important here and maps and race interaction ( medivacs healing opponents , chrono boost on teammate 's buildings , etc. ), 
  are enough to balance out 2 vs 2 and probably 3 vs 3 on a reasonable level . 
  i disagree that sc2 2 vs 2 is worse than lol or dota . 
  bad wording i guess . 
  on the other hand when the first seasons ended there was a masters league . 
  i never said 2 vs 2 should be balanced  there are a ton of competitive games that are not balanced . 
  cs is not balanced ( they switch ct vs t to balance it ) , street fighter is not balanced for the majority of characters and lol champs are not balanced . 
  english is not my native language . 
  what is so special about this ? 
  in other news i just could not post a comment on this blog ( 20 attempts still said captcha is wrong ) . 
  maybe i should write an article with my experience posting comments . 
  then maybe non-windows devs should get it to work on other oss . 
  could n't be that hard with an open sourced compiler . 
  this is what bothers me . 
  also i was dreaming unicorns last week . 
  of course they could use competitors but the premise is that typescript is somewhat better . 
  if you do n't think it is better why would you care if it had intellisense in the first place . 
  the most probable reason is that they just did n't implement it . 
  except that it looks the other way around . 
  you brought up that the code completion only works on windows . 
  this is like saying that you hate god and then proceed to explain that you hate it because you are an atheist . 
  you said that code completion does not work . 
  people either care about this or they do n't . 
  if they do they should implement it if they do n't why bring it up ? 
  i have perfect vision . 
  i believe this was some bug ( probably with ie ) but i 've had this issue before on blogger and they are just not fixing it . 
  i tried audio captcha for the first time and could not understand anything . 
  i was shocked these were used at all . 
  it was n't me but i do n't think the guy made any statements about where it works . 
  also it works where it is implemented . 
  if people care about it they will/should implement it . 
  if they do n't then by definition they do n't care if it works . 
  it 's not like it is directx and there is no way to get it to work on * nix because ms is hiding the code . 
  of course . 
  i was just applying [ hanlon 's razor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanlon%27s_razor ), 
  i use regions to name a piece of code . 
  it is considered best practice to extract a method and use the name of the method as the name of the piece of code . 
  however if a method is only used in one place then this increase the amount of code and makes debugging and following the code harder . 
  regions solve the problem with naming without introducing actual code and programming constructs . 
  jumping between thousands of files with 15 lines of code in them is much harder than navigating 2-3k lines in several files . 
  i prefer classes with code ( not data classes ) to have ~ 400-500 lines of code . 
  of course the split should be logical . 
  btw if i need to split a long class into several very small classes i 'll leave them in one file . 
  it 's not free it costs $ 100 per year . 
  is it possible that they pushed it in the market by hand due to the publicity and did not actually find out what was wrong with their system ? 
  definitely play through the single player and the challenges after that . 
  they are a good introduction to the genre and are fun . 
  even if you do n't like the multiplayer you wo n't feel like you wasted your time with the single player . 
  not cheesing at all is even more stupid than cheesing every game . 
  that 's correct but, 
  cheese needs practice as well . 
  if you never cheese on the ladder you 're most likely going to fail cheesing againt opponent that knows you . 
  cheese wins games on the ladder at approximately the same ( or slightly higher ) rate as macro games so it should be used to get to that top masters spot . 
  cheese is more likely to leave the game in a strage situation . 
  as such it is a way to practice thinking on the fly . 
  you can also cheese to get experience on stopping cheese . 
  i honestly loved to see the guy play despite all the hate by artosis . 
  i just love cheesy players . 
  so exciting . 
   1 . macro is more fun to play, 
  strongly disagree . 
  even more so when watching ( i 'm a big suhosin fan ), 
  i am not sure what exactly you describe with the force fields . 
  true . 
  also artosis is right in the sense that he did not cheese creatively like other players ( suhosin ) . 
  however the games featuring him were still exciting because other players had to counter him in not-entirely standard way . 
  this is not cheese . 
  cheese is something that depends on the opponent not expecting it . 
  it is rare that a two base protoss attack is not expected . 
  i like it more than the standard uber macro game but i 'd rather watch games develop from 6 pools , proxy gates , baneling busts , etc. 
  on a related news the wp7 emulator is really good and i think it is not running a vm . 
  it seems a vm based emulator will be even better . 
  i have an altar of anders ( hallowed be his name ) in my house and i pray to him every night . 
  even if we accept the totally subjective statement that proxy robo and 4 gate are not legit games what was not legit about the first game ? 
  you have no idea what we are talking about .
