  on a related note win phone and windows 8 do not support java as well and while they are not nearly as important as windows , mac , linux , ios and android i would argue that they are more important than blackberry and all the other mobile platforms that are currently in some state of development . 
  just to let you know if someone tells you to get cancer/get a life / that you are a noob after you beat him this is how we ( the starcraft community ) express our admiration for the player who just beat us . 
  i am hanging on irc all the time but i do n't go to sc2 channels because i am afraid of spoilers ( i am usually 2 days behind on gsl vods ), 
  the protocol is antiquated but nothing has come out to replace it . 
  there is nothing better for community real time discussions . 
  you ca n't create named channels in skype for example . 
  the only modern thing that could have replaced irc was google wave . 
  sadly the morons on google insisted on making it purely web based with no desktop client and then killed it before it had time to grow . 
  the lack of public , named channels may be considered as an advantage of the irc protocol over protocols like skype , msn , etc. 
  it is not only the user base but also the ability to have channels . 
  even if skype had users willing to organize in named channels the protocol ( or the client since we do n't know much about the protocol ) would still make it impossible . 
  of course there may be protocols out there that support public channels but none of the famous do . 
  many user migrations did happen . 
  myspace to facebook , icq to msn to skype . 
  i think if a big company invested in protocol with channels it would be easy to replace irc . 
  i do n't know why they are not doing it . 
  of course you alone can not do it . 
  reading code is much harder than writing code so if it is entirely possible that someone writes a good code he can not read . 
  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  i personally do n't really care about this . 
  well to be honest i do care in this specific case only because of integrated clients where you can have more than one protocol ( like miranda ) but otherwise i do n't really care . 
  for example i was not worried at all when ie was the only browser , 
  i vaguely remember reading about such a machine . 
  a clock or something . 
  yeah in sc2 it is similar but without `` gg '', 
  my point is that it is not easy to read even the best code . 
  this is a fundamental property of code - it is harder to read it than to write it . 
  of course good code is easier to read than bad code but still reading code is kind of different skill from writing it . 
  i will try . 
  if i do n't succeed i my excuse is that i am not a native english speaker , 
  i am not excused as my english is supposed to be far above this level . 
  however i tend to abuse the excuse because i can , 
  i ca n't comment on the us forums so i will post here and hope someone reads it . 
  overall i like the patches and the progress with hots . 
  i will comment only on negative things because they need changing . 
  removing siege mode sounds like a bad idea . 
  can someone explain why the medivac got so much boost in hots . 
  i played the beta for the first time just recently and missed the motivation . 
  double healing rate + boost ? 
  now healing rate buff is removed but why not the boost . 
  the boost is remarkably stupid ability . 
  people just have to press a key to get a speed bonus every now and then and it is basically just an apm tax . 
  if you want to have skills that require apm at least make them involve some decision making . 
  with the current situation you basically want to boost your medivacs all the time . 
  why not just add a button that you have to press every 8 seconds or you lose the game - so much skill . 
  also was the medevac underused or maybe drops were not effective so you decided to boost it ? 
  i think the reaper thing is quite radical change but i like the removal of battlefield awareness . 
  always seemed like a skill that reduced the mindgames and tactical decisions in the game . 
  however removing all the upgrades and reducing damage turns the reaper into a kind of marine and gives him no chance to be used in the late game . 
  the void ray skill is equally stupid to the medevac skill . 
  for practical purposes you always want to boost your void rays . 
  either give them a permanent boost or not . 
  do n't make me do a pointless button press . 
  as a counter example to skill where you need to press a button but also involves a decision i can give stim . 
  when you use stim it is not just your apm that you need to think about . 
  you need to think about if stim really makes sense in this situation . 
  with the void ray and medivacs if i could set the skill to autocast i would . 
  a skill i would set to autocast is not a good skill ( or at least should allow autocast ) . 
  this is pretty good reason is n't it ? 
  i just hope this remarkably stupid ability is removed or redesigned . 
  i wonder why they did n't just reduce the range so that you kind of zone out a point on the map and if anyone moves there he falls into the void . 
  i think they can make sense of this skill by just tweaking the radius of the hole . 
  i admire your perseverance !, 
  ( how many games did you play each season ? ), 
  i literally fell asleep during this game . 
  the second half was just stupid . 
  on one side we have hero who refuses to use recall ( for example attack the main with carriers and as the vikings cross the map recall in the protoss main and attack the upper middle terran base ) and loses units for 15 minutes and then byun refusing to attack for 20 minutes after he 'd already won . 
  you are correct that the void ray is not that bad but it is still bad . 
  well it is much better than the previous mechanic that made the void ray stronger near rocks which i find totally absurd . 
  also the need to juggle the charge always felt like remarkably stupid exercise to me . 
  the void ray is definitely better ( and probably useful ) but why do they need to make it useful in this particular way . 
  i was wondering this but decided that all other people who commented on what happens with the players can read korean . 
  i particularly enjoyed how eric lippert comes to save the day even when the problem is in ie6 and the team solving it is the gmail team . 
  you obviously have no idea of the scale of java deployment and the software that runs on it . 
  even small language change that compiles to the old vm takes like five years to get deployed for the majority of applications . 
  imagine what happens if someone rewrites the platform from scratch . 
  this rule has been in gsl for the start and foreign players always break it . 
  it is time one of them gets kicked out so everyone can learn about it . 
  in my opinion it is really unprofessional to break such a simple and old rule . 
  also note that if players could type `` gg '' and not auto lose after that they could abuse `` gg '' for misinformation . 
  i do n't get it . 
  to me it seems like a good reason to want bw to die . 
  also seems like a good reason for bw to die ( no chance for foreigners , no foreign viewers , no money ), 
  well i thought you are supporting the idea to some degree . 
  even some degree will be hard to swallow in the case of java . 
  overall i agree with your statement ( there are details but i guess you know there are exceptions too ) but i think this makes the game better not worse . 
  first of all even you called the moves that foreigners pull off `` astonishing '' if we get to see astonishing moves what is the problem . 
  now we get to see even more of them . 
  second i believe decision making and strategy are much more interesting than mechanics . 
  i do n't know why people would want to watch bw players win based on their ability to cycle through 20 gateways on perfect production cycles . 
  i find this pretty boring . 
  i want the player with the better decision making and strategy to win over the player with the better mechanics . 
  i want to watch/play a strategy game not mechanics game . 
  execution is certainly important in sc2 it is just deemphasized . 
  it is not normal . 
  at 37 it is normal to be boring , complaining about violence in computer games and explaining how things used to be much better back in the day ... 
  there is even slight chance that your kids will not think you are lame . 
  definitely not normal . 
  the negative things come from the fact that he plays against the ai , 
  i do n't have any problem telling people that football is remarkably stupid game .
