  if this is true then his comment is not stupid . 
  starcraft is of course bigger which makes flash 's achievement more significant but his comment does not claim they are equal only that they are equivalent in the respective games . 
  there is also a vote for jaedong vs some guy who plays a game where you control only one unit - https://twitter.com/espn_esports/status/842482155171274753, 
  well ... he is a pro player after all . 
  maybe the guy just discovered that methods/functions are implicitly converted to compatible delegates . 
  well maybe if core implemented these 2mb blocks from the agreement the support for bu would be small enough for it to die . 
  but no , even that was too much for them . 
  he was deleting them , this is how i ended up running a full bu node - after having a question about bu deleted . 
  i do n't know why he is n't deleting them in the past months . 
  probably ca n't keep up . 
  my understanding is that segwit allows like 1.7 mb in practice ? 
  in any case i do not think anyone understood `` 2mb blocks '' this way in the so called hong kong agreement . 
  after segwit was ready not after deployment . 
  seeing how the potential fork is the most discussed topic in the bitcoin community i think a lot of people care . 
  you should certainly care if you think bu is a cancer and the threads/comments should be deleted . 
  deleting threads/comments is what spreads this cancer . 
  well i when the hong kong thing happened i thought the idea was to increase the base blocksize and add 1mb via segwit . 
  maybe i got it wrong and while i getting it wrong does n't matter how did the miners get it wrong ? 
  how did you measure that 90 % ? 
  this is what economic majority means . 
  it does not mean tweets or reddit posts it means selling/buying/hodling, 
  tl ; dr ; please, 
  i have never seen madden played . 
  american football from the point of the guy devising the strategy ( is that the coach or a captain ? ), 
  always seemed quite interesting and strategic to me especially compared to football . 
  can it be that madden really has a good deal of chess-like strategy ? 
  certainly fifa games do not . 
  thanks, 
  wol maps were my favorite but i realize i might be a minority as i do not really appreciate macro or rather i do not give macro more significance than cheese play . 
  i actually veto big maps . 
  i love rushes and cheese , both when doing it and when it is done against me . 
  forcing players into aggressive strategies does increase strategic variety by definition . 
  obviously the undisputable fact that sc players are divine beings does not make other people `` shitters '' . 
  where did they get that idea ? 
  quake players are pretty awesome too . 
  probably also divine . 
  yeah , the original statement makes it sound like you ca n't hire good coders with money which is obviously false . 
  i notice that there are no twitch vods for both semifinals . 
  will this be a standard practice from now on ? 
  the compromise was `` increase the blocksize just slightly now ( say 2mb instead of 8 + mb ) and add segwit later '' . 
  it even had its own client - bitcoin classic . 
  core and supporters did not accept this compromise . 
  i would n't phrase it like that - more like i decided that the people who censor and ddos those who disagree can not be the good guys . 
  i do n't see why i should be ashamed . 
  i do n't even comment much on the topic other than when i see someone claim there was no censorship or when they claim that there should be censorship ( like now ) . 
  the only thing i do is run a full node . 
  i do n't even know if i would sell my coins on core chain if there is a split . 
  but basically yes i took sides not based on technical arguments . 
  why should i be ashamed of that ? 
  calling segwit a compromise is quite absurd as it was core 's plan all the way through . 
  i tend to watch on xbox because it is connected to the tv . 
  without an app it is hard to do . 
  there are apps for twitch and youtube and i do n't know if there is one for afreecatv . 
  i guess i should check . 
  then i guess there can be no compromise if hardfork is out of the question . 
  because as pointed out nobody has proposed blocksize increase which is not a hard fork ( and no , segwit does not count ) . 
  in addition hard fork of this type has been done before . 
  i made an effort not to spoil myself . 
  the first semifinal is worth watching in my opinion even if you know the result . 
  i am in the middle of the second right now and it is not that impressive ( for now ), 
  resistance is futile . 
  embrace typescript for your js projects now !, 
  because if it counted there would be no debate . 
  segwit was always on the roadmap for core supporters you ca n't claim that it is a compromise if it is the plan of one side either way . 
  the very word `` compromise '' means people will agree . 
  yes , if people do n't agree there is no compromise . 
  may have been so but when the hong kong thing happened segwit was already core 's plan . 
  to be honest i do n't remember that time . 
  first time i heard of the scaling debate was hern 's post . 
  if segwit did not exist back then it was n't long before i heard of it as the answer and the great divide started . 
  so if segwit was not in the original plan what was the original plan . 
  not scaling ever ? 
  well i ca n't see how there could be a compromise on this plan ever . 
  even the new ( segwit ) plan is debatable . 
  do n't worry !, 
  it seems that there is no chance of a compromise so b wo n't be cheated , 
  there was a thread on / r/btc the other day from a guy who said that in case of a fork he is willing to give one core coin for every unlimited coin 1:1 . 
  you might trade with him , 
  i wonder how many people run a full node because of / r/bitcoin censorship . 
  i know this is the main reason i run one . 
  it will be quite ironic if it turns out that say 30 % of unlimited nodes are running simply because censorship . 
  btw make sure your node accepts connections ( might need to open router ports ) - https://bitnodes.21.co/, 
  can someone explain how bu leads to more centralization ? 
  i asked this question several months ago and got the comment deleted but seeing that censorship is much more relaxed now maybe someone will answer . 
  the explanation i have seen is that it will require more hard drive space and more bandwidth to run a full node but these issues seem unimportant to me since even my 4 years old machine that i use as a backup has 1tb hard drive space and plenty of bandwidth and i just run a full node on the side . 
  now this is interesting . 
  how much worse is this effect with 2mb blocks as opposed to 1mb blocks ? 
  which will reduce the number of full nodes and destroy trust in btc and therefore the price which is against the interests of the miners . 
  i literally had this question deleted and when i looked around i found the hard drive space and network traffic argument which sounded like total non-issues . 
  and what happens with 1mb blocks today and how many percent of the mining done in china ? 
  if you are weary about the amount of mining happening in china then bitcoin has already failed on that point so at least we can get the benefits of bigger blocks . 
  i like how you added credibility to your post by typing `` jesus ver '' and `` jihad '', 
  my machine ( the one running the node ) has 8gb of ram . 
  what is the expected amount of ram needed for 16mb blocks ? 
  it means in case of doubt choose simplicity over safety . 
  that being said i do n't understand how a statically typed language can have doubts about generics . 
  as i see it from the point of view of side observer ( have n't used any of these languages ) there is no case other than existing codebase , team background and existing libraries where go is a better choice than rust . 
  as a . net dev i am filling my towatch list :(, 
  there is a very valid position that if btc can not scale it may as well not exist . 
  if you signed up for a revolution you do not care if bitcoin will survive as a marginal asset .
