  this is not realistic . 
  would n't that mean that btc has like 10 times the market cap of gold ? 
  50k though is realistic, 
  if this happens to me i stop playing until the next milestone patch which claims to address the issue . 
  i had issues with rockets when the beta went up and started playing again with the steam ea . 
  the game is definitely better but still so beta . 
  did vo0 comment on this at all ? 
  liquipedia is rapidly becoming the ultimate e-sports resource . 
  they already have extremely high quality resources for starcraft 1 and 2 , they are probably the best resource for heroes of the storm and they are decent at dota 2 ( is there a better resource ? ) . 
  if they manage to get the dota 2 and quake champions quality to match starcraft 2 then i think they would have accumulated critical mass and will be the default place for every new e-sports game . 
  when i was watching quakecon and wondering where to look i decided to check liquipedia just in case ... it turns out they had the info i care about . 
  21 million coins * $ 1 000 000 is 21 trillion market cap is n't it ? 
  so 3 times the market cap of gold if gold market cap is 7 trillion ( i saw higher estimate somewhere ), 
  well gold also has hodlers who are n't selling, 
  this is a fair view only if you are an anarchist who thing the state should not exist . 
  if the state exists it has the right and obligation to protect the borders and way of life of its citizens and has no obligation to allow anyone in no matter guilty or not . 
  yeah . 
  if microsoft had any clue about naming they would be 10 % more successful . 
  this is not a good argument . 
  the reasonable thing to do is diversify your investments and keep relatively small part of them in highly volatile asset . 
  if you got rich off of ethereum you should sell most of it . 
  i do n't see how . 
  the fact that it is highly volatile does not mean you ca n't have positive expectation . 
  volatility is also result of small trading volume . 
  if your assets are millions of dollars recovering can take a couple of lifetimes so better diversify . 
  that would be an interesting fight since crypto will probably turn out to be the hardest asset to regulate the agencies have faced up to now . 
  at the time the specific attack vector oracle used was not tested in court . 
  it might have been a reasonable bet that still lost . 
  they probably do n't know windows phone users still exist at this point . 
  in c # internal is what should be used instead of c++ 's friend . 
  internal allows access to classes from the same assembly but the same assembly has the same author so you should be ok . 
  if you need the manager class in another assembly . net has the concept of a friend assembly . 
  they can tweak it enough to make it good for qc . 
  reusing old maps and modifying them is a good way to help players learn the maps faster . 
  you can also think there is 10 % chance that it will increase its price 100 times and 90 % chance it will go to 0 . 
  in this case you should invest but not all your money . 
  i like my money not controlled or printed by governments . 
  like gold and bitcoin . 
  yes , but to cash out all you need to do is go to a country where crypto is not regulated and cash out there . 
  with cash it is harder because you will be stopped at the airport and asked where are you taking this sacks of cash . 
  this is in addition to the fact that you may just buy stuff with crypto directly and not convert to fiat . 
  also for crypto there are the mixer services and currencies like monero which make the money untraceable . 
  yes , i stand corrected . 
  it is a high-risk asset . 
  although volatility is usually associated with high-risk assets . 
  when i hear about a song called queen of blades this is what i think of - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hcvpfbu9n14, 
  i googled it . 
  i vaguely remember hearing it once upon a time - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrnfxueffzo, 
  sounds like someone competent made a song without any impressive musical idea to base it on . 
  also this melancholic style does not fit with kerrigan for me . 
  the `` conquer all '' theme of avatar 's song fits much better in my opinion . 
  yeah it is in the title of the youtube video for the song , 
  it is no doubt possible to ban crypto from the official trading and accounting . 
  however this is very easy for fiat and gold too . 
  the thing is can you ban crypto for tax evasion , capital flight , buying drugs and so on . 
  is it easier or harder than banning fiat or gold ? 
  you might get downvotes you do not deserve here and there . 
  in addition you will notice that comments with no information which are pro bitcoin cash will get upvotes and literally the same comments for bitcoin core will get downvotes . 
  that being said you will not get banned and comments with reasonable amount of arguments will be upvoted . 
  this voting disbalance is because people often instinctively downvote what they disagree with and upvote what they agree with . 
  because of the community split we ca n't have the two sides balance out . 
  strangely the amount of new devices released is not 0 . 
  where is the discussion about how much microtransactions and skins suck ? 
  it requires learning . 
  it hurts :(, 
  what a stupid idea to begin with , 
  this sub is better because there is no censorship . 
  that 's about it . 
  in my opinion the main reason bitcoin cash does n't have value comparable to bitcoin is that the bitcoin brand stays with core . 
  i support big blocks but thought ( in the light of segwit2x agreement ) that the fork would cost like $ 20 maybe $ 100 . 
  in this sense bitcoin cash seems like wild success to me . 
  yes the downvotes are problematic . 
  however on the other sub you get downvotes and bans . 
  usually if the community was n't split the two sides would balance out downvotes of the type `` i downvote what i disagree with and upvote what i agree with '' but because of the split this balance can not happen . 
  it would be great if people followed the reddit rule of `` do n't downvote because you disagree '' but we know that in practice this rarely happens . 
  i can clearly see your posts . 
  hell , after reading the top comments i scroll to the bottom to see the downvoted comments and usually ignore the middle . 
  miners ? 
  what about businesses like bitpay which literally depend on low transaction fees and quick confirmations ? 
  the difference in performance is negligible but i see no reason not to do it . 
  it makes the code shorter and the if i read the code i will stop and wonder why pass-through methods await the results . 
  i believe this problems are normal for any freelance profession . 
  i am a programmer and it seems that fellow freelance programmers have the same kind of problems and this is why quite a lot of people work for companies although they can make more money as freelancers if they are willing to deal with this bullshit . 
  react 's insistence that you ca n't opt for a template in a separate file is a deal breaker for me . 
  i also disliked a bunch of other small things and while i find angular a bit overcomplicated and the idea somewhat inferior it seems that i agree more with their approach to building software ( other than their version numbers , they have no idea what versions are supposed to mean ), 
  i think the presenter does not refer to the company that builds the framework but the actual team that works on the framework . 
  because it causes problems . 
  for example when i first heard of react years ago i could not use it with typescript . 
  some time later the ts team incorporated jsx into typescript . 
  then some features did n't work in visual studio until vs got an update . 
  then jsx features come to react and we have to wait for them to come to tsx ( or whatever ts 's jsx was called ) . 
  by contrast angular has no such issues . 
  even when vs had not heard about angular it worked just fine because the template can be in a separate file or even in a string in the same file if you want . 
  yes , these particular issues are solved but they would pop again every time something is added to jsx . 
  i will have to wait months for support . 
  as a matter of fact i do n't know how many issues like these popped up over the years because i stopped following it . 
  maybe there is an issue right now , who knows . 
  please write this blogpost . 
  i am really curious and it is bound to spark heated discussion . 
  but what happens if your projects are small enough that they are delivered before the first payment ?
