  imagine the negative p.r. 
  such a move would generate . 
  i promise not to buy anything from steam ever if they try to tell me what os to use . 
  i know i do this with websites when they try to tell me what browser to use although i have three browsers installed . 
  i am especially annoyed when they try to tell me not to use the most popular browser on the planet . 
  imagine how i would feel if a game tells me not to use the most popular os on the planet and i do n't even have the other os installed . 
  i was always pro-steam and i was defending valve back then but this time i will be part of the negativity , 
  i assume you count the nextgen consoles in the 75 % . 
  do we even know if the hardware in these is compatible with mantle ? 
  also how are they gon na get this into the xbox even if the hardware allows it ? 
  do we have any information on the hardware capabilities of the next gen consoles with regards to mantle and more importantly the willingness of the vendors to allow the api on their machines ? 
  unless the vendors commit it really is glide all over again . 
  i do agree that the scene has to shrink . 
  we do n't need that many pros until we can get enough normal players . 
  it is not the pro scene shrinking that we have to fear it is the player base melting . 
  even better - the interview !, 
   my brain stupid like genius, 
  yeah but i still wish someone would upload the new one . 
  i was talking about the postgame interview but thank you . 
  i actually missed this one and it is very funny , 
  edit : here is the one i was talking about : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0bwjz7huhbu&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=1751, 
  yeah i just found it , 
  unreal had glide renderer did n't it ? 
   on the other hand if mantle is close enough to the actual low-level console apis then the problem is solved automatically and amd win big time ( unless of course nvidia jump into new api wars ), 
  `` wtf per line '' is the best measure for code quality but i do n't see `` per line '' in this method . 
  on the other hand it is about the quality of the project not about the quality of the language . 
  well they can stop developers from publishing games using the api if they want to fight it that bad . 
  as if anyone would risk high profile project on `` how would they ever know '' . 
  most of them tell me things like `` i ca n't tell you more because of the nda '' . 
  i 've also heard stories of a lot of lawyers involved in high budget stuff although according to the legends the lawyers fixed things the other way around ( i.e. 
  they would clear the ban on mantle for the specific game ) . 
  no , did they ? 
  i did n't watch the presentation live but the reports i read did n't mention it . 
  for a moment i thought you were depressed by my grammar . 
  non-native speakers live in constant fear when we post on reddit , 
  i know this is true but i simply can not understand why . 
  i love rts games and ca n't take the dota clones even though i 've tried . 
  interestingly i love quake and street fighter and even enjoy watching counter-strike . 
  how come dota clones share the same players with rts is complete mystery to me . 
  they look much more similar to diablo which i ca n't stand . 
  they are not different by definition . 
  they are different because at the point in time they were made designers at blizzard had different ideas . 
  starcraft 1 could have been warcraft iii and vice versa if they were made in reverse order . 
  after all back in the day we all thought of starcraft as the next warcraft . 
  i fully agree . 
  in fact i will spend money for an option to disable them . 
  i would even buy the option to disable each skin individually . 
  how about a reverse free to play game where the game is free , the skins are free and you buy the option to disable ? 
  also make reverse micro transactions where we pay for the option to disable them . 
  i know i will spend money on that . 
  my point is that if they made sc2 instead of warcraft iii you would be creeping with heroes in sc2 ... with upkeep , 
  so how do we explain the warcraft ii thing then ? 
   also how do we explain wow which is foreign to both warcraft ii and warcraft iii ? 
  they did n't add it . 
  they replaced warcraft ii with heroes and rpg . 
  in the original version ( not public ) there was not base building and units could not move around without heroes . 
  something like real time heroes of might and magic . 
  i did play warcraft iii until dota practically killed it ( at least for me ) by dragging everyone i knew who played actual melee games . 
  i tried to play the original dota and failed miserably ( not so much in results but it just got me nervous ) . 
  i tried watching dota2 and lol several times and only got more frustrated . 
  i have burning ones because i spent money on collector 's edition  btw this looks like a cool f2p model . 
  whoever pays more forces/blocks skins , 
  thanks but between sc2 , job , single player games and girlfriend i will skip forcing myself into a game i am not hooked into for a reasonable amount of time . 
  warcraft iii did not have base building in the initial concept . 
  they also had other interesting ideas like different resources for different races . 
  for example undead were supposed to use only bodies of the dead and not gold . 
  they were supposed to have 6 races too . 
  the ideas were downscaled and became more standard because they could n't balance and figure out the game design and this is how we got warcraft iii as it is known . 
  my point is that blizzard were willing to twist the franchise a lot so why not do it with starcraft ? 
  the original diablo is actually cool . 
  it is a horror game by design . 
  then blizzard found out that certain types of players like to grind and they are the most faithful ones so they optimized for that . 
  electricity would be cool too , 
  i call things written in html web pages not games , 
  on the other hand ms happens to make windows and windows phone . 
  surely they have access to the proprietary standard . 
  i am a fan of web forms but in the world we live in both are obsolete . 
  you are better off learning how to build single page web apps . 
  learning server side frameworks is currently a waste of time . 
  sadly turns out to be fake speech . 
  kerrigan was not created to serve the overmind but to free the swarm, 
  the warcraft ii audience is very much the same as the starcraft audience . 
  i never met anyone who was a fan of warcraft ii but not starcraft . 
  things are surely getting interesting , 
  ooops ... now how do i cover my failure ? 
  hah the only reason to call warcraft ii generic is because like half of the standard things in rts games were invented in warcraft ii ( the other half in dune 2 ) . 
  warcraft iii is obviously quite a change but starcraft followed into the footsteps of warcraft ii quite faithfully . 
  not all of us enjoy working with the kludge that is the web platform but we do it anyway because this is what the market demands . 
  why did you assume that i like it ? 
  the market demands fancy web apps that do not require page refreshes . 
  if i was in charge the web would only be used for things like wikipedia and everything that requires more complex interactions would be desktop programs . 
  i believe he means mixed projects where web forms and mvc are used side by side and not asp.net in general . 
  that means potentially more traffic on the wire and also it is harder to wire client side events . 
  it used to be the case that server side frameworks were much better at generating html but these days client side templating is mature and very powerful . 
  you can also use superior patterns like mvvm to manage state on the client . 
  btw we used to do this with web forms several years ago ( somewhere between mvc1 and mvc2 ) . 
  we rendered controls into a string and sent the result to the client . 
  i 'm too proud for that , 
  single page apps does not literally mean single page although many apps are in fact single page . 
  in any case rendering html on the server and having completely stateless client is becoming obsolete really fast .
