  the best map pool was the wol launch pool . 
  and yes i know they were not really balanced and i do n't care . 
  i had fun playing and watching . 
  now it feels that i am looking at the same game over and over again because maps force the very same macro game . 
  reducing any percentage would make people frustrated and quitting the game . 
  they should have just declared that the new target is the actual percentage and stopped messing with it . 
  demoting anyone who is not getting worse or even worst who has improved can do no good for the amount of players, 
  no way !, 
  i have never seen a tournament where they play in teams . 
  what you play must be some weird custom game for noobs with infinite money and no skill . 
  it provoked unique strategies not seen on other maps which left the game in unexplored state making the players think on their feet . 
  i know right !, 
  obviously the purpose of teams is lower level and everyone who plays teams is a noob . 
  we must insult them and not even try to provide content for people who are interested in team games and then wonder why lol is so popular and starcraft is not . 
  also we should make sure high-level paid 2 vs 2 tournaments do n't exist . 
  we should make special feature in gomtv that makes fun of 2 vs 2 matches putting them in the same league with maps about splitting marines . 
  we should make sure no on even tries to take team games seriously because the game may suddenly become popular and we do n't want that . 
  did anyone ever doubt this . 
  i am one of the toughest and most competitive people i know and i had to fight my way into masters for the last 4 seasons after starting in lower leagues and i did not quit while a lot of people around me did . 
  for the first time this season i question if it is worth trying any more if i fail because i know i play better ( compared to the average community ) and still get placed farther behind than i was placed last season . 
  ladder badges give me something to shoot for and now they have taken it away . 
  if it was just pure numbers in a ladder at least i could shoot for improving my overall ranked from 10th thousand to 8th thousand . 
  i do play to improve but if you take away my way to measure how much i have improved what would i play for ? 
  that certainly may be the case but we can all agree that a ladder that tells you you got worse when you are improving is at best counterproductive . 
  well , that should n't be so hard . 
  i bet they can easily restore it just giving the same values to their algorithm as before . 
  hell , they can do that mid season right now . 
  this is exactly what they should have done . 
  segment the top do n't demote anyone . 
  they went out of their way to lie people about their rank and in the end they ended up demoting everyone , 
  do n't worry soon you will be the same skill but much lower percentagewise because see all these bronze and silver players ? 
  they will not play anymore and will be out of the ladder soon ex masters players will compete with other ex masters players for a place in gold , 
  after like 3 seasons leagues wo n't really matter because everyone will know every other player on their region by name since most people will have quit out of frustration . 
  what blizzard did was total bullshit and they better reverse it quick . 
  like this season . 
  if you want to segment the top you introduce new ranks from the top not from the bottom . 
  it is a well-known fact that people do n't take demotions easily . 
  for example people who worked for certain sum of money wo n't take reduced pay and prefer to be unemployed ( at least for some time ) . 
  normally in times of crisis countries introduce inflation and this way people get to get the same number of money but they actually get less value for them . 
  this is how blizzard should have handled the situation . 
  instead they just demoted everyone and are probably wondering why people are quitting . 
  how did you do that ? 
  my posts saying this get downvoted yours get upvoted , 
  they do n't want to . 
  it just so happens that when people get severely demoted ( like 2 leagues down ) they just do n't play anymore and they ca n't get promoted . 
  this does not help much when dealing with the frustration especially when you have to explain `` i am now x which is actually 2 leagues higher than it was before '' . 
  it is also hard to strictly adjust since you have to track charts like this all the time . 
  i bet at the end of the season stats will shift towards higher leagues then did i improve if i got promoted or just the stats got shifted ? 
  well i am not that good . 
  in the last year i am constantly lower masters and since the ladder changes i really have to fight hard to get back in masters . 
  obviously getting to diamond is relatively easy . 
  i made it to masters every season up to now including after the ladder change . 
  however i do n't know if i will be able to make it this season because it seems to be shorter . 
  i thought they had 3 months seasons to match the wcs seasons , did n't they ? 
  i will probably keep playing but based on stats many people reacted by quitting . 
  is that a good thing ? 
   that 's life , you do n't always get what you want . 
  sure but it makes sense to complain so blizzard may react . 
  i like your explanation a lot . 
  it is very funny how trying to fix the problem caused more problems . 
  just like when the state tries to `` fix '' the free market . 
  uhm ... we know because ... we clicked on the link and read the numbers . 
  but you do n't know how you compare to the community . 
  i do n't really but i can extrapolate from the percentage of unranked players i hit on the ladder . 
  certainly not half of the people on the ladder are unranked . 
  more like 10 % so no more than 10 % of this reduction has moved to unranked . 
  so how is it in your experience because i have a significant number of games that i can call it statistics . 
  iirc sjow played with 100apm and he is a pro , 
  i do n't see your logic here . 
  the stats clearly indicate a great drop in league percentages . 
  clearly if you moved from top 5 % to top 3 % you have improved greatly still you will be demoted even if you played your matches and all . 
  in addition players quitting the game from lower leagues makes it harder to be in the top percentage because the community has gotten smaller and the players who pushed statistics up dropped are no longer part of the ladder . 
  now to be honest i do n't know about 4 vs 4 but i really ca n't see how it can be imbalanced if you have 4 players to play different races . 
  just get your protoss player to mass the void rays and there you 've got it - balance . 
  i strongly disagree that the zerg + terran combo especially with this strat is unbeatable and i do know about 2 vs 2 . 
  for example it is pretty easy to beat that with 2xzerg going for speedlings . 
  various forge + wall openings will also beat it . 
  they do take it away if you are not very active player since you end up in bronze anyway . 
  not for me . 
  competitive games are in different category . 
  i play them for the competition more than for the actual game . 
  no they wo n't get back because someone decided to brutally slash the leagues . 
  also the mmr decay is much more severe than the actual skill decay of the players when they are inactive for a while . 
  i do n't know if it will be weird but safe for masters league all other percentages are off of the stated target . 
  can you tell me who avilo is . 
  the one home i did not get :(, 
   . net is an example of how fascism can lead to faster innovation than democracy . 
  or rather how focused work by competent people is better than the bureaucracy of the standards bodies . 
  no they did n't . 
  the vote passed through despite the protest vote and nothing was blocked . 
  while we can debate the usefulness of the query language i am absolutely certain it is not a mess since it barely affects other parts of the language . 
  you want to know what is a mess ? 
  look at java 's checked exceptions which affect practically everything . 
  lambdas with checked exceptions are so fun . 
  on the other hand one very important thing that is missing is from linq is the expression trees which enable quite powerful scenarios and greatly increase the use cases for linq . 
  i do n't really have an answer for you but several points, 
  the video is from 2012 . 
  i did not watch it now ( i watched it back then ) but i think he says that web sockets support does not really work because the web sockets support in signalr on the server depends on the . net web sockets support which in turns depend on the windows web sockets support in httpsys or something which was added in windows 8 and windows server 2012 r2 ( or something along this lines ) which maybe did not have official release at the time . 
  signalr does indeed fallback on long-polling as well as server-sent events or forever frame as options when web sockets is not present either on the server or on the client . 
  i have not used socket.io but i seem to recall that in socket.io you can get the list of clients on the server .
