  my qualifications are :, 
  diamond random player, 
  15 times masters ( probably wo n't be ever again ), 
  played * craft games competitively since warcraft ii, 
  willing to play in quake and street fighter tournaments if the company needs someone to fill the team, 
  8 years of c # programming experience . 
  ( probably not important but listed anyway ), 
  it would be cool if there was some way for smaller companies to team together . 
  i work at a 30 person company and there is no way i find more than 3 people ( very optimistic ) for a team . 
  since i read the story about mc chasing the thief who stole his wallet in paris i would bet on mc for physical strength , 
  well , there are tournaments where you enter by yourself if you do n't care about the team thing . 
  better have fragmentation between people who play different sets of maps than between people who play and people who do n't play the game . 
  i do n't know ... coming up with a name seems to be really hard these days - http://southpark.cc.com/full-episodes/s18e01-go-fund-yourself, 
  most people do n't but you are n't under the impression that people playing in the ahgl are all masters and above are you ? 
  i mean people in ahgl are not masters ( some are but most are not ) . 
  is it the first time this happened to you ? 
  some people never got over it . 
  the first time it happened to me was when i had to go to the army for a year ( was still mandatory around here at the time , not anymore ) . 
  when i was out i had to accept that i would never be as good relative to the rest of the community but i was quite young ( 20 ) and reasoned `` what are you gon na do , not play competitive games for the rest of your life ? '' . 
  started playing again and while i never got to the same level i did overcome the frustration . 
  then it happened again to me with warcraft iii and finally i was quite frustrated when blizzard changed the league distribution for masters half an year ago because after 15 seasons i was kicked out no because i played worse ( in fact i was in pretty good shape ) but because they decided to change the definition . 
  slowly starting to deal with this too . 
  i mean is this the first time you give up a game because you ca n't get back to the level you were ? 
  believe me i know the frustration since i have experienced more than once and seen many people stop playing for this reason . 
  however when i look back at it more than a decade after it happened to me for the first time i am happy i managed to overcome it ( i still get angry but i can manage it ), 
  so how do you program java without these patterns ? 
  i mean i know that you wo n't take a java job but many people would . 
  do you have a company or something and if not what value do you find in `` open source , good linux support , not affiliated with microsoft '', 
  i play like 10 hours per week most of these in the weekend . 
  i do watch tournaments . 
  i religiously follow the gsl via vods which i usually watch in the evenings after work and watch the others if i catch them live . 
  however i do play other games in these 10 hours besides starcraft . 
  for example i recently finished watch_dogs . 
  when i would play a single play title i usually do n't play starcraft for a couple of weeks . 
  i also manage to find some time for non-gaming related stuff . 
  i occasionally take a course on coursera for several weeks . 
  quite often that reduces my gaming time for the period . 
  what i mean to say is that the time spent on starcraft is quite uneven these days . 
  after he killed the mothership core and managed to save the hatch the game was decided . 
  the only reason to be worried was jd throwing the game away in an absurd manner . 
  on the other hand he is known for having done exactly this several times . 
  i do n't see the need for play by play comments . 
  why do i need to be told that hellions kill zerglings ? 
  it is on the screen anyway . 
  better explain the implications . 
  this weekend solar destroyed everything we love . 
  first he personally eliminates the two foreign hopes snute and bunny then he beats jd who now may drop out of top 16 and finally beats soo . 
  i am not sure i like the idea of putting this attribute which contains both a type and status code on every action . 
  it is just slightly better than try/catch that throws the appropriate httpresponseexception and the if is easier to understand . 
  i 'd rather have a global exception handler that converts each type to the status code and not bother decorating all the actions with attributes . 
  that is quite possible . 
  if that is my goal then i 'd rather put try/catch . 
  it is somehow less magical than attributes . 
  can someone explain why java still keeps the failed experiment known as checked exceptions around ? 
  it seems trivial to get rid of them and save a ton of trouble . 
  just treat every exception as runtime exception and ignore the throws clause . 
  because if he loses snute is out :(, 
  i personally do n't care if snute is replaced by another foreigner as long as our great nation of foreigners is represented . 
  btw i think snute chances are quite realistic . 
  pigbaby has to play bomber and bomber is currently on fire . 
  i think soo is better than innovation and all he has to do is overcome the second place curse . 
  forgg has to play a lot of tvts so he can get to the final but i do n't see him winning it . 
  so maybe there is still a chance ? 
  then why is snute still in it ? 
  how would removing checked exceptions ( by treating them as runtime exceptions ) break backward compatibility ? 
  actually i kind of dislike khaldor 's casting . 
  for some reason i have to focus more to follow what he says with his accent . 
  for some bizarre reason some other casters like tod have worse accent but i find them easier to follow . 
  on the other hand i enjoy his content a lot and it seems like if i knew him in real life i would like him a lot . 
  great ... screen freeze , i had to kill the game , then ca n't login again . 
  there is no purpose . 
  simple as that . 
  the only reason it is not a compile-time error is to let legacy code compile . 
  yes it does . 
  the problem outlined in the article is only the latest issue with checked exceptions . 
  the biggest problem with checked exceptions is that they encourage developers to write empty catch blocks more often than would be considered good . 
  very often you ca n't do anything about an exception but crash and you do n't want to polute all upper layers with the exception so another issue is that people just declare the method as throwing the most general exception and are done with it . 
  both these are counterproductive as they can hide unexpected errors . 
  most libraries these days wrap checked exceptions in runtime exceptions and this is how the problem is solved . 
  a feature that actively makes the codebases worse . 
  a feature that no other language has copied in 20 years . 
  a feature that most of the community dislikes . 
  i think you should explain this to the commenters who disagree with me , not to me , 
  you can but it does not automatically propagate into calling methods . 
  in fact i wonder why there is no tool that can dig the whole call hierarchy recursively and show all exceptions that a method can possibly throw . 
  also snute is out if inno wins . 
  it is interesting how many people did . 
  i upvoted but he is still in the negative , 
  but i guess soo wants a championship so badly that he may win anyway . 
  even if this happens at least i would be excited till the second round . 
  in addition snute strikes me as much more dedicated to the game at this point than naniwa was last year and he definitely can beat hyun, 
  interesting . 
  it seems like there are two kind of freeze now - the old one where the screen freezes but the game keeps on working and a new one that resumes after a while but the opponent is waiting for you ? 
  the match making bug ? 
  the fucking screen freezes !, 
  any other bugs , linux version , etc. 
  are so irrelevant to me ... 
  dota2 is not aaa ? 
  well pretty much sums why linux is still where it is . 
  people try it ca n't get something to work , leave and never come back .
