  the price is totally unreasonable even if it was not provoking bad code by all the people who you call inexperienced but are still writing production code and being paid for it . 
  mechanisms for which checked exceptions do not help at all . 
  please do n't, 
  i am so annoyed by this split . 
  i prepurchased the whole pack the day it was announced but i still have not played the first missions simply because i know i will want to play the rest but i will have to wait . 
  not that waiting for all three sets is very easy but i think it will be even harder had i played the first set . 
  what kind of biased reporting is this ? 
  clinton and trump get 45-40 % when gary johnson is not included but less when he is included . 
  he will be in the fucking elections what 's the use for numbers that exclude him ? 
  wtf ?!, 
  what are the top objections of your old-school republican family to voting for gary johnson ? 
  if i was running a company and you had a way to prove that i would hire you on the spot . 
  i have no doubt that you will learn again what you forgot and the thing you did proves you had the right mindset . 
  knowing what you can do i would just watch when you start playing lol in the office and then put you on the next task that needs automation until you start playing lol again . 
  i would love to see manual tasks be automated away in a way that nobody would need to touch them in years . 
  if you had played in a team you would be a pro now . 
  however that probably requires automating the work of 4 of your coworkers who like lol, 
  now i feel so bad for not being able to hit anything with hanzo ( and i am not particularly bad with other characters just hanzo ), 
  if linux fans focused their energy on improving linux , helping people install linux or even promoting linux instead of spending it all on hating microsoft maybe linux would have taken over the desktop world by now . 
  just curious why would you uninstall it even if you do n't use it ? 
  electron plugin . 
  nothing to see here . 
  move along . 
  the big 4 of thrash are actually tom araya , jeff hanneman , kerry king and dave lombardo . 
  i understand them . 
  if a dev on my team named things like the us named states and cities there would be a scandal . 
  from my perspective of a . net dev that would put all of java into java ee, 
  typescript vs babel is very good candidate for a study on static typing . 
  i am not aware of any other case with large codebases where the languages differ so little and the difference is typing . 
  i am willing to bet that typescript will manage to maintain its compatibility in the next 10 years . 
  however even if i am wrong this is a 0-risk assumption . 
  if typescript diverges and i do not want to use typescript anymore i just compile to es6/7/8 / 9 ( whenever the issue occurs ) take the resulting js files and continue to develop with them as if they were human written . 
  after all typescript produces totally clean js at least if you are using features that are present in the corresponding ecmascript version . 
  i 've been told that it does n't count because private property is still allowed . 
   1954 britain hung alan turing for being gay . 
  uhm ... no . 
  i think you are watching too much game of thrones . 
  in case you are interested in a long , potentially boring read with offtopic about my experience in dh2014 in spain . 
  - http://sietch.net/viewnewsitem.aspx?newsitemid=241, 
  i learn actively in topics that interest me regardless of whether i need them for work . 
  i jit the rest . 
  for example i took a coursera course on cryptography although it is borderline useless in my work and i jit-learn git because i find the topic boring despite the fact that it is much more needed skill at work . 
  so / r/politics is where commies gather ? 
  does the book require existing blockchain knowledge ? 
  also what level of cryptography knowledge does it require ? 
  great . 
  i will put it on my list and i hope to find the time ... 
  this is such bullshit ... 
  if gary johnson becomes president he should remove this so called rule, 
  i think the straisand effect is only strong on the internet . 
  do n't count on that . 
  i was about to ask how you deal with the clash of economic ideas between bernie and libertarians but you 've come to the right conclusions on your own . 
  btw in this particular case you do n't need to choose johnson over sanders simply because sanders is out and johnson is in . 
  i see . 
  i did n't realize it was a private thing . 
  what if instead of `` i 'm not comfortable sharing that information at this point '' i just go for `` i wo n't tell you because it makes my negotiation position worse '' ? 
  sounds like the advice in the article is very applicable to your case . 
  it seems like it works in general but not everyone interviews for companies that will fly them to the hq for an interview . 
  does anyone happen to know if working 4 days a week ( like 4x8hours ) is an option in the valley or wherever you work . 
  what percentage of salary do yo need to give up if this is an option at all . 
  i currently work 4 days a week and still have the full 20 days paid leave mandated by local law ( on documents i work 5 days a week ) . 
  i also have a good amount of free time on the job but to get that i have turned down an offer that is double my current salary at a company where i suspect i would have to work much harder and they simply refused to give me an offer for 4 day work week . 
  the position for the offer was software architect and while i do not use official titles at my current job i do fill roles of team lead , architect and senior dev in my current job for relatively small project ( up to 4 devs ), 
  i wonder if this requirement is so weird . 
  even companies that advertise `` flexible work hours '' seem to be stunned by it . 
  chrono boost was much more interesting but the larva bullshit was even worse than it is now . 
  i wish they scrap it altogether and invent a macro mechanic as interesting and yet simple to explain as chrono boost . 
  chrono ( the wol/hots variety ) is what macro mechanics should have been - something that forces you to make decisions on economy and not something to sink apm by repeating an obvious action . 
  reaper grenade is bearable but i really hope they remove tankivacs . 
  the tank was super interesting strategic unit that controlled territory and you had to judge where to put it . 
  where i live in bulgaria we have highly competitive isp market and fast and cheap internet due to lack of regulation . 
  people just create an isp and start putting cables on trees and electricity poles . 
  some cities banned these types of cables ( i.e. 
  regulated the industry ) and competition was reduced and bigger players started buying smaller players . 
  i realize the usa is different because there are rural places that are too far but i think the regulation on what it takes to lay cables and other regulations on the communication industry is what prevents competition in the us . 
  oh good . 
  i was worried the world was run by morons like obama and clinton . 
  knowing that it is run by businessmen is a relief . 
  yeah but injects are much more important than tumors and transfusions and you can get additional queens . 
  also with chrono and mules the punishment for not using the energy immediately is not nearly as severe, 
  licensing on the ms side is much more complicated than on the open source side where basically it is free and that 's it . 
  you need to provide more context to get answers for this . 
  assuming you are asking for a startup-like small company there is visual studio community and you can use 5 copies in your organization for free . 
  you need to buy windows licenses ( that may or may not come with the computers you buy ) . 
  there is also the bizspark program where you get more copies of visual studio and copies of windows and office for free . 
  so provided that you want to register on a bunch of side everything you need for development is free . 
  for the servers if we assume you are not using your own servers ( which really does not make sense for a small startup at least not initially ) standard hosting and cloud hosting is basically the same price . 
  now there may be a difference where say a lamp hosting costs $ 5 for the same parameters and windows costs $ 6 but if that difference is significant for you you 'd better look at your business model and evaluate if it is viable . 
  sql server is the most complicated . 
  you can use another database but it may be harder to find experienced . net devs with the chosen database or even know-how on the internet . 
  sql server express is free and has limitations on database size ( 10gb ) and ram ( ca n't remember ) and above that it is very expensive but more importantly it is very hard to judge what license you need . 
  note that the express limitations only matter if you are hosting on your own servers . 
  if you host in the cloud you pay per month and that is . 
  of course you will need different calculations if you are not in the startup/small company category but if you are there are no financial downsides to choosing . net only a bit of hassle to register and get the keys . 
  i remember the original post and the suggestion to make it a meme . 
  congratulations , you are part of internet history and if bitcoin becomes big probably will end up in history books . 
  yeah but this is quite a reasonable amount of db power . 
  if your product outgrows that you probably have the funds to buy more powerful edition . 
  i do n't know . 
  i am definitely opposed to including actions for the sake of actions and i think that every click should be a decision .
