  after all why would ms use the slower memory if it was the same ? 
  of course i am joking but still note that your explanation also involves the severe eu regulations , 
  was n't there a rumor that said ps4 for $ 399 and xbox for $ 499 . 
  the xbox part turned out to be true and considering that kinect could easily cost $ 100 it would make sense for sony to sell at $ 399, 
  this !, 
  if you agree with him why the hell will you buy a console at all let alone one from ms or sony . 
  to be honest the forza 5 presentation showed very interesting usage of the cloud . 
  it may turn out to be useful after all . 
  economics only suggest the price should come down if the optimal price point is lower and there is competition . 
  while i agree that we need people like him quoting him on gaming is absurd . 
  by definition we 've accepted to sacrifice many of the freedoms he talks about so why would we care about this particular one ? 
  last time i used openoffice ( was before libreoffice ) i was using it for my own stuff and did not any interoperability with ms office . 
  i finished the project and bought a copy of ms office the next week . 
  interestingly enough microsoft 's stance on used games might pave the way to testing new pricing models . 
  current $ 60 price depends on the ability to sell the game afterwards but what if some publisher goes for the steam model , bans used games and aggressively undercuts the price ? 
  but the breaking point is due to losing multiple freedoms not one particular . 
  why pick on that one ? 
  i do n't know ... the xbox has kinect . 
  it may seem strange but here in bulgaria everyone i know who owns xbox owns a kinect and excluding one person everyone else bought the console because of the kinect . 
  i know a more people that have ps but before the kinect very few people had an xbox around here . 
  the presence of kinect can easily offset the $ 100 especially for parents with younger children . 
  hmm i did n't know that . 
  thank you . 
  well ok . a decade ago when steam came to the scene i accepted that software is rented not bought so now i do n't really care about all the drama with the cloud and the always on requirement . 
  maybe other people have not accepted fate as i have , 
  it may be true if we only count the price of hardware . 
  yes but at the time sony were big and rich . 
  these days are long gone . 
  i would n't say i am backing the xbone but if i buy a new console it will be it . 
  the reason is simple - kinect . 
  the only reason i own a console now is kinect . 
  i never even considered buying a console before kinect and i would not consider buying a console without it . 
  mind you that i consider myself very hardcore even by / r/games standards . 
  i play starcraft competitively and go to tournaments . 
  i play other games on pc too . 
  for me the console is the casual platform anyway and the only thing that got me interested was the beautiful piece of technology called kinect . 
  that being said one should not support a company that acts stupid . 
  i do n't care about always on ( i have not been offline in the last decade ) , i do n't care about used games but come on ... this was such a stupid business decision . 
  if someone does business in a stupid way they should be thought a lesson ( vote with your wallet ) because they may screw the business even further . 
  btw sony did a what of shit ( screwing up psn security , suing console hackers , etc. ), 
  so i would not give them any money either . 
  that 's very interesting question . 
  if i were in ms shoes i would push the publishers to get lower prices if they want to block used games . 
  of course ms may get greedy and just cash in on the difference in the form of license fees and the game may still be $ 60, 
  well if you care about halo 5 you do n't have much of a choice anyway , 
  so basically working at microsoft is like working in all the small companies ( 5 to 100 people ) i 've worked at . 
  no documentation , no code reviews , no giving back to the public domain , copy/paste , low code quality , etc. 
  there is no option `` zerg '' for race so i clicked `` other '', 
  true but i have not seen a better culture ( i 've seen worse ) . 
  supposedly other cultures exist but what the blogpost describes seems to be the norm , no matter the size . 
  his text makes it sound like this is the culture of `` corporations '' and it is not . 
  it is just how most companies roll . 
  there are other `` corporate '' things that may be added to the culture . 
  for example in many of the companies i worked for relaxed environment was the norm and by relaxed environment i mean jokes between coworkers that i am perfectly sure will get one fired from microsoft . 
  while i agree with you i think what this really means is that he has not met anyone on the azure team who makes design or business decisions . 
  for example i can not believe that scott gu has not heard of heroku or rackspace so the obvious conclusion is that this guy has never met scott gu . 
  so for example he works in azure and his job is to make a web service which when called will spin-up a new virtual machine with the specified id . 
  how does this involve any business decision ? 
  wait !, 
  from all the things in the halo universe you are getting worried that the fact that master chief is not getting rest ridiculously unrealistic ? 
  did you have any other problems with halo 4 because i thought it was pretty good . 
  btw i played all the halo games ( except for halo wars ) for the first time in the past year and i was quite happy with halo 4 . 
  i think if i need to rank them it will be like this, 
  halo reach, 
  halo 1, 
  halo 4, 
  i base this strictly on the single player experience . 
  also i played halo anniversary for halo 1 and halo 2 for vista for halo 2 since i do n't own the original xbox and even if i did i would still prefer the graphics update for halo 1, 
  it is not a public service . 
  his manager told him the signature for the service , which is internal anyway . 
  he just has to write the code to spin up the vm . 
  this is my girlfriend . 
  i can not rule out the possibility that she works as p.r. 
  for microsoft and does not tell me however i can state with absolute certainty that she is not a guy . 
  so in order to know how to spin a vm with hyper-v or whatever he needs to know about heroku because that 's the business ... 
  did n't get the reference :(, 
  the storyline did suffer but this happens with all franchises when they explode and the world gets expanded . 
  it happened to star wars , prison break , starcraft , warcraft , halo ... you name it . 
  on the other hand the gameplay was cool - classic halo, 
  to be honest i play random but that would have ruined the joke . 
  on the other hand i really clicked `` other '' because starcraft race is the first thing that comes to mind when someone asks me about my race , 
  hmmm ... the language we built a compiler for in compilers course in university was called z #, 
  this is what i was thinking . 
  why does n't he count msdn as part of the documentation ? 
  it 's really no different in small scale companies either . 
  i 've evolved claws suitable for typing . 
  abathur designed us well . 
  my manager does . 
  he gives me a task and sets the requirements which may or may not be based on the competitors ' performance . 
  true but at least they have quality documentation for outside consumption . 
  it is obvious that this documentation helps them as well . 
  at one point i started looking at the fun side of things . 
  debugging and source code archeology are as challenging and fun as writing new code . 
  in addition it feels liberating not feeling guilty when writing bad code because the project is already full of bad code . 
  you fix it when it saves time ( sometimes it does save time to fix the bad code ) and you feel good about yourself and if you need to add more bad code you do n't worry much because it is not your fault . 
  i live much more happy life now . 
  but it documents some of the stuff they work on . 
  it is something and i ca n't say this for most places i 've worked at . 
  no they do n't . 
  this was extreme example but developers do n't need to know how the competition does things either .
