  interesting . 
  games and visual studio are the main things i use a computer for . 
  that and browsing the web which is pretty much the same experience on every platform except that on windows ultrabook i get touch which is great for browsing . 
  you can create query objects to reuse complex queries and business logic should go into service ( business ) layer objects not into the data access, 
  but what if that cryptography course prevents a single error that prevents an attack that would otherwise do great damage and cause us a month of work not to mention monetary and reputation damage ? 
  if people are paying this much for bootcamps online i can do it as a full time job and i would not need to scam anyone . 
  i 'd be rich anyway . 
  i am of course aware of this . 
  on the other hand i successfully avoid linux for a decade of professional development . 
  to be honest i once restarted a linux daemon and deployed a project ( copied a bunch of jars ) all via ssh which is more than the real world crypto code i have written . 
  i know but i do not appreciate this type of art and since i am asked to reproduce the paintings i prefer the cave drawings , 
  does anyone know if you can set the announcer only for specific race ? 
  for example i want to buy abathur but only use it when i play zerg . 
  i will be sad to see gsl go because i watch it religiously but i really do n't have the time for all the tournaments . 
  for example i could never make time for proleague, 
  i have taught a course in bulgaria but i did it mainly because of enthusiasm rather than money although i got paid and the course cost significant for bulgarian standards amount of money i just make more as a dev . 
  however if i can charge people in the us and teach them remotely i can provide far cheaper course for the us standards and make a lot of money for bulgarian standards . 
  this is why i find the remote option so interesting . 
  chances are you suck . 
  statistically most people in the world do suck  while there are studies that show reflexes and dexterity do decrease slightly after the mid 20s unless you play at the very top the reason for performance decline is probably that your motivation to play is much lower than when you were in your teens . 
  i am 33 and objectively i am not much slower than when i was competing in tournaments and was relatively good on a national level in my late teens . 
  i always was a slow player but my level of play now is lower than it used to be mainly because of job , not enough friends playing ( so i have to choose between friends and game where before i spent time with friends while playing ) and general laziness ( i tend to watch more than play ) . 
  however i will never stop playing competitively until my hands and brain work even if i am in the lowest league . 
  while i think that bw is slightly better than sc2 and probably equal to ft in strategic depth and fun i will never even try to play bw and ft and never did after sc2 was released . 
  the superior ui of sc2 and especially the `` play '' button that allows me to get into a game without endless negotiations on iccup sealed the deal for me . 
  i just do n't have the time and patience to deal with this . 
  at least now metzen is gone . 
  maybe we can hope for good storylines again ? 
  i am pretty sure they will . 
  unlike some foreigners ... 
  i think it makes sense to keep the team . 
  i mean now that everyone else has disbanded everyone who cares about sc2 will have just that team to watch . 
  money well-spent . 
  the disregard for tools not popular in the open source circles is disturbing . 
  where are raymond fucking chen , dave cutler , don syme and scott gu and why is n't eric meijer listed as the creator of reactive extensions ( only listed as haskell contributor ) if the person who started the java ** port ** gets a separate entry ? 
  i happen to be using ms products and know these names off the top of my head but i believe someone using oracle products will know other names . 
  trump has been suggesting a lot of welfare bullshit lately . 
  a republican who believes in small state and nap is a libertarian . 
   i 'm sure you think you 're a libertarian , but you 're not . 
  yeah , i will return my libertarian card in the nomorenicksleft office of libertarian certification and approval . 
  does n't make much sense to me . 
  if it is going to be available to purchase separately why was it advertised as ce item ? 
  40 years old masters is not impressive ... but terran !, 
  respect !, 
  this is news because she 's telling the truth , 
  as i see it economics is more important than social issues . 
  if you are free to trade you can and will eventually buy liberty . 
  i based that on history . 
  back in the mid centuries you needed to be born in a noble family to have any power . 
  then merchants and other tradesmen got rich and laws were invented that allowed them to buy titles a process which with time destroyed aristocracy . 
  well at least you get a chance to be free unlike the other option where you will be forever poor and will not be able to exercise any liberty except maybe abortion and drugs . 
  i never said it is not worth to have liberty i simply explained that economic liberty puts us closer to liberty than social liberty . 
  for a detailed statistical analysis of what most people feel gives them more freedom look at the title , 
  the others do not place high value on liberty . 
  i disagree . 
  i only want it to be team focused not `` fun '' . 
  `` fun '' usually means shit like randomness , leveling and similar bullshit . 
  no , thanks . 
  i do n't understand why people use ` use strict ' inside a function . 
  why would you ever not use it on top of a file ? 
  where did lady gaga said anything about johnson ? 
  why would you only do it for one function though ? 
  i mean either go through the whole file or follow the file convention and do not use it at all . 
  this is actually a good reason although i 've never seen a function created like this in real world code . 
  does n't minification strip use strict ? 
  i think they fixed the second monitor signout thing . 
  i find it absurd that various minification tools ca n't handle that . 
  what is more ` use strict ' seems useless on such a small scale . 
  i have to pollute my code with a lot of it and bugs that it prevents are usually not that hard to detect on function scale . 
  yeah and this is how it should be - one use strict for the whole app, 
  if you are google you can build a language and support it all by yourself . 
  it seems that for everyone else it is too late . 
  i guess i should start playing 1 vs 1 again . 
  seems like a good time to get back in masters , 
  a repository should be implemented with a unit of work or transactions become painful . 
  this will make the ef version look less complex compared to the other versions because it also has implementation of the uow pattern, 
  this is a fair view but then the discussion on insert/update is uninteresting . 
  more complex scenarios should be discussed to see how the interesting problems are solved . 
  great . 
  btw your ef examples for getting an item by id should use single or find rather than where ( ) . first ( ), 
  clarity is the main reason but single does actually change the sql being generated and the behavior . 
  in fact i would not expect the example in the article to work ( i think first only works after orderby ), 
  in what world is . net not a current stack but node is ? 
  it optimizes for async processing ( i 'd argue better than any other stack because of async/await ) , it has good performance ( faster than node ) , it has a good amount of functional features and it feels closer to something like haskell than js , it has a big and mature ecosystem , it works via xamarin and unity on mobile phones . 
  when people claim that it is somehow less `` relevant '' do they really mean that it does not break often enough to be non-boring ? 
  yeah but the semantic information that single provides to the reader and the kind of error checking involved is worth the marginal performance cost . 
  if i was a us voter i think there is a high chance this propaganda would turn me from a johnson voter into a trump voter at least in a swing state . 
  i 'd do it just to piss them off . 
  i do n't understand why you think johnsons qualifications matter . 
  i mean it is not like he has even a remote chance to win . 
  voting for johnson is a statement of support for the values he stands for ( i.e. 
  more or less libertarian values ) . 
  you do it to signal that you would support a more libertarian candidate if the major parties choose to nominate one or to break the two party system . 
  johnson 's qualities do not matter for this . 
  i may be downvoted for oblivion for this but i think nationally owned natural resources is not entirely at odds with libertarianism if you look it at specific angle . 
  the reason people own land and/or natural resources is because they took them by force . 
  there are rare exceptions like the colonization of the us where the land was essentially free and just needed people to settle in but in say europe all land was initially conquered and then given to land owners . 
  why would natural resources belong to someone if they were taken in violation of nap in the first place ? 
  just for the record i do not believe this just playing devil 's advocate and being somewhat open to the idea . 
  the state is bad manager but it can own the resources and rent them to private companies .
