  it gets worse . 
  at one point you wo n't be able to get quality treatment even if you have the money because the whole system will optimize for crappy , cheap treatment . 
  do you think we can see more powerful , free version of the ide . 
  ms is the only company that does not provide professional-grade free ide for their platform . 
  express is cool and can work for real world projects but if we compare express to eclipse , eclipse wins hands down . 
  why ? 
  what is wrong with vb.net ? 
  hmm i am quite happy with office , xbox and even windows phone and i liked halo 4 a lot . 
  i do n't think they are an exception . 
  interestingly i think it is all spa these days which makes both models obsolete . 
  rendering html on the server is so 2010 . 
  i am not on the web bandwagon as everyone else but sadly i need to take the ride since this is what customers want . 
  yeah ... it works perfectly for them does n't it ? 
  what is more ms and apple can not be called trolls since they produce actual products that use the patents . 
  of course you may go on calling everyone you do n't like a troll . 
   continued to push useful stuff into the free ide including profiling and testing . 
  what features should we push, 
  the number one on my list , and i am actually outraged and calling microsoft hypocrites in comments just because of it is portable class libraries support for all express editions . 
  when ms declares that you get all of the tooling for windows phone and windows 8 development for free and then proceeds to not include something as essential as portable class libraries i call this false advertising at best and flat out lie at worse . 
  i would also prefer to see just one express edition that combines the functionality of all express editions . 
  the current situation is that ms is trying to block professional development using the free version of the ide by creating artificial problems . 
  the right way would be to add something to the higher tier of vs. 
  yes , higher editions do have cool features that may or may not be worth the price but splitting express editions is done simply to block anyone who would want to use free vs professionally . 
  it would n't be so bad if this was not a competitive disadvantage to any other platform . 
  of course ultimately i would like to see extensions enabled in express editions but i do not dare dream of that . 
  some days i wish / r/programming was strict about that `` if it does not have code you should not post it here '' policy . 
  did anyone else notice how posts on top of this subreddit are usually the social/philosophical talk around programming and not about actual programming ? 
  seems like they get more upvotes not because they are more useful but because everyone has an opinion on the topic while most people do n't care about the new haskell shell or the node.js tools for visual studio and even actively downvote these threads . 
  still the vs example is about something much more useful , practical and with greater impact than this article with things everyone here knows because almost everyone reading / r/programming is somewhat experienced programmer and knows about recursion . 
  maybe but they are often dead . 
  on the other hand i should just stop reading obvious social stuff and blindly downvote it , 
  i read the comments and also all submissions assume that readers know what recursion is . 
  i directly admit that i do n't know . 
  yes although i do n't think i have heard this exact description . 
  i was just voicing my frustration . 
  do we as a community think this is the most useful and interesting programming topic of the past day ? 
  sadly you are right . 
  all i can do is downvote the drama and upvote the programming , 
  i never bm but i love bm when i win . 
  it makes my day when someone who just lost explains how much i suck at the game , 
  when the native language is objective-c i believe it will cost me 10 years worth of xamarin licenses to become more productive with it than with c # . 
  now java for android seems like very reasonable thing but objective-c ... no thanks . 
  i 'd rather take my chances with xamarin . 
  obligatory - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/betteridge%27s_law_of_headlines, 
   the . net community needs more frameworks driven by actors outside microsoft . 
  why ? 
  death to dead tree books , game boxes , plastic discs and the parasites that use them to leach money from the consumer !, 
  microsoft has officially said that they will not be selling at a loss while sony has said that they are going to make profit as soon as the customer buys a ps plus subscription which probably means a small loss but not as high as the reported $ 60 . 
  keep in mind that sony and ms may be getting much better prices on the parts than you can get on the normal market since they order extraordinary volumes . 
  why do we need more frameworks that do what wcf and webapi do ? 
  it would make sense if ms really could not provide everything but in this particular example it provided 2 choices . 
  monoculture has its virtues ( know-how , unified community , similar api style which makes it easier to learn new things , similar documentation style , unmatched integration across the whole stack ) and i am actually sad to see ms go in the other direction and become like `` almost every other platform and programming language out there '' . 
  we already have enough multicultural stacks . 
  i am proud to have a law named after my username  i ca n't wait for the wikipedia article , 
  so when was servicestack created and when did microsoft copy it ? 
  remind me again why do you use . net if you think it is inadequate ? 
  there are countless multiculture options out there . 
  they even run on windows . 
  the youtube video is cool but why does n't the demo work for me in neither ie nor firefox ? 
  not that i am so happy with java but it is certainly easier than objective-c, 
  they have a youtube video if they do n't support your browser . 
  i will edit my original comment to make more sense . 
  is it possible that my laptop integrated video ( intel something ) does not support the required extensions ? 
  yeah it turned out that i had old version . 
  this leaves the question about opera and ie , 
  i looked at the code and they are doing feature detection as they should . 
  it seems like some kind of webgl extension is not present on these browsers . 
  actually i fucking hate nhibernate . 
  i especially hate the fact that the linq provider barely ever works and i hate it when proponents try to defend the absurdly broken linq provider by saying that either linq is bad or that you do n't need that complex queries . 
  i am using 11 . 
  maybe you can debug it . 
  ie fails on the if because of an extension . 
  i have not seen the linq nhibernate provider work and i have never had significant problems with linq to sql or ef, 
  mine is 12.16 . 
  do i need to do something manually to get the new blink based version ? 
  why does not the auto update get a newer version ? 
  well ... this reminds me why i do n't use opera as primary browser . 
  why the hell did they think it was a good idea to stop updating at 12 ? 
  i thought the blink version was beta or something since the old one just claimed it is up to date . 
  well i used the linq apis and check the generated sql on complex queries . 
  to do any of the things you mentioned i drop to stored procedures . 
  interestingly when i worked with nhibernate i found myself wishing to drop to sps for complex stuff anyway and in fact this is what i think should be done with any orm . 
  also if the basic linq stuff does not work why would i use an orm at all ? 
  honestly if i am not insulted after winning at least one my playing day is ruined . 
  if they say something about cancer then it is a good day . 
  i used it like 2 years ago . 
  i do n't think it was exactly early days ... 
  ok but what is xmg ? 
  also bad angle ca n't see the screen, 
  how about if you could play with your friends against other people and their friends ... 
  i think that may be awesome !, 
  this . 
  they failed massively with this change and set a downward spiral . 
  people getting demoted for no reason , getting frustrated stop playing , percentages fall even more , more people get demoted , more frustration , more people quit ... 
  interestingly now you have to be mentally stronger when you take the hit , 
  it is actually worse since you feel like you are getting worse now even if you are improving . 
  i got placed in gold ( from masters ) after not playing for 2/3rds of the season, 
  i find it really funny how blizzard fucked up . 
  they intended to reduce the size of bronze league but instead they ended up with people placed in bronze league and never wanting to play again so bronze league is big now , 
  the maps are boring and almost the same ( as opposed to `` absolutely the same '' at the end of wol ) .
