  this attitude is also present in sc2 where we tend to admire completely braindead skills like stutter-step or marine splitting against banelings . 
  that being said i can give you some reasons why sc1 is slightly better game strategically . 
  - the units do not cluster up which discourages deathballs and encourages large fronts of attack or attack at multiple places, 
  - the game is slower and that actually means you can micro more . 
  specifically it is easier to attack on more fronts because you have time to check the units on more than one place . 
  the units also do not run ahead so fast that they die before you have a chance to save them . 
  these points make it so that sc1 plays more strategically and feels like a game where you fight for territory . 
  you just spread around the map and conquer stuff and try to recapture territory either with systematic pushes or with harass squads . 
  i wish there was a starcraft game that combined sc2 's ui with the sc1-style strategic gameplay but until such a game exist i prefer sc2 . 
  sc2 is slightly less deep strategically but sc1 is infinitely more annoying mechanically . 
  since sc2 was released i have been on the opinion that if it was 10 % slower in game speed it would have been much better game with everything else the same . 
  i do n't think it is the pathfinding that produces the effects you describe . 
  it is how units take up space . 
  you could have better pathfinding and units that still do n't bunch up and therefore produce larger battles and emphasis on positioning . 
  i have general opinion from years in the gaming community and you have general opinion from years in the gaming community but i also have a poll , 
  they would be less of course even if one person buys it for skins they would still be less . 
  but how much less ? 
  and do they risk alienating players and reducing the player base in the future when players leave the game more than they would otherwise do ? 
  also what if instead of `` disable skins '' they made `` force enemy skin '' option that allowed you to chose skins for opponents . 
  can you provide any data that this would not result in more sales ? 
  suggestion :, 
  instead of `` disable skins '' option add `` force opponent skin option '' which allows you to choose opponent skins from the ones you bought . 
  see if it does not increase skin sales when people start buying skins for other races . 
  or learning to play another game . 
  you wo n't invest your time as a newbie  sc : r is nostalgia driven game . 
  i never buy nostalgia despite the fact that my sc years were the best years of my life but i am glad that remastered was released . 
  some day i will play the single player with my daughter to show her what her father did for a decade , 
  and btw with some patch they realized what you are saying and implemented an option to see the minimap in the lobby by hovering on the map info . 
  probably was too hard to implement ingame . 
  i always thought that people who cried for microtransactions were idiots . 
  the warchest is the last of my money that starcraft gets and i may have spent about a thousand dollars directly on the game . 
  i tend to buy the game for friends and coworkers when they mention that they want to try it . 
  and as a matter of fact , yes i prefer less tournaments and a disable skin button . 
  it is more important to me how i experience the game than how many hours of streams i get to watch ( i ca n't manage to watch all the tournaments we have anyway ), 
  how would you feel about an option `` force enemy skins '' which would allow you to choose the opponent skin ? 
  you can get your visual diversity without annoying me . 
  i do n't mind blizzard making money on skins . 
  i 'd buy each and every skin if there was an option to disable skins, 
  announcers , single player campaign , skins to look at for themselves , skins to use for the opponent , commanders . 
  why chase away even more players . 
  what is more important milking the game or preserving the playerbase ? 
  ok let me get this straight - the poll is silly because of the small sample size but people who just `` know '' that most people buy skins to annoy the opponent are certainly correct and their statement are scientific fact ? 
  if empirical data about making the skins invisible exists please provide a link . 
  sure . 
  and you have spoken to all of them ? 
  so your main motivation to buy skins is to annoy others ? 
  because players who are not annoyed would not use the option . 
  of course the number of people leaving the game would not be significant . 
  as a matter of fact people playing the game who do not buy things are just a cost . 
  better to get rid of them so blizzard can operate less servers . 
  this is what we call milking the game . 
  i am not interested in the skins . 
  i want to support the game but i ca n't support making it worse . 
  yes . 
  too little too late for me i guess . 
  new players come from tournaments ? 
  harass will be easier to counter but i feel like sc2 could benefit from less harass . 
  sc1 has a good amount of harass but still less than sc2, 
  yeah except that i meant `` easier '' not `` hard to counter '' , 
  you most definitely are wrong here . 
  now the vulture harass is one that i like . 
  it is space based . 
  it is part of controlling space . 
  this type of harass is done in sc2 too with mineral-dump units - zealots , hellions and zerglings however it is not as important as in sc1 because in sc2 there are so many other types of harass based on drops and air units ( baneling drops , burrowed roach sneak-ins , warp prism zealot warp-ins , oracle harass , muta harass , phoenix harass and terran is basically all about dropping with medivacs ), 
  so we put it here on reddit first and generate some downloads , 
  the 2tb hdd on my old spare machine is also ready . 
  as a matter of fact i have both the segwit and the cash chain on this hdd and can not fathom how anyone could think hard drive space would be a problem . 
  yes but by not allowing me to disable skins they push me out of other reasons to support them . 
  yes but you also claimed that `` main appeal '' of skins is that they ca n't be turned off . 
  i interpret that as `` most sales will be lost '' i think the impact on sales will be no more than 30 % in the worst case . 
  i do n't know how validation times are calculated but bandwidth is certainly not a problem and sending 8mb takes like a second in any reasonable connection and even if the connection is unreasonable it takes 10 seconds . 
  big deal !, 
  unless you want to run a node on your phone i do n't see how these could be an issue . 
  initial sync is already extremely slow so you either wait for a week , download the chain from a side channel or invent a method to cut it from a checkpoint in the future . 
  i will try this on my spare account . 
  well 10 % of the nodes are quite a lot of nodes . 
  are you telling me that the other nodes are not relaying because of block size ? 
  maybe they can make units build faster from gateways but not from warp gates, 
  i agree with the general sentiment but i 'd rather have supply depots that do not sink than once which do not wall off fully . 
  seems like shield recharge range should be increased or map design may become constraint because the natural entrance should be put close to the nexus location . 
  also needed for holding pushes on one base on the ramp . 
  also i 'd really like to see the templar lose the attack ability . 
  it goes against the spirit of the unit that we know for 2 decades, 
  he never owned any btc to begin with , 
  the original chronoboost was by far the best macro mechanic . 
  i was really sad when they removed it . 
  i hope they keep it like it is now . 
  using a macro mechanic should not be a blind apm dump ( fuck larva inject really ! ), 
  but a decision a player has to make . 
  i think this is one of the changes that will fail and will be reverted . 
  this is not even released , 
  this one is not important to the game but annoys me to no end . 
  it ruins the unit character that we 're used to for 2 decades . 
  i do n't see widow mines used much after this change . 
  in fact i 'd rather see the unit removed . 
  supposedly stalkers will be more effective . 
  i just hope they increase the recharge range because otherwise maps will have ramps close to the minerals to allow protoss to defend the wall . 
  do people really keep their templars in the main group ? 
  i always have them grouped separately . 
  do you keep them in the main group ?
