  what do i have to lose ? 
  reminds me of my gf playing zvt in gold league and going fairly standard strategy of muta/ling/baneling . 
  after a while she was winning the game and had enough mutas to wipe the terran so he says something like :, 
  `` massing mutas like a pro ? 
  i hope you are having fun . '', 
  i think this is totally unique insult - calling someone a pro . 
  \u041e\u041a if i was in korea and i was masters ... 
  btw do i need to be masters on the korean server or any masters will do ? 
  and you were the only one who fall for it , 
  i have a feeling that if he assumes opponent is afk and 4 gates he 'll still lose ( assuming no scouting and no wall ), 
  i do n't know it looks like it will arrive on time for 10 pool which can still do a lot of damage especially if the opponent is not expecting it . 
  in my opinion hacking in games is a mental illness . 
  i 've tried and can not see a single reason one would hack . 
  you ca n't take pride in your achievement because you know you are hacking . 
  in addition this one can not even get respect from people who do n't know he is hacking because his name is fucking barcode . 
  you need 200 for pool and you save 150 from the 3 drones you do n't build so it should be the same timing, 
  there is this game called armed ( http://armedgame.com ) which in my opinion is the best mobile game ever ( very starcrafty ) . 
  when cheaters appeared the devs had the brilliant idea to put known cheaters in a separate ladder pool where they play against other cheaters . 
  i do n't know if they really implemented it but i hope blizzard implements it and then adds spectator mode so we can all watch how hackers play each other and rage accusing each other of hacking . 
  i never complain when i lose though sometimes i rage to myself for playing bad, 
  and if it was cheese then what ? 
  strip the guy of his win for not playing honorable strategy ? 
  this is what i often do but in fairness this is just defensive cheese , 
  of course i do n't mind cheese . 
  i actually enjoy watching , playing and playing against cheese . 
  link ? 
  i played in many local and low level tournaments always as random . 
  gsl also had several random players . 
  yes . 
  especially since he explains what `` scrub '' means and people often accuse the opponent who won with a cheese strategy of being a `` scrub '' which ironically makes them scrubs . 
  i do n't know . 
  ask idra  i am pretty happy to cheese and be cheesed . 
  you must be new to the internet , 
  oh come on !, 
  people invent much worse insults when playing football ( and i refuse to call it soccer ) in the neighborhood . 
  let alone that there are the people who go and fight with the other team 's fans . 
  you forgot the quotes on `` honor '' , 
  for me it happens due to overreliance on spellcheck . 
  if there is no red underlining then the text must be fine right ? 
  of course these days i can always use the fact that english is not my native language as an excuse . 
  this excuse would n't work with my english teacher back in the days though , 
  so you think this gm guy is 12 years old ? 
  i am pointing out that football is accepted as sport even though its player/fan base is much worse than starcraft . 
  i doubt that several insults are what will stop sc from becoming established sport . 
  then i guess this is most of the internet at least in terms of number of people . 
  good job !, 
  dev should add the current symbol highlight . 
  also the cells easily count over one byte which will break many existing bf programs . 
  i was never brave enough to post my brainfuck for windows phone interpreter as a direct post but i will still spam other people 's brainfuck topics with links, 
  bf for wp in the windows phone marketplace - http://www.windowsphone.com/en-us/store/app/bf-for-wp/e6237950-dc39-45d6-ba3b-853d8caa5412, 
  bf for wp source code - http://bfforwp.codeplex.com/, 
  bf for wp postmortem articles ( these are more about windows phone development than brainfuck ) - http://sietch.net/viewnewsitem.aspx?newsitemid=195, 
  css as a concept is very good and superior to xaml styles . 
  correct me if i am wrong but xaml styles do not have cascading . 
  it is the quirks ( i.e. 
  no center ) that make it suck . 
  frankly i still prefer css to xaml styles even with its quirks . 
  i feel like css is the most robust idea in web development . 
  nope i mean cascading in the sense that if you set the style of a parent via some class its children assume that style without it being explicitly set . 
  btw i like it how styles in xaml are statically typed . 
  there is some confusion here . 
  css may suck at layout but styles in xaml are usually not responsible for layout . 
  xaml is design as an application ui language and not as a document format . 
  therefore xaml does not aim to be semantically correct and is quite happy to take responsibility for layout . 
  styles in xaml are usually use for colors , font sizes , etc. 
  oh i 'm all for xaml and i can point to many other advantages but the styling engine is one of the few areas where in my opinion the web tech wins . 
  btw the comment on the original article you linked is mine . 
  yeah . 
  like every single thing that was invented in the first 10 years of the web , 
  seems like i 've watched them at the same occasions that you did , 
  in lower leagues you really should overreact then tweak it from there, 
  i was wondering what the font was meant to say . 
  yes . 
  they work for what they call single abstract method types . 
  the lambda is mapped to the single method . 
  c # has broken compatibility for very few things between version 1 and version 2 and they were absolute corner cases . 
  i am sure you ca n't point to a single compatibility thing they have broken without googling . 
  in addition they do break compatibility for these kind of corner cases these days . 
  and finally . net fixes apis the same way java does - deprecates the old ones and introduces new ones . 
  the equivalent to linq to objects will come as the stream api . 
  no query syntax at this point . 
  they help with cases where you need to work with low-level byte operations . 
  for example if you have a network protocol or something . 
  agreed . 
  however expression tree support does matter . 
  also checked exceptions get in the way of lambda stuff ( they get in the way of everything but it is especially annoying with lambdas ) . 
  i do n't understand why they have not removed them from the language yet . 
  this is not called `` breaking compatibility '' this is called `` requires new version '' . 
  `` breaking compatibility '' is when code that used to work no longer works with the new version . 
  in addition java also `` breaks compatibility '' by your definition some things in java do require new vm and they even introduced a new instruction in java 7 . 
  what is the problem ? 
  the compiler just stops checking for checked exceptions and they are gone . 
  the only difference between runtime exceptions and checked exceptions is that checked exceptions are ... checked . 
  i have a lot of friends who are professional java developers and none of them worked on a browser plugin ever . 
  mark reinhold has mentioned checked exceptions as one of his targets for improvement for future java versions although i am not exactly sure what he means . 
  even more interesting he mentions visual source safe  also i wonder what is this better version control that works for java but does not work for . net ... 
  in the words of the great tychus findlay : `` hell , it 's about time ! '', 
  so what ? 
  this is the right way to do it and they keep doing it with . net ( it was not only between 1 and 2 ), 
  well we 've come to the real reason why java moves so slow - no centralized control and most recently design by committee .
