  what if they swallow estonia whole without killing anybody ? 
  i know what independent means but is n't this the default . 
  i mean what is the difference between registered independent and unregistered independent ? 
  in mine too . 
  we 're split like 50/50 or maybe 60/40 in favor of the west . 
  interestsngly rusophilia vs rusophobia has been a dividing line for bulgaria since the 19th century before the whole communist thing, 
  i would argue that the mess the us made in the middle east is fundamentally different from defending europe . 
  yes , i am the first to admit that you are subsidizing us but the reasons you do so are very very different from the reasons you go to war in the middle east, 
  maybe this comment articulates my question better . 
  so does a us libertarian want the us to maintain leadership of nato at the expense of subsidizing other members ? 
  as a country we shift sides often too but the population has always been divided ( except maybe in communist times when the most prominent anti-russia people were simply killed which made the others shut up ) . 
  if i recall correctly the early parliaments after liberation from the ottoman empire was literally split along the lines of pro/anti-russia instead of left/right or something . 
  so what about serbia ? 
  it seems very strange that you often seem pro-russia but still move towards the west ( eu membership and all ) ? 
  in this sense yes , but they may want to reevaluate that deal and require that each country spends the same percentage of their budget on military . 
  so `` registered '' refers to voting but you can also choose a party . 
  so what is the significance of choosing ( or not ) a party when registering ? 
  according to scott hanselman this is an alpha release . 
  powershell is also used with . net libraries and tools that need to automate tasks . 
  that will be important to make . net core libraries delivered through nuget work seamlessly on linux . 
  i have near zero experience with both bash and powershell but looking at a couple tutorials for both i ca n't understand how any dev can prefer bash to powershell . 
  strings vs objects , cryptic 2 letter arguments vs full readable names for commands . 
  maybe it is different for system administrators but as a developer powershell makes infinitely more sense . 
  in powershell you also pipe things through small tools ( commandlets ) the difference is that the things are objects and not strings, 
  sure but the point is that i usually want to use objects . 
  with bash i do n't get that option . 
  well no . 
  that 's like saying that there is no need to fix a bug in the library because users can just override stuff . 
  let alone that in some cases the author may be blocked from fixing bugs because his open implementation means that fixing the bug can break people who overrode stuff . 
  that 's an argument for using only libraries that you have the source for , not for breaking encapsulation . 
  some of them are to be removed , 
  i would n't say that you are a libertarian . 
  now you may be more libertarian than hillary 's democrats but reading your description of your political views you 're hardly a libertarian . 
  of course being a libertarian is not a boolean value . 
  you may hold libertarian view on one issue and completely opposing views on another . 
  there are a lot of info about what libertarianism is ( look at the faq on the side bar ) but for me it is simple - libertarian is what they taught me as a kid . 
  what i built , painted , etc. 
  or got from my parents is mine and i can trade it for something else or give it to the people i like to play with and not give it to the people i do n't like without explaining why . 
  at the same time i ca n't just take other kids ' stuff just because i can beat them or because a few of us can team up and beat them . 
  much later i learned that these views are called libertarian . 
  of course the that the question is who will pay for it . 
  it is not like you can just ignore this question as it is the single biggest issue with healthcare . 
  healthcare is expensive because it is scarce . 
  doctors study long years and the technology required takes a lot of time and trained people to build . 
  no matter what you do people will die of curable diseases . 
  even if we can afford to cure everyone of certain disease today then we have just moved to the next frontier - a more complex disease that we just found out that we can cure and have low capacity to do so . 
  face it - we will always have to choose who dies and who lives . 
  how will we choose ? 
  i say - whoever pays more lives . 
  i also think that this is the best for society as a whole because this is the way to stimulate more people to get involved in solving the problem . 
  the artificial increase is due to regulation and subsidizing healthcare . 
  so if payment for treatment is immoral how do we determine who gets the treatment ? 
  i assume you do not really think everyone should get the same treatment because that would mean letting everyone die even if we can cure half the ill . 
  as i already explained that there is always a disease for which based on the available resources it is possible to treat some people but not all people . 
  do you disagree with this statement ? 
  if such a disease exists it is impossible to give everyone the same treatment unless we let everyone die . 
  what do we do if we have some supplies and resources but not enough for everyone . 
  what do we do ? 
  shortages of medicine is not really an issue but shortages of skilled personal and medical equipment is . 
  priority lists are the socialists solution and they suck . 
  we already have a method for valuing contribution to society - money . 
  the reason money exist is so that people could measure how much they owed one another . 
  but say we reject money . 
  why do we stop with healthcare ? 
  why not do the same for cars ? 
  homes ? 
  as a matter of fact i grew up in a communist country and these types of lists are precisely what they did for cars and homes . 
  everybody could afford a car you were just on the waiting list for 5-10 years . 
  same with apartments - one for everybody just wait 15 years - of course if you have kids you are a priority so you get one in 10 years . 
  strange how more people can get homes and cars now despite using those unfair money . 
  of course people who trade stocks contribute to society . 
  they provide liquidity and information to the market and they are rewarded for this . 
  they are rewarded for better distributing resources in the economy and taking on part of the risk . 
  so if money is not the best ( if not universal ) measure for contribution to society then what is ? 
  the lists some government employee makes based on criteria by policy makers ? 
  they surely know better . 
  what could go wrong , 
  when i am talking about these lists i am not talking about bigger , fancier house . 
  i am talking about having a house at all ( i.e. 
  not living with your spouse and 2 kids in one room ), 
  i do n't get the idea ? 
  how does my vote help ? 
  so this subreddit is now obsolete since there is an official one ? 
  i taught a course at one point . 
  it was a hundred hours . 
  it included a team windows forms project with source control ranging from network chat to hangman game depending on the level of each student . 
  that is barely enough for beginners and only the best are good enough to get an intern position . 
  i simply do n't understand the point of these 10 hour courses unless you already have experience with other languages and you want to learn c # . 
  automapper is one of the strangest things for me . 
  i evaluated it for a couple of projects and rejected it based on gut feeling . 
  in the past two months i am working on a project where other people picked the architecture and it is using automapper heavily . 
  interestingly this project validates all my concerns with automapper . 
  i can sum up the problem to this :, 
  mapping one type of dto to another is a lot of typing but not a lot of actual work . 
  most of the time spent in development is not typing but figuring out why something does n't work . 
  with automapper you are trading the non-existent problem of typing for the problem of figuring out how something works . 
  when am does n't map as you expect you end up digging around and waste so much time that you can probably type all the mappings in the project by hand faster . 
  i am not saying that you should expose your entities . 
  i am saying that it is more practical to do the copying by hand . 
  just type,
