  then came xhtml and it is now replaced by html5 . 
  what 's the next meaningless thing we 'll call the same old html ? 
  and just like java the longer they wait to add generic the more damage they will do creating absurd amounts of legacy non-generic code that will need to be interfaced with later on . 
  oh ... why is this correct ? 
  ok but why does n't assigning string to int produce an error . 
  i would understand if they were assigning to var or something but it is specifically an int . 
  but what is it useful for then ? 
  i always imagined that in dart types were optional but enforced if they were written . 
  can we get a comparison for the total number of active ( placed ) players in the same period of last season ? 
  the few , the proud , the hated , 
  to please people who want challenging league they should introduce a new league . 
  relative ( percentage based ) stats should never change in such a drastic way because, 
  it is demotivating for the players who get demoted despite keeping the same skill level . 
  it breaks the common knowledge about the leagues . 
  if you tell someone you are diamond now you need to explain that this is actually masters from the time he used to play . 
  basically all the reasons for leagues to exist disappear if you demote people who keep the relative skill level . 
  leagues exist for 2 reasons - motivate players by creating a sense of achievement and easier communication of skill level . 
  if you change the percentages you break both and leagues become useless and even have negative value and we 'd better get back to a single warcraft iii style ladder . 
  league distribution works the same for everyone who plays now . 
  it did not work the same for people who played an year ago . 
  my perfect masters streak since the very first ladder season is now gone forever :(, 
  ok let me take this discussion to the beginning because i think we have axiomatic differences . 
  in your opinion what is the reason we have leagues at all instead of a single rank list ? 
  i 'd think of a way to remove the stutter step micro from the marines and then buff the marines themselves in some way . 
  this way they will buff terran in lower leagues without buffing it on pro level . 
  in addition i find the stutter step micro one of the most boring and mindless things to watch and execute . 
  basically what you want is your armies to move while shooting but to do this you have to provide insane amount of micro . 
  this is not strategy , tactics or mind games this is just boring muscle memory and i am not impressed by people who can perform it nor do i want to learn it . 
  sadly the game requires that i do this if i want to get into the interesting stuff . 
  sure but this is more of a result of the goal than the actual goal . 
  blizzard have said multiple times that the goal of the leagues and divisions is to create a sense of progress . 
  the idea is to motivate people to play more . 
  in my opinion the best insight of this strategy comes from this blog post from sirlin about his interview for the position of managing the ladder for starcraft ii - http://www.sirlin.net/blog/2010/7/24/analyzing-starcraft-2s-ranking-system.html, 
  we may say that comparing relative skill level of the players is a secondary goal . 
  it is easier to communicate that you are in plat than saying `` i 'm in a position 5000 '' because supposedly that would work over time . 
  what really matters in an achievement is how you did compared to the rest who were trying so it is useful to have a way to compare our current achievements to that of people who played 2 years ago despite the fact that the same league would obviously mean higher absolute skill level than before . 
  now i may know more math than pythagoras ever did but his achievements in math are still greater so this is why we care about relative ranks . 
  note that it should be obvious that except for gm league absolute comparison of skill was never a goal for the ladder because certainly leagues and divisions are a bad way to do it compared to direct rank list . 
  if we agree that these are the goals of the leagues then the current situation is failure on all possible accounts . 
  first of all practically everyone gets demoted and a great number of people get demotivated . 
  this directly contradicts the main goal of the leagues therefore is a total failure on blizzard 's side . 
  even the secondary goal is affected since now we ca n't compare our relative ranking now to our ( or other people ) relative ranking in the past . 
  now this is complete failure . 
  maybe you are right that there should be elite league with 2 % of the players but since masters never was 2 % it should not be changed . 
  if this is so desirable a new league should be introduced from the top so that no one gets demoted and relative ranking does not change . 
  if you want bronze to be 40 % - well you are out of luck you 'd better not change that after 3 years since it will do more damage even if 40 % bronze is ultimately better . 
  first of all if you do n't need something to hide the reality why do you care about leagues anyway ? 
  also you may not care about leagues but some players are certainly demotivated . 
  do you care about the size of the sc2 community ? 
  is it worth alienating people just so we get higher leagues with small percentages ? 
  since you seem to be familiar with the original story can you give us a tl ; dr ; version . 
  i actually tried to read incontrol 's post but it was already deleted . 
  i also do n't know what the show he was kicked from is about . 
  wtf ?!?!? 
  so first of all they have a show where they play d&d and people watch it . 
  as if this is not stupid enough they produce that kind of drama for something that was said while role playing ... 
  / / facepalm, 
  btw is this livinpink girl famous or something ? 
  i thought i watched too much starcraft and read too much / r/starcraft but i never heard of her . 
  she even has a liquipedia page . 
  we are not debating the growth to 7 + % . 
  this was in the past , it was for fairly short time ( a couple of seasons if i recall correctly ) and it is fixed . 
  but the masters league was never at 2 % . 
  it was always between 4 and 5 % . 
  let alone that we are not talking only about masters here . 
  we 've got diamond and plat with even more severe problems . 
  the issue may be forgotten but some players will go with it . 
  also you will always have to explain to your friends that used to play that you are now in league x but this is really x + 2 from the old times . 
  btw i do n't know why blizzard based their algorithm on anything other than percentages . 
  it seems remarkably stupid decision to aim for percentages using other values . 
  that seems very strange . 
  why not simply enforce the types compile time if they are written anyway ? 
  just wait till mc starts writing blog posts ... 
  i actually think blizzard should revert the infestor nerf ... the one on neural parasite specifically, 
  i am 100 % sure there are people out there who claim that cs : go is a bad game for precisely because someone beat somebody else . 
  in fact i have heard this exact argument for cs : source ( now i know that cs : source had other significant differences like the hitbox for example but this is not what the person i talked to pointed out ), 
  no , no , no !, 
  this is completely wrong . 
  we do n't want him writing in korean and then being translated . 
  we want him to write english the way he speaks , 
  that has nothing to do with the actual argument , 
  maybe you do n't care about leagues and telling stuff to people but some people do . 
  for example to my extreme surprise i discovered some time ago that i do care . 
  interestingly enough i am certain i was n't like that before but blizzard trained me to with their ladder . 
  as for the algorithm they may make it so you jump up a league when you cross 4 % and drop down when you cross 5 % . 
  same as mmr . 
  they can set mmr boundaries corresponding to percentages and update them nightly or something, 
  btw while we can definitely agree to disagree what are the objections to introducing a new league at the top with 1-2 % of players while keeping masters at 4-5 % from your point of view, 
  not really . 
  it will be the bottom half of masters so still in the same percentage range . 
  you know how people always claim they are in the top 10 if they are in position 9 or 10 . 
  if they are in position 5 they would claim top 5 , 
  i am so split between white-ra and mc . 
   i 'm not kidding about any of this . 
  i ca n't sleep anymore . 
  i think it may be game over . 
  i on the other hand sleep quite well . 
  yeah and the encryption keys would never be found ... 
  i thought it is an advertisement paid article but how the hell did he get paid from all 12 vendors ? 
  so he defaulted to a linkedlist ?
