  yeah as if they care about apps if they ca n't get a cut . 
  i was talking about . net devs not windows desktop devs . 
   back your claim and i 'll believe it . 
  http://www.tiobe.com/tiobe_index - c # alone ( without vb.net ) higher percentage than objective-c and swift combined . 
  https://github.com/blog/2047-language-trends-on-github github - c # passed objective c as soon as ms moved their open source projects to github . 
  still codeplex hosts most of the c # open source code so github is probably worst case for c #, 
  http://pypl.github.io/pypl.html - another index related to search for tutorials, 
  most popular languages on stack overflow - http://www.r-bloggers.com/the-most-popular-programming-languages-on-stackoverflow/, 
  but the apps running on windows desktop does not mean anything for windows phone . 
  they either run on windows phone or they do n't . 
  running on the desktop does not increase their value to a windows phone user . 
  microsoft does not sell the windows phone os and as it seems they do n't want to sell actual phones either . 
  my point is that it is easier to pay users than it is to pay devs to create more apps . 
  i mean the devs did create a lot of apps . 
  they can pay for even more but these apps get abandoned in months so effectively the situation does not get better . 
  they can go on like this increasing the number of apps in the store that do not work and it will not improve the app situation . 
  if they somehow pay users to use the phone ( for example by making the phone cheap which is effectively paying users to use it ) the devs will maintain their apps . 
  there is a word for for-profit companies who care about anything else than what will bring them more money ( long term of course ) . 
  the word is - scam . 
  a for-profit company that does not try to make the greatest amount of money is effectively stealing from its shareholders . 
  sure that 'll be great but in the context of this discussion your suggestion only supports their decision to kill the android bridge and people tried to make the point that killing it was a mistake . 
  in my experience the first party apps are actually worse because they get abandoned . 
  microsoft pays the company to build the app or build it for them and then it is up to the company to keep it alive . 
  the apps are good when published and then they never get updated while the platform moves forward and features of the existing app stop working . 
  hell even i have been guilty of this with apps i personally support ( and i am a windows phone user and like the actual os a lot ) . 
  i simply do n't have incentive because the users are not enough to generate revenue . 
  i was talking about german ( i.e. 
  ios ) . 
  ios has much more success with much less developers . 
  obviously the amount of devs is enough and something else is preventing app success for windows phone . 
  greatest comment in this thread !, 
  uhmmm ... no . 
  i mean visual studio and starcraft ii run on my desktop but i do n't think it is easy to get them to work on my phone . 
  also windows desktop does not have a problem with lack of applications . 
  i claim that there is no value in android apps working on windows desktop because there are good win32 apps that fill all needs therefore it is enough for android apps to be windows store only . 
  oh they are very desperate and they try more and more stupid things . 
  the best they could have done was poor money until they get to 10 % market share like they did with xbox . 
  too bad the indian guy does n't have the balls for that :( now they are waiting for a miracle . 
  now miracles do happen in it ( who knows maybe hololens will be that miracle ) but it is a stupid strategy . 
  you will have to explain what 's the relation with the mame project . 
  i do n't know what your criteria for a good player is . 
  the default works well for me but i do n't have high requirements . 
  also there is vlc which is the gold standard for video players and a lot of people use it for music . 
  google basically told them to die in a fire in a more polite way since ms added ads and then google demanded ms use web tech to build the app because fuck you that 's why . 
  the tinder situation seems to be relatively ok due to third parties . 
  the snapchat situation is impossible to improve since as it seems it is the boss of snapchat just hating ms and no amount of android support will make the situation better ( reports say they are actively chasing third party wp client authors with lawyers ) . 
  to be honest i did n't consider tinder and snapchat . 
  seems i am too old for them . 
  i was thinking about facebook and twitter which are quite ok . 
  the reddit clients are also of good quality . 
  i am not sure about games . 
  games were a problem up until windows phone 8.1 but after that there is no technical reason not to get games . 
  however after windows phone 8.1 nadella killed all flagship phones and the graphics intensive games can not run on lumias you get for free . 
  btw i do think app-starved is an issue these days but the situation was better in the wp 8.1 days since ms was still behind the platform and releasing fucking phones . 
  that is what the uwp is for . 
  too bad visual studio and starcraft depend on win32 which is not available outside the desktop . 
  to be honest windows phone 's share in mobile is higher than linux 's share in the desktop . 
  honestly i only see the win32 bridge as useful ( it does n't work yet either ), 
  i am not talking about legal i am talking about moral . 
  you promised your shareholders that you would work to make the most money so you should do precisely that . 
  otherwise start a non-profit . 
  they do exist . 
  yes . 
  or maybe you think that nadella comes and wants to open source . net and the team manages to do that in two months ? 
  yeah . 
  and i will vote trump . 
  ( not really i do n't live in the us . 
  in fact i am privileged to live in the poorest country in the eu ), 
  if you only have an android app you are probably not important so the ecosystem will be fine without you . 
  i mean the ios ecosystem is somehow fine without you so ... 
  `` for profit '' literally means that they promise that . 
  apple and amazon have long term strategies i.e. 
  they want to make more money in the long run than make more money today . 
  even then the leadership can be replaced or even sued by shareholders if they think the strategy is deliberately broken to not make the maximum amount of money . 
  the latest figures reflect the fact that they are actively trying to hide the fact that they make phones . 
  nadella is a coward . 
  why do they want to reduce the usefulness of the cyclone in the later stages of the game . 
  a well-designed unit is useful in more stages of the game than a badly designed unit . 
  why aim for bad design . 
  for example the zergling is a great unit useful throughout the game while the reaper sucks . 
  i would like to see medivacs drop tanks unsieged . 
  so what do we use now ? 
  they were n't going to change it for now anyway . 
  they were just testing and this is a big change hard to balance . 
  it is not indicative of their desire to change . 
  also micro is boring , tactical placing of tanks is far more interesting . 
  for now , 
  so you basically agree he is a coward you just do n't blame him . 
  also i do n't see the whole uwp strategy they invested so heavily in as having any chance of success without mobile phones even if they are at 3 % market share . 
  they will lose xbox , windows and hololens revenue if they do n't hold some ground on phones . 
  apps start from mobile not the other way around . 
  the article suggests delay equal to siege time . 
  maybe this plus no boost will be fine, 
  oh i can bet hololens is not dead . 
  even if they have problems they will iterate as much as needed . 
  i do n't see this as a major issue . 
  in addition the tech is proven to work with a large field of view ( the initial prototypes that you hang on your neck did work with large field of view and tech press did confirm that personally ) so it is obviously a hardware issue . 
  moore 's law will take care of this and the field of view will slowly increase with each new version of the hardware . 
  of course the first consumer version will obviously be the one with the small field of view which does n't matter that much if you are not selling hololens as gaming hardware . 
  this is the first consumer version but there will be a second , third , fifth consumer version .
