  i have not noticed other areas but i think this one is pretty big . 
  as i said i love the react concept . 
  it is far simpler than angular 2 to learn and the immutability and rebuilding of the whole dom is just beautiful . 
  i also could n't wrap my head around flux at the time . 
  i hear redux and that new mobx thing are simpler and make more sense but i have n't had the chance to use them . 
  yeah , exactly my feelings and if you have not-so-senior devs on the team they mess things up and you have to deal with their automapper issues . 
  proponents of automapper will tell you that you need to study your tools and that is true but manual mapping does not require any learning . 
  not going to happen any time soon . 
  i wrote this blog engine as an exercise when i had an year of experience . 
  switching to another blog engine will require non-trivial amount of work . 
  on the other hand at least this one is not terrible on mobile devices in the sense that it does not prevent zoom and all the features do work on all devices . 
  well ... strange . 
  if you open the url in the browser is it still unreadable ( it looks bad due to my poor design skills even on the desktop ), 
  i do n't care about the time and effort that went into writing it anymore . 
  ( edit : i just realized you were talking about the article rather than the blog engine ... ) i mean it was important to me when i was a junior dev 9 years ago but i would happily scrap it these days for something out of the box because i do n't need to prove to myself that i can write something that works on my own . 
  the problem is that it will take a lot of time to migrate the content . 
  the app probably uses some mobilizer library that breaks things . 
  i check from time to time how it looks on iphone , android , windows phone and different browsers and even if something moves around i never had a problem with reading the content . 
  the typography and colors suck but i simply do not have the skills to fix it especially if i am trying to keep the dark theme . 
  i like it but i do n't see much improvement of readability for the body text . 
  i might try to apply the font see if it is somehow better . 
  i was disappointed to see atlas go the dota direction and did n't even try the alpha but i do n't see how being a pure rts would have saved the game . 
  the dotas are more popular genre . 
  i was thinking just that yesterday . 
  if it happens i will laugh for hours, 
  imagine for a moment that trump knows this and thinks he will lose the state . 
  what if he tells his nm supporters to vote gary just to hurt hillary , 
  especially with a team the difference manifests even more . 
  my two devs ( one quite junior and one somewhat talented guy with 2 years of experience ) came to me with quite a bit automapper problems that i was able to solve instantly ( i.e. 
  i would not have ran into them at all ) but they were confused . 
  at one point they were trying to follow the mapping pattern and tried to implement complex logic not in the service code but in the mapping configuration because they reasoned this is where the code goes if something needs to change between the dto and the entity . 
  that 's quite worrisome since cheating will become free . 
  while we 're discussing skins can we please make the zerglings skin less annoying ? 
  hell , i 'd pay for the option to not see it more than i would pay for the new skins combined . 
  the idea that it is somehow obvious that clinton is better than trump in a way that libertarians should see is very funny to me especially since i see trump as the lesser evil . 
  it is not like they presented an argument why a libertarian should support clinton over trump they just assumed that we are already thinking that for some bizarre reason . 
  i 've not seen this argument anywhere near the `` vote for johnson is vote for trump arguments '' on the other hand i can counter with - total lack of evidence clinton is more free trade and has better foreign policy especially since trump is unpredictable so we ca n't actually know his foreign policy . 
  free immigration is not a libertarian value per se . 
  libertarians should of course be opposed to banning immigration because `` they will take our jobs '' but banning immigration because immigrants are criminals ( not saying they are but if you believe they are there is nothing non-libertarian in preventing immigration ) . 
  and finally trump destroys political correctness which is arguably more important than all of those in the current day and age . 
  with trump in power you wo n't need to bake that gay nazi cake, 
  why not launch a campaign in nm and utah that goes like, 
   block both clinton and trump from becoming president . 
  everyone knows johnson ca n't actually win but the thing we had the other day about none of them getting 50 % is totally possible and you can probably sell it to nm and utah voters that they have the power to save their country on their own or at the very least troll the bastards . 
  at the very least clinton is a proven evil while trump is only a potential evil that people are scared may become evil . 
  why ? 
  i mean i do n't want him to run a country but i 'd take him over hillary any day ? 
  what did he do that makes him less qualified to run a country than someone whose stuffers are mysteriously dying , who was so incompetent that she left us diplomats to die , who backed several unnecessary wars , who run an illegal mail server and destroyed evidence and who supports ban on violent video games ? 
  it looks like hitler is more qualified to run a country than her , at least he never wanted to ban violent video games . 
  crime among illegal immigrants may be average compared to the general population but if someone lives in a bad neighborhood with a lot of illegal immigrants then he might feel otherwise and it may even be true for him . 
  it is not anti-libertarian for him to vote anti-immigration . 
  it is only anti-libertarian to vote against immigration if your argument is that you ca n't compete on the market with immigrants . 
  honestly i think trump is less likely to start a nuclear war than hillary as he kind of follows a route of avoiding confrontation with putin . 
  destroying pc is always good no matter the general outcome . 
  trump will destroy pc by showing non-pc people they have nothing to fear . 
  no matter how bad he is non-pc people will know that a minority has been suppressing them and not give in anymore . 
  now these are features i like . 
  can you explain the features of this shortcut compared to ctrl + ,, 
  `` can ask questions on so '' should be a skill people put on their cvs . 
  i 've seen coworkers suck at that so badly . 
  the problem with reopen votes is that everyone sees the question while it is open but when it is closed very few people will look at it and post a reopen vote . 
  reopnening should require less votes than closing . 
  queue the `` when clinton jokes about killing you '' memes, 
  can anyone point to a more braindead mechanic in sc2 than larva inject ? 
  i am not talking about balance or what will replace it if it is gone . 
  i am just asking for something that players should do and requires less thinking . 
  supply positioning is also very important . 
  people build walls on multiple levels with supply depot ( the main wall , the wall to your back natural , walling your scvs , walling the space behind the minerals , etc. ), 
  building overlords is kind of comparable but how come the other stupid mechanic to also be zerg mechanic ? 
  comments make me cry . 
  how can everyone ask the same question and not realize that these are supposed to be salaries at so and no , you do n't get hired at so with 0 skill , 0 experience . 
  this is why most people wo n't get these salaries , they ca n't even understand what the page they are looking at does . 
  i agree with kenya . 
  however i think kenya and i disagree on the issue of the current equilibrium . 
  i think it should be destroyed . 
  basically they are suing on a completely immoral grounds but as it happens france has socialist laws . 
  and why should that be the case ? 
  they made their own device , with their own os , their own store and people buy it on their own free will . 
  why could n't they allow whatever they see fit on their own ecosystem ? 
  this is very far-fetched logic . 
  by this logic samsung has dominance in phone application sales for operating systems which are named with a word starting with `` t '', 
  so lets suppose that these people are as scary as you describe them . 
  you want them to come here ? 
  you `` buy '' them under certain conditions . 
  in any case you do not buy the os you do rent it . 
  it will make more sense to require that apple unlock the bootloader than this . 
  as i pointed out elsewhere you can always define some subset of some market and claim dominance there . 
  microsoft has dominance in the market for mobile apps built with . net - lets regulate windows phone !, 
  this is why i think antitrust laws are stupid to begin with ( totally separate issue from the fact that they are immoral ), 
  yes , but swift on windows is not . 
  so basically it is just like c # used to be except that it is another major os that is neglected . 
  you do n't buy the os . 
  if you bought it you would have the right to sell it to others . 
  you buy a license to use the os . 
  well , the license says you do n't get alternative browser engines . 
  so what did you decide ? 
  seems like it worked , 
  there certainly is something about not being allowed to modify or reverse engineer the os and without that you ca n't download programs from outside the store . 
  and in any case the store is 100 % apple property . 
  it resides on their servers and they will put whatever software they see fit on it .
