  now maybe he will have a baby but how can we infer this from his broken english is beyond me . 
  hmm based on the protoss missions in wings of liberty where you visit the overmind 's dead body and talk to tassadar 's ghost i thought that it was amon who corrupted the overmind . 
  still beats clutch a.k.a. 
  mr `` how does it feel to play in front of such great audience '' . 
  also gets the teams or even the players wrong most often than not . 
  well being `` nice and pretty '' is a good reason to like someone . 
  yeah , because the pool of people who know both korean and english on this level are quite limited . 
  if you add at least some sc knowledge then it shrinks even further . 
  yeah clutch did n't sound nervous . 
  however his forced enthusiasm is the most annoying hosting style i know of . 
  i do n't know how you can claim that clutch is one of the best hosts if he constantly messes up the teams of the players and even who is who . 
  i think everyone agrees that redeye is the best . 
  i will never accept people defending php . 
  there is no use for php that is n't better served by another language excluding of course extending legacy systems already written in php . 
  i can make an argument for the use of every popular language today except php . 
  if you start a greenfield project in php you are doing it wrong . 
  i am curious what did you move to ? 
  i have this problem that i do n't want to do web development but i am so addicted to c # that i 'd rather do web development than write java/objective-c/c + + and i can hardly find non-web dev c # jobs in my area except a few desktop legacy crud apps that seem even more boring . 
  i personally am far away from the drama the author experienced and i still enjoy my job . 
  i tend to find the fun part of the web project and start working on it while giving the boring part to the junior devs . 
  i am the one writing the threading code in that windows service that does background processing or writing the code to generate expression trees from some query string arguments , etc. 
  i still read and watch web dev things even on my free time so it is not i bad . 
  i guess i do n't really hate web development i hate how broken everything in web dev is . 
  everything is a silly hack equivalent to programming in a word document with vbscript just because we can . 
  python and node.js cover your requirements except that you can not deploy to every hosting but you can deploy to a lot of hosting providers . 
  and do n't tell me anyone is so cheap they do n't want to rent $ 3 . net hosting and will go for $ 1.50 php hosting . 
  come on !, 
  i consider that an argument defending my point - if you are that cheap you are doing it wrong, 
  i do n't see why you care about the number of cheap hosting offerings . 
  basically you only need one cheap hosting to deploy your apps not a thousand . 
  and with prices as low as $ 2 per month even for windows hosting i do n't see how this is an argument in favor of php . 
  php improves so what ? 
  other languages improve too and for php to achieve the quality of say python or c # it will need to stop being php . 
  even ecmascript 6 is of equal or better quality than php7 and there are very good reasons to use js for development as it is the only option for the browser and node has insane performance compared to php . 
  and then people complain that nobody wants to play 2 vs 2 because supposedly it sucks . 
  truth is blizzard neglect team games so much they got to the point where it is literally impossible to play it . 
  empirically proven by 10 years of team melee in sc1 . 
  team melee ( rebranded as archon mode ) is more boring ( since one player does n't do much for most of the game ) , more frustrating ( since you get into situations where you try to do different things with the same unit ) and results in less diversity in strategies ( since strategies are the same as 1 vs 1 ) than 2 vs 2 . 
  the market tends to disagree . 
  competitive team games are much more popular than 1 vs 1 team games . 
  a good business decision will be to balance the game around 3 vs 3 and drop 1 vs 1 as heretical as it sounds to this community . 
  i have given the only reason to use php in my original comment - existing systems . 
  nobody in their right mind would build facebook in php if they could start from scratch . 
  hell even facebook invented their own language to get away from php without abandoning legacy . 
  btw i consider python and c # great languages . 
  not perfect of course but certainly in the category `` great '' . 
  no it is not 1 vs 1 by nature it is 1 vs 1 by community wish . 
  there is nothing in the nature of rts or starcraft that says it ca n't be balanced around 2 vs 2 . 
  in fact i do n't even things there are significant problems there . 
  i have also witnessed years of 2 vs 2 scene with tournaments , evolving meta and all . 
  i ca n't be told by anyone that team games in sc can not possibly work because i have seen them work . 
  if i look at my friends - everyone who has been chased away by this community and blizzard purposefully killing 2 vs 2 for years . 
  how is this subjective . 
  do you deny that team melee existed for 10 years in sc1 and people preferred team games all that time ? 
   facebook did start with php one day, 
  and that was a mistake . 
  the fact that they became successful despite that mistake is irrelevant . 
  they would be more successful if they started with something else . 
  also note that i do not claim that in 2004 php did not have any use cases . 
  i make that claim for today although i do suspect that it was true for 2004 . 
  i think people who would not accept that c # is a great language are just ignorant . 
  now you may not like c # but everyone should recognize that c # achieves its stated goals pretty well maybe better than any other language . 
  mind you that the stated goals of c # include familiarity for c++ and java devs . 
  yeah i do . 
  there were 2 vs 2 tournaments ( including team leagues where the decider match was 2 vs 2 ) and you could clearly sample the list of battle.net games . 
  also iccup and things before it ( wgtour , bwl ) had 2 vs 2 . 
  my stats are also supported by my personal experience trying to play both . 
  js and python provide just as easy web development with additional benefits . 
  speed and running in the browser for js and a language with better standard library and not as error-provoking in the case of python, 
  `` listening to the community '' ( i.e. 
  the community repeats how bad 2 vs 2 is so blizzard are actively sidelining it so people do n't have a reason to talk about it . 
  first of all i do n't believe the balance problem with 2 vs 2 exists . 
  the problem with 2 vs 2 is people constant claiming it should not be played competitively which leads to nobody wanting to risk organizing even a single man event . 
  in addition blizzards sponsors a lot of 1 vs 1 events but did not spend a dime on 2vs2 . 
  essentially they are running a dumping scheme . 
  second even if imbalance does exist this is not necessary a big problem . 
  fighting games and dotas are doing fine with imbalanced chars . 
  as long as there is at least two race combos that work then it is good enough . 
  finally i 'll take the challenge . 
  here is a solution - introduce team mechanics similar to current macro mechanics and use them to balance team games . 
  for example lets say that p + t is week but p + z is strong . 
  make protoss be able to chronoboost terran faster than they can chrono zerg . 
  of course you can make team mechanica much more creative and unique and even have interracial units . 
  first of all i have played 2 vs 2 for about 3 years competitive ( not professionally ) in 99-2001 because all lan tournaments around me were 2 vs 2 . 
  it worked fine . 
  it took wcg to change the perception in the local community that the main sc mode is 2 vs 2 . 
  people were laughed at for suggesting tournaments should be 1 vs 1 and the few that were had limited attendance . 
  there are no words anyone can say to convince me that rts or sc in particular is not good team game because i grew up with the opposite . 
  i know that my personal experience in a small country with very specific scene based around internet cafes is not indicative of the larger scene but people who say 2 vs 2 can not possibly work have even fewer arguments . 
  they have never seen it tried . 
  well i did n't save screenshots of what battle.net looked like back in the early 2000s . 
  how was i supposed to know that i will have to prove this point 10 + years later ? 
  also do you really think nobody plays 2 vs 2 now . 
  because the tournament ratio for 2v2 vs 1v1 would mean that literally nobody plays it otherwise you would expect at least some events to match the ratio of the games in battle.net, 
  assuming somebody starts working after graduating at 23-24 and become an architect at 30 i would expect them to be really shitty architect . 
  if i was running a company i would n't give this title and responsibility to anyone with less than 10 years of experience . 
  my profile ( 10k reputation ) is n't even in my cv . 
  i just find the problems interesting to solve ( or read if i ca n't answer ) and this is why i do it . 
  i must admit i liked the internet points for a while and did grind some of the reputation for a while ( between 7000 and 10000 ), 
  you got proficient in c++ after you decided to quit web dev or you were proficient before ?
