  also natural resources are in my opinion the only bad monopoly not directly caused by the state ( other monopolies are either fine like google and windows or caused by state regulation ), 
  whatever they do life still won this fairly . 
  am i racist for thinking shades the only significant white ( or maybe latino ? ), 
  character on the show was also the best character on a show with almost fully black cast ? 
  his character is the lack of character but the sense of style . 
  always wearing sunglasses , always wearing a coat , always projecting authority and `` i know better '' look on his face . 
  he is like slayer on stage . 
  they barely move . 
  slayer do not have stage behaviour they have stage presence . 
  is this equivalent to . net 's ngen or to . net native ? 
  the glory comes from winning not from some websites that are going to try to change the past, 
  what consequences ? 
  being removed from a website ? 
  but the `` titles '' are the wins in those tournaments . 
  all they can do is lie to people who do not remember that the wins did n't happen . 
  but in the specific case of c # it generates innovation . 
  after all async/await is now in python and js simply because c # made it acceptable to put it in a mainstream language . 
  roslyn is also cutting-edge even if it was not introduced to the mainstream by c # . 
  . net native is quite interesting and without real analogue in the mainstream languages . 
  unity democratizes game development . 
  how the hell are these things not worth talking about but the new way to generate html in javascript is ? 
  no , thanks . 
  lesser pros have to worry about their career after e-sports but mc can do ... well he can do whatever he wants . 
  or even better - with weird al, 
  when is the next presidential election ? 
  i sometimes do that . 
  i also choose the content on the babysitting machine . 
  what does it mean really ? 
  i am not a native speaker and i know some meanings of the word that did n't match . 
  went on to check and the only meaning that remotely matches the article is some slang for `` murder '', 
  according to wikipedia there are no known snuff films . 
  infected ? 
  they regularly kill non-zombie characters and they are not just eaten by zombies . 
  more often than not the living kill the living so basically it took 6 season for her to notice , 
  like 1/4th ? 
  i wonder how the thought process went . 
  `` oh gajo does n't know what aleppo is ? 
  let me write an article and say it is the capital of syria although i know shit about aleppo and the capital of syria . 
  i will not use the internet i have at my disposal to check . 
  i am told i screwed up and i got aleppo wrong ? 
  i still do n't want to cheat and use the internet so i will do my second best guess - the capital of isis . '', 
  all this in an article about a person not knowing what aleppo is . 
  i like to keep with the story and sometimes i do n't like the genre . 
  for example after a couple of months i got bored with wow and now i do n't know what has happened in the warcraft universe . 
  if they return to warcraft iv now i do n't know if i will play it at all and i was a big warcraft fan from the first game . 
  do n't want to be chased out of starcraft too . 
  i think quake is actually my favorite game although i have invested probably 50 times more hours in starcraft and was always much much better at sc than i was at quake . 
  still quake always felt closer to me in some sense . 
  this is what he says but he is wrong , 
  assuming trump is better than hillary how the hell can gajo cause hillary to win if he draws 50/50 from both sides, 
  i can see the value of dynamic typing for some use cases but things like global interpreter lock , lack of variable declarations , and slow interpreter are really absurd to me . 
  i mean you could design a language with python-level usability without this bullshit . 
   perhaps . net standard will change that . 
  you mean . net core, 
  as / u/videoj pointed out it is in top 5 of practically all popularity lists . 
  c # is quite objectively popular however you slice it . 
  that was available through portable class library . 
  but now chris metzen is gone !, 
  there is hope . 
  in your opinion how many rts games from blizzard do we need developed in parallel ? 
  would rts fans be better off if blizzard had rushed hots and lotv in 2011 and 2012 and released warcraft iv in 2015 ? 
  sc1 and sc2 are my favorite and i like warcraft iii ( and warcraft ii for that matter , i 've played quite a bit of multiplayer ) a lot but i think company of heroes 1 is above warcraft iii in my list . 
  i was so mad that they did n't optimize for e-sports and they did it on purpose . 
  did n't buy the expansion or coh2 because of that . 
  when talking about great but obscure games i liked myth ( technically a tactical game and not rts ) and knights and merchants ( settlers-like rts ) a lot . 
  i also liked kknd 1 for the atmosphere although i realize it was not actually good . 
  well according to the sc community especially before the sc2 beta was released that unlimited selection and multibuilding selection was `` noobifying the game '' so i guess dune 2 is the best game with the highest skill ceiling . 
  the reason we ca n't use other languages in place of js in the browser is not that they ca n't be compiled . 
  the reason is that there is no know-how , you ca n't ask questions , the libraries are not idiomatic in those languages even if they happen to interface well with js . 
  a x to wasm compiler wo n't remove the need for touching js unless there is a language with reasonable ecosystem for the browser . 
  so how is this thing that has been present and evolving going to change things so drastically . 
  i 'd say that the modernized version of . net with official support from ms is infinite more important . 
  it is interesting that people think the hero-based gameplay requires warcraft franchise . 
  hero-based gameplay was what blizzard felt like doing at the time . 
  warcraft 2 was as pure rts as it gets . 
  had warcraft 3 been sc2 instead it would have been just a warcraft 3 in the sc universe . 
  so do you want an rts with heroes or an rts in the warcraft universe ? 
  i think the only way to beat js on the web is to sidestep from the dom . 
  say if we had something like silverlight with completely separate ecosystem built on top of web assembly and webgl . 
  the dom will always be the domain of js and we will never get rid of it if we do n't get rid of the rest of the web crap . 
  i do n't know why you are downvoted . 
  this is a fair question . 
  first of all c # is in fact the greatest mainstream language . 
  in mainstream i include c/c + + , java , c # , python , javascript and php . 
  second c/c + + are actually quite hard and yes , i am not comfortable with them . 
  in fact i remember in university i was struggling with c++ for the first two years and then in the third year i was introduced to c # . 
  i felt like i was flying . 
  i was instantly able to produce somewhat useful programs . 
  now 10 years later i can probably do reasonable c++ if i take 2 weeks to refresh my knowledge but not nearly as efficient as my c # and i would probably not make the jump from a student to a professional programmer if i continued to push with c++ . 
  it seems like we disagree on why silverlight and flash are dead . 
  flash is dead because of its extremely poor quality and silverlight is dead because ms could n't convince apple to let them run on the ipad and iphone . 
  both systems were also proprietary and in the web nuclear peace a proprietary system is vetoed by at least one vendor so it is out . 
  if something like silverlight is implemented on top of standards ( webgl wasm ) then we can safely use it and have it to work everywhere . 
  otherwise it is js till the end of the world . 
  you ca n't make other languages beat js in interoperability with the dom, 
  no , thanks . 
  i find a statically typed language that refuses to adopt generics or similar mechanism absurd . 
  in fact i am not aware of another language invented since the 80s and actively maintained that is against generics, 
  it does n't matter if it is standard javascript it matters if it inherits its flaws . 
  i do n't want a language that adds things to javascript i want language that does not allow writing apis like the dom ( say a method that overloads internally based on the type of argument function or string ) but how do we do that if the dom already exposes apis like these ?
