  excuse my stupid question but what is ap ? 
  i swear i am not far from the point where i will take pride if someone calls me a `` racist '' i 'm long past the point where i am not offended when being called `` racist '' . 
  it seems that these days `` racists '' means someone who is not into the socialist , multicultural bullshit so why bother being offended ? 
  i see you have n't met / u/labore _ et_constantia our resident troll . 
  i kind of like him , 
  i do n't quite get what they are measuring . 
  the cost of garbage collection depends on the number of objects traversed and the amount of objects that need to be moved . 
  i would expect generation 0 to take less time simply because most objects will not be traversed and a few objects will need moving in a mark & sweep strategy that . net employs . 
  on the other hand in gen 2 most objects will survive because they just tend to ( or they would n't end up in gen 2 ) and the gc will need more time to compact the remaining objects . 
  were bush 's daughters hot ? 
  if yes i guess some guys did care ... 
  your post lacks information . 
  object does n't have a foreach method and the naming goes against c # conventions so this code is probably not real . 
  we also do n't know what enums you are talking about . 
  are you talking about ienumerables which is something totally different from enums ? 
  i am against golden keys as much as the next guy but this is different . 
  the key has not been leaked , only a secure boot policy that was signed with the key and second the keys in your computer are in theory replaceable ( although they are sometimes quite annoying to replace ) . 
  this is like ssl/https . 
  you have in your os keys from the big certificate authorities like verisign for example . 
  if their root key is compromised you need to remove it from your computer . 
  secure boot is similar but for an os . 
  it prevents unsigned code ( signed with the keys in your bios/uefi ) from executing which prevents some type of low level malware . 
  now ms has leaked code signed with their key that skips this check . 
  this is like leaking a compromised certificate on the name of google.com so anyone can pretend to be google.com . 
  the issue is that keys in the bios are harder to revoke but the principle is the same . 
  we just have n't invented a better scheme that does n't rely on predefined trusted certificate . 
  also note that most computers in the world do not have this defense anyway . 
  now some windows devices lose it too . 
  it is not just windows rt devices . 
  a lot of post windows 8 devices have this protection but now it is rendered useless . 
  note that most devices do n't have this protection to begin with . 
  it is a protection against a specific type of malware that pretends to be part of the os so regular checking methods wo n't detect it but the computer still must become infected somehow and the leaked policy does n't make the infection itself easier . 
  also note that most machines ( those without secure boot ) do n't have this protection anyway and we are using them just fine . 
  i am against open borders . 
  while i do not agree with restricting immigration because `` immigrants will take our jobs '' i do agree that multicultural society does n't make sense and i see the country as a kind of private property . 
  if i am morally justified to not let someone in my home for the simple reason that i do not like him why am i not morally justfieid to not let him into my country for the same reason ? 
  i am also pro-death and it seems that most libertarians are pro-life . 
  note that i am not from the usa . 
  wait , i thought most libertarians ( especially those in the us ) were pro-life ? 
  drunk driving should be banned by the owner of the road or i will not be a customer on his road . 
  as it happens the state owns most roads and they just chose the rules on them . 
  i perfectly agree with your stance on vaccination and smoking . 
  i know . 
  i just like to defend my position by starting with its negative side . 
  i just face the issue head-on and discuss the negative side and drop the marketing speech . 
  i also argue about the legalization of heroin instead of cannabis and start any gun debate argument acknowledging that more people will die if guns can be acquired freely . 
  tvt with mech vs mech - mass vikings, 
  it is not just honesty . 
  it takes the opponents by surprise and unprepared . 
  their usual arguments and memes do n't work , 
  depends on what culture we 're talking about . 
  there are cultures that have evolved to resist assimilation and integration and as we see in europe they just form ghettos in your country . 
  sure food and music may mix but actual society functions better if it is homogenous . 
  note that i am not against mixed cultures but i am against societies that contain segregated cultures . 
  when you consider simple day-to-day work a company and by extension as society will be more effective if we do n't have to learn all the details of each culture and watch our every word so that we do not offend a coworker . 
  in a homogenous society this is not a problem because if we grow up in the same culture we have the same criteria of what is offensive . 
  i am from bulgaria and just a month ago while working with some people from england on a software project there was a complaint from me from the bosses because supposedly i was `` quite negative '' . 
  that was because i said that `` i feel strongly against '' a certain practice and that i believe it was a `` bad practice '' ( the latter being a common industry term ) . 
  i thought i knew english culture and all but apparently i do n't . 
  now this is circulating in the office as an example on how not to talk with english people . 
  apparently we should never use negative words and only say that `` it would be better if '' rather than that the current thing is simply bad . 
  now imagine what happens if we have to deal with chinese , japanese and arabs which are much more different cultures compared to which bulgarian and english are pretty much the same western culture . 
  yeah but vikings can also fly . 
  but you are correct i did n't consider the cyclone . 
  not sure about the us but in europe there are second and even third generation people born in certain countries that literally do n't speak the local language . 
  and by do n't speak i mean they ca n't have any conversation with the locals in the local language not that they speak broken language . 
  for example some turks in germany . 
  i understand the fallacies of the analogy but it still kind of makes sense to me . 
  borders exist due to military power but traditionally it was the people living there that were that military power and they took it by force and with a lot of dead on both sides from another people . 
  most countries were established in times when manpower was more important than technology for an army . 
  so people kind of stick to what they fought and died for and feel like they own it and they will not give it without a fight . 
  same like the private property . 
  if we do it only makes sense that we do not let immigrants in our countries . 
  it may be our fault but we do not owe immigrants assimilation and integration . 
  that is surely the case but some cultures do tend to produce more closed societies than others . 
  for example if a culture explicitly forbids marrying a person from another culture then chances are due to peer pressure that culture will assimilate very slowly if at all . 
  i do n't get the raven buff at all . 
  they explicitly say that terran has enough worker harass option and buff raven 's worker harassing skill instead of one of the other skills ( i vote for the seeker missile ), 
  why the hell do they assign a macbook to a c # dev ? 
  i would understand providing a macbook if the dev requested it but simply assigning it ? 
  it would be cool if the opponent received the upgrade for free . 
  tvt , proxy starport , research banshee cloak , opponent finds it , forces a lift before the upgrade is done , lands his own starport , finishes banshee cloak , 
  great video . 
  i think it could have been better on the warp prism micro part . 
  there was text right over the battle at the start and the split screen was confusing because you could see some units twice . 
  cloak files are deleted and the upgrade must start from the beginning . 
  please let it be generics !, 
  what if there is hash collision on the type names ? 
  you are still using a proper dictionary just overriding gethashcode . 
  did you know that the solution explorer has `` sync active item '' button ? 
  my girlfriend showed it to me while working on one of my wp apps . 
  she works as a java dev and never worked as a . net dev . 
  i felt embarrassed . 
  i know about the option to always track the active item and i used it for a couple of months but it has its own flaws . 
  i am not from the us . 
  i have to ask . 
  what does `` registered independent '' mean ? 
  i thought you registered to pledge allegiance to a party ( kind of like membership ) but if this is not a joke then what does it mean in practice ? 
  so what if there is no genocide ? 
  what if russia simply annexes a country like they annexed crimea ?
