  on the other hand while cosmetics do have some effect on dota clone games the damage is far less significant than in an rts . 
  in rts games there are a lot more units and some skins ( zergling alt skin in particular ) make it harder to see and recognize the units . 
  if they insist on introducing skins they should do it for bigger units like they did with collector 's edition . 
  alt skin for thor or ultra is not that big of a problem . 
  still i am against it ( and i do own the collector 's edition ), 
  `` deeply growing concerns '' is how the pussy politicians of eu react to the crisis :(, 
  russia is quite ahead in this race . 
  at this rate the u.s. will have to kill as many people as they killed in iraq and libya for a century before they catch up with stalin . 
  do they ? 
  ( serious question ), 
  russian speaking and russians is not the same thing . 
  white-ra is russian speaking but he is openly against the russian aggression . 
  i have lived in the time our country was under russian boot and now i am a `` slave of the eu and americans '' and i can tell you i will take the current slavery over russian friendship any day . 
  i am from bulgaria . 
  i like it how russians ( and pro-russian people ) point out that the ussr turned the world war ii around ( which is true ) but always forget to mention that the ussr supported the nazis till the very day germany attacked them . 
  oh and btw i am sure that for countries that were not russia that happened to be on the ussr side of the iron curtain a nazi victory would have been much better . 
  objectively ussr is worse than the nazis . 
  the nazis had better economy and industry , far better technology and science , more disciplined and moral army and amazingly hitler murdered less people than stalin . 
  the germans also had stronger internal opposition that could have killed hitler . 
  frankly i do n't see why anyone on the east should be happy that ussr won ... 
  there were skins in cs from the very beginning . 
  this attitude is why ukrainians celebrated the arrival of the nazis as liberators during ww2 . 
  any country of the former warsaw pact would be a good guess . 
  except serbia . 
  i agree with you in general but claiming that putin has nothing to show for 10 years of rule is wrong . 
  i guess it sucks for the cs players , 
  does n't work on win 8, 
  so it has come a full circle . 
  / u/amoeba made that observation in the php thread last week ( http://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/2estux/in_2008_i_bought_a_book_titled_php_6_six_years/ck2nn9z ) and somebody turned the conversation into an article . 
  now the article gets posted on reddit and we comment on it again , 
  i agree . 
  i already invest 2/3 of my starcraft watching time in the gsl because it is the best tournament and now i can just skip the na and eu wcs . 
  region lock is stupid . 
  if the top 16 players are korean then let 16 koreans go to blizzcon . 
  i do n't care about diversity quotas . 
  this is true not only for sc2 but for everything everywhere from politics to arguments where to put the towels at home . 
  remind me again why do we want regions ? 
  i am quite certain i never asked for diversity quotas for foreigners . 
  i want region because i want to watch high-quality starcraft live in my time zone and want to have event with good players close by so i can go there and be part of the audience . 
  if i was younger and better maybe i care about participating in an event near me with the best players . 
  basically region lock kills it all . 
  i want foreigners to win as much as the next guy and i do think foreigners winning is good for sc2 in general but getting foreigners to place higher on the chart by removing koreans from the equation is not winning . 
  if this is the goal then blizzard better give them money directly because i do n't see why anyone would watch those players . 
  on a more serious note maybe they should think of a way to invest in infrastructure directly if that is the issue . 
  also i really really doubt that korean players make more money than foreigners . 
  foreigners are usually crowd favorites which means there is an incentive to sponsor them . 
  look at grubby for example . 
  a player on his level in korea will probably starve . 
  of course grubby can compensate in other ways ( quality stream with good comments , engaging with fans , etc. ), 
  but potentially other foreigners can as well . 
  these options are effectively closed for koreans . 
  yeah , because giving money to foreigners worked so well for eg that we called it `` the eg curse '', 
  if you write a piece of software you own that piece of software and can do whatever you want with it . 
  if you want you can kill it . 
  still he is entitled to do anything within the license like prohibit the use of the name and not accept patches in his codebase, 
  as far as i understand he is complaining about the name , not about anything else . 
  does n't it protect the name ? 
  maybe but proves that the problem is not the money . 
  i find this strange . 
  why would you protect the name only on a particular implementation ? 
  also he seems to think otherwise . 
  ok but if eg can provide excess then there is enough money for food obviously . 
  probably not but he did write it in the license ( i did not check actually but i saw someone mention it in the previous reddit thread ) . 
  after all he does not sue but simply bitch on twitter . 
  i think you grossly overestimate the conditions in which lower level korean players train and live . 
  i bet the reason foreign players are not training that much is not that they can not survive financially but that none of them would agree to live in the conditions in which koreans of the same skill level live . 
  that may be true . 
  so does he have moral right to claim the name ? 
  yes . 
  so what blizzard did now is remove koreans from the wcs and basically turn the wcs us and eu into a stream where foreign players can play possibly in their underwear . 
  after i saw a couple of videos and heard a couple of first hand stories about the korean training regime and the conditions in the team houses i am more inclined to believe that foreigners simply can not take it otherwise they will be able to have it since it seems that it does n't cost that much . 
  i 'd rather watch more dreamhacks than season finals . 
  of course i hope blizzard reverts the stupid region lock but that is another topic . 
  i bet dreamhacks will have better lineup that the locked wcs regions . 
  i ca n't remember the finals in question . 
  there is high chance i did not watch the na one . 
  i probably watched the gamescom one since i vaguely remember white-ra at the bar started there . 
  if he did not take anyone to court it does n't matter if she has legal grounds, 
  well he did n't . 
  there is nothing wrong . 
  why do people complain about what he had right to do ? 
  he only did what he had right to do ( complain on twitter ) . 
  so do people who downvote this do it because they think touch apis for the web are not an interesting problem or they do because they hate microsoft ? 
  technically correct and also irrelevant . 
  the value of sports is precisely in the competition . 
  the competition is what develops the important parts of sports like willpower , willingness to improve , respect for opponents , working with teammates and most importantly being able to lose with dignity . 
  without the competition physical sports are just fitness - useful but not nearly as important . 
  even from commercial point of view people care about competition . 
  that is what they watch on tv , not fitness . 
  offtopic but i wish there was a 2 vs 2 tournament with real money prices ( $ 1000 prize pool for example ) and quality stream . 
  i would pay money to watch that . 
  if i thought so i would n't read / r/starcraft ( like i do n't read dota subreddits because i think it is a boring game ) . 
  btw cheeses are the most exciting builds . 
  i am sorry to say this but you are wrong . 
  for some reason the community does support this . 
  all their needs are taken care of ? 
  i heard b-teamers do the laundry and the dishes . 
  i believe western players just ca n't take it . 
  i think that the percentage of the time cheese straight ends the game is about 60 % and i think it is worth the sacrifice because the remaining 40 % are much more fun than macro games . 
  i 'd gladly trade 3 macro games for 1 of the good cheese games .
