  because the games were fun and the strategies were totally different from the current maps . 
  we want diversity in strategies , do n't we ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  i used to win with burrowed roaches and burrow is tier 1 now . 
  12 drones rush was also cool . 
  on the other hand i do n't mind imbalance . 
  zergs lose on steppes of war and win on whirlwind , all is fine . 
  as i already said balance is overrated . 
  of course there should be maps with no chokes . 
  hell , there should be air maps in the pool . 
  yeah and people really like losing to equal skill , 
  btw what `` lower level '' are you talking about because i am pretty sure zerg is the easiest race at least up to high masters . 
  i am basing my statement on my stats as a random player ( currently 57 on eu ) . 
  my pvz winrate is 47 % , my zvp winrate is 78 % , tvz is 36 % , zvp 83 % , zvt 82 % . 
  even my zvz is 83 % which tells me that it is not a balance problem but it was simply easier to improve as zerg . 
  i 've lost a lot of tvps ( 18 % winrate ) and pvps this season . 
  while stats this season are very extreme and certainly tilted by metagame shift and small sample size my overall stats for hots are showing the same results but less extreme ( 70 % instead of 80 % winrate with zerg and slightly higher winrate in my worst matchups ) . 
  interestingly the terran/protoss/zerg achievements always had zerg leading by about 20 % over terran and like 10 % over protoss since the game was released . 
  interestingly enough i have somewhat positive winrate in tvt so it is not the terran mirror dragging me down . 
  at least i have stats , others only have opinion , 
  you 've got to love it when a guy in platinum uses barcode id , 
  how is it gon na get better after reboot ? 
  d2 did n't have an auction house and they did reset the ladder regularly and i have a friend who ran the mentioned room fool of pcs for almost 10 years . 
  when they increase the level cap and introduce higher level items the current high level items will drop in value very fast anyway . 
  i really ca n't understand why people hack . 
  i 've seen them do it for 15 years in different games and still do n't get it . 
  how can they feel good about playing that way when they know they are worse than people who they beat . 
  i mean they must know it right ? 
  the greatest mobile game i 've ever played is called armed ( http://www.armedgame.com/ ) . 
  they had this idea to put cheaters in a pool and let them face each other . 
  i really wished there was a chat and they published the chat logs . 
  sadly it seems like the company ran into financial troubles and the development of the game ( including the ios version ) is on hold . 
  i believe this is not how it works . 
  blizzard are not looking to break the hack as this is practically impossible . 
  they are just detecting it . 
  obviously the devs can change it to be undetectable but in the meantime some people just use the old version for a while and this is how they end up on the ban list . 
  yeah man , we thought map hackers were flogged on the square or something . 
  we wish you were punished because we envy your skill to hack . 
  i wish i could find that interview with a cheater some game site posted a few years ago and learn from the wisdom . 
  well he became friends with them due to sc2 so now they 've turned on what made them friends in the first place . 
  also people who use hacks in games are likely to be the type of people who would screw a friend . 
  so do i get them angry when i say gg at the end even after they bm ? 
  what exactly does it mean to go private ? 
  but how would he know which one it is ? 
  i only have anecdotal evidence from personal experience . 
  so what difference does it make ? 
  blizzard just goes there and buys a copy and does whatever they do with public hacks . 
  or he just invented the secret meeting and is trolling everybody , 
  players should not be listened to when they talk about balance . 
  show me one pro player who thinks his race should be nerfed ( except mc ) . 
  hmm i wonder how this works in practice . 
  after all the hack needs to run in the client 's memory ... 
  i mean the hack itself needs to run in memory so warden can find it even if it was streamed . 
  however if they are streaming it they have the option to randomly change the signature so that warden will have to do much more advanced analysis than simply checking for a bunch of signatures . 
  ok then . 
  if some pro player claims something of the opposing race should be nerfed he should demonstrate this by playing off race as this race and using what is supposedly imbalanced . 
  btw blizzard did say that pro feedback was useless for precisely this reason . 
  everyone claimed the opponent race should be nerfed . 
  i 've converted a good number of `` as '' casts written by my coworkers to regular casts . 
  i do n't know why they insist on converting invalid cast exceptions to null reference exceptions or even worse silent errors . 
  this is ok but seems like too much work for something that should never happen by definition . 
  if you do n't expect invalid object type why write so much code to prepare for it ? 
  if they are going to throw another exception it is fine to use `` as '' . 
  in fact i think it is better to use `` as '' . 
  but people are using it when they are `` sure '' the type is the correct type and they are not throwing exceptions . 
  of course at some point someone changes the code and the type might not be of the correct type so they hide invalidcastexception into nullpointerexception ( if we are lucky to get exception at all and not silently producing wrong results ), 
  just do a normal 2vs2 . 
  nothing fancy , no joke games on purpose . 
  just pure 2vs2 melee for money and i will not only watch but pay to watch . 
  if i do n't have time i will stop watching the gstl and dedicate my time and money to the 2vs2 tournament . 
  but please do n't do it as a joke like it has been done up to now . 
  i want people competing for money and qualified as 2vs2 teams not 1 vs 1 pros who just entertain the audience between 1vs1 matches . 
  4vs4 has serious problems in sc . 
  i will not even talk about the gameplay but there are things like the game lagging to the point of being unplayable . 
  on the other hand the fact that the community ignores 2vs2 is absurd to me . 
  ok here is a challenge . 
  everyone who says specific strategy is unbeatable in 2vs2 is challenged to play against me and my gf ( we 're masters in 2vs2 and i am masters in 1vs1 while her best in 1vs1 is plat ) . 
  you tell me what your unbeatable start is and execute it at your best . 
  we try to beat it . 
  beat of 3 where in one game you can use different strategy to keep us guessing . 
  my gf plays zerg i play all races, 
  i do n't get it . 
  is it bad that there are two base all ins or would it be `` awesome to watch '' ? 
  `` what 's really everyone thinking is that it is impossible to find a girl who would be good looking , intelligent , interested in programming , and above all else , interested in you , the socially awkward geek . '', 
  nah ... my gf is very pretty , intelligent , professional programmer and for some strange reason interested in me . 
  i took the easy way , 
  strange how i never needed an eye opener . 
  i clearly remember how after i saw dune 2 i was fantasizing and debating with a friend of mine hypothetical 1 vs 1 matches ( dune 2 did n't have multiplayer ) . 
  same for wolfenstein 3d . 
  i was never surprised when i had a chance to play warcraft ii and doom 2 years later that multiplayer was the thing . 
  i was only excited to get into it . 
  btw learning how to lose is the most important thing i 've learned from competitive gaming and good thing to apply in life . 
  when will i be able to buy a surface in bulgaria ? 
  because of imbalance ? 
  i think pz beats pz , 
  blizzard should fix pz vs pz matchup it is so imbalanced !, 
  pz does n't stand a chance . 
  they should buff pz while nerfing pz , 
  i am even more annoyed by how they got it all backwards . 
  i want to move games from my tv to my pc not the other way round .
