  i have noticed that each and every time blizzard changes the ladder algorithm things become worse . 
  i wish they did away with leagues and leave only a single number - your position on the ladder . 
  now this is the kind of stuff i want to see on / r/programming not the endless stream of `` girls coding '' and `` how to interview '' articles . 
   i 've worked with individual developers in india who were awesome ; it 's not a country . 
  i am pretty sure india is a country , 
  as a developer in bulgaria i was thinking precisely that . 
  on the other hand he does have that footnote saying that he is talking about lowest bidder development not necessary overseas ( i guess the title is a clickbait ) . 
  to be honest the lower bidder is never of reasonable quality . 
  after all there is demand for high quality developers in a global market so high quality developers in bulgaria ( or even india ) may be cheaper than in the us or western europe but they are not that much cheaper because they already have projects . 
  this !, 
  you may even have a culture issues . 
  like my boss tells that story of the only time he outsourced something to india . 
  the developers there would just not say that something can not happen . 
  they just accept everything you say and then produce some crap . 
  a western person would probably inform you that what you want would result in crap . 
  we should throw in something about burnout and staying focused . 
  i have seen the hosts on some non-sc events and redeye is definitely better . 
  i hope his new e-sports position is public ( as in host/commentator or something ) and sc related . 
  as long as these threads are upvoted and the social threads are downvoted it will be fine . 
  i am surprised this got so many upvotes . 
  sadly i am not competent enough to comment with something more than `` cool ! '', 
  but i enjoyed reading the document . 
  anders   google . 
  he wo n't let them screw up . 
  here is a challenge . 
  for every instance of bad customer service from ms ( xbox ms ) i will point out 2 equal or greater instances of sony screwing people although i think i win simply by pointing out the giant hack that leaked customer financial info . 
  note that things like the used games debacle do not count since ms fixed things before release . 
  they failed badly but damaged their business but not their customers . 
  i simply reject the notion that sony and ms are equally bad . 
  they are not equally bad . 
  they are not even in the same league of bad . 
  i would n't call the used games policy well intentioned . 
  they were out to make more money for both themselves and the publishers which may or may not result in better games or service . 
  however a company that wants to make more money is fine with me ( some call it greedy to make it seem bad ) as long as the customer can reasonably judge how much money they are going to spend and what they are going to receive in advance . 
  i do n't think there are significant instances of xbox customers being screwed up or getting bad service without reasonable compensation ( i 'd like to remind that xbox live is far more stable including against hacker attacks and game launches than psn ) . 
  i am just sad people make decisions about purchase based on supported resolution and do not factor in customer service and quality and security of the platform which in my opinion are more important and impactful to the overall experience . 
   ok ... serious question : how many times has sony dropped the ball in terms of security ? 
  they never picked up the stupid ball . 
  that is debatable . 
  maybe it is true maybe it is not . 
  i personally believe it would in fact result in steam-like sales but we do n't have any proof of that . 
  in any case i believe that the market will sort things out . 
  and the actual news from the actual teams was posted here last week , 
  i am sad too but i am even more sad that people overwhelmingly choose the lesser experience based on hype about resolutions . 
  in my opinion if you buy a ps4 over xbox one you are actively making the world worse by financially stimulating worse services and products . 
  i do n't see why this means they should shut it down . 
  it makes sense for new project but i would expect them to keep it around for at least half a decade after that for existing ones . 
  i look at it the other way around . 
  google product shuts down - better use microsoft 's product 's - they stop being updated ( except for security ) but they run for a * very * long time . 
  coupling view and logic that drives the view into a component is great . 
  also i like web forms . 
  here , i said it !, 
  and they offer you to wait 5 years until all your users have upgraded their browser to support the standard that is in its infancy . 
  i would use microsoft 's repos over google 's and i did . 
  now i do not have 1 year deadline to migrate a project that is `` done '' and a project that i do not care about developing anymore to github . 
  ideally i would never need to migrate them because why would i ? 
  of course at some point codeplex will be dead and i will need to do it but they are already better than google because they outlived google code . 
  in fact i use ms 's alternative for any comparable service . 
  for example i use microsoft 's e-mail service . 
  i do n't use microsoft 's search engine ( except on my phone ) simply because i do not see it as comparable but if it was only slightly worse i would . 
  windows xp just stopped being supported last year after 13 years and i can assure you that it still works if i wanted to use it . 
  i think that 's longer than every single google product except search and ads products and again it still works . 
  i do n't see how outlook is different from hotmail . 
  it got a new interface and a marketing refresh but nobody forced anyone to drop their e-mail address or migrate their data . 
  they did stop some services . 
  windows live messenger and live mesh come to mind but wml transition to skype was reasonable ( more reasonable than what google are about to do with gtalk and hangouts ) and live mesh was still a beta when they dropped it . 
  i do n't think zune ever stopped working and it is not like your zune needs security updates ( as is the case with win xp ), 
  i do n't see how the fact that some games new games do not run on xp and that zune players are not sold anymore is equivalent to google products just disappearing . 
  with ms products you can continue to use them for whatever you used them before they were discontinued . 
  that would be fine if ms services did not outlive by a lot google services . 
  codeplex has not yet announced shutdown . 
  also windows products are supported for much longer with security updates without the need to upgrade . 
  google recently declared that they would not fix a security issue for 1 + billion users because they should upgrade to the latest android . 
  ms even fixed xp beyond the support deadline which was 13 years not 2 as in google 's case . 
  i am not sure if it is the case for all games but the single game i owned on gfwl was transferred to steam and i read this was the case for other high profile title . 
  gfwl was probably the worst ms product i ever used but still it worked fine for me at the end i guess . 
  z3 - the first device we can reasonably call a computer ( since it was turing complete ), 
  yeah but what i mean is that we can reasonably call it a computer not the people of the time , 
  this is true but xp is just 3 years younger than google so i think we can reasonably say that it makes sense to drop this type of support . 
  also i think that it can still update via windows update and get the patches that are released and the activation service is still running so you can activate a new installation . 
  basically the services that power windows xp are not shut down by ms. 
  the problem with this comparison is that tesla 's work did influence the development of his field despite the fact that his inventions were applied by other people . 
  zuse did great things before anyone else but they remained lost until other people managed to build more advanced machines . 
  so what ? 
  interestingly the first practical turing complete computer is z4 so still one built by zuse , 
  according to wikipedia eniac was operational in 1946 while z4 was built in 1945 . 
  - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_computing_hardware#early_computer_characteristics, 
  of course you are correct that this was the time to invent them and this is why i find the mathematical work of turing much more important than the actual hardware implementations of the time . 
  as for zuse plankalkul was probably more impressive than the hardware he built . 
  exactly !, 
  i do n't think it is that simple . 
  it is not the skins or ingame observing . 
  cs is much more viewer friendly than sc for players who have not played it . 
  i do n't think if there is much that can be done in this regard . 
  after all sc2 is a sci-fi rts and you ca n't change that but i hope for more noob friendly streams and less exceptions in the rules of the game ( like why does the tempest have bonus damage against air targets but not against land targets ? ) . 
  unit design that allows viewers to predict what the unit does by the way it looks is good for viewing . 
  the other option is to go full dota retard and make it impossible to predict anything or even remember it but dota clones are both free and team games so they compensate that way . 
  i specifically addressed dota-clones . 
  i think they are winning despite that because all of them are free to play and team games . 
  cs is also a team game .
