  it means you have something worth migrating and when they started they were not sure about that . 
  they just wanted to develop something good with the tech that worked best for them . 
  you forgot that after forcing everyone to buy kinect ( which btw i support ) they made sure to not release any meaningful kinect titles for a year . 
  good thing they pay for this in sales . 
  i was planning to get an xbone on launch but still do n't have one . 
  will probably get one in a couple of months but still ... 
  yeah they do n't want to pay money to build a phone with competing operating system . 
  also they will reduce their ridiculously high employee count . 
  sure this means they are not open . 
  the current asp.net also supports linux in some sense ... 
  it is na\u00efve to think it nadella has done this . 
  of course this is what microsoft wants you to think . 
  nadella was ceo for a week and everything became open sauce , 
  i hope it is for market reasons because otherwise they would be fraudsters and the shareholders should sue them . 
  i do n't think that vnext will improve that significantly . 
  it will still run on mono so ... 
  i agree , and probably this will result in better performance but the relative difference in speed between . net and mono should stay ( there is no reason for it to change ), 
  actually i was there and had ps2 to usb converter . 
  too bad i am nobody so nobody asked me or paid attention to my setup , 
  . net itself is not open as in free . 
  parts of . net are open and free ( asp.net vnext , asp.net mvc , entity framework ) . 
  the source for the bcl and most of the remaining . net framework source code has been available for years for reference purposes but is not free . 
  i am not sure about the exact state of the clr itself but i am pretty sure it is not free software . 
  asp.net vnext will be developed in the open with input and participation from the mono guys but will still run on mono . 
  i expect that this approach will improve compatibility in areas where it was lacking before ( i hear this is mostly the project structure and some things related to case sensitivity of paths ), 
  the interesting here is that, 
  1 ) vnext will be developed in the open with input from the mono community which means that potential incompatibilities will be caught early on in the development, 
  2 ) vnext will be built on owin ( i.e. 
  the pipeline spec ) which means that the compatibility will be formalized, 
  3 ) the whole of asp.net vnext is open and free . 
  note that before mono had to reimplemented a good deal of asp.net and could only use some parts of the open source implementation of microsoft like asp.net mvc . 
  2 , 3 together mean much better compatibility and far less work for mono . 
  also means that future versions will be mono-ready on release once they get a stable owin pipeline . 
  his games vs the champion sacsri on around 6:15 - http://www.twitch.tv/dreamhacksc2/b/549017420, 
  i am perfectly sure that you have to do what your shareholders tell you to do otherwise they will replace you . 
  the company is their property . 
  now if costco ( whatever that is ) shareholders think that higher wages will make the company more profitable in longer term they may be fine with it . 
  cool !, 
  of course this probably means that the performance of vcurrent will improve as well . 
  i have literally never seen a c # developer who thinks anonymous functions first appeared in c # and i know a great number of c # developers . 
  i think you are making this up unless you pulled something out of the context ( for example someone said that anonymous functions were in c # before they were in java ) and twisted it to fit your idea of c # developers . 
  so let me get this straight ... people who learned vb were making a living just fine off of it while people who did not had to learn a bunch of tech ? 
  seems like vb is really effective . 
  i understand the general logic about your comment but i do not really understand setting a goal of being a great programmer in general . 
  for me there are two reasonable goals - make money and build good products . 
  if ms can provide an ecosystem where one can achieve this without learning multiple languages then they did a fine job and should be praised for that not attacked . 
  i believe for many years they actually managed to do it but they are not the dominant it force they once were and they ca n't provide this anymore . 
  if someone bet on ms tech in lets say 95 he made a fine bet for his career for 15 years in the future which is a great thing to do . 
  if someone tells me that i can invest in one ecosystem and i will be paid well for 15 years i will take that offer at once and not look into other ecosystems at all . 
  asp.net mvc is the most popular web mvc framework on . net . 
  . net devs do not in general think that ms invented mvc ( in fact almost every introductory talk ms did to sell asp.net mvc started off by pointing out that the pattern is already used in other stacks so it is tested ) . 
  people do n't like to say the full name so they just say `` mvc '' . 
  think of asp.net mvc like java 's spring mvc . 
  but requiring perfect integration with your stack makes perfect sense . 
  ruby does not integrate well with vs then screw ruby we will save time by using otherwise inferior tool that integrates well with the ecosystem . 
  i am sorry you work on something that you dislike . 
  i will probably feel the same if i had to work with php , ruby and node.js on linux with git . 
  lets pretend that this is true . 
  why would i care ? 
  obviously  he can even do it while they are playing . 
  he should just skip targa , 
  as a professional developer i do n't care why my clients have chosen windows as long as they pay . 
  my software solves their problem , i get their money , we both do not care about platform wars . 
  he knows . 
  he was stating confusion about the use of the term in . net land not asking a question . 
  they called it `` asp.net mvc '', 
  this assumes that there are less money to make on using ms tools which in my experience is not true . 
  of course it might be true but it is hard to test . 
  sorry but this is how humans speak , 
  did you come here from slashdot ? 
  do you also believe microsoft are killing children with vaccines ? 
  yes there are other factors involved and they are quite personal . 
  for example for me it is my passion for languages . 
  since in my area i can not get a job using non-mainstream languages ( say f # , haskell , clojure ... ) i prefer jobs where i can use the best mainstream language ( by far ) - c # . 
  of course there are other things one can be passionate about but the only real metric is making money and providing customers with software that solves their problem . 
  everything else is personal opinion and totally subjective . 
  try instantiating an array of t in java generic code . 
  i do n't see why broken generics are not fixable . 
  in fact java devs have talked about fixing them in the future . 
  i do n't know if we will have to say twitch goodbye but i am sure i will not be buying any more premium subscriptions . 
  i do will not give google money no matter what !, 
  - spain seems to be great country with care-free people . 
  - experience playing in the dreamhack tournament as diamond random player - it is ok to play there even if you are not a high level player, 
  - thoughts about random players in a tournament . 
  - experience watching dreamhack sc2 tournament - taking pictures with players is easy , showing signs on the stream is hard . 
  - a few pictures of me with the pro players . 
  i certainly hope that we can rely on the fact that our labor is in high demand rather than unions . 
  i 'd bet that the girl made the right choice . 
  i disagree . 
  i will continue to produce software for money . 
  also i think proprietary software is pretty high quality and on average better than software produced for no money . 
  i always thought open source cheapens programmer work . 
  i really do n't understand why anyone puts voluntary labor into open source . 
  as a matter of fact i know infinitely more relationships based on wow ( 3 ) than relationships based on open source ( 0 ) . 
  certainly not . 
  nor did any people i know . 
  but they committed to wow ... 
  well i just do n't get it . 
  the only things i put out as open source are worthless . 
  i would never release anything that has any value as open source .
