  i mean they call it expansions but they take more time to release and have more new features than some titles with 2 in their name . 
  titanfall 2 and left 4 dead 2 come to mind . 
  btw if you are only interested in 2 vs 2 you can play the ladder with just 1 person owning a copy . 
  if you want to play non-ladder you do n't even need to buy a copy . 
  ( say 4 friends want to play 2 vs 2 - no need to buy anything ), 
  there is a big issue with free to play in sc2 - cheaters . 
  these days when blizzard swings the ban hammer as rarely as they do cheaters still have to pay money to buy the game . 
  yes the price is not that high for most of them but if they make it 0 ... 
  i think a map hack in dota as bad as it is is not that big of a deal compared to sc2 . 
  there is a rumor for starcraft i hd . 
  we 'll see very soon if the rumor is true . 
  they are just starting with this . 
  there 's been 1 campaign ( or rather 2/3 of a campaign ) released with this model , 1 ( or maybe 2 ) commanders and 0 voice packs . 
  uhm ... no there is n't . 
  if there is i would really like to know where it is so i can use it . 
  i promise after using it i will buy each and every skin they release ( and then proceed to not use it ) . 
  now i have a better idea - let me pay to not see each skin . 
  when they release a new skin i get to pay for not seeing it . 
  everybody wins and blizzard makes money . 
  i 've seen most of the voice pack suggestions suggested by the community on reddit . 
  i have to assume the once i have not seen ( snoop dog ) were proposed by the community but i just missed it . 
  you an go into a channel and find people to play with . 
  regular multiplayer just not matchmaking . 
  you can also play multiplayer with friends for free . 
  also you can play team games ( 2 vs 2 , 3 vs 3 , 4 vs 4 ) on the ladder with matchmaking if just 1 person from the team owns the full game . 
  one of the more interesting options that i can recommend if you have friends playing or interested in starcraft ii is that team games require only one person on the team to own starcraft ii to play on the ladder . 
  if you want to play with friends or look for opponents in chat you can do that for free . 
  to be honest i am kind of annoyed for skins in multiplayer . 
  especially the zergling with wings . 
  yeah but the latest rumor is that they will announce at blizzcon ( i think ... or was it some other event this year ) . 
  the release may be farther away . 
  i am sold . 
  where is the c # implementation ? 
  it is extremely fast `` serialization '' library . 
  it is fast because it does n't actually do serialization . 
  the format defined is the format used by c++ to layout data in memory so `` serialization '' is basically getting the bytes from memory . 
  first of all i am not defending the position that it should pay for multiplayer . 
  i am defending the position that there is no reason it could not if the business decision is made to do so . 
  but let me play the devil 's advocate for a while and try to come up with reasons, 
  - the multiplayer suffers if it is not free . 
  free to play games attract players and players are annoyed by microtransactions . 
  in contrast people tend to pay without complaining about single player campaigns . 
  - the multiplayer keeps the game in the spotlight even when nothing new is released on the campaign front . 
  in a way it serves as a marketing strategy for the single player campaign . 
  note that i am not saying you should pay for multiplayer just trying to imagine a business case for it . 
  i myself am insane fan of starcraft and will pay for both single player and multiplayer just to give blizzard money for making starcraft . 
  i think i may only refuse to pay for nostalgia . 
  it would n't be so strange . 
  blizzard create fanatics ( like myself ) by supporting their titles far beyond the point they are profitable ( or maybe they do generate enough sales to pay the 1 dev appointed to work on that sc1 patch ) . 
  by creating those fanatics they ensure not only a certain amount of sales ( i do own all blizzard games and i will buy legion despite not having played any wow since wrath of the lich king ) and a certain amount of hype for every game they release . 
  maybe it is worth the investment ? 
  i do deserve a lmgtfy link :(, 
  you do n't think sc2 sales are paying pros ' salaries do you ? 
  i thought you were talking about the professional sc players . 
  i am pretty sure the starcraft team is not nearly 200 people at the moment . 
  there was info that it was a hundred people at one point before the release of wol and they were already downscaling back then . 
  pretty sure the team supporting the game is currently orders of magnitude smaller . 
  also i would n't underestimate the amount of money the dlc makes . 
  date calculations are hard :(, 
  good riddance, 
  i wish he stayed an artist . 
  his stories are so clich\u00e9 and getting progressively worse . 
  honestly i will be more impressed if the parent of a 10 year old hits diamond ( and in general is placed higher than his 10 year old interested in the game ), 
  age/age ? 
  i assume you are plat and he is diamond  i look forward to my kid playing games . 
  she is a girl but who knows . 
  her mother is quite hardcore gamer ( not very competitive though ), 
  wait , you made ( allowed ) your kid to play with a trackpad ? 
  as for your daughter i think the campaign is the way to introduce people with no rts experience ( including kids ) to the game . 
  also how old are you ? 
  is she native english speaker ? 
  i 'd imagine that if i introduce my kids to sc i would start at the beginning but we 're not native speakers so i do n't know if she will be able to follow the story . 
  kids do n't care that much about graphics so sc1 should be ok . 
  do you have trouble teaching them to use the mouse ? 
  i have a coworker who has trouble teaching his minecraft playing 7 year old son to use non-touch device . 
  for the record i am 33 and i have a 1 year old daughter . 
  i will be under 50 when my kids are 11 so i guess i might ask for an advice , 
  hmm i 'll try but i have to wait a couple of years , 
  well for the single player the mechanical difficulty of the multiplayer does n't really matter . 
  i just remember that when i was a kid i liked the campaigns ( i still like the campaigns i just like the competitive mode more ) . 
  now obviously you are past the point where you can just pick the games for him , 
  they are so great !, 
  or the other common bug - cache something but it turns out it depends on the user permissions  even steam got screwed by this . 
  there are no ethnic groups that support russia and nato . 
  it is not about ethnicity here . 
  it is bulgarians ( same ethnos ) being split . 
  if we split the country it will be more like south and north korea rather than ukraine situation . 
  also we ca n't really have a line to split it on . 
  it is not like people supporting either side are gathered in a specific part of the country . 
  even more important - value types, 
  yeah , and it should be noted that moq lambdas only look excessive because nsubstitute exists . 
  yeah but when you do apps you kind of tend to rewrite from scratch quite often and start new projects quite often . 
  when you build that banking software in java it is never rewritten . 
  i am seriously not impressed by this syntax . 
  it is extremely lambda heavy . 
  yes it is shorter but i do n't think it improves on the regular syntax on the readability side . 
  i worked on two small projects with react and angular 2 ( 2 months each ) . 
  react is quite annoying with small things that smell of bad engineering . 
  for example the fact that you ca n't extract your template code in a separate file which means that you can not use your favorite tools if they do not support jsx drives me crazy . 
  this problem is solved properly in angular .
