  sorry , i have failed :(, 
  irrelevant in terms of security if you are an average user . 
  only relevant if you compile from source and do not use any closed source app . 
  note that i am not arguing about ultimate security against state-controlled attacker . 
  i am talking about script kiddies , automated attacks and companies that openly sell your data to advertisers . 
  if you want to go one or several steps further go ahead but my surprise is that people do not care at all and wo n't accept even the slightest inconvenience for even basic security . 
  first of all how did you audit samsungs code ? 
  even google play service which is not open source ? 
  and then how does using unpatched os with apps that are confirmed to contain more malware because of lower standards for publishing in the corresponding app store more secure ? 
  uhm ... 
  correct me if i am wrong but is n't your explanation what linus would call `` i do n't know how to c '' ? 
  fair enough . 
  after all what is fun is a matter of perspective . 
  you act as if nexus devices are some significant portion of android market . 
  if we follow this train of thought you can claim that android is the most secure because blackphone is android and it is very secure . 
  also the option to trust ms and apple is not bad at all ( except that apple fail at securing services ) the fact is android users suffer the most hacks . 
  it is a combo of more large market share , more permissive store rules and more permissive os ( it allows apps to do things that are not possible on other platforms ) . 
  as i see it it is a simple matter of statistics . 
  who gets hacked the most ? 
  android users . 
  in addition i disagree with the argument that being able to audit most but not all of the code is enough . 
  this is just as bad as security through obscurity ( which mind you also works to some degree ), 
  do you disagree with the various statistics that claim that android users suffer different types of hacks more often than wp and ios users ? 
  if these statistics are true then either android is insecure in some way or it gives too much control for the average user . 
  i see . 
  if you disagree that more user control can be a bad thing no matter what sample of users we have then we 'll have to disagree on principle . 
  go does n't have generics . 
  this is the definition of bad verbosity . 
  where does he talk about naming conventions ? 
  it is not only for containers . 
  functions like stream < t  filter ( stream < t  source , t -  bool ) are also extremely useful and type safety helps a lot with them . 
  only if you sacrifice type safety . 
  sure but naming conventions are not part of the language design . 
  you can have the same naming conventions in haskell if you wish . 
  do these functions happen to contain any equivalent of casts ? 
  but that 's only about sort is n't it ? 
  analogous increase will happen with functions like map , fold , filter and they become borderline useless because their whole point is to be short . 
  why did they portray jaime lannister 's appearance in game of thrones after you ? 
  i think you should sue, 
  i really really do n't understand why anyone would play ffa . 
  why would you want to play a game that is basically random and depends if several guys attack one guy or not . 
  what i failed to understand from the post is if ffa is removed only in hots or will be removed in lotv too . 
  it turns out you did n't play it enough . 
  yeah that 's what i do n't understand . 
  i just ca n't understand why i people find this fun . 
  i guess this is why i do n't enjoy all those large team games ( tf2 , cs , dota and all the clones ) . 
  i just ca n't stand to play enough with people who play `` for fun '' with no goal and i get super annoyed that they knowingly do not do the optimal thing to win and you just have to play a bunch of random games to get to the level where you can play in a real team . 
  i wish there was a game where the main mode and e-sports money was on 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 and i wish this game was starcraft but yeah i guess i am super minority . 
  now for the record i think blizzard are not right to remove it . 
  if it is dead it will die and move to customs naturally . 
  i am not arguing that shortness is the reason to use map , fold , filter , etc. 
  i am arguing that if they are not reasonably short they can not possibly achieve the goal of being more readable . 
  i strongly disagree with the argument that the fact that you are using the for loop construct means that the code will be more readable . 
  certainly the nested loops and ifs that correspond to chaining the functions in question are less readable . 
  i can assure you that my life is just fine . 
  i just do n't see the recreational value of playing without a meaningful goal . 
  i mean i would n't enjoy throwing a dice to see who gets the highest score . 
  the fun i have with the game is from the intellectual challenge to try to achieve a goal . 
  i play 3 vs 3 with my girlfriend and a friend of mine who do not play the game otherwise and i do n't mind losing with them ( i still have fun ) . 
  i certainly do not argue that map/fold/filter , etc are always more readable than loops . 
  i just claim that in enough cases map , filter , fold , etc. 
  are better than loops and that the lack of generics makes this approach unusable and this is why go is an inferior language . 
  that 's so badass . 
  who invented this ? 
  i love team games i just do n't like large teams . 
  i think the best way to play an rts is 2 vs 2 ( i play 1 vs 1 and enjoy it too ) . 
  i hate the logistics of maintaining a large team and random teams outright suck . 
  small teams are not really a problem . 
  in my experience the logistics burden doubles with each member of the team . 
  arranging to play with a partner is twice as hard as arranging to play alone . 
  arranging to play with two partners ( i.e. 
  3 vs 3 ) is 4 times as hard as arranging to play alone . 
  5 person team is 16 times as hard to keep . 
  i just ca n't endure that . 
  interestingly nobody targets that space . 
  shooters , dotas , world of tanks all target 5 + person teams and rts games all target 1 vs 1 . 
  quake is 1 vs 1 too . 
  the hardest achievement for me was the one where you had to kill n units with a single sniper shot . 
  had to look on youtube to see a way to do it and even then it was very hard . 
  lost vikings took time but i just learned to play the game and beat it . 
  i think i actually did like 3 times the requirements on the same try i managed to pass them . 
  is it hard to do for hots compared to wol ? 
  i played the wol campaign on hard when it was released without hunting specifically for achievements and then did the hunt to 100 % in the week before hots release when the beta went down . 
  i am planning to do the hunt for hots achievements 1 week before lotv but i have n't looked at them yet . 
  what does master achievements mean ? 
  just harder than the rest ? 
  the title is bullshit . 
  we care about our code more because it is harder to fix and create . 
  how long will it take to create a build system if none exists or to fix the broken one ? 
  how long will it take to rewrite your application or fix the bad code in it ? 
  are there people who still believe more comments make the code better ? 
  i thought we already cleared that out . 
  comments are sometimes needed of course . 
  if something is a hack and bad code that is left there for some reason better leave a comment explaining why ( or apologizing ) . 
  if the method implements very complex logic maybe put a long text description how the algorithm works . 
  however in general comments are bad because they can rot . 
  if you change the way the code works the code itself will change . 
  chances are you will change method and variable names but comments can easily be forgotten and do more harm than good . 
  no it ca n't . 
  if you do n't see what is confusing with the code right now how could you possibly write a good comment ?
