  you 've got to love government regulating the market . 
  it always works so well . 
  well $ 1000 is still quite expensive . 
  i assume people in brazil are not complete idiots and will figure out that it is cheaper to buy the console from another country and forget about the warranty . 
  if the machine breaks they can buy a new one and it will still be cheaper . 
  i guess no one buys consoles from local retailers or maybe there is something i miss ? 
  join my quest to abolish the stupid dialog : http://visualstudio.uservoice.com/forums/121579-visual-studio/suggestions/4688830-set-the-default-for-run-when-build-error-occurs -, 
  i was just wondering about that . 
  how do ptvs stack against other ides for python ? 
  how is pycharm years ahead ? 
  can you explain for someone who has never written python . 
  i am downloading ptvs right now . 
  this motivated me to spend a promo code for pluralsight on a python course, 
  but this is not after compile time error , 
  i see . 
  when i write java code ( for coursea 's algorithms course not professionally ) i use jetbrain 's idea and i really feel like the experience in visual studio + c # is superior mainly for 2 reasons, 
  - idea 's auto complete stops working when minor errors occur . 
  vs with c # 's intellisense is much more resilient to compile time errors . 
  at one point i even thought auto complete did n't work in some cases while it turned out that it was minor mistakes down in the same class that was totally blocking it . 
  - idea 's default settings seemed quite unintuitive to me . 
  maybe in most cases it is the fact that i am so used to vs but on the other hand i can not understand why `` break on exception '' would be off by default when debugging . 
  since i do n't plan to use python professionally any time soon i will try using ptvs for learning as i wo n't have to struggle with new environment in addition to new language . 
  i have experienced intellisense stopping multiple times . 
  this bug was introduced in 2012 . 
  i wonder if they fixed it in 2013 . 
  while it is annoying i stumbled upon the idea issue much more often . 
  it may be due to the fact that the course gave an api i had to implement so i just pasted it and started implementing methods top down . 
  the methods further down the class prevented auto complete from working quite often and on methods that should be unrelated . 
  i ca n't even put my finger on what exactly was wrong since when i tested it in new program it worked fine . 
  i realize that in practice you do n't paste and api for a class and start implementing it but it was really annoying . 
  you may be right about dot-driven development but then again why do you think dot-driven development is a bad thing ? 
  in my opinion it is the best way to explore the api quickly and effectively and the main reason i prefer static typing in general . 
  all other methods i can think of result in worse results per unit of time invested . 
  sure if you read the full documentation you will have better understanding of the library but it will take much more time that can be used to become familiar with several other libraries . 
  http://www.smartplanet.com/blog/bulletin/top-10-countries-with-the-fastest-internet/24801 - we made it in top 10 list of countries by internet speed and we are barely in the stone age . 
  imagine what will happen if we get to bronze age , 
  this is certainly part of the reason . 
  another reason is that networks were built before stupid politicians managed to `` regulate '' them so every company was laying cables wherever they saw fit . 
  they are trying to regulate shit now but i hope companies ignore the law . 
  we tend to ignore laws in bulgaria , 
  i believe we have relatively good penetration as well and quite strong it sector ( mostly outsourcing obviously but some big name companies ) . 
  now i am normally quick to bash bulgaria and there are good reasons to do so but internet and gaming related things are not among those . 
  i have to admit our sc2 scene is very weak but we had respectable history in both warcraft iii and starcraft i which includes a couple of wcg medals . 
  i happen to know about this tournament that the organizers do not have experience and have made some questionable decisions but the tournament is happening as promised and they did manage to get the stars ( elfi , dayshi , tod ) to come here . 
  they are a net positive i guess . 
  alternative stream while there are technical problems on the main one - http://www.twitch.tv/doomnothx, 
  so does that mean sc2 is not dying now ? 
  as a ( non-game ) programmer my advice is to prepare to spend a long time ( at least 2 years ) learning and not being able to do anything real and rewarding . 
  after the hard start being a programmer is actually quite cool because you know you are the one who makes things work and the guys with the `` big '' ideas depend on you . 
  two questions, 
  - what is your plan when your game fails, 
  - how do you feel about people like me who think indie games are overrated , ca n't stand intentionally bad graphics ( minecraft comes to mind ) and think that aaa games are statistically much better investment of one 's time than indie games ? 
  btw despite my negative attitude towards the indie scene i really wish you luck . 
  we need more people willing to put their money where their mouth is . 
  thanks for your answer . 
  about question 1 i meant in personal plan if your project fails not about the project itself . 
   i disagree . 
  i loved xp on my desktop and never upgraded to 7 . 
  on my laptop , which had 7 , i did n't love 7 but did n't really hate it either . 
  how did you know that value 125 ? 
  do you happen to know if it applies only to razer software or for all mouse software . 
  yeah , all it has to do with programming is that the author is phil haack, 
  i know a woman who works at cisco and managed some projects outsourced to india . 
  we talked a bit about indian devs and one thing stuck in my mind . 
  she said that whatever you say they will commit to doing it even if you specifically ask if it can be done . 
  she says that she believes it is the structure of the indian society ( caste system ) that makes indian developers perceive the manager as someone of a higher caste whom they should not risk angering or something . 
  now you list practically the same thing in your bullet points and i think this is the biggest problem india must fight . 
  it is not the quality of the code it is the cultural incompatibility . 
  i am from bulgaria and we comment on this a lot because we are a popular and cheap ( compared to the west but more expensive than india ) place for outsourcing so we are in a way directly competing with india . 
  interestingly a good deal of outsourced projects were previously outsourced to india i wonder what do people who outsourced projects to bulgaria think about us . 
  well ok ... maybe , 
  they certainly have interesting projects and the projects are their own and not outsourced . 
  the culture of not objecting to someone higher in the hierarchy maybe ? 
  i 've heard the legends too , 
  i mentioned who said it was culture . 
  a woman i know who managed outsourced project with indian contractors . 
  of course she may be wrong but on the other hand i 've never heard this being said about any other nation . 
  note that the top comment lists exactly the same problem and in both cases it looked like it was the actual developers and not the company who are not able to object or report on requirements . 
  i do n't think anyone assumes that but when people discuss india from it perspective the impact the country makes is mainly as low-cost outsourcing destination . 
  if i was nani i would gladly bet against myself . 
  this way i can not lose . 
  i either win blizzcon or win the bet , 
  thanks . 
  this will be good to know when i get to the next wcs finals , 
  the most annoying thing is that there are many people that are ok with that and even claim it is better that way . 
  why does it claim ie does not support webgl ? 
  btw unless it looks better than unreal tournament 2003 the web platform still sucks bad because unreal tournament 2003 is 10 years old !, 
  so they are noobs who use browser detection instead of feature detection ? 
  you are so right !, 
  imagine where cpus , jvm or clr would be today if they had to support 2 , 3 or even 4 languages ... oh wait ... 
  nor about blogposts but i have argued with people on forums and coworkers on the topic, 
  i personally intend to develop native apps ( be it mobile or desktop ) for less money while i can and get back to abusing technology by building applications in a document format when there are no more jobs for native development or they pay too low . 
  i already have 5 years of web dev experience so i should be able to get to speed relatively fast . 
  on the other hand if you ask me what the industry should do ... well i do n't know . 
  they cornered themselves in with their bullshit strategies and are now stuck on the nuclear peace that is the web . 
  everyone knows it sucks but at least it sucks equally for everybody . 
  exactly  but i can still write in multiple languages for said cpus, 
  hmmm ... 
  i am not 100 % sure but i feel like it was different yesterday ... or i may be wrong . 
  the article lost me on long working hours ...
