  what bothers me is the very fact that they decided that they can skip devs like this . 
  service packs certainly do and this one even contains new apis ( although they have been frozen since the beta ), 
  of course they will pull out and they will claim us sabotage of their team . 
  dancing games ? 
  everything wii sold 90 million consoles for but better ? 
  if you are scare emigrate . 
  if you are not fight . 
  all over the world there have been revolutions all over through human history and governments have been overthrown . 
  i do n't know man . 
  it is iran . 
  they do things for no reason . 
  remember their cardboard fighter plane ? 
  if only i knew who would care about all this for dancing games , yoga , etc. 
  how do you know 360 was not profitable over its lifetime especially if you consider the gold subscriptions ? 
  entertainment division turned quite good profit for years and in the same time they buried the losses from windows phone there . 
  even if they do n't make profit there are still strategic reasons to be in the console business . 
  in fact these were the reasons they got into it to begin with ( there are legends about bill gates asking people if they want to get in the console business or becoming purely enterprise company like oracle ), 
  this is not my article . 
  on the other hand i enjoy the asshole tone and i am a big fan of zed shaw , 
  iranians are n't blocked from travelling abroad and people were emigrating to the west during the communist regimes in eastern and central europe with risk of being shot . 
  emigrating from iran is very easy . 
  people who think like this deserve to play without female champions and all the other things they live with in iran . 
  if you are happy with the problems in your country ( and as far as i know iran has more severe problems than lol tournaments ) then stay . 
  if you are not then leave ( or rebel ) . 
  in any case you deserve what you 've got . 
  obviously every country has problems and you find the best balance for you but you do n't complain that the government is shit and then do nothing about it . 
  i 'm from bulgaria ... you know a country where people used to be shot while running across the border and one guy actually holds the world record for longest political imprisonment for rebelling against the communist regime . 
  also the income here is relatively low and what i say about iranians i say about elderly bulgarians - they deserve the low pensions and the poverty they get because this is the country they built . 
  you certainly ca n't change a whole country alone . 
  if you disagree with the majority you have the option to leave . 
  i would certainly leave if i was not satisfied by my income ( or with something else major like if my country was ruled by religious law ) . 
  in fact i solve the low income problem by working for foreign companies or companies who work on foreign projects . 
  no kinect no deal . 
  i do n't care about sub standard motion gaming and for hardcore gaming i have a real pc, 
  update panels rule !, 
  only morons think they suck because they did n't bother to read on how they work and when to use them . 
  in 99 % of the cases these tricks are not needed . 
  just set the cache to something small like 5 seconds . 
  unless your data is very expensive to produce ( i.e. 
  the 1 % ) you get the same performance without all the pain of invalidating the cache manually . 
  can you post a short description of how it works . 
  for some reason i thought a brainfuck interpreter in braifuck would be somewhat shorter although i have a little bit of trouble wrapping my head around the corner cases . 
  i am perfectly sure there is more interest in a write up than in actual code , 
  i actually like the game but hate the maps . 
  the original wol map pool ( when the game was released ) produced much more interesting games . 
  i know you are joking but i actually hate these things with passion . 
  i hate fruitland , i hate flying sharks , i hate watch towers that look like gateways . 
  these make it harder for new viewers to get into the game and are not really funny . 
  already crying ... all the feels ... 
  my gf made me a neutral sc2 cake but she does play zerg, 
  you must be so proud of your accomplishment . 
  i reply with ` from what ' so they have to type more, 
  i get really annoyed when i hear wolf uses it like this . 
  so meaningless ... 
  i bet random players get cheesed more than they cheese themselves . 
  by cheese i mean things like cannon rush , proxy rax or 6 pool not two base attacks that for some inexplicable reason the community calls all ins, 
  defending cheese is very real play . 
  as is cheering . 
  i like to pretend that they went bankrupt because their website was blocking internet explorer despite the fact that it worked if you spoofed the user agent . 
  no web product deserves to live if the revs ca n't be bothered to support the most popular browser out there . 
  my favorite part is when artosis declares something along the lines of `` he went for a third all in when the first two failed '', 
  unless you literally lose it is not an all-in ( in the poker sense of the word ) . 
  the very fact that we 've heard multiple times `` second all in '' or `` third all in '' ( by casters ) makes the term wrong . 
  let alone that the very fact that people debate what is an all in and what is not makes the term pure bullshit ( in the poker sense of the word all-in ), 
  see my comment here, 
  i play lower masters . 
  i feel like when people do n't know what to do against random they just use the most absurd cheese they can think of on the fly . 
  then i should delay it just 5 seconds ? 
  yes they do . 
  to be honest i did not run into many 6 pools lately but protosses regularly proxy gates which is pretty much the same against terran . 
  as a random player i get asked about race a lot and unless i am in one of those periods where i 've fallen to diamond i announce the race ( i.e. 
  i announce it when i am in masters ) . 
  however this is such a bullshit . 
  asking for a race is like asking for the location of the map . 
  this is hidden information i can use to my advantage . 
  i do n't really get why people ask about race . 
  after all what are you gon na do in a tournament if instead of practicing and refining anti-random builds all you do is ask for race ? 
  are you going to ask the random player for the race in a tournament ? 
  he 's just gon na laugh at you . 
  better use the time to practice against random . 
  let me explain why you got all the hate :, 
  ladder ( or competitive play in general ) is not about getting to number one on some chart . 
  it is about being the best or more practically about improving . 
  most of us aim for a higher league not because we want to brag but because it would be a measurement to our improvement . 
  we do n't do it to show it to our friends but to show it to ourselves . 
  you 've got nothing to show to yourself . 
  we 're not suggesting that you are the worst person ever . 
  we 're just pointing out that your `` joke '' is not funny . 
  have you seen a game continue after they fail ? 
  if the answer is `` yes '' they are by definition not all-ins . 
  the community definition is stupid because you can not possibly know if the all-inning player has a planned transition . 
  for example 11/11 rax vs zerg always have planned transitions and 4 gate transitions pretty well if you manage to force enough sentries to delay the tech and kill some units . 
  as a matter of fact more often than not i have a planned transition when the opponent declares that i went all-in . 
  not that i mind not having planned transition ... my definition may be too narrow but the community 's definition is too broad to the point where it does not contain any information . 
  yep . 
  except it does not contain information and in fact actively lies about how much damage it needs to do which i would argue is the most important information in these scenarios . 
  this is exactly what i thought when i saw the picture . 
  he means your level of play . 
  i like it how 2004 is considered ancient history of sc where i think anyone who started playing after d22-soso retired a newcomer , 
  not really .
