  in any case nobody is going to complain about unseen skins because nobody would know his skins are not seen . 
  i am quite certain blizzard are still making more money from sales . 
  however you are right , i will vote with my wallet and never again buy anything that contains skins . 
  the option to disable skins was debated several times this week . 
  one point in the discussion was that people would not buy the war chest if there was an option to disable skins . 
  lets have a poll to see how many people feel like that . 
  i really want such an option . 
  i am such a sucker for e-sports and starcraft that i buy all the crap they release and actually bought 7-8 copies of the game and gifted it to friends of mine but for the first time i feel like i should n't have given blizzard money . 
  i will try to never again buy anything involving skins . 
  lets have a poll - https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/6qry3s/poll_would_you_buy_the_war_chest_if_there_was_an/, 
  it is very casual friendly and it is unlocked via xp . 
  you can play ranked , unranked , team games or coop and you will still get experience win or loss . 
  i think like 20 games per phase are needed but it depends on the game ( you ca n't just quit the game to get xp ), 
  but if the claimed cross-platformness of opengl and other tools was real that would n't matter would it ? 
  so either cross-platform tools suck or they are not as seamlessly cross platform as they claim . 
   you do n't have any external state to worry about , all that matters is the method input values and you can expect a predictable outcome, 
  this is not what `` static methods '' means, 
  so the cross-platform tools are just bad which begs the question - is a cross-platform gamedev toolchain that is cheap to use even possible or is the linux/mac ecosystem not interested in developing it ? 
  how does this guy even have viewers ? 
  i love 2 vs 2 a lot and i want to watch 2 vs 2 streams but i am not that desperate as to watch protech . 
  i bet he plays 2v2 rt player because nobody would team up with him on purpose, 
  well that 's like cheating is n't it ? 
  the answer is 3 years old . 
  can someone explain what happens in 3 months with the activation of 2x ? 
  is it possible that 2x does not activate somehow ? 
  i was under the impression that as long as even one miner is running 2x software the fork will happen and we will get third coin . 
  i was not promised an option to disable skins when i bought the pack . 
  the deal is fair, 
  i find it interesting that the post is highly downvoted even though people are voting in the poll a lot . 
  i mean why downvote a poll you are voting into ? 
   i guess people just dislike my comment, 
  is n't it possible that the first block takes a day or something ? 
  so that guy will stream for a day and talk while nothing is happening ? 
  where can i see the results from these showmatches ? 
  unless they consider windows a dead platform i think they should make a mobile device or windows will in fact become a dead platform . 
  i am happily using 950xl . 
  if it stops working or i break it and ms have not released surface phone i will buy an iphone . 
  windows itself will die if it refuses to compete in the mobile space . 
  they may lose in the mobile space but if they are not fighting in the mobile space they will lose the tablets , then laptops and then the desktop . 
  honestly i do n't understand how the company can be worth more as cloud-only . 
  windows is profitable and i really do n't see how ms can keep user mindshare if they do not have consumer products . 
  in addition it is not like they are leaders in the cloud . 
  they ca n't just bet on the cloud horsem, 
  they wo n't get apps if they do n't provide a phone platform . 
  even a small number of phones drives devs to develop for touch . 
  without the phone tablets will be subpar because they will be left with desktop mouse and keyboard apps and a couple of ms built apps that actually support touch, 
  no suicides because they have n't dumped anything . 
  if they owned any coins to begin with . 
  the funny part is that if they hodl any coin the fork caused their money to cost more . 
  even after the bch price dropped a bit segwitcoin + bch  btc price before the fork . 
  yeah ... 
  programmers cost money . 
  they should get rid of their programmers i bet the cloud will do just fine without them . 
  also there was not any consistency . 
  especially bad in the . net and c # categories where topics were just randomly added to one or the other . 
  the ms cloud is only used because the client ecosystem generates ms developers . 
  do you think that those azure customers are deploying java apps ? 
  however if you do it for political reasons you do n't have this problem . 
  i am treating my btc investment as a political donation . 
  i do n't do it for the profit . 
  i do it because it makes the world a better place . 
  interestingly this strategy has multiplied my investment several times and i do n't mind having more money but if btc goes to zero ... well i 'll know i tried . 
   there 's nothing wrong with a unit not scaling well into later parts of the game, 
  i very strongly disagree with this . 
  this is why i always hated the reaper through all its iterations . 
  i agree but snowballing is not that big of a deal and there are ways to prevent it via researches . 
  zealots are a perfect example ( well at least they were before adepts replaced them in the early game . 
  zerglings are another great example . 
  marines are good too but they do have a tendency to snowball, 
  i know that you can run java on azure . 
  my point is that barely anybody does this . 
  hell , i know as much java devs as . net devs , my girlfriend is a java dev . 
  they not only deploy elsewhere they do n't even know you can run java on azure . 
  to be honest they already have 3 currencies in their site . 
  i have to imagine most of the work to support a new one is done, 
  nothing that requires programming a real-world system is easy, 
  yeah in hindsight i think it would be better to build a code sample database rather than documentation in the classical sense . 
  there were quite a bit of requests of the type `` repository pattern with entity framework '' i feel these types of articles can be crowdsourced better, 
  it is not only medivacs that make marines scale ( well medivacs too ) . 
  there is stim and combat shield too . 
  with upgrades that unlock on the appropriate place in the tech tree you can make every unit scale and fulfill specific role early on and give it another role in the late game while preventing snowballing . 
  i do n't see why the price would be affected by big miners mining bch, 
  `` memepool '' is great , 
  ok in your own estimate what percentage of azure customers do not come from . net background ? 
  is it even possible that 2x does n't happen ? 
  is n't it the case that even if 1 node + 1 miner is running 2x a fork happens in the way bitcoin cash forked ? 
  if the exchanges and the miners follow on their promises and hard fork while branding segwit2x as bitcoin and core coin as something else they can push it . 
  exchanges will ensure the bitcoin brand stays with segwit2x and if the miners switch the core coin will become slow for some time , wo n't it ? 
  yeah and the reason is that some companies have 10 apps of 1 kind and 1 app of another kind . 
  you will lose these customers if you do not offer all options . 
  but the reduction of miners in the non-2x part will make it slower . 
  so if 50 % of the miners switch that means that the 2x part will be two times as fast . 
  does n't the agreement represent most of the hashpower ? 
  even if only half of them keep their word they will make the fork much more desirable and if the exchanges use the name bitcoin for 2x then it is sealed . 
  strange . 
  the price of the two coins combined has been 20 % higher than it was before the fork . 
  the fork increased my profits . 
  seems like both are up ~ 20x since they forked, 
  i think big blocks are the right way to evolve bitcoin and the small blockers are full of shit for censoring and ddosing people but i honestly did n't believe bcc would cost more than $ 20 in the first week . 
  assuming that you are correct i do n't see how being able to acquire a high-degree of very specialist knowledge excludes the possibility that this is only possible to do by a superior person .
