  otherwise just remove all the laws governing immigration . 
  yeah , maybe it is much better for this yellow or brown person to starve to death instead of build iphones . 
  to be honest i doubt i broke any laws today but assuming that i broke a lot i do n't get your point . 
  are you actually supporting my position that the laws that are not enforced should not exist ? 
  when my bosses tell me that `` something should be done by xyz '' i tell them that we will try and it will either be done or not done . 
  let them fire me if they see fit . 
  i also describe this attitude in my replies when a recruiter contacts me . 
  obviously they fall in the category of laws that should be removed . 
  there is absolutely nothing good in having a law that is not enforced . 
  if we do not care if it is enforced we should remove it because it gives unfair advantage to people who break the law . 
  if we care about it we should make sure it is enforced . 
  the current immigration situation in the us is absolutely the worst option - everything is doing illegal things and nobody is trying to stop them . 
  there is this idea i think coming from ancient rome ( not actually implemented ) that breaking each and every law should be punishable by death . 
  if it is not worth punishing something with death then the thing is question is not really important and there should not be laws about it . 
  i kind of agree with the general premise . 
  i do n't live in the usa and we do n't have most of these laws but as a matter of fact i did not break any of them today . 
  of course i have broken some of them at some point . 
  you preordered collector 's edition of lotv ? 
  is there info on that ? 
  local stores still do n't have preorder because they say they do n't know how many units they will be able to get . 
  oh the drama ... should i order it from amazon and wait for it to arrive through mail or wait for the local retailers and risk not getting it due to unsufficient number of units shipped to them . 
  i am just using the same word / u/whatsabitcoins used, 
  irrelevant . 
  if they had better option today they would take it . 
  for c # this is a very reasonable question . 
  to be fair these are actually comments . 
  eric lippert and jon skeet are still posting responses so your argument is invalid . 
   spawn larva is reduced to 2 per injection , and set to autocast by default, 
  does that mean that it is practically impossible to use your first queen to do a creep tumor with its starting energy ? 
  i think the meta will shift back towards early orbitals . 
  even the supply drop is a form of economy boost . 
  yes . 
  scan is pretty big reason though but not urgent . 
  on the other hand you can offset the cost of the orbital with a few supply drops . 
  this was my first thought when i read that the autocast is on by default . 
  just turn it off by default . 
  till yesterday zerg players were injecting like crazy every 30 seconds , now one click per queen is a problem ... 
  alternative solution can be to add an option just like the starting worker rally option . 
  yeah but it will be scouted easily because scans are cheap now , 
  i am not sure what choice you talk about . 
  i am pretty sure the suggestion in question does not reduce choice in any way . 
  also larva inject was a terrible macro mechanic , probably the worst thing in sc2 i am happy to see it gone and so do many other people . 
  i do n't mind macro mechanics in general just larva inject . 
  reducing scan radius is a great idea . 
  please propose it somewhere . 
  i would also favor energy cost increase together with reduced scan radius . 
  in general i feel like detectors are too easy to get in sc2 . 
  so i do n't agree with this guy 's opinion either but why the hell do people downvote him ? 
  it is reasonable suggestion written in a reasonable way . 
  probably there will not be much need for this after the pylon nerf . 
  on the other hand all msc abilities create the incentive for the protoss to not split his army because only one part of it can have the msc with it . 
  this type of hero unit is a stupid idea . 
  there are significant differences between equals and = = in c # . 
  for example if the compile time type of the variable is object = = does reference comparison while equals still does string comparison . 
  but they fired that homophobe brenden eich . 
  surely appealing to sjws offsets a sucky browser . 
  i know this is extremely far fetched but i hope one day rapture ... 
  i mean seasteading becomes real - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seasteading, 
  yeah , sealand is cool and all but it is not a place where you can actually live . 
  honestly i 'd rather see the reaper gone . 
  always felt like extremely stupid single-purpose unit . 
  i fail to see a single reason why larva inject is a good thing . 
  yes it is hard but why the hell would anyone want to develop that skill , want to watch someone displaying that skill or admire someone who has developed that skill is beyond me . 
  it is extremely dumb thing . 
  it is like admiring someone who can hit his head in the wall . 
  i am not particularly fond of building supply depots and i would like to see the process automated but automating it is not straight forward because building supply depots requires some decision making . 
  you decide when to build them and where to build them . 
  she got you icecream ? 
  obviously wants to have sex with you you lucky guy !, 
  web forms is great . 
  its problems are really overblown . 
  i really enjoy watching react become super popular using ideas that are very similar to web forms ( not invented in web forms of course ), 
  the overly complex lifecycle plus only one server-side form per page are the only significant problems with web forms . 
  i still feel like it is a better approach than asp.net mvc with its absurd helper methods all over the place and that broken imitation of a component called renderaction, 
  you may want to build a more complex course but in order for it to be complete you need the download vs lesson . 
  do n't thank me !, 
  i did n't watch since i already know how to install visual studio and have built a tictactoe , 
  fun fact : in ancient times terran mech play was called `` metal '' . 
  it was maybe around late 1999 when players discovered that they can play metal against protoss . 
  there were even people who made the distinction between heavy ( land ) metal and air metal . 
  i tried to google references but it was pretty hard because google results list various performances of metal music related to sc ( like metal covers of the terran theme ) and i almost thought it was a local thing or my memory serves me bad . 
  however then i discovered this liquipedia article that makes reference to terran metal - http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft2/terran_strategy_ ( old ), 
  the rts genre itself is in a swamp it just so happens that currently non-fantasy rts games fill the niche . 
   high level macro impresses me in the same way that high level ddr impresses me . 
  it shows a high level of expertise and a great deal of time invested but it does not show me any spark of brilliance . 
  i want starcraft to be a game that is more about strategy , micro , map control and positioning rather than about performing the same repetitive actions perfectly in order to eke out the biggest army possible . 
  the interesting part of macro in starcraft is the decision of what to make , not the execution of actually making it . 
  this !, 
  a thousand times this !, 
  sc is a strategy game and the design should promote that rather than mechanics . 
  of course every real time game will involve mechanics but the idea that this is what we should admire and that the game should promote this aspect because supposedly this is real `` skill '' is beyond me . 
  well if jquery compensates for helper methods then you can just as easily do things with web forms . 
  if you build your ui on the client why care about the server framework ? 
  yeah but you can do that with webforms too . 
  just render the control in a string and return that . 
  suddenly the downsides of web forms disappear ( since you do n't have post back at all ) . 
  of course the frameworks these days choose to ignore web forms but that is not a flaw of the architecture just reflection of the popular opinion of the community . 
  they have confirmed they will expand it to other . net platforms later . 
  they just want to start with mobile . 
  i believe it is because it is easier with the tightly controlled apis there .
