  lotv reduces the strategic decision a player makes where the bw model enhances is . 
  also note that the bw model has diminishing returns for having more workers and therefore players rarely go to 80 workers which means that hitting the max is much rarer in brood war . 
  i do n't know about you but i hate it when i am ahead but not enough to kill the opponent so he just waits until he maxes out and we are effectively equal again . 
  people hate on deathballs , force fields and what not when comparing sc1 to sc2 but in my opinion the economic model is the most important difference where sc2 is inferior . 
  12 workers is just cutting off some early strategies . 
  it has no baring on the economy . 
  it is like fast forwarding the game but it is essentially the same game . 
  interestingly if the bw model is introduced people may choose builds with less than 12 workers much more often . 
  10 would be better but i actually support reverting the workers change and going back to 6 . 
  i see absolutely no value in this change and the downside is that a set of strategies some of which iconic for sc ( 6 lings rush ) are effectively removed . 
  i actually dislike how sc2 design promotes worker harass so much . 
  they invent units for the sole purpose of harassing workers and it is kind of annoying that worker harass is the main goal of the game . 
  i do n't get the `` dull to cast '' argument . 
  it gives opportunity for casters to discuss the map , the players ' styles and many more . 
  i never feel bored during this part of the game when the casting is of good quality . 
  interestingly even people like me who would disagree with this statement agree that the economic model of sc1 is far superior to the economic model of sc2 . 
  in fact i think all other perceived advantages of sc1 are indirect result from the superior economic model . 
  well google are experimenting with e js vm in chrome that will use types . 
  if the experiment results in significant performance improvements then js will become typed . 
  probably sucks for some of the customers but i have never met a developer who regrets working with silverlight . 
  i for one wish i had worked with it more when i could be paid to do it . 
  in fact i learned some silverlight for windows phone development when it was already clear that it was dead as a browser plugin . 
  and the most important think about silverlight is that its death was not their decision . 
  it was apple who killed it . 
  in fact ms tried to convince apple to allow silverlight on the iphone but failed . 
  sources say they tried really hard . 
  even more annoying is that some of these units ( oracle , reaper ) are pretty much useless outside their role as worker harass units . 
  starcraft 1 did not have this type of harass-only units . 
  even the reaver could and was used in real battles . 
  yeah i was talking about hots . 
  yeah , my concern is not so much about certain units but with the fact that blizzard designs a unit for a specific role and then if people find a way to use it otherwise they nerf it back into that role . 
  a well-designed unit will have multiple uses and can be used in both early and later stages of the game . 
  do n't pro players use their phones for game related things like checklists , settings , etc ? 
  i have my game settings in my phone and use it every time i have to do my setup in a tournament . 
  i also have my map vetos and even build orders written down . 
  i understand the latter do n't apply to pros but still ... 
  hmm now that i think of it i do have the stuff online , i just read it on the phone . 
  but if i leave my browser running as a player would n't it be even more dangerous ? 
  after all these days i can be on voice chat in the browser . 
  what is the accepted way to list your salary in western europe ? 
  i am asking because in bulgaria you say what you get ( or expect if you are in an interview ) after taxes ( the net salary ) and in the us it is the opposite . 
  also interesting if the survey had definition for what salary is . 
  we have like 25 % female developers but my current company is the only company i have worked at where this is the case . 
  in my admittedly anecdotal experience working in a team without women and in a team with a lot of women is not related to the success of the team . 
  in fact i have observed this in a small 5 person team where at one point the female dev left and we got a male replacement . 
  i do n't know about harassment but male developers also get ignored , not promoted and talked over . 
  male developers also have to work with the dick portion of programmers . 
  i do n't know how these studies find this conclusions . 
  i think it is near impossible to measure promotion and ignoring objectively . 
  certainly if i was in charge for promotions i would n't judge by years of experience and degree of education when promoting someone . 
  but here is a heretical statement - it is the field that is probably doing best of any industry and this is true worldwide . 
  if it works so well why change it ? 
  who knows maybe it is the bro culture and the horrible patterns that makes it so successful . 
  if women are so convinced the industry is wrong they are free to build women-only companies and crash competition on the market . 
  how the hell were you driven out ? 
  who drove you out ? 
  i mean jobs , gates , ellison started their companies from 0 . 
  why did n't women do it at the time when they were supposedly driven out ? 
  25 devs 6 female . 
  talking about pure devs not the company headcount although if we add the business analysts and accounting/hr the ratio is pretty much the same . 
  i hope it does n't suck as bad as the typescript course . 
  seems like the `` women in tech '' initiatives work best in india . 
  we work with java , . net and python . 
  pretty much everyone is using windows because at some point he has been involved in a . net project . 
  especially true for the front-end devs who work on a lot of projects . 
  you are downvoted but do n't worry !, 
  what you said was recently confirmed in a court ruling . 
  we do n't do performance reviews ( i guess we are too small and the boss knows everyone personally ) . 
  however i really doubt any of these would be applied to female devs by either team leaders or fellow devs . 
  now that i think of this i am probably the person who would have these words on the performance review if we had one since i am the one who talks in a loud voice ( including being told to shut up on several occasions ) and am bitching to people who work with me about following formatting conventions and other unimportant stuff , 
  well ... 
  i am a firm believer in capitalism and do believe capital goes where it should even if i personally disagree . 
  for example i am very annoyed by the fact that advertising is so huge as a business and i ca n't pay for certain services to use them without ads . 
  if the market speaks i will shut up . 
  i do n't know about where you work but in every company i have worked math performance has not been the dominant factor for how much value you produce for the company . 
  someone tell him !, 
  the nsa spy cam blocker is a must have !, 
  ok let me ask you something . 
  why does it matter what his position on climate change is ? 
  i mean what do people who care about climate change expect the us president to do ? 
  go to war with china ? 
  ban import from china ? 
  because the chinese do n't care about climate change and anything anyone does is irrelevant as long as china and india continue to produce co2 . 
  i feel like women prefer more stable companies . 
  the risk of delayed paycheck ( even if it does not happen ) or the company losing an investor and going out of business is too much for them . 
  the company i currently work for does not shine with anything but is remarkably stable including low number of people leaving . 
  i have not witnessed any case of overtime although i have heard it has happened . 
  i think this type of stability makes women stay while men are more likely to go after interesting projects / technologies or higher pay . 
  something along the lines that women make up the discrimination claims . 
  what if it turns out that men go to work for startups for the brogrammer culture ? 
  what is the problem with having different cultures in different companies and people going to whatever culture they like ? 
  well we just split the two demographics and do n't insist that they work together . 
  brogrammers get fired from established companies for harassing women and go form their own companies and women do not apply for a job there . 
  problem solved . 
  i am for the removal of all subsidies but i was under the impression that solar and wind is subsidized and not coal and oil . 
  at least i am sure this is the case in europe and i assumed it was the same in the us . 
  if you have problems with capitalism you are free to go and fight capitalism but do n't blame the problems ( real or imagined ) on sexism . 
  they wanted to but then the netbook revolution happened . 
  also this is about running 32 bit apps on 64 bit os which is entirely different feature from the os support for 32 bit processors . 
  12 workers start kills a lot of strategies including the most iconic starcraft strategy - the 6 lings rush .
