  if you are in a libertarian in a non-swing state it only makes sense to vote gary . 
  where does it say that `` lesser of two evils '' is not libertarian ? 
  is it written in the nap or something ? 
  i am really excited about this . 
  imagine the human-assisted ai competition . 
  you program your ai and then get in the tournament with it . 
  lets see who 's the best cyborg !, 
  at this point i think it will be best if they keep the warcraft universe a mmo and the starcraft universe for rts . 
  i loved warcraft but lost my connection to it due to wow . 
  btw at some point blizzard had a game about airships ( it was mentioned in a presentation about games they canceled before they were announced ) . 
  i am drooling at the very mention of steampunk . 
  come on blizzard give me a new rts ip with steampunk setting and airships please and make the default multiplayer mode and balance 2 vs 2, 
  you called your computer browder ? 
  you are a real fan !, 
  yeah and it is not that i do n't love starcraft but the franchize can use a rest or it will become wow-like bloated universe . 
  it is not like they will announce it 5 years in advance . 
  every time one of my juniors screws up i chop one of their fingers . 
  if someone is left with 5 fingers or less they are fired . 
  `` stealing votes '' is absurd argument . 
  it is your vote how can you steal it ? 
  there is an argument to be made that a libertarian who thinks trump is the lesser evil and can win while gary can not win can vote trump in a state where it might affect the outcome of the election . 
  i am not saying i would do that i am saying that i will not blame such a libertarian and not claim that he is not a libertarian . 
  minimizing your losses is consistent with libertarianism . 
  liberal media is trying to destroy him already for agreeing with the verdict in the zimmerman case . 
  this one too - http://nypost.com/2016/10/14/ken-bone-is-actually-kind-of-an-awful-guy/, 
  on the other hand i am not sure liberal media counts . 
  i am not convinced they actually believe the bullshit they write . 
  only mistakes written in code count !, 
  the `` scripting language '' bullshit is quite annoying . 
  the language itself is not `` scripting language '' . 
  it can be used as a scripting language to control a program . 
  any attempt to define the language itself as scripting will fail . 
  hell , there are c++ interpreters out there !, 
  for the record - i am not a native english speaker but i do n't think this saves my finger, 
  but what about `` i could care less '' . 
  as a programmer it drives me crazy because of the logical inconsistency it contains . 
  the question is can you scale software development to windows proportions and windows importance in a better way . 
  note that while say facebook scales on proportions it does not scale on importance . 
  the amount of paying clients that depend on facebook functionality and api staying stable is far less than it is on windows . 
  i swear the main problem with vista was that they decided to lie that 512mb of ram was enough and people upgraded ... 
  in fact if you have 2gb of ram vista is not slower than xp but ms decided to lie and therefore failed miserably . 
  if they had said - use xp on slower computers and vista if you have 2gb of ram it would have faired much better . 
  office is also unparalleled, 
  there is no empirical evidence that linux is better than windows . 
  windows makes more money . 
  now money is not the only criteria but windows does succeed in most real-world goals it sets for itself . 
  i swore to never use openoffice months before the libreoffice fork . 
  the same people that claimed openoffice was good enough then claim libreoffice is good enough now . 
  i was one of them back then but around that time i needed to write 50 pages of not entirely trivial document . 
  undo did n't work reliably ( specifically when there were pictures ) it was crashing , impress was crashing a lot . 
  i did finish the documents i needed and bought office 2010 the next week . 
  it not only worked but also had features like live preview ( you just move your mouse over the menus and it shows you what the document would look if you applied this option ) . 
  the contrast with the non-working undo was stunning . 
  also office is free for students if the administration of your university or school applies for the corresponding ms programs . 
  yeah but i still believe the openoffice bullshit hides inside libreoffice and i do n't think there is a killer feature that someone can show me to make me switch back from ms office so i can check if the assumption is true . 
  killer features are things like the live preview . 
  if the end product is not better then why do we think the methodology is better ? 
  ok by what objective criteria is linux developed in a better way ? 
  you select some text and hover over the fonts in the font menu and the text changes without you actually doing a selection . 
  if you do n't click anything the change is reverted . 
  this is great when you are trying to find the right font/size etc and do not want to click every option to see how it looks . 
  it is hard to me to judge if the linux kernel delivers product faster than the windows kernel but windows iterates much faster on app platform and ui side ( i.e. 
  the whole metro thing was impressive and radical change ), 
  even if it has it now office had it in 2010 . 
  i mean i will need a feature of this caliber that office does not have to consider checking libre, 
  it is time that everyone accepts that resistance is futile and starts writing their libraries in typescript . 
  your dick is socialist !, 
  yeah that too . 
  not sure which one was 1 and which one 2 but certainly both are top 2 . 
  in fact windows 7 was barely different from vista internally . 
  the only significant difference is that it ran on 1gb of ram but on 4gb of ram it was not faster than vista and not more stable ( once they fixed the drivers vista was ok ), 
  i do n't know why people act as if time is infinite . 
  the blogpost ends with `` try something new '' . 
  ok i certainly can try linux but then what will i not try instead ? 
  drop that cryptography course on coursera ? 
  sacrifice my time learning f # ? 
  skip react ? 
  the query comprehension syntax is far superior . 
  readability is much better with it than with the methods with lambda arguments . 
  sadly there are some limitations which force me to fallback to ugly syntax but when i can i use the query comprehensions . 
  we 're at 960 now . 
  elixir is cool and all but landing an elixir jobs in places that are not the valley or large tech hubs like london is pretty much pure luck . 
  yeah ... now that i think of it i do n't want to work in a ruby company , 
  my most important reason is that i find the topic extremely boring . 
  i 'd rather spend time on something i am passionate about and i am in fact passionate about a lot of topics related to programming just not all of them . 
  another extremely popular tool i do n't want to spend time learning is git . 
  i use it out of necessity and learn very simple use cases on the fly but source control is another boring topic that i have 0 passion about . 
  i hate it that git is complex enough that it requires actual learning . 
  i do n't remember actually learning svn i was just told this is commit this is update and this is how you resolve conflicts and i started using it . 
  i feel like linux is git-like thing for oss . 
  yeah from a career point of view it surely is a good investment . 
  however i imagine that my experience will not be very different from what happened 10 + years ago . 
  i installed , clicked things for a day and went back to windows because i wanted to play games and use visual studio , 
  yeah it will be great . 
  with its own storyline and all . 
  the portal 2 coop mode was great experience . 
  death to proxy generation and lazy loading !, 
  also death to the repository pattern ( when used with ef ), 
  erlang has crazy syntax . 
  elixir looks like something that makes sense .
