  js is literally the worst mainstream language probably with the exception of php . 
  the nuclear peace that makes it the only choice for some tasks does not mean it is a good language even for that task . 
  objectively everything in js is worse than c # . 
  it is entirely possible that certain server-side framework for c # is worse than certain server-side framework for javascript but this is totally unrelated to the qualities of the language and equivalent frameworks would be better in c # than in js . 
  you would be but google and apple and in fact most companies wo n't . 
  fact is microsoft do accept your banana peels !, 
  i have been a professional . net developer for more than 8 years but this is the first time i hear about system.io.pipes . 
  did you even open the link , not to mention read the article ? 
  the article is not about that . 
  the article is about the engine changes required to support a language feature . 
   is there anything with what microsoft is doing now that could potentially lead to issues in the future for the foss movement, 
  probably the heads of some of the hardcore , bearded freetards may explode from the presumed paradoxes they have been exposed to . 
  seriously why the hell would that harm the foss * movement * ? 
  i understand if it could harm people who use the tools provided by ms but the * movement * ? 
  i really , really wish that someday i am in a position to get sued by rockstar consortium . 
  if ms tech gets me there i will embrace it . 
  i mean that would mean that i have shipped a product and made at least a couple of millions . 
  trueskill is not a framework it is an algorithm for ranking much like elo, 
  still it means that i had a couple of millions of savings to finance it  i think if i had a couple of millions i would just retire , 
  it seems like multiprocess communication is not something you encounter often even if you develop for the desktop , am i wrong ? 
  i certainly will . 
  you have a strange definition of `` quarter '' . 
  in fact i did not have time to play as much as i wanted due to work and was looking forward to christmas leave starting from this weekend to play more . 
  and now just as i got some time they remove the maps i actually like and return the boring maps we have been playing for more than 2 years . 
  well i guess there is this wow expansion i bought and did n't have time to even run yet ... 
  please calculate the actual time of the year the pool was in effect . 
  i actually love being cheesed especially since it happens so rarely on the `` normal '' maps . 
  being cheesed is the most fun game type for me . 
  i like cheesing too but i like being cheesed even more . 
  it makes the games so diverse and unique . 
  my check shows from 10.11 to 19.12 ( assuming they drop the maps tomorrow ) . 
  i can hardly call that 2 months let alone a quarter . 
  in my opinion they do not . 
  they just promote the mechanics of the player and usually follow a plan . 
  cheese games assuming that the cheese is scouted in time end in very confusing and unexplored situations that never happen again because even one less worker makes a huge difference let alone something weird like a pool that died . 
  this is not what happens . 
  when you have all upgrades you do not have a variety of upgrades . 
  also the meta dictates a certain way in which to get to the macro phase ( otherwise it will be a kind of cheese ) so you either follow the dance or do not get into the macro game . 
  of course i do not question that macro games provide more opportunities for superior players to differentiate from weaker players but this is different from diversity in games . 
  my understanding is that there will be no season end just a switch of maps , right ? 
  i play random but i actually have much better win rate with zerg than any other race . 
  like 20 % better . 
  i especially enjoy when their cheese runs into my 14/14 as zerg, 
  yeah tournaments do not use the dreampool . 
  well the best games are those who start with weird cheese and even out to become macro games with non-standard meta but by definition very few games can be `` best '' . 
  cheese situations are actually more diverse . 
  as i said in another comment having full tech tree and full upgrades with max army does not provide diversity because it is essentially the same and the way you get there is encoded in the meta . 
  if it is not the game often ends before reaching full macro and effectively becomes cheese . 
  i disagree with your assertion that cheese games are only interesting in the lower leagues because the most fun games i have seen in tournaments were cheese games ( sometimes developed into full macro games ), 
  that 's a very good question . 
  well they do n't since you ca n't have a preset plan for what happens if when the cheese hits . 
  build orders simply do n't work when you have 2 gateways in your main . 
  i do n't think this is true but even if i fail to explain it or fail to grasp the logic why i still have much more fun watching cheese games in tournaments and being cheesed on the ladder than playing the same macro game again and again . 
  i am just happy that i was there to play the first year of wol when the game was actually fun before everything was artificially pushed towards macro . 
  diamond . 
  i meant your planned build order does n't matter . 
  also there are very minor details like for example your spine crawler being just out of range if one corner of your gas or something . 
  in my experience ( not only in diamond but in 3 years in masters and 11 years of starcraft 1 ) the details matter much more than the plan . 
  also note that while i fully agree that details in macro games matter and allow superior players to differentiate from inferior players the details in macro games do not affect the way the game looks that much . 
  for example in a macro game if you lose an army worth 1000/500 at certain stage of the game you have to make the right judgement ( know how much you are behind ) and adjust your game to compensate for the loss . 
  in practice it rarely matters if you lost the army in a medevac drop or to a baneling landmine . 
  it only matters that you are x amount behind . 
  in a hardcore cheese game your losses matter . 
  if the proxy cannons reach your pool it is completely different from proxy cannons reaching part of your mineral line and completely different from proxy cannons firing at your extractor and completely different from proxy cannons holding your ramp even if in all cases you somehow took exactly 200 minerals in damage . 
  build order wins are unpleasant but they happen when one player cheeses and the other is greedy but when cheese hit cheese things get quite weird . 
  btw i thought by build order you refer to what your planned reaction is when you scout a cheese . 
  i am not trying to argue that build order wins do not exists . 
  they do exists mainly because cheese is so heavily discouraged by the current map pool . 
  on steppes of war there were no build order wins . 
  if both sides cheese there are less chances for build order wins . 
  i have developed a couple of windows services for web apps but they communicate through the database . 
  except that this does n't happen in practice or if it happens it ends in interesting and unique way and often the side at an advantage loses due to the unexplored state of the game . 
  compared to ruby ... 
  i read an explanation that this feature completes the object initialization syntax . 
  currently you can assign properties with initialization syntax and now you can use indexers too . 
  from that angle it makes sense . 
  unique games with cheese happen much more often than unique games from macro . 
  this is my point . 
  even if it is rare ( which it is not ) . 
  let alone that cheese is much more exciting even if it results in a bo win with all the adrenaline pumping . 
  i guess we have to agree to disagree . 
  obviously you see quite different things when watching and playing starcraft . 
  i have to point out that one of the games i remember most clearly was straight up win after 6 pool . 
  it was inca vs fruitdealer . 
  the commentators hyped inca 's coach , said he was the greatest coach ever and he personally invented unstoppable strategy on kulas ravine . 
  fruit dealer proceeds to 6 pool and i got super excited and laughed for a minute after he won . 
  i rarely get that excited about non-cheese games except in base trade situations . 
  i also know my favorite player for 2013 ( or was it 2012 ) was suhosin who basically only cheesed . 
  i mean even if you disagree and think people like me are stupid do not forget that we exist and we probably want to play the ladder for more than a month in 3 years . 
  well not as many as the number that quit because the maps became macro only mode . 
  i know i did n't quit but reduced both the time i play and the time i watch sc in half since the first year of wol when the maps were actually interesting . 
  note that macro is constantly promoted and people are somehow very sad that there was 1 month of non-standard maps . 
  one month and reddit was flooded with bullshit !, 
  yeah it has been . 
  from day one in 1998 and has only declined since due to people complaining . 
  strange that the popularity of the game is declining too . 
  i have a friend that 4 gated every game and enjoyed it . 
  he quit after hots . 
  of course it has been getting less cheesy . 
  the maps have continuously evolved to become bigger and with easier to defend natural and third base .
