  i was surprised that anyone remembers bw causing a boom . 
  i remember that people played sc and then they started playing bw . 
  there were even a lot of koreans in vanilla bnet so it was not bw that started things off in korea, 
  just to let you know , despite the downvotes there is someone who appreciates the joke . 
  i specifically like the `` rails is a ghetto '' reference , 
  it is not like we have much of a choice . 
  asp.net vnext has n't shipped yet . 
  as an asp.net developer i can see . net core being my future . 
  i am not particularly excited about this future but i can see why it is needed . 
  well i have never seen html , sql , css , javascript and server-side language in one file in a real world . net project and i have in fact seen it in a real world project ... guess the language . 
  so much for the `` worst practices i 've seen '' . 
  while you may be correct my understanding is that vnext will not run on . net 4.6 . 
  essentially there will be two versions of asp.net - one for core and one for the full framework . 
  the differences in general will be minor but you wo n't be able to develop with the save/refresh dev cycle on the full framework . 
  again i might be wrong on that . 
  there was a time when table layout was the reasonable thing to do . 
  i kid you not !, 
  strange . 
  i have never ever seen sql in the same file in as the html in a web form . 
  of course i know it can be done but i have never seen anyone actually do it in a real project and i have seen quite a lot of them . 
  yeah . 
  i reasoned sqldatasource was to blame but still i have never seen it used outside tutorials even on the oldest project i have worked with . 
  i wish i am wrong ( since i want to be able to use it when working with web forms ) but i do not think so ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  in 2003 there were a lot of old versions of ie still around ( by old i mean older than 6 ) and if i recall correctly css support for floating divs around was not compatible enough . 
  i remember that the people i looked up to at that time used to say something along the lines of `` in theory you should not do it with tables but just save yourself the trouble '', 
  yeah but i think the same applies to mvc when working on . net full . 
  javafx exists since 2011 ( and i am excluding the first version that got scrapped ) . 
  i doubt integration with the jvm changes much if for 3 years nobody cared to use it . 
  i guess the sqldatasource broke the idea of the data access - business layer - ui architecture that everybody was preaching at the time . 
  both of these predate wpf by a lot of years . 
  let alone that both are inferior . 
  in the context of the conversation ( i.e. 
  `` these days '' ) java has not made any investment except javafx which is something from 2011 with 0 success . 
  also i like wpf a lot and i am quite serious . 
  i wish games just scaled down . 
  we do n't need so huge worlds and so many game mechanics and minigames . 
  i decided to skip mentioning javafx 1 since they just started from scratch for 2 . 
  if we include javafx 1 then it reinforces my point since nobody cares about javafx for even more years . 
  ms does n't need to invest much in wpf since they have the best desktop framework already . 
  is it perfect - of course not but the others suck even more . 
  and with php you do n't really have a compiler so you just ship , 
  this is an implementation detail , 
  well , there were times when ie was the most innovative browser . 
  css first shipped in ie and ajax was basically invented by the ie team . 
  i have invested heavily in the ms ecosystem . 
  i am a . net developer and everything at home runs some kind of windows . 
  sometimes you get that warm feeling that your choice was correct . 
  this is one of these times . 
  i listen to radio at work over the internet ( in fact the radio i listen to is internet-only ) . 
  i love the unpredictability of someone else choosing the songs . 
  i like agreeing or disagreeing with his choice . 
  i do listen to spotify too . 
  depends on my mood . 
  i do n't know if you are serious but if you are how can the ms news drive the price down ? 
  just remember to buy xbone instead of ps4 for christmas , 
  windows and windows phone apps , xbox live subscription and xbox games . 
  hmmm ... 
  i did n't think of that . 
  tell me when you find out , 
  last time this topic was discussed i someone posted a link to one working wallet and one that was in development and looked pretty good but the version at the time did not allow connections to the real network only to test one . 
  with about 100k people working there you ca n't really expect homogenous behavior . 
  what does `` paid '' mean ? 
  does it mean that mean that the app will be paid or that there is something btc related ? 
  if the app is paid i do n't see that as a problem ( i actually prefer paid apps ) . 
  however in general you are correct . 
  as a wp user i am sad to see the attitude of the btc community towards wp . 
  in that thread some people directly declared that you should not use wp because it is not open source ( so ms will steal your btc or something ... ), 
  honestly depends on what you are looking for but for most people xbox is . 
  my girlfriend and i are hardcore gamers . 
  we have 3 desktop gaming pcs ( one for her , one for me and one for guests which is actually slightly older one we did n't sell after the last upgrade ) . 
  we never even thought of buying a console but the first time we tried kinect we fell in love with it . 
  for most people kinect is very good thing even if ms marketing failed miserably to sell it and the `` hardcore '' gamers love to hate it online because they see it as some form of insult . 
  i teach a 3 months ( 2 * 4 hours per week ) course on c # programming for beginners . 
  i will use this thread to post the course curriculum and ask for a feedback on it ( including from beginners ) . 
  working with the console . 
  what is a compiler ? 
  what is the . net framework ? 
  built-in types , operators , if/else statement . 
  loops . 
  arrays . 
  memory layout of different types . 
  simple sorting algorithms ( bubble sort , selection sort ) . 
  exercises on loops and arrays . 
  strings , reference types ( classes ) , value types ( structs ) , fields and methods . 
  methods and constructors . 
  access modifiers , properties , encapsulation , readonly fields and constants . 
  exercises on object oriented programming . 
  inheritance , the object type , overriding methods . 
  interfaces , abstract classes , delegates , polymorphism . 
  exercises on object oriented programming and polymorphism . 
  exceptions . 
  try/catch/finally . 
  creating custom exceptions . 
  the switch statement . 
  indexers . 
  implementing an arraylist from scratch . 
  advanced sorting algorithms ( merge sort , quicksort ) . 
  test . 
  introduction to gui programming with windows forms .
