  by less than 25 % according to my poll - http://www.strawpoll.me/13588140/r, 
  i 'm with you . 
  if the point of skins is to show off how much money we spend on the game lets make it a competition . 
  allow players to choose how much each skin costs and add an anti-skin . 
  if i pay more than you for the anti-skin i do n't see it !, 
  how do you like this competitive show-off mode ? 
  or the uncountable winged lings, 
  why do you spend money on the announcers when the opponent ca n't hear them ? 
  it is not about recognizing the unit in a quiz . 
  it is about recognizing it when you only catch it while it disappears of the screen . 
  it is about being able to judge how many units of a certain kind there are with a quick glance ( zerglings with wings make this really hard ) . 
  are blizzard planning to keep sc2 alive with skins ? 
  i guess i should not give them more money then . 
  in quake you can not only disable the opponent skin you can set the opponent skin . 
  edit : hmm maybe they can let players who paid for skins to use them for opponents as a compensation ... 
  skins are permanently disabled in sc2 tournaments , 
  he will see it if he has not disabled skins . 
  i did n't wait for skins at all . 
  i still bought them to support fucking e-sports but i have not enabled them . 
  however i will do that no more if there is not an option to disable them . 
  the zergling with wings is also problematic . 
  the roach with no burrowed movement indication is also problematic . 
  what is the point of announcers if other people ca n't hear them ? 
  so you are telling me that i can edit file on my own machine to not see opponent skins ? 
  i looked at quake . 
  you can force opponent skin there . 
  they are literally saying that they would not pay for skins if they can not annoy people with them . 
  non-annoyed players will let skins be , annoyed players will turn them off so basically they only want to annoy people . 
  i never wanted skins . 
  will they refund everyone who did n't want to see skins because they broke their game ? 
  the entire reason for skins being to annoy opponents ? 
  so you will only pay for skins to annoy players ? 
  because the existence of this option will only prevent players who have problems with skins from seeing them . 
  basically you do n't care if people who are not annoyed can see the skins you pay money to annoy those who would be annoyed . 
  yes , i do think so for like 90 % of the skins . 
  however as i pointed out people who think skins are fun will not disable them . 
  if the presence of the option affects the purchase decision it means you only pay to ruin the fun for people who find skins annoying . 
  the first time i saw this i lost two medivac drop because i was like `` wtf ?!? '', 
  they can sell more copies of the game , more announcer packs , more mission packs , more commanders ... 
  the people who would think `` oh that 's a cool skin '' would not disable skins . 
  obviously i do not claim that the poll is conclusive or anything but people claim that nobody will buy skins with literally no data . 
  my data may be shaky but at least it is data . 
  i still do n't know what to look for . 
  that seems fine to you ? 
  yeah , this is a good tradeoff for people who would feel disappointed that they bought skins . 
  they could force opponent skins and enjoy skins this way . 
  there is uproar of people who bought a game with no skins that are now annoyed by zerglings with wings , creep-colored banelings and other skins . 
  how is degrading my game experience not reducing the value ? 
  i ca n't make out banelings , i ca n't easily estimate how many zerglings with lings are attacking me . 
  this is directly affecting gameplay . 
  old but can sell skins ? 
  unique textures were never appealing to me . 
  they can let me disable skins one by one so that they can be sure i will not miss anything . 
  the hero . net needs, 
  yeah , i guess people who do n't want skins should just boycott future skins , warchests with skins , etc. 
  btw i was also supporting the game by buying copies for friends with and without occasion . 
  i bought the game specifically to have one type of zerglings and banelings . 
  i am not even joking i voted against the two types of dark templars in the polls and argued that having two kinds in is a bad idea . 
  do you have data suggesting that skins are the most effective way to support the game or that the option to turn off skins will reduce the income from skins significantly ? 
  so we should be happy about it and encourage a behavior that makes the game worse ? 
  a game we paid full price for but is now ruined by microtransactions ? 
  the data in the poll disagrees that the value is having other people see them . 
  at least for some people the value is elsewhere . 
  do you have data to suggest that most people do not find value in skins other than annoying opponents ? 
  also what is the option doing in sc : r ? 
  i will make sure to never fund tournaments with skins again . 
  also it will be hard to choose games based on the microtransaction models but i 'd rather buy characters ( like lol ) instead of skins . 
   the biggest appeal with skins is showing them off to other people, 
  this is not the biggest appeal of skins . 
  provide data to back this claim up or stop repeating it . 
  hey you did n't answer my question about the competitive show-off mode . 
  it would allow blizzard to update the game even more , 
  this is debatable . 
  it is not at all obvious that people would not spend money if there was an option to disable skins . 
  hell they would probably spend money even if the item was not visible to others . 
  i for example spent money on the warchest and have not enabled my skins ( i know regret supporting this game downgrade but i will keep this in mind for next year ) . 
  i promise to buy all the skins if this option is added . 
  sadly i have bought the warchest without realizing that my purchase would be counted as support for skins rather than support for e-sports, 
  it is open for debate if the option to disable skins would reduce the support for e-sports significantly . 
  also it is open for debate if another item in the warchest would not result in more support for e-sports . 
  the option to disable skins would not affect your visual appealing . 
  in fact they may allow people to force the opponent skins out of their pool of skins which would make the game more visually appealing to you and increase the sales of skins because people will have incentive to buy skins for races other than the one they play . 
  this is probably true . 
  this is called milking the game . 
  they are effectively downgrading the game for me , slowly driving me off of starcraft because they can get more money from you ( they can get money from me but it is harder than selling skins . 
  for example i loved the nova covert ops , and i buy commanders and announcers ), 
  people buy the warchest because it supports e-sports not because they can annoy people with skins . 
  might be true for non-warchest skins though . 
  the poll is not representative but is infinitely more data than any person who argues against the option ever presented . 
  i think starcraft 1 is slightly superior strategically . 
  i stopped playing it on ladders and such in like 2008 because i get pissed off by the negotiations i had to lead to start a ranked game on iccup when warcraft iii provided a simple `` play '' button . 
  i do n't expect to ever play a multiplayer game of sc : r again . 
  this is how much i hate the handicapped interface . 
  back in the late 90s i played in tournaments where maps were purposefully hidden . 
  like in they even renamed the files so that you could n't get advantage from knowing the name of the maps  it was considered part of the game to scout the map . 
  it was a national scene thing , not something global . 
  fun times . 
  i play rts games since dune 2 and competitive multiplayer since warcraft ii . 
  i was far better at sc1 than i am at sc2 . 
  i agree with your general sentiment about bw player 's attitude towards the `` hardness '' of the game .
