  seems like the player maintains his crosshair on the level that the model 's head is going to be however that only works when the map is flat . 
  the 4:50 sequence seems to be that . 
  oh yeah , i am not saying that headshots will be bad for overwatch , just claiming that at certain level of speed they stop making sense . 
  basically the faster the game the less sense they make . 
  headshots with the sniper rifle are fine and not random . 
  btw which ut weapons can headshot ? 
  sniper rifle is fine . 
  after all its all about aiming . 
  the shock rifle is in the middle but i feel it is still too much luck . 
  chaingun , shotgun and lightning gun style weapons and all projectile weapons will just result in luck based head shots . 
  13th payment ? 
  it depends on your style . 
  if you use sneaky strategies hackers can just crash them and normal players will just lose . 
  50/50 sure but games do n't work as they should . 
  worse than actual hackers is that a lot of people tend to think they can only lose to hackers so they blame their opponents all the time . 
  that 's great improvement actually . 
  how about government employees do they get bonuses ? 
  well private business can give whatever it likes but it is completely different if the state does it with public money or mandates that the private sector does it . 
  the problem with greece is that when you do n't have the money it does not make sense to protest that you do n't get bonuses . 
  as someone living in bulgaria where income is obviously significantly lower i find it hard to feel for you . 
  i do n't want you to have problems ( that would be stupid since we will be affected too ) but i do think the solution that your country has chosen will not solve the problems . 
  unrelated to the situation in greece i must point out that in my opinion minimum wage is something that should not exists . 
  you either manage to sell yourself for a certain amount of money or you are not worth that money . 
  and being worth the money is not determined solely by how hard you work and how many hours you spend at work . 
  well , we are in the eu you are free to come and live here if you think it 's better . 
  after all many bulgarians work and live in greece . 
  it is shitty situation that we argue about it but bulgaria is doing worse than greece on normalized indexes too . 
  like how much milk you can buy with average salary . 
  the reason many europeans will call the greek lazy is that you managed to get western money and used them to maintain higher standard than you could afford for decades . 
  now the money are gone but you ( as a country ) refuse to lower your standards . 
  of course this is not what the word lazy means but people just want to find a simple way to insult you . 
  i do n't think anyone thinks you are literally lazy . 
  now you can argue that the people did not use the money and they were stolen but the people you elect and the way they negotiate kind of invalidate this position . 
  so you want to use . net on php ? 
  that 's strange ... 
  i can move to javascript , java , objective-c/swift , php or eventually python . 
  maybe if i try hard i can get a ruby job . 
  i am absolutely certain i ca n't get that clojure job you are talking about without relocating . 
  if i am leaving . net because of reduced employment opportunities i am quite certain clojure/scala/groovy / ruby/haskell will not improve my situation a single bit . 
  even better according to the article open source contributions on codeplex and sourceforge are declining in recent years . 
  this may mean that . net is dying but it may also mean that there is a major new player in open source hosting services . 
  i wonder which one is correct . 
  lets assume that the article is correct . 
  i 'd rather be the guy supporting that legacy . net 3.5 web forms application rather than participate in the creation of your fancy node.js + mongo abomination . 
  i 'll just wait this round out and come back for the next technology cycle because i honestly feel the current contenders are far worse than using c # as a kind of cobol . 
  i know the theory but these shops are exception rather than the rule . 
  also if i want to write scala chances are i will write 80 % java and use scala only for the specific module . 
  seriously does anybody think that there are more job opportunities for non-java jvm languages than c # ? 
  even if i only count c # startups ( a category which is . net 's weak spot ) i will probably still get more options than non-java jvm . 
  the premise of the article is that i want many jobs and this is why i should move away from . net . 
  did you extract some other meaning ? 
  companies i worked for also had different techs ( mainly java and . net ) but we were separate teams so i never worked on the java projects . 
  we all used js for web frontend of course . 
  just for the record i agree that non-java jvm jobs exist but i do believe each one of them requires writing at least some java . 
  what is more the customer needs to know how much he will pay for the specific software described in the spec . 
  he is n't asking how much the cost of maintaining it for 10 years will be . 
  your example supports the case for utc since you have users in different timezones . 
  why do you google me ? 
  100 % agree . 
  on the other hand i do n't get mad from offensive gg . 
  after all you do n't have a chance to come back from offensive gg if you never get offensive gg . 
  that is just another opportunity . 
  coming back from offensive gg is the best sc experience i have ever experienced and i have won national tournaments with small prizes back in the day . 
  still feel more satisfied when making someone who went offensive gg suffer . 
  how is this news ? 
  this is available for more than an year ( maybe 2 ? ), 
  to be honest this is what most companies playing catch up do . 
  i think ms does limit the number of collaborators too . 
  vso has free build service ( although with limited time per month ) . 
  does the competition have this ? 
  yeah but as a . net dev the visual studio integration ( including work items , builds , etc ) , the monaco editor in the browser , free build minutes , ability to run unit tests on the service and continuous integration with azure deployment makes it by far the best service for private projects . 
  all of this is free . 
  i guess burndown charts , scrum sprints and other alm things may be cool for people who care but that 's not me . 
  sure . 
  then what are the crucial features that vso lacks ? 
  well in this case it is not free once you expand . 
  also azure is not free and vso makes it so easy to deploy to azure that you feel bad if you do n't do it . 
  some of the things are available for other dev platforms . 
  for example you can deploy to azure with a variety of technologies . 
  the alm features are totally platform agnostic and there are plugins for work items and stuff for eclipse . 
  the automatic builds are also available for other platforms . 
  for example they have an article on automatic builds with java . 
  at the bottom of this page you can find the list of frameworks installed on their hosted build controller - https://www.visualstudio.com/en-us/get-started/build/hosted-build-controller-vs, 
  i assume if these tools are good enough for you you can run automatic tests and builds with the hosted build controller . 
  check this comment for vso 's support on non-windows languages - https://www.reddit.com/r/programming/comments/38p7m6/free_unlimited_private_git_repo_hosting_from/crxce1m, 
  tell me if you are surprised . 
  please fix the automatic deployment to azure . 
  currently if the solution has more than one web project only the first one is deployed :(, 
  this is how i used to sing songs when my english was not as good as it is now . 
  of course i still apply these techniques but to a much lesser degree . 
  it is amazing how jakatak pulls off this kind of quality for everything he does . 
  his videos are great , his singing and playing is great ( yeah i realize bob dylan as great as he is is not the most complex thing to play and sing but still ... ) and his balance/game suggestions are very well thought out and i am glad i read them even when i disagree . 
  this was a standard technique in sc1 invented long before 2008 . 
  it was rarely used against air units because they were usually accompanied by scourges but it was often used against zerglings and to harass drones . 
  terrain and lightening are the only options i deliberately set on high instead of ultra . 
  for terrain the problem is some rocks and bushes i mistake for units while scrolling around so i move back to check . 
  for lightening it is the rotating lights that i also mistake for moving units . 
  honestly the cold war was great for human kind . 
  probably not as great for us on the east but the space race and the arms race provided a great boost to science and engineering . 
  which are statistically the period with least amount of wars per year per person in human history .
