  hell , building supply depots is not as stupid as larva inject . 
  you have to place them properly , build walls with them , put them on the edge of your base for scouting . 
  i just wish zerg macro mechanics did n't suck so much . 
  as an example of a great macro mechanic i would give chrono boost . 
  simple to understand , alters build orders and strategies and players may be forced to change the usage based on the situation in game . 
  yeah , it is a great idea to split already shrinking community . 
  what can go wrong ? 
  well , it was fixed, 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  on my machine 120-150ms for chrome 400-500 for ms edge . 
  when i read his motivation for choosing ruby instead of the ms stack and giving an example with bulgaria ( where i live ) my reaction was a facepalm since the ms stack is actually overrepresented here . 
  i 'd take tables and a server-side language over responsive layout magic and business logic in javascript any day . 
  the distinction is it does n't have to be javascript . 
  yeah . 
  like 4-5 more months . 
  the web stack will be fully open source . 
  linq is like hql and the new java 8 stream api together plus a bunch more if that even makes sense ... 
  wan na switch places ? 
  i have had to maintain a couple of java project and i have mainly . net experience . 
  building up the whole toolchain on my own and encountering some obscure error due to some path not being set correctly drives me crazy . 
  i just want to double click on a sln file and click on the green `` play '' button . 
  i do n't want to select a builder for my ide , i do n't want to setup an application server , i do n't want to configure paths and so on . 
  i worked 4 years as a . net dev before learning what msbuild is and then i did n't even have to use it . 
  this is what i call great tooling . 
  yeah that would be a problem if i did n't want to work on windows . 
  also if i was an enterprise company ( the context of this discussion ) i would probably be mandating what os the employees use anyway . 
  how is it different if you switch races constantly ? 
  yes but by next season you have forgotten the races builds and mechanics, 
  in the context of this thread we are looking for a replacement of java , not node so hotness is not really a benefit . 
  if anyone cared about hotness he would n't be using java to begin with . 
  as a random player myself that sounds really strange, 
  i am sure the e-mail is all made up . 
  i am participating in the `` replace java '' discussion purely as an intellectual exercise . 
  of course nobody expects to replace existing java code just start new projects in c # instead of java and if certain piece needs rewriting rewrite it in c # . 
  over the course of half a century they may replace java , 
  well most of my project had such a projects have such process . 
  as far as i know the tools simply consume a sln file . 
  i never had to setup one . 
  the only one i was responsible for was in visual studio online and there it was dead simple - just choose the sln file to build and the magic happens . 
  add a step to deploy to azure ( as simple as selecting an item from the menu and entering credentials ) and i am done . 
  well something did radically change . 
  the web platform now works on linux and is supported by ms with an open source license . 
  i do n't know how something can change more radically . 
  also the hypothetical insider claims oracle will not only stop investment in java they would also prevent other from investing in the official platform which is also pretty radical . 
  the company i work for has like 20 programs developed in delphi . 
  they are slowly left to die but still maintained and if serious changes are needed replaced with . net apps ( the two programs we did replace so far have been replaced with asp.net web apps ) . 
  these are accounting and inventory programs . 
  they are not the hundreds of man-years enterprise java apps but in general this is how i imagine the replacement would happen . 
  just develop the new apps in the new language and maintain the old ones while they are simply retired or need serious changes , then replace them . 
  you spend less and less time on the java apps and need less and less java devs . 
  probably at some point you need 0 . 
  i will pay for reasonable production quality 2 vs 2 tournaments and will redirect some of my time watching sc there . 
  i do n't really care about archon mode but will watch if i am not behind on gsl vods and catch live match, 
  too bad the browser is remarkably bad ( writing from edge and i liked and used ie ) . 
  it is more unstable , as laggy , has less features ( useful features like save target as , not talking about activex ) and far worse ux ( can not return tab to main window if you split it accidentally , can not split tab to another monitor , no taskbar preview , great degradation in touch environment as tabs are on top , rather than the bottom as metro ie did and many many more ) compared to ie . 
  edit : i just realized why i thought i ca n't return a tab to the original window . 
  if you are running the browser full screen and you drag a tab the tab becomes full screen . 
  if you try to return it it does not shrink ( like it did in ie ) and the current window stays on the screen so you can not target the old one . 
  so you can return a tab but it is pretty much useless . 
  as i said - terrible ux . 
  i would even favor a return to 6 workers start , smaller maps and slightly reduced game speed but i guess i ca n't have everything . 
  i just want to see chrono reverted to hots version ( even with reduced efficiency ) . 
  it was not very hard and it was more versatile - you could gather energy and boost multiple buildings at once or constantly chrono one . 
  i would really like to know how you return a tab to the previous window once split . 
  if you are still holding the left mouse button you can do it but i ca n't find how to do it with already split tab . 
  the taskbar preview is only for the current tab , not for each tab like in ie . 
  hell , did they add the option to return a tab recently ? 
  i remember testing this and failed . 
  on the other hand it still leaves the other window with a new tab open which is still worse than ie but i am quite happy at least this part works . 
  how is the single tab preview better ? 
  it was really convenient to switch directly to a specific tab or to close a tab from the preview . 
  twitch and facebook always manage to bring edge to its knees ( they do it with ie just as easily ) . 
  i do n't know why i thought i ca n't return a tab . 
  maybe i tested it some time ago and it was added later . 
  i was wrong on this but still worse than ie because for me it leaves the window with a new tab page so i have to close the second window manually after i return the tab . 
  the taskbar preview only shows the active tab and i ca n't close a tab from there or switch directly to that tab . 
  wikipedia disagrees . 
  i mean it does n't list mozilla as the first browser to implement css or xmlhttprequest, 
  can we already accept that launch wol was the best starcraft ii we will ever have . 
  so much variety in maps , so many different strategies in multiplayer , single player and story much better than hots ( will see about lotv ) and best collector 's items . 
  i am buying it just to give blizzard more money for starcraft and to have the third box i guess . 
  that shelf will look stupid with only 2 collector 's boxes . 
  if that is all you chose to play in the time that had battlecruiser + repair + marines rushes , mothership rushes and hatch first fakes into baneling busts i feel sorry for you . 
  i am pretty sure the small maps push variety of styles although they may not be very balanced . 
  in particular zergs had hard time, 
  that was the very end of wol, 
  like the support for non-ms platform that went away for minecraft and skype ? 
  some people claim that given the recent ui changes in skype that is a good thing . 
  on the other hand the skype metro app was outright killed and is not available for download anymore so linux support is still better . 
  ok $ 1000 that 2 years from now the latest version will still have linux support . 
  how do we make sure the bet is paid ? 
  when i opened the commends i did ctrl + f for `` mindless clicks '' to see if somebody already wrote what i was thinking . 
  you did this perfectly . 
  the objections to `` mindless clicking '' is that after i have made the interesting decision on what to spend my attention i have to just click mindlessly . 
  the game design should make all clicks interesting . 
  an example i like to give is chrono boost that requires attention ( of course less attention than injects ) but every time you have to decide where your current chrono should go . 
  even with building supply depots you have to decide where to place them ( especially in sc2 as opposed to sc1 ) . 
  larva inject is simply extremely stupid mechanic because it is stupid mechanic not because it is macro mechanic . 
  i suspect we already gave up 80 % of the community because of this . 
  depends on what your values are .
