  exactly my thoughts . 
  try/catch is probably not optimized because it is not critical . 
  i rarely see try/catch in js code with all the callbacks and all . 
  now when with generators it looks like the issue will become more pressing . 
  what if an employee uploaded the file and now they are searching for a vulnerability ? 
  you can test with ie11 on windows 8.1 ( the dev tools have wp mode ) i think it is also available on win 7 . 
  ie10 also has that option but not for the latest wp release . 
  still the third mobile platform . 
  well ios does n't have java either . 
  yeah right ... 
  i guess devs better drop support for windows . 
  that will help bitcoin adoption and destroy the government crooks !, 
  yes , wp8 will be gone soon . 
  i mean wp9 is probably being developed . 
  years is a lot of time in this space . 
  also ios is making a lot of money . 
  it may be losing share based on percentage but it is getting more users in absolute terms and they are paying more money than android users . 
  i understand the logic . 
  if you think this is the only way for bitcoin to work then you 'd better get out right now because the world will not go fully open source . 
  i doubt you can sandbox something from the os it is running on . 
  why would i write a parser when one is freely available ? 
  i am a . net developer with windows phone experience . 
  i would work on a bitcoin app for wp but i am scared of things that involve security and money . 
  the reason is not that i know nothing about these things but that i know enough to be scared . 
  if there is someone willing to work on a bitcoin app for wp who has a track record with security and cryptography related stuff i will be glad to help . 
  things in android are not protected from android looking at their data . 
  permissions are applied to apps not to the os . 
  if the os is compromised permissions will not protect the apps . 
  people who are passionate about these format are completely confused as to why other people use sdks like this . 
  we use them because of customers requirements . 
  we are looking for the easiest way to import something produced by word , excel , etc. 
  currently this way is exactly this sdk at least on . net and as far as i know . 
  feel free to correct me if you know odf sdk that is easier to use . 
  strings attached ? 
  we do n't care , that 's the customers ' problem for choosing office . 
  we just get paid to implement it . 
  if in the future they need to implement odf support , well , we just get paid again to rip out the ooxml sdk and implement odf support . 
  which is not going to happen . 
  a crypto currency should either support non-open source operating systems or die . 
  good luck trying to push bitcoin if it ca n't be used on a windows pc or mac !, 
  you were the one who said that for bitcoin to work you need open source operating system not me . 
  yes , that 's true . 
  so what ? 
  same goes for online banking and other important things that cost even more . 
  people have chosen to trust closed source software and will continue to do so . 
  very few people use fully open source android , a single proprietary driver or modification is enough to put android in the same situation as fully closed system . 
  this question makes perfect sense in an environment where algorithmic knowledge is required . 
  what if their software uses similar algorithms ? 
  i did the same . 
  i wish him happy cracking , spamming or whatever they intend to do . 
  scamming on / r/bitcoin seems quite stupid . 
  i mean bitcoin users are probably the most security savvy people you can try to scam . 
  even if they do believe you are not likely to pull off the scam then why bother . 
  i kind of bought it ( believed enough to think it was true but enough to think it is worth a try ) and gave a throw away e-mail and a brand new wallet . 
  i wonder if they will manage to extract any money from this scam . 
  can you watch all the content with top level koreans ? 
  i know i simply ca n't and am forced to drop tournaments . 
  for example i watch very small amount of eu wcs , do n't watch iem and mlg , do n't watch proleague and barely can keep up with the gsl especially in the early stages . 
  i also watch some amount of dreamhack . 
  i kind of wish there was less content so i could follow along :( i have watched ( as a paid subscriber ) all gsl and gstl seasons up to now and every match and i was about to drop gstl when they dropped it themselves . 
  now i guess some people have more free time than me but from where i stand it looks like one can watch high-level play involving koreans all the awake hours . 
  what is your occupation if you do n't mind me asking and do you play the game because i spend some time on this too . 
  in addition cheese often results in more interesting ( if shorter ) games . 
  yeah , relatively new but still ? 
  if someone cares about crypto currency he is probably comp savvy , no ? 
  i have an unpleasant feeling that this will end in a python 2 vs python 3 situation . 
  at least the drama is only for the web stack not the whole platform . 
  ok , i invoke poe 's law . 
  ca n't decide if sarcastic or just stupid . 
  so you honestly think no one builds web on . net ? 
  you said that no portion of the web is built on . net and this is certainly not true . 
  frankly it was a great offer especially in the times when things did not change so rapidly . 
  sometimes i am overwhelmed by the amount of research i must do for all dependencies and versions these days . 
  the simplicity of the old days was comforting . 
  i guess i am one of the devs that the author complains from but on the other hand why did he leave after what he complains from is now gone ? 
  i have seen this complaint several times and i can not understand it at all . 
  why does anyone want to write without an ide ? 
  sure you ca n't reasonably program c # ( or java for that matter ) without a good ide but why is that an issue ? 
  do people program on their phones or in some other environment where they ca n't get an ide ? 
  i ca n't program without using my hands but i do n't switch to brainfuck because its 8 symbols are easier to type with feet . 
  what 's the issue with ides and why would anyone program without one , ever , in whatever language ? 
  someone else already gave statistics but i would dispute your claim with the simple fact that there are a good amount of job openings for . net web developers . 
  obviously people do make a living by producing web with . net so your claim of non-existence must be false . 
  you said that the web is built on anything but . net which implies that there is no production web on . net . 
  i do n't see why the client platform matters but even then people do business and shop on windows ( mostly ) so even this argument is flawed . 
  also people who build web on . net do make money and have n't gone bankrupt for a decade so obviously it there is nothing stupid in that unless you think making money is stupid . 
  i do edit sql and json and other text files in my ide . 
  in fact i always thought support for different file types was one of ides ' plusses . 
  oh all this time you were talking about your definition of quality . 
  i thought we were talking about actual working products . 
  that gives a whole new definition of `` nigerian scam '', 
  i think that using a statically typed language without generics in 2014 violates some law or agreement . 
  the geneva convention maybe ? 
  my c # code is full of user defined generics . 
  most of them are for methods that are applied on multiple places . 
  it is extremely satisfying when you see a junior programmer try to use the method in a wrong way and see the compiler slap him just because the generic method is designed reasonably well and prevents errors . 
  no but it means that it is a reasonable choice because as long as the user and the developer are making money it means that the technology works . 
  why stop with data structures . 
  why not talk about methods . 
  how do you do a filter method without generics ?
