  the latter may change now that there are lambdas in java . 
  yeah and php the other 20 % !, 
  and php ? 
   learn other programming languages, 
   notes : add to your repertoire - java script , css , html , ruby , php , c , perl , shell , lisp and scheme . 
  i have a problem with php but it is impossible that they thought `` yeah c # is useless any of these languages including php would make people better developers '' . 
  this is just google propaganda , the kind they vomit all the time . 
  i am not arguing that they are not trivial just that people have to do actual learning to work with them . 
  i 've seen java devs write getter methods instead of calculated properties and such, 
  for 50k a day i would write replies thanking the people for the hate mail and the death threats if i have to . 
  not really just programmers who assumed that if they knew java they know c # and there is no need to read even a tutorial . 
  i guess they thought properties are the way to write public fields in c # or something ... 
  yeah but he just wanted to be an intern not even junior dev so ... 
  google seem to think so , why else would they recommend it in their list ? 
  just use . net core for web and console apps . 
  this is what it is currently for . 
  this might change in the future but currently it is not worth trying to implement gui apps on top of . net core unless you are willing to build bindings for things like gtk and qt . 
  which is nothing like linq . 
  most linq usage is not even related to databases . 
  i liked broken age a lot . 
  the story was probably the biggest flaw but i can bare it . 
  the only puzzle i disliked was the snake one . 
  i thought all the rest made sense and were just the right difficulty ( the puzzles in part 1 were too easy but part 2 was perfect for my taste ), 
  the plot twist with shay from the future was cool though . 
  definitely got me there . 
  gsl subscriber since the very beginning . 
  mine 100 gas more !, 
  start burrow !, 
  get 20 % chance of opponent leaving the game when he gets mad that he ca n't land a cc or something . 
  disagree with like half of this but agree with the other half . 
  micro is not just mechanical . 
  the mechanical part is actually super boring to me . 
  it is the positioning and predicting of opponents moves that is exciting ( in the way chess is exciting not in the way football is exciting ) . 
  sc1 had a lot of positioning in micro . 
  of course sc2 has positioning too but they focus on mechanical micro more than actual tactics . 
  please add tactics not clicks to lotv, 
  honestly i do n't see why they made the game so damn fast . 
  it is literally impossible to me to click a running speedling . 
  i can box it of course but who needs something so fast in the game . 
  slower game would mean battles on multiple places and more micro in battles . 
  i agree . 
  i do n't even know if i could micro . 
  i do n't even try for the kind of micro the community seems to respect ( like marine splitting or stutter stepping ) . 
  i care about strategy , tactics and mind games . 
  in my perfect world sc2 would not require any mechanics only fast thinking . 
  so i can turn your statement around `` people who ca n't invent and learn strategy and tactics want more mechanics '', 
  i do n't get this argument . 
  take for example chess . 
  it has 0 mechanics . 
  is n't chess competitive ? 
  terran mech is a good example . 
  you basically conquered territory with tanks and mines . 
  it is quite different from sc2 deathball style mech . 
  another example is how because units did not clump together and you could n't control more than 12 at once zerg players would set up concaves in advance . 
  it is similar to how they setup roaches in zvz these days before the battle but it was present through all matchups and even for protoss and terran players . 
  there were also some techniques to attack lurkers with marines and medics that involved sending one marine ahead to draw lurker fire that required that you make sure your marines were lined up to attack in a good spread . 
  to be honest i am not sure that the positioning was n't needed mainly because of the inferior interface but i am quite certain adding more skills requiring clicks will not improve the situation . 
  sometimes in sc2 i see those beautiful tactics like blocking the path of enemy units with dark templars or driving a seeker missile into enemy units ( in sc1 it was common to drive spider mines into enemy units with zealots ) but somehow i feel it is less often than in sc1 and i feel that things like stutter step , and marine splitting are replacing the need for this kind of positioning play because they are just too effective . 
  oh no , normal is just too slow . 
  i do n't know how fast is fast but i imagined something like 10 % slower than faster . 
  well i do n't care about the kind of skill that is not in chess  maybe the sole exception is the ability to make quick even imperfect decisions although chess has a form of that too . 
  i actually think the 12 workers start is bad . 
  they should have thought of a way to make the maps smaller instead or make 1 base play more meaningful to allow for smaller maps ( think of 1st years wol small ), 
  it is slow . 
  once upon a time ladder in sc1 was fast ( there were faster and fastest ) and we played that and it was slow . 
  normal is pretty much sc1 fast, 
  i fail to grasp what the irony is based upon . 
  blocking units is one of the coolest micro tricks ever . 
  i like it a lot because it is based on assessing the situation rather than muscle memory like stutter stepping or splitting marines . 
  well maybe if people stopped buying sony products and factor the support , security and stability of their online service into the purchase instead of just counting pixels then maybe they would do something . 
  as it stands now it is enough for them to push more pixels on the screen than xbox and they do n't need to get their shit together because people are buying their shit anyway . 
  there are two main reasons, 
  - i dislike the interface . 
  i am not new to it i played sc1 since release . 
  i think sc2 is better and i do n't need sc1 restrictions and do n't feel like proving my `` skill '' by fighting inferior ui . 
  - however by far the most important thing is that there was no ladder like the current one . 
  the find match button is god sent . 
  in the latter days of sc1 it was killing me to start a match on iccup . 
  it required 10 minutes of negotiations . 
  i 'd rather play tic tac toe with a ladder than have to suffer through this again . 
  i would definitely buy the game for the better looking single player . 
  i mean i have to introduce my children to the game some day and i see no reason for them to play on the outdated graphics . 
  yeah , i have played insane amount of lan in internet cafes and even bringing the ( desktop ) computers over friends houses but these days are sadly gone . 
  question : what 's the origin of the name mandalov, 
  i never cared about lan since the release of sc2 . 
  we just always have internet these days even when we play locally it is not a problem . 
  the lack of spawn installs was indeed a problem and it is more than fixed but probably too late to matter . 
  i get some of my lan experience back as i have a room with 3 desktop pcs good enough for gaming ( or at least all 3 of them are good enough for sc2 ) . 
  we play 3 vs 3 occasionally . 
  it is not the same but it is still cool . 
   visual intuitiveness - it is beneficial for both player and spectator when an ability is visually intuitive . 
  any hidden power or lack of visual intuitiveness increases the severity of the learning curve , which is one of the biggest limiting factors of the success of starcraft both as an esport and as a game . 
  why are n't more people talking about this . 
  this is super important for people who watch the game without playing it . 
  this is by far my biggest problem when watching dota . 
  i never played a single game so i ca n't even tell auto attacks from skills . 
  they are just lights flying around . 
  i do n't want people to feel this way about sc . 
  this is why i thought giving the tempest different damage to land and air was stupid given that it had the same visual . 
  the problem with marine splitting is that it seems pretty mindless to me .
