  this leaves you as the one who will actually like kinect , 
  most people will plug it to try if it works and then leave it there . 
  let alone that if you unplug it you will have to plug it back every time you invite people to a party  i really doubt there will be more than 5 % unplugged kinects . 
  did you see `` gaming '' anywhere in my comment ? 
  i find it strange when people claim that the success of microsoft is the result of great business decisions , clever marketing and advertising and not that people actually need their software . 
  this is how they do business and have you seen their ads ? 
  nope . 
  you were completely right . 
  first of all [ hanlon 's razor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanlon%27s_razor ) tells us that we should not attribute to malice what can be explained by stupidity . 
  second your theory will not explain why it took them so much time to allow developers from smaller countries to register and why it is so hard to register to begin with . 
  fact is microsoft 's business and marketing division is complete mess . 
  first party games want to provide some return of investment too . 
  there is the potential customer base but there is also the niche ( i.e. 
  more companies make standard games than kinect games ) . 
  you want a niche but you want this niche to be large . 
  and finally and most important than all i think kinect is awesome and people who do n't like it will start to like it when they have one . 
  or maybe the family member who buys the console does n't want kinect and would not buy one but when they are forced to another family member will actually like it and start using the console . 
  overall i think kinect is much more important product than the xbox and ms should shove it down the throat of their customers until they like it even if this means sacrificing this console generation . 
  i do n't live there either so i skip most of the boring stuff but here are some of the weird ones - http://www.geekwire.com/2013/microsoft-posts-weird-windows-8-commercials-promptly-takes/, 
  i feel the dota clones are much much worse . 
  i mean i do n't have that problem with world of tanks . 
  there are certainly many things in wot i do n't understand but at least i do n't feel frustrated . 
  i believe kinect is much more than a game controller and gamers are traditionally a good test bed for new ui . 
  they are tech savvy , willing to try new things and give relatively good feedback . 
  if i wanted to invent the next mouse i would test it with gamers . 
  kinect may ultimately fail as a controller but in the future motion controls will be everywhere . 
  there are two `` wtf ? '', 
  in this one . 
  a link from april and a link from slashdot , 
  so at that point their marketing was n't able to explain that you need a computer to run windows ? 
  wait ... they did not drop it for super street fighter iv ? 
  omg i was so annoyed by the gfwl shit on the original sf4, 
  so i answer this comment to send my requests to blizzard ? 
  mmmm ok please change the attack of the tempest to look less like it does splash damage and make it so it obvious that the air and ground attacks are different . 
  you do n't seem to realize that one can be a die-hard fan without being really very high-level player . 
  my friends like team games . 
  they played sc1 in 2 vs 2 mode for a decade . 
  i would gladly point them to the high production value 2 vs 2 tournaments but ... they do n't exist . 
  where did you get the stats and can you post 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 stats ? 
  and yes this is exactly what i mean . 
  the community is oppressing any possibility for competitive team scene and why not even professional team players . 
  i am sure the ratio will tilt more towards team games if we as a community did not look at 2 vs 2 players as noobs . 
  you think this would be oblivion ? 
  try suggesting that gom should run a 2 vs 2 league , 
  i really do n't see what the problem is with cheese . 
  if it works every game it is not even cheese , it is legitimate strategy . 
  also for 2 vs 2 balance is not so important as long as there are more than two combinations that are relatively balanced . 
  if half of the combos are weak it is still ok because there are enough combos that are not . 
  weaker characters were never a problem for fighting games and i am perfectly sure that there are combos that are weak in lol and dota . 
  if for some reason scarlett or jd win the wcs ( yeah , i know highly unlikely ) this conversation will be so funny , 
  if you think of sc2 as 5 vs 5 team game yes there is a problem but if you think of it as 2 vs 2 team game things are not nearly as bad . 
  where i live ( bulgaria ) in the late 90s and early 2000 we had a lot of internet cafes and not many people had legal copy of sc or good enough internet to play on battle.net and in some strange way 2 vs 2 emerged as the default game type for sc . 
  the metagame evolved and we had a big tournament every week and the 2 vs 2 players were more respected than the good 1 vs 1 players . 
  this all changed with wcg but my point is that sc is not nearly as bad as you may think as a team game . 
  look at my response here - http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/1ken17/the_future_of_starcraft_lies_with_us/cboiplg, 
  short version - sc as a team game works , i 've seen it , it is cool . 
  while my experience is in sc1 my experience playing sc2 does not indicate that it is less fun ( i play masters level 1 vs 1 and 2 vs 2 sc2 ), 
  well i play both 2 vs 2 and 1 vs 1 and i do n't find either of them more interesting than the other ( by comparison i find 3 vs 3 and 4 vs 4 less interesting ) . 
  for some reason i am given more than enough high quality ( in terms of production ) 1 vs 1 tournaments and 0 2 vs 2 tournaments . 
  hell , they give us fucking useless ffa played by casters but not 2 vs 2 . 
  also what happened in bulgaria is that people choose 2 vs 2 because they had the conditions ( easy to setup teams which can talk ) and not because they could not play 1 vs 1 . 
  obviously if you can play 2 vs 2 you have everything necessary for 1 vs 1 . 
  blizzard is pouring their money in tournaments and definitely orchestrating them . 
  however my criticism is towards elitist sc community members who have never seen a high level 2vs2 but claim it sucks because their gosu macro and perfect 1vs1 strategies were not enough to secure a win against low apm players who they see as cheesers, 
  following the hanlon 's razor i do n't assume malice where stupidity would suffice . 
  my point is that the sc community denies itself larger exposure by not having ( or in my view actively suppressing though i can clearly see that you disagree ) . 
  i do n't find lol or dota interesting either but many people do . 
  actually more people find lol or dota interesting than sc . 
  those people are potential viewers for the potential 2 vs 2 scene which does not exist . 
  considering how the community is constantly complaining how sc2 is dying and even suggesting promoting the custom games ( which are more often than not totally unrelated to actual starcraft ) it is absurd that we as a community and blizzard as a company leaves this opportunity for promotion behind . 
  in this very thread someone posted the team games statistics and players in team games were more than players in 1 vs 1 games . 
  the players are here but the scene is not . 
  actually i would transfer half of the money i spend on tournament subscriptions to 2 vs 2 tournaments at once if they existed . 
  how do i vote with my wallet ? 
  and yes i do believe the viewership will increase with substantial percentage ( not necessary from lol or dota players ) if there were 2 vs 2 tournaments . 
  in fact i am thinking of spending some of my own money on local 2 vs 2 tournament . 
  too bad i do n't have experience organizing tournaments so i 'll probably skip . 
  btw i do agree that there is a problem with casting 2 vs 2 games because there is so much more action and it might be hard for an observer to follow . 
  this really is a problem with 2 vs 2 casts . 
  that 's the most stupid idea i 've ever heard or i am too stupid to know that this is a troll or a joke . 
  behold the attitude of a champion !, 
  from the whole interview i get the impression that he is talking both about his skill and about the sc2 scene when he says he will work to improve . 
  on the other hand the translation is obviously not very good so we should not cherry pick on subtle things in specific sentences . 
  so flash being good at lol is just a rumor ? 
  i guess the guy controlling the other five units managed to win after all . 
  while you are right in practice i 've lost many more games due to lost/broken media than due to digital services going down . 
  in fact this is the first time i will lose games due to digital service going down but i do n't really care . 
  but this was because rain is too predictable ( also boring ) and it was easy for maru to read and abuse his play . 
  artosis has nothing to do here . 
  mouse : g9x, 
  keyboard : steelseries 7g, 
  i do n't know about mice but i 've never seen any keyboard that can compare to steelseries . 
  remarkably durable and the features actually make sense for gaming but it looks like something you can buy for $ 5, 
  i put nothing . 
  ca n't remember why anymore . 
  i had have a g9 as well and tested the weights years ago and decided against them but can not remember why  btw i had one g9x break with the left button randomly doing clicks when dragging . 
  i 've never tried one of those cm storm things and i notice they are pretty popular around here . 
  on the other hand i 've tried razer and logitech keyboards and they are shit . 
  and everything from razer feels so fragile i am afraid to touch it . 
  i think even their mousepads can break if i hit them .
