  web pages ( that nobody uses ) is the php of . net . 
  i bet you can vomit your html just as fast as in php . 
  on the other hand i do n't see why people do n't use python for that . 
  seems like all the good of php without most of the downsides . 
  sites like these do n't run in a vps unless you run a lot of them and then you spread the costs . 
  and for $ 2 per month difference - come on , nobody is that cheap if he hires a dev to build a full website ( as opposed to deploy a wordpress ), 
  very few people find the c++ way intuitive but the best proof is that so many years later no language copied that approach . 
  i do n't know what other proof we need that it was a bad idea . 
  well this product is just posts with comments ? 
  and then come 3 vipers ... 
  yes but with so many liberators you can kill corruptors which is nice . 
  of course when vipers come you just type `` gg '' and quit . 
  prasitic bomb - basically starcraft 1 's irradiate but it works on all air units and air units only ( also colossus ) and if the unit dies the cloud stays there for a while dealing damage to surrounding units . 
  yes it is too late . 
  you are so old , time to find a wife and have kids . 
  she wo n't let you play and you will not have time working on two jobs anyway . 
  because the insane ai cheats . 
  the sc1 ai also cheats on vision . 
  that 's just a proposal that i am sure will be dropped . 
  i still think dropping the prefix version only is a good idea . 
  works fine in c # , practically no one is abusing it . 
  i have seen it abused just once in 10 years ( overloaded = = on mutable reference type ) . 
  it is about the culture . 
  i think i should start a repo where you can submit this issue and i will approve it . 
  since there is no work involved i wo n't have to put anything else in that repo . 
  because the postfix version is used much more often . 
  what are they gon na do when they see a for loop in c , c++ , java , c # , javascript ? 
  they ca n't be shielded from all of these . 
  that may be true but i have not seen anyone write it like that . 
  true but < < and   still exist and nobody overloaded them to mean input and output , 
  so do most programmers follow this practice ? 
  ( i do n't have experience with real world c++ ), 
  so my point still stands . 
  if you check the other languages listed you will find even more usage of postfix over prefix . 
  note that i do not argue about if it is right to use one or another but about the relative usefulness of the knowledge about this operator . 
  what makes you think so ? 
  there is both specification and implementation it is just in microsoft 's repository , 
  again i am not defending the operator but why do swift designers want to surprise programmers that come from c-style languages ( i.e. 
  most programmers in the world ) and force beginners to have harder time understanding non-swift code because they did not learn a super popular operator while at the same time breaking backward compatibility with existing swift code ? 
  well if you insist on lying to them , 
  i did n't know that . 
  lets not pretend that this brand new language is the best language out there ( even among mainstream ones ) . 
  it is just far better than the old apple language and they wo n't adopt someone else 's language even if it is better and they ca n't produce a better one . 
  ravagers are a problem for mech too . 
  i 'd prefer a bigger cooldown over the damage nerf though . 
  have you ever played 2 vs 2 with a friend ? 
  my suggestion is 8 range instead of 9 . 
  i do n't feel like lurkers are too strong . 
  in fact maybe only parasitic bomb is too strong the other zerg things are just a bit off . 
  1 range off the lurkers , 3 seconds increase of corrosive bile cooldown is just fine in my opinion . 
  why do you think so ? 
  i mean most of the usage of lurkers i 've seen has either been burrow around the opponent while he is fighting the rest of the army or just defensively protecting an area . 
  i do n't think i have seen much usage depending on range . 
  in my opinion range reduction will amount to slight damage nerf and a slight boost to colossus which are too weak anyway . 
  i see blizzard of today as the riot you describe . 
  probably because i grew up with blizzard of the 90s that barely touched the game and let players balance through maps , meta or just by not picking a race ( i remember a community that barely played terran before patch 1.07 . 
  yeah , whatever . 
  strongly disagree . 
  wo n't happen . 
  colossus are brutally nerfed and even if they were n't other armies would die before colossus could kill the lurkers . 
  a joke but whoever merged it was full of shit because he submitted to the troll . 
  did you quit ? 
  imagine a world where they just remove 2 vs 2 because they do n't like it . 
  i seriously would not have bought anything from blizzard again . 
  i am used to it . 
  i 've long claimed that the community 's attitude are the main reason team games are not popular . 
  note that not only my opinion but even my question is downvoted , 
  well i did not claim anything just expanding on the idea that they could drop one of the two . 
  i disagree blizzard are n't doing anything ( you could do it in the map editor so what ? ), 
  but i am really surprised people fell for marketing so easily . 
  team melee has been there since brood war how is it that suddenly it is the best thing since sliced bread ? 
  nope , there was a patch between 1.04 and 1.08 that buffed terran . 
  like changed the academy to 150 minerals and a few others . 
  but you are right i might have messed the numbers . 
  if it is not 1.07 then it was 1.05 but people already did play some meaningful terran before 1.08 . 
  of course 1.08 was the big patch . 
  i do n't know i wo n't be able to stay straight faced with so much bullshit around . 
  if people use lurkers this way then what 's the problem to change them . 
  after all the perceived imbalance is based on current usage not on your supposed perfect usage . 
  it is pretty clear to me that this is a joke . 
  i think the title of the thread is a joke too . 
  i 've felt this way since they removed the original wol maps . 
  ( gameplay reasons not design ), 
  i guess you get it while grinding to level 15 anyway so why bother ? 
  be thankful that we discovered you !, 
  i get mad for losing but i get mad at myself and i do n't remember ever insulting anyone after a loss unless they insulted me first . 
  they already had node on chakra . 
  too bad their browser still manages to crash every 5 minutes , does n't support extensions , does n't have tracking protection ( available in ie ) , does n't have previews for multiple tabs from the taskbar , is inferior in every way to ie on a touch device ( tabs on top come on ?! ), 
  and is extremely laggy on major websites such as facebook . 
  and i am saying that because i am using it right now . 
  oh you meant that claim ? 
  i definitely would do that . 
  i do n't see why you doubt it seeing that 2 vs 2 ( mainly in sc1 but also in sc2 ) is the most fun i had with any blizzard game . 
  not really . 
  it was a kind of ad-block . 
  i see like 5 times more ads now and the pages are slower than in ie . 
  nope . 
  but is it really useful since the v8 node is already available on other platforms ( was n't on windows 10 iot ), 
  i am not trying to defend chrome at all . 
  just saying that it is a downgrade from ie .
