  not fair to blame them . 
  i blame the community who could not see this coming even when we got the disgusting zergling skin the community was still in denial . 
  wait , he did n't take off his shirt tonight ? 
  as a non-native english speaker and a nerd i knew about the linux distribution years before i knew the original meaning of the word fedora, 
  oh the php finally ... never forget the immortal comment of helly@php.net - https://bugs.php.net/bug.php?id=32100, 
  note that they arrived to the conclusion that finally is not needed after having `` long discussions '', 
  my specific case has to do with serving images similar to imageresizer http module . 
  the caller can specify various options and the possible responses are more than returning the file and an error . 
  there are various combinations of allowed options and the image might not even be present in which case i must return 404 but my service layer should somehow indicate that via exception or in the result ( i.e. 
  the service layer can not just return 404 ), 
  in this case i am more interested about the different result patterns ( single class with properties vs different types ) rather than in the exceptions vs result debate . 
  yeah i am not some extremist anti-exception guy . 
  i just counted that i would need 3 catch blocks and that seemed like a bit too much . 
  this is a work project but it is greenfield and i am the sole backend dev for now . 
  i can kind of set the standard , 
  i 'd say the pattern matching code is better ceremony  i expect more developers to be added to the project ( lets hope it is successful enough that it makes sense ) , potentially mediocre but they will come one by one and while they can still misunderstand pattern matching at least they wo n't be able to challenge it because they are not in a group , 
  so btc1 is the segwit2x client ? 
  i ca n't even keep track who is who anymore , 
  by making it harder to count and distinguish units at a glance . 
  interesting and i get the reasoning but this seems to be like quite the heavy handed approach . 
  you force the user to consider all the cases but he has to declare them with syntax that is less readable than the alternative . 
  i can not but maybe a result type with enum is good enough ? 
  i do n't know maybe you are right . 
  it just seems too heavy handed approach for c # . 
  ideally we would have sum types which would solve both problems but not today . 
  even if humans let the ai get to the late game they would crush all the current ones if they do research and tweak the strategies accordingly . 
  yes , but the ais can micro and multitask flawlessly which gives them a big edge in rts games . 
  unless of course they are limited to human speeds which are the suggested rules for upcoming sc2 ais . 
  still the fact that they will use their actions flawlessly gives them significant edge . 
  go - the only language in the universe that has `` generics debate '' ( other than how generics should be implemented ), 
  yeah but these were the 90s since then one would assume that with practically every statically typed language other than c ( and you can treat c++ like c for people who want to use the newer version ) has generics . 
  they are well-understood by developers , they are battle tested and proven to be useful in practice . 
  dynamic languages give you flexibility and faster speed of development because you do not bother with types . 
  with go you have to deal with types and pay the price of static typing but you are denied all the benefits for no reason other than the developers are stuck in the 70s, 
  is it even possible for 2x to not activate ? 
  i mean if even one miner uses the standard software would n't that cause a chain split with the 2x version which will be accepted by nodes running btc1 ? 
  do n't worry !, 
  vitalik is a friend of putin . 
  yeah , and where is objective-c now ? 
  replaced by a language with generics , 
  the reason i asked this question is that this approach which is of course widely used was designed before c # had pattern matching . 
   despite microsoft 's strenuous efforts to breathe life into its smartphone platform and devices , windows phone had been on an inexorable downward slope for several years, 
  what are they talking about ? 
  ms is actively killing wp in the past 3 years . 
  without the state who would stop us from boarding flights with our children ? 
  and they are not even doing it on purpose, 
  i am sure that if we use enough violence ... 
  the thing i remember about apollo 's casting is always talking about the upgrades even when they were not important or the game was so scrappy that the players could not afford them . 
  even his meta discussions were about the upgrades and how some new meta means people get upgrades faster or slower . 
  the guy was obsessed with upgrades, 
  i will . 
  well then they can remove the skins because there are a bunch of them that make the game far worse . 
  scala is hardly an example of good language design . 
  more like a language with cool features . 
  no , i mean the people who send you a message and then you can respond . 
  there are the once who block you but most simply do not notice they are in dnd mode . 
  yeah , to be honest i am not sure if the negative impression i have for scala for being overly complex is not due to the libraries . 
  in fact as a side observer the thing that made worst impression is the abuse of operator overloading which is certainly something that we should blame on the libraries . 
  yeah the rule about overloading an operator is that someone familiar with the subject matter has to understand what the operator means without prior knowledge . 
  like if you have + for complex numbers . 
  you can go for + for timespans or datetime + timespan but i see no reason to ever override   and < <, 
  you seem to be in my position but i play 3-4 days for ~ hours . 
  i 've already completed phase one , feels very casual . 
  yeah ... you know skins are banned in tournaments right ? 
  i am surprised the number is so low . 
  probably because the site is satirical . 
  in the real world the number is closer to 97 %, 
  like me . 
  hodling both . 
  however if segwit2x does not happen ... 
  i 'd bet with my coins that it will . 
  if it does not i will sell when the activation fails probably at lower price if i sold tomorrow . 
  they wo n't put savior on the stage after the scandal, 
  i vaguely remember that he was in the audience of one gsl , the camera singled him out . 
  why do people recognize this theboy guy ? 
  i never heard of him and his liquipedia page lists just a couple of second places . 
  seems like i am missing something . 
  yes , but i believe that if 2x does not activate the miners who support larger blocks will fork ( i.e. 
  will activate ) . 
  in any case btc value will drop if the 2x portion fails . 
  well then prepare for the inevitable `` skin disabler hack '', 
  also no other game with skins is affected as much as starcraft . 
  maybe quake but they allow you to force the opponent skin there . 
  i play the game from the start and try to follow the scene from the start as hard as it was ( the internet was different back then ) . 
  i know about grrr ... 
  i know about themarine , i know d22_soso , i know [ b_blade ] leader , i know pillars , maynard ( the guy responsible for maynarding workers ) but i 've never heard of theboy . 
  i do n't mean disrespect , i just find it strange and wonder what part of sc history i missed . 
  the fun part is that it is 2s as in second place , 
   did n't they split the 2 maps they played ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i did n't watch but i am sure if the result was 1:1 yellow placed second , 
  yeah , good luck with that . 
  people barely get banned for map hack let alone that . 
  yeah but you know ... people did n't pay for dota2 to begin with . 
  btw disregarding the `` getting used to '' part how do you feel about the skin that literally hides the fact that you have an upgrade while the base one shows it ? 
  maybe we should get marines that hide the combat shield too ? 
  how the hell can you be an / r/bitcoin fan ? 
  you can be small blocks fan , segwit fan , bcc hater , big block hater or even core and blockstream fan but how can you be a fan of straight out censorship and debate supression ? 
  we did see such threads for quite some time and i do n't think it was punishment that stopped the hackers . 
  more like technically preventing hacks in some way .
