  so basically i should only vote for myself ever ? 
  i 'd rather vote for the candidate that is closest to my morals and desires even if not a perfect fit . 
  only people who pay taxes should be allowed to vote . 
  if you are employed by the government you do n't vote either . 
  what was wrong with your health care ( before obamacare ) ? 
  what 's wrong with not having a maternity leave ? 
  so you think you are better than the market and it should be you ( or bernie sanders ) who gets to decide when it is best to remove obsolete jobs ? 
  btw guess what you still need to compete with other countries who do n't care about bullshit progressive policies and will be happy to produce shit for even less money than your minimum wage . 
  seems to be fine , obama got two terms and for now seems like hillary is winning this one . 
  the us is doing so great now , not like under this individualist reagan . 
  yeah mark zuckerberg pushed a lot of people down to get there . 
  poor murdoch and his beautiful my space that was stomped by greedy zuckerberg . 
  he should have shared the users to preserve the wonderful experience that my space provided and allow people working there to keep their jobs . 
  how does it exclude my vote ? 
  i have the chance to vote for paul and i lose and i am given the chance to give my opinion on the top 2 candidates . 
  i think trump is much better than sanders so i vote for trump . 
  i do n't see where my incentive not to vote lies . 
  if it is hard and skilled labor people can just leave and do something else . 
  and also what will you do about greedy ceo moving work to china ? 
  nuke china ? 
  i just ca n't play games with random teams even if i like the game ( i dislike dotas ) . 
  if i ca n't get a real team to play constantly with i simply do n't play . 
  i do this even for sc 2 vs 2 . 
  i simply do n't understand people who can play with random teams . 
  i just ca n't bare the frustration . 
  my problem is slightly different . 
  i do n't care that much about being called a noob or losing but i am annoyed i can not do anything to improve . 
  when i lose with my friends we coordinate and decide to change something for the next game . 
  we can have some progress that i can not have with random teams . 
  however even more annoying is that with random teams you often can not even coordinate a strat . 
  btw i am very sad that there is no high profile game with 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 gamplay as default . 
  i can not possibly handle the logistics of 5 person teams ( as someone with a job and friends who have jobs ) but 2 vs 2 and 3 vs 3 is doable . 
  i am current diamond in 1 vs 1 ( was strictly masters before they shrank it in the middle of hots ) . 
  i do n't mind 1 vs 1 and i play a lot but i consider 2 vs 2 sc to be equally fun , challenging and deep . 
  also i want to play with my girlfriend and my friends and i do it but they have trouble keeping their interest in sc since there is no 2 vs 2 or 3 vs 3 content out there and they do n't care about 1 vs 1 so they gravitate towards other games . 
  i bet you can not lose to gold if you are masters in a best of 5 and i even doubt you lost to a real plat . 
  are you sure he is not diamond on his other account . 
  tasteless is the only correct answer and has always been . 
  kind of predictable though :(, 
  the only one i see beating him is mc . 
  thanks but i think i will invest my time playing with real life friends . 
  what server do you play on ? 
  i 'm on europe . 
  i feel the same way . 
  i choose to believe that she had training when she was a little kid probably under luke . 
  i would be really disappointed if they cheapened the force like that but i guess we have to wait 2 years to find out . 
  yeah that 's kind of a problem . 
  i guess you play at a different time too so i 'll have to pass but thanks for the offer . 
  fun fact - it is even worse for terran on lower levels . 
  reading it like this requires skill !, 
  posted like 3 times already . 
  arguably the first real bw world champion . 
  won kbk in 2000 http://wiki.teamliquid.net/starcraft/2000_kbk_masters_season_1, 
  i think this was the first lan event with people from all over the world . 
  do you like a challenge or do you like to win ? 
  if you like a challenge go for terran , if you like to win go for zerg . 
  how much simpler can it be ? 
  i find mirrors super fun . 
  i like the subtlety of sneaking just two workers more into your build . 
  sadly these days the maps are far bigger so that subtlety is reduced but still ... 
  no , you are as good with terran as you are with protoss but protoss is easier . 
  i play random i do n't care which race is easier because i play all of them . 
  one day i lose as terran the other i smash terrans as non-terran . 
  as someone who grew up playing 2 vs 2 starcraft tournaments i am super excited about this . 
  i also like that they did n't go for 5 vs 5 teams . 
  i tried to get into games with big teams but could n't handle the logistics and i ca n't stand playing random teams . 
  i think a team game with small teams is a niche that is underserved . 
  on the other hand i have to be honest - i simply do n't believe that a small studio has what it takes to produce an e-sport since they do n't have the name and marketing money to accumulate critical mass of competitive players . 
  i hope they prove me wrong . 
  well i do n't care about central protocol but ulrena was cool . 
  i hope the maps do n't get removed from the ladder too . 
  even central protocol was a breath of fresh air . 
  also it is fresh and original unlike the other cloned maps . 
  what 's so great about it ? 
  i would like to see the best players on different types of maps where they are forced to show some creativity instead of just outmacro each other the same way on every map ( every map being actually 1 map with different skins ) . 
  well designed units should have obvious weaknesses and strengths . 
  the high templar is just fine . 
  wait , you think high templar is not used ? 
  you must be playing a different game . 
  so how many reapers do you build now outside the 3rax reaper rush ? 
  the reaper has always sucked and still sucks . 
  i would really like to see a buff to terran that makes it easier to play rather than stronger on pro level ( may also help pros with their hands ), 
  i 'd rather see an upgrade to make it a meaningful part of the core army . 
  like say increased range or something so they can be part of the core mech army like goliaths were in sc1, 
  so how are the apis in openjdk different ? 
  i always thought the implementation was different but not the apis so oracle could still claim ownership over them . 
  i lost two times due to time restrictions on games that i was surely winning ( one turtle terran and one scrappy game as zerg ) . 
  the zerg game was a base trade where we had pretty much equal army ( maybe mine was stronger but it was hard to engage ) . 
  he had a nexus with no probes and i was long distance mining with 1 drone . 
  i did n't realize what the timer meant at once and when i did i tried a risky attack but it was too late since i had not enough time and he just pulled back until the time ran out . 
  on the turtle terran tvt i had an advantage in upgrades a lot of turrets and had mined out the gold and one base on his side via ninja expansions . 
  i am pretty sure i was going to win because he would run out of minerals on his side quite sooner . 
  interestingly the problem with terran requiring too much micro is manifested on pro level . 
  someone pointed out soon that players with wrist problems were mostly terran . 
  it taught me how to avoid doing work and shift the blame to other people or events ... wait i take that back . 
  you are right !, 
  this is something extremely useful in life and i do apply it at work . 
  they do n't have reliable delivery mechanism yet . 
  well depends on your definition of starving . 
  pictures of north korean people do not strike me as remarkably well fed but you are right that the famine days are long gone .
