  it is pretty obvious what you have to do you just need to click fast enough . 
  that depends on your definition of `` fail '' , 
  yes but i wish the player did n't have to do that . 
  after all if an extremely stupid bot can be better at this than a human i am not very interested in doing it or watching it . 
  now take for example force fields - you have to be fast and precise but it is also important to assess the situation correctly and this is not very easy . 
  we have seen on more than one occasion force fields that work against the caster even on pro level . 
  we have even seen force fields that seem bad at first but turn out to be great . 
  i have never seen a great marine split that turned out to be bad because the player misjudged the situation . 
  you either split your marines or do n't and if you split them it is always good . 
  i already gave an example of something that an extremely stupid bot will not be able to do better than human . 
  i am defining `` extremely stupid '' as a bot i can program . 
  i am a regular programmer working on business software not fancy ai and i can still build something that will split marines better than mma but i force-fielding bot is practically impossible to build on my level . 
  it will drop force fields and split the army but could not judge when it is worth to spend the energy or what part of the army to split . 
  lets agree on 2 drones , 
  where in the video does she play poor ? 
  well the world is not fair . 
  deal with it !, 
  i see no relationship between the need to define scientific unit of measure and the desire to define a unit of value . 
  let alone that the scientists did not have a problem with the unit being controlled by someone but with the natural processes that change the value of the unit . 
  by definition we ca n't have unchanging unit of value because the value of things changes based on the circumstances . 
  the supply of the unit of value bares absolutely no relation to anything in this otherwise great video . 
  i do subscribe to this definition too but it does n't mean that the value is unchanging . 
  in the same way a bottle of water 's value is much higher to a person in the desert despite the fact that the supply of water does n't change . 
  by contrast a kilogram is the same no matter the circumstances . 
  since i have distaste for all dota clones including heroes of the storm can you sum up the differences in the progression system in lol and hots . 
  i know that in lol you unlock skills from some tree or something ... 
  i do n't have much of a problem with paying for heroes but i see what you mean . 
  i wonder if with a game of this type ( including overwatch ) it is possible that after a time you will have too many heroes . 
  after all if they make money from heroes then there is an incentive to produce more of these . 
  i know i would hate a starcraft with 50 units per race , 
  i do n't see a problem to make the game a purchase + expansions and still have the option to buy heroes . 
  just do a season pass with all the heroes for a year and price it like an expansion . 
  all initial heroes can be packed as the price of the game . 
  aggressive balance patching is not a good thing in general . 
  this means that the developer is controlling the meta instead of player creativity . 
  so would you have a problem if you pay $ 60 for all current heroes and the heroes in the next year then pay $ 30 for the heroes in the next year , etc ? 
  i would like units that promote positioning and tactics over micro and i am talking about both kinds of micro - using abilities and splitting marines . 
  i want more units that play like sc1 mech . 
  i want to see zoning and ordering units before the battle so that they are more effective in the battle rather than mad clicking when abilities are cast . 
  wait !, 
  the thread was downvoted because people thought i wanted this to happen ? 
  have you noticed the weird relationship metaphors he uses ? 
  now he can make it even more weird . 
  yeah it makes sense . 
  in the real world marriage is like the sc community 's definition of all-in ( pioneered by artosis in my opinion ) . 
  artosis : `` he is going for a second all-in after the first one failed '' . 
  we can have more than one marriage in real life so it is just like sc all-in which is not really all-in , 
  one way is to endure it until you have a job and can afford to move out , 
  the 6 vs 6 format is interesting . 
  i wonder how large teams affects competitive scene . 
  i do n't play team games ( i do play sc 2 vs 2 but i am thinking of large teams ) mainly because i ca n't handle the logistics of keeping a relatively stable team to play with and i just get mad from the chaos of playing with random people . 
  now obviously people who play lol , dota , hots and cs on a high level have somehow solved this problem and i admire them for that but still i wish we had e-sports with smaller teams so i could get on board . 
  i read the faq and did not see an answer for this question . 
  so who is she and why does everyone here seem to know about her ? 
  i do n't comment on the in-game issues . 
  i am talking about the logistics like `` when we will play together ? '' . 
  and then the problems like this week player a 's grandma died , next week player b has a birthday , player c is on a vacation , player d 's parents took his pc away because of bad performance in school , etc. 
  how do you keep the team together before you go pro ? 
  i should watch proleague sometimes ( following only the gsl for now ), 
  to be honest this is surprisingly difficult programming problem . 
  i once tried to implement this type of multiplayer match making for a mobile game and my head almost exploded trying to deal with all the corner cases . 
  it is reasonable to expect that sc2 will return next year with lotv . 
  i am ok with the downsizing especially if sc is always present in dh valencia . 
  sucks for people who are close to dh summer though . 
  no , but i 'd rather see bigger prizes and fewer events . 
  btw valencia is nowhere near me but turns out there are direct planes from bulgaria . 
  yeah i agree that this downsizing is bad but i really ca n't keep up with all the tournaments . 
  i wish there were fewer of them with bigger prizes . 
  another option is more spread out events maybe for many countries ( like the first wcs ) that build up towards a final are also very good for the local scene . 
  seeing the same 100 players rotate on every tournament every week does not help sc become bigger . 
  yeah i know that . 
  it is not the downsizing of the healthy kind it is the other one . 
  agreed . 
  sc is getting smaller but the reduced number of tournaments is a symptom not the cause . 
  well this word `` dying '' assumes there is an end state `` dead '' which is not really what happens with competitive games . 
  i mean you can probably play competitive doom 2 if you really want to . 
  they have clearly stated it is the ie engine ( chakra ) minus backward compatibility and legacy technology and standards . 
  based on past experience - no . 
  i wonder how the 32 bit browsers compare . 
  they conveniently missed these in the chart . 
  of course they are right that the security benefits of 64 bit are probably worth it . 
  on the point of the early stages i really miss early wol early game . 
  the kind where 3 zealots off of 1 base fight 10 lings defending an expansion and things like that . 
  now the only version of this we see are cannon rushes and bunker rushes . 
  i do n't mind these but i am hoping for something that is not so optional and specific . 
  i am sick of this community 's obsession with macro and specifically the mechanical skill needed for macro . 
  i want my early game and small maps back . 
  trident is ( was ) the rendering engine . 
  the javascript engine is called chakra . 
  both have evolved in edge dropping legacy and thus improving in speed ( and hopefully other things like security and stability ) . 
  also assumes that making tools is really easy so every tool is optimal as long as it is chosen for the right task . 
  well if 32 bit is faster the performance matters even on 64 bit os . 
  well i do miss those days . 
  also i find it annoying that it is blizzard telling us what the game should be . 
  that was never the case in brood war . 
  for some reason i do n't believe these programmers work at google . 
  i do crud and production-quality crud with real world data and real world users is not easy either . 
  it is easier than most other kinds of programming but i am sure it does not qualify as `` easy '' . 
  there was an article posted on reddit from a guy who did that with genetic algorithms . 
  he generated brainfuck code .
