  now they could have their cake and eat it too if they allowed overloading the implicit cast ( like c # does ) or at least hardcode the assignments in the compiler . 
  so you do n't use linq ? 
  so what percentage of the vote do they represent ? 
  how many more need to vote against to block the proposal ? 
  there is n't any reason not to make it a string but i know some reasons not to make it an int . 
  so the proposal will probably pass despite of opposition ? 
  what 's that true/false thing that sort accepts ? 
  and why would you need it to do paging , orderby already exists, 
  same . 
  and when my phone stops working ... well i 'll have to switch if i ca n't buy one . 
  it is not like i 'm gon na build it . 
  i find this very sad . 
  i hope at least they develop some coop campaign with real story that is canon in the lore . 
  i just want to play missions with actual lore . 
  not a big fan of reading outside the game content . 
  yes , it was but they did fire metzen, 
  whenever you use a filesystemwatcher you should ask yourself, 
  who watches the file system watchers ? 
  and who watches the kernel !?!? 
  oh boy ... it never ends . 
  does she use a windows phone ? 
  is it possible to simply share code using xamarin . 
  what if i have pure business logic and am ok with doing the ui and supporting things like notifications completely separately for each platform in its native language ? 
  exactly !, 
  so you stopped reading because you disagreed with their views on something ? 
  also if i recall correctly there were two articles one pro-drm and one anti-drm . 
  the article did n't argue that drm would work for protecting content . 
  the article argued that implementing drm would allow standards-based solution for video on the web and thus remove the need for flash and silverlight and separate platform-specific applications . 
  the fact that you and i know that drm does not work technically does not mean shit to the powers that decide if certain content goes on the web or not . 
  these powers put it like this `` drm or gtfo ! '', 
  companies would just use silverlight , flash or demand you install proprietary plugin . 
  this is not some fantasy . 
  this is literally what they did 2 years ago . 
  i have yet to find a better technical site . 
  obviously not all their articles are of the highest quality and they do post stuff that i disagree with both on technological and political grounds but i am not interested in reading a site that only posts what i agree with . 
  is there any real world use case where one would settle for anything less than sound/strong mode ? 
  they did n't back down . 
  they pushed for drm built in the browser . 
  the very thing we 're discussing . 
  ok i accept the correction but in practice it does n't matter . 
  what matters is if the user has to install third party plugin in their browser . 
  now he does n't so everyone is happy . 
  i stand corrected again . 
  not everyone is happy . 
  some purists complain . 
  of course whether this becomes a w3c standard is completely irrelevant as it was implemented by every major browser far before it was `` accepted '' . 
  which companies ? 
  when i go to the wikipedia page i read, 
   the encrypted media extensions interface has been implemented in the google chrome , [ 7 ] internet explorer , [ 8 ] safari , [ 9 ] firefox , [ 10 ] and microsoft edge, 
  sounds like all major players support this and i am pretty sure they have been supporting it for about 2 years now . 
  i saw one of these incidents in the local bulgarian news . 
  some guy who owns a restaurant sets up some stand or something to give soup to the poor . 
  government fines him because his food that he cooks at home ( not at his restaurant business ) has not been checked by some shitty government institution . 
  you have not grown up in an open web free of drm . 
  there was plenty of drm in the form of flash and silverlight . 
  the content that is now protected by html drm was previously protected by flash and silverlight and special plugins . 
  yeah . 
  except that i 'd rather trust, 
  1 ) the incentive of the business to keep the reputation of its brand, 
  2 ) private institutions that certify food, 
  before government regulations, 
  so what ? 
  netflix prefer it , the users prefer it and the content is still drmed . 
  yeah ... netflix did n't exist in the age of silverlight ... 
  the drm in silverlight was not any more restrictive than the current drm . 
  people were just annoyed by having to install a plugin . 
  and again nobody implementing drm believes they will stop piracy . 
  what they want to do is be able to show content owners that they have drm so they can host their content . 
  so who monitors the state institutions . 
  also i already buy things based on brands do n't see what would change if there were no government agencies regulating them, 
  i do n't get this one . 
  other stories have clear explanation on how the narrator survived to tell the story but this one does not . 
  reality disagrees . 
  evident by the fact that drm is in every major browser and is official standart, 
  iphone was the first device to get drm in its browser . 
  also got custom apps for the services that use drm . 
  again the fact that everybody on this subreddit knows that drm ca n't prevent piracy is irrelevant . 
  browsers will have drm and netflix will use it . 
  that 's it . 
  ethics have nothing to do with it . 
  you have a customer that is paying you to build certain tool . 
  you tell him the tool does n't work but he wants the tool anyway . 
  you build it . 
  there is nothing unethical about this . 
  also note that drm sometimes works . 
  i am not sure about movies but it certainly works for games where it is not transparent as it is on the web and is actual problem for the legitimate users . 
  still it works and will therefore continue to be implemented . 
  sure after a couple of weeks the game is cracked and pirated anyway but like half the money a game makes is made in the first week so blocking piracy for just a week is still worth it . 
  now i doubt drm for movies lasts more than 10 seconds but who knows maybe it prevents less knowledgeable from ripping things and slows down piracy by a marginal amount ? 
  how many years do you have before retiring ? 
  it is not like your post was high on information . 
  this is what i said when asp.net core was announced ( then called cloud optimized or some similar bullshit ) . 
  however the situation is not nearly as bad as the python 3 disaster because after all the core language was n't forked . 
   it feels they prematurely started building asp.net core , presented it as a natural upgrade, 
  to be fair to ms they did n't do that . 
  staying on mvc5/webapi2 was a no brainer for me . 
  i do n't know why anyone thought about this `` dilemma '' for more than 15 seconds . 
  the tag helpers are pretty cool . 
  you also get some upgrade path . 
  i find it funny how people who ask for government regulations tend to be the same people who then complain that regulations are written by big corporations who pay politicians ,
