  i would n't call myself nvidia fanboy although i buy nvidia cards . 
  on the other hand i am a big fanboy of free market and rough , wild capitalism with no regulations . 
  if amd ca n't survive whatever nvidia are doing then the world will be better without them . 
  on the other hand i do n't mind if people who disagree pay more for the same fps to keep amd in the game , 
  it does n't seem to be a problem for consoles or the mobile space . 
  what is more diversification surely means some fragmentation . 
  ok but you have to keep the balance to preserve competition do n't you ? 
  who will buy amd cards if not you and stop nvidia from becoming complete monopoly ? 
  that 's fine . 
  in my extremely capitalist mind this sounds like an advertisement for nvidia . 
  sounds like amd are either incompetent and they can provide comparable libraries or they are so irrelevant nobody cares to use amd 's libraries in their games . 
  consoles are doing quite well . 
  you may not like exclusives but the market seems happy . 
  amd are free to close their libraries . 
  they are supposed to compete not play the good samarian . 
  i do n't dispute that . 
  i just wonder why people want to buy amd gpus when amd tells them that many games will run worse and no games will run better, 
  mantle is not on the consoles . 
  directx 12 will be on one of them . 
  unless they also have directx 12 support in which case they will run pretty much the same . 
  also amd just informed us themselves that they ca n't push mantle . 
  they ca n't even get companies to stop using that thing they ca n't optimize for . 
  they had assemblies in 2001 . 
  that 's more than what you can say about the competition back then in the form of java and php . 
  let 's see how this plays out . 
  i suspect a new python 3 effect might come into play . 
  i wo n't be surprised if people just continue to develop the old way . 
  the only real game changer for practically every asp.net dev i know is the save/refresh development experience . 
  running on linux , the project system , throughput gains from minimalistic web servers like katana are not anything normal dark matter developers care about . 
  sure but at the time just having some organization was superior architecture . 
  can not be programmed in c #, 
  now the new microsoft ( tm ) may be willing to promote . net on competing platforms but paying for it ... 
   find it myself . 
  well has someone shipped a product based on this ? 
  is it production quality ? 
  or maybe people do actually buy it . 
  breeze is a friend of mine . 
  i sent him the link to this thread and i think he may come and drop a comment . 
  as / u/tl _ wax pointed out he used to work on a ship for a while ( that is his formal education ) . 
  later he started playing poker professionally and last time i checked he still did . 
  accidentally [ o ] mr.x ( sk.insomnia a wcg champion in warcraft iii ) also plays poker or at least that 's what he did when i last asked . 
  it may be interesting to note that breeze was never taught how to do 3d modeling or even draw and this was before wider availability of high quality tutorials on the internet ( certainly there were no video tutorials which are helpful for visual stuff ) . 
  how he managed to draw something of such quality without serious help is still beyond me . 
  i will insert a link to my comment here to get noticed - http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/26tv0i/over_a_decade_ago_a_bulgarian_fan_made_a_3d_model/chure03, 
  now for obvious reasons i wo n't post his contact info . 
  i am really interested in the discussion about what makes someone male or female from game point of view . 
  if we think that males have an advantage in e-sports ( assuming this is the reason female only tournaments exist ) then what is the reason . 
  - society makes it so males can compete better . 
  in this case trans should be allowed . 
  after all society kind of accepts them as female . 
  - biological differences make male brain and hands be better at e-sports . 
  in this case trans people should be allowed . 
  - growing up with lego and other boy toys makes better develops the skills needed for e-sports than playing with dolls and other girl toys . 
  in this case trans people should n't be allowed because they grew up as boys . 
  so which one is it ? 
  no i am seriously interested to know if females can compete with top males even if they try as hard as the top males . 
  for example it is obvious to me that a female boxers ca n't compete with male boxers ( on the highest level ) and the reason is obvious - males are physically stronger . 
  is there anything in e-sports that makes females worse or is the fact that there are no top female players purely a result of the normal player pool being male dominated . 
  the whole experience of his battle reports is also amazing . 
  for people who do n't know battle reports were something people did before starcraft had replays and they continued as a kind of an art form for a couple of years after there were replays . 
  basically an observer tells the story of the game in writing , sometimes featuring lore with several screenshots sprinkled around . 
  some of the reports were hilarious . 
  for example there was this guy mark iv who had this image of being absolute fan of micro . 
  he believed that every battle can be won with enough micro . 
  the line from one battle report about a team game where he was taken out early was, 
  `` mark iv was still thinking of a way of microing a single observer to victory '', 
  breeze took battle reports to a new level . 
  first he made a lot of screenshots and later merged them in photoshop to create a bigger picture that showed more of the battlefield . 
  he annotated the screenshots with arrows showing the movement and added something like fog of war to make the important things stand out . 
  i remember that he told me that he wrote a . bat file to rename all screenshot files because starcraft had problems with naming screenshot files after 99 . 
  this attention to detail does not seem anything special now when we have spectator features in the game and professional production crews but back in the time when there was no video on the internet let alone live streams and no replays in the game it was unheard of . 
  he also paid similar attention to the actual text despite not being a native speaker at least this is my opinion and i am biased and also not a native speaker . 
  the models you see here are part of the art he did to accompany a battle report series . 
  in addition to the `` production value '' of his battle reports he also showed great understanding of the game . 
  he was an ok player ( probably would rate him as high plat - low diamond in todays terms ) , probably slightly higher than the other people who wrote battle reports but he got help from mr.x who at the time was one of the best players in the world ( as i pointed out he later won a wcg in warcraft iii ) and certainly a top 3 non-korean . 
  mr.x gave insight into what was going on in a pro 's mind and pointed attention to details not easily seen by regular players . 
  today we have interviews , casters , pro players streaming and commentating but at the time there was no way to know why a pro did something . 
  breeze 's battle reports were explaining strategies on a level that you could rarely find on the internet back then . 
  ok so how did scarlett make it then ? 
  i bet statistically there are more females playing the game than transsexuals and we do n't really think the community is more welcoming to trans than to females , do we ? 
  my bet is on my lego vs dolls theory , 
  the story about lifting a building is actually told in one of breeze 's battle reports . 
  are you sure you did n't read it there ? 
  btw the guy 's main race was zerg . 
  i once almost won a game against him in tvt in some online tournament where he played by the name of nova but i lost . 
  i was complaining about how close i was to winning and how did i hit someone so good at the first round . 
  i did n't know it was him then but breeze knew because he signed us up for the tournament and the guy who organized it ( a player known as montaro if i recall correctly ) did not randomize the player list so we had to play each other in the first round . 
  first breeze told me i should not worry about losing to that guy because he was supposed to be very good . 
  later he told me that nova was mr.x and i was suddenly proud of the way i played . 
  we used to joke about this later . 
  i was about to sign up for an online tournament and i said i was gon na win to which breeze replied `` yeah , right !, 
  i am gon na sign up nova just next to you . '', 
  were you known back then ? 
  pillars was one of my favorite players of the era . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/26vocd/i_present_you_the_lost_art_of_battle_reports/ - for more information about the dead sea scrolls of starcraft , 
  then i think it is imperative that you support both . 
  you want to run on the xbox do n't you ? 
  i am a software developer . 
  boring enterprise and/or business stuff , not game programming or anything . 
  it turns out that the people i played starcraft with 15 years ago are valuable connections i now have in the local software industry .
