  well i like to be paid so ... 
  i agree with your prediction and think that is great . 
  the other suggestions are far fetched . 
  i do n't think that limitation can be lifted without record types or structural typing . 
  i have asked this question to eric lippert . 
  here is his answer, 
  because we are paid to c # not to f # . 
  `` fuck '' in the bad way not as `` we love them so much we 'd like to fuck them '', 
  i am only aware of one useless/obsolete feature of c # - anonymous methods . 
  ok someone willing to fill me up . 
  who is this guy and what did he do ? 
  thanks . 
  so how did a person like this end up in moderator position for more than 1 stream ? 
  btw it is the same article you read an year ago , 
   es6 arrows share the same lexical this as their surrounding code . 
  i have found arrow functions to only be usable for array filtering and the like . 
  wait , did he just bash lexical this ? 
  the whole article is outright bullshit . 
  who the hell programs with non-english keyboard layout ? 
  just like visual studio , 
  why the hell would you do that ? 
  i mean i ca n't even stand us-international that comes with windows in eu , let alone deal with even less standard layouts . 
  those exist ? 
  what are some differences . 
  i want to pick a side . 
  i do n't really hate it . 
  i just think it is not as interesting as some of the other alternatives . 
  there is also much more crud work than embedded work . 
  if even 1/3rd of the people doing crud jumped to embedded salaries would tank in a way similar to game dev salaries . 
  also i personally am spoiled by c # and i am annoyed by c++ so embedded is not an option . 
  i 'd rather do crud in c # than embedded in c/c + +, 
  i do n't think there is anyone doing tabs in the . net world . 
  does stylecop recommend tabs because i am sure resharper does n't ? 
  i am not talking about the physical keyboard layout but about the one you choose in the os, 
  missing keys i guess . 
  different behavior ( like in us-international ), 
  for . net devs - facebook taught us that asp.net web forms is conceptually better than asp.net mvc . 
  xaml is component framework . 
  definitely in the react and web forms club . 
  equality in c # is perfectly fine . 
  if you want to put the blame on something you should blame implicit casts . 
  if we remove implicit casts and require explicit casts everywhere each and every case becomes perfectly logical and expected . 
  how is this different ? 
  seems like it has the casts baked into the operators so there are no implicit casts . 
  they did not `` give up '' . 
  external comparers were always needed and were always there because it is obvious to everyone that you may want to compare one way in one case and another way in another case . 
  not having internal comparers would be horrible because i surely do n't want to declare a comparer every time i want to use a dictionary . 
  i will laugh so hard when this happens . 
  turns out ballmer was right all along . 
  they are competing on pricing right now . 
  why do you think it would be impossible for them to compete specifically on pricing ? 
  i think they have bigger problems competing on dev mind-share . 
  i ca n't find an easy way to compare on this website without research . 
  does azure lose significantly ? 
  because i remember microsoft committed to matching amazon prices and i read an announcement about price reductions to match the price reductions of amazon made a week earlier . 
  are you surprised ? 
  this was all but announced on the first windows 10 event . 
  they announced that windows will support iot and that it will be free on iot devices . 
  obviously they could not announce raspberry pi 2 support since raspberry pi 2 was not announced . 
  i am quite annoyed that everyone just makes brainfuck with different symbols . 
  these languages should be banned from list and videos about esoteric programming languages . 
  they are just noise pollution . 
  the only language of this kind that might sneak in is whitespace since it allows a program to be a valid c program and a different whitespace program . 
  everything else like ook , dogie and similar bullshit should be ignored . 
  befunge and piet are cool though . 
  it is not getting the game running it is the support that costs money . 
  why would these people game on linux then ? 
  id made official quake port to linux . 
  carmack said it was a commercial failure and they did not do it for rage . 
  they did better than a poll they released an actual game . 
  these logic is flawed in multiple ways . 
  first of all many companies do not use linux and they do not care about gaming . 
  it is completely arbitrary suggestion that people will use linux if games were ported to it . 
  in addition even if blizzard ported their games these would change nothing as there will be more companies without linux ports and people will continue to play blizzard games on windows simply because they play say league of legends on windows . 
  and finally even if every company ports their current title to linux there is 20 years of gaming legacy on windows and nobody is spending money to port that . 
  my point is that this either happens naturally due to market forces or it never happens at all . 
  nobody went around doing petitions for android ports but android has a good number of games . 
  the first petition to port to blizzard to port to linux i remember was around 2001 maybe with diablo 2 . 
  in the free market you petition with your wallet . 
  i am sure blizzard are watching closely valve 's efforts with linux . 
  however steam survey shows quite bad results for linux . 
  it is better to run a machine with steam on linux than to vote in a poll , 
  mvp is the best . 
  the only reason he is not destroying people right now is his hand injury . 
  in addition with boxer the game did not change . 
  sc2 is constantly patched so it may be the game that changed instead of people learning to play and surpassing mvp . 
  of course the latter excuse is not needed since as i said the only reason mvp is not as good now is his hand injury . 
  why the hell did they do that ? 
  ship it before it stops compiling !, 
  first ms needs to open source it . 
  they have only open sourced core and asp.net ( basically what is needed for the web stack ), 
  here is a scenario that also happens to be the real world :, 
  everyone codes in js because it is the only thing that runs on every client and server . 
  java keeps going on because of great legacy and the best vm out there . 
  . net stays exactly where it is now . 
  both desktop platforms rely heavily on windows apis . 
  it would be hard to port even if they open sourced ( so they are not bothering ) . 
  constructor initializing is much better than declaration initializing in most cases . 
  it is hard to follow the order of initializations when they are bundled with the declaration and it is hard to debug since you have no method to step through . 
  what tool generates a gc ?
