  he does that every day on stack overflow , 
  tfs is around since maybe 2005 . 
  they did not make it in this day and age and while i have little experience with tfs source control the general feedback is that it is one of the better centralized source control systems . 
  certainly not on tfs the alm solution . 
  if anything they are enhancing tfs with git support . 
  on the other hand it may mean that they are throwing the towel on the tf version control system . 
  it is hard to say since ms rarely announces the death of anything , they just stop releasing new versions . 
  however my guess is that they wo n't do that any time soon since they have actual paying customers using tf source control . 
  i 've never used mercurial but i 've used several guis for git that made me cry . 
  git itself made me cry . 
  from what i hear the fact that git won is a very sad thing for me . 
  my first exposure to git was through git extensions . 
  3 months later i quit , 
  i thought type providers were very interesting idea but for the first time i feel really excited about them . 
  until i saw this post i did not realize that they can be used in my actual everyday work . 
  do you happen to know where the idea comes from ? 
  i thought the f # team invented it but i may be confused because i follow mainly the . net world . 
  maybe but i felt sad when i had to use it . 
  now i do n't feel sad , 
  i guess they wanted to show that intellisense works . 
  now why they put this in the blogpost title ... 
  you were correct , 
  you do n't own the hardware in the same sense that you own it if you buy unlocked . 
  if you have different meanings of the word `` own '' then we can treat carrier sponsored phones as leased or something . 
  one could argue that if the state does not protect this contract locked phones can not exist as business model and more business models are better for consumers . 
  i am not saying that this is the case here but it is a reasonable thing to argue . 
  you think this is unorthodox ? 
  try this one - http://www.kuro5hin.org/story/2006/3/14/175929/544, 
  did you consider other dvcs when you decided to integrate one into tfs ? 
  many people feel mercurial is better but git has `` won '' . 
  in what situations if any will you recommend the usage of centralized source control over dcvs in general and in the context of tfs ? 
  i really wish he was disqualified a couple of times . 
  i am nowhere near pro level and i have read the actual gsl rules . 
  it seems that everyone but the foreigners in the gsl know that it is forbidden to type in chat and if you do it means you surrender . 
  the situation with kespa is even more ridiculous and stephano is the worst offender . 
  he almost got kicked out of proleague for typing at the start of the game and it seems like the whole world understood why but not him . 
  the very next week he types `` gl hf '' in his gsl matches ... 
  i really really wish they kick him out of a league a couple of times just so he knows that these tournaments are serious business . 
  and this is why he should be disqualified a couple of times, 
  do you ask me if it is banned or what is wrong with it in principle ? 
  do you suggest that `` gl hf '' is n't banned in the gsl ? 
  also it is a gsl rule . 
  he broke the kespa rule and the very next week he broke the same rule in gsl . 
  gsl has the `` no chat '' rule . 
  and yes he should be disqualified for breaking the rules . 
  if he does not like the rules he should not play in that league . 
  yeah . 
  always by foreigners . 
  or you know of any case where a korean player typed anything in the gsl ? 
  while i do n't dispute that government may have access to skype ( i do n't know why people are ok with government accessing their phone calls but not their skype calls ) i think skype proved to be a good deal ( for now ) . 
  the article you linked points out that the service has been growing quite a lot and this is not counting the strategic value of skype . 
  at first i thought this was a joke post but it seems that other people are taking it seriously . 
  please explain how this kills skype ? 
  even if the protocol is superior to kill skype you will need to migrate millions of users . 
  what is the difference between gsl and proleague for this ? 
  well let 's assume for a while that they do n't . 
  how will this kill skype ? 
  but they complain mostly about skype which may be accessed . 
  with phone calls it is absolutely sure and official that they are accessed and last time i checked people talk on the phone much more than they do on skype . 
  still government access to skype is big news and government access to phone calls is `` meh '', 
  yeah . 
  in my experience you will send them this url ... in skype . 
  you can not say `` gl hf '' in the gsl, 
  true but i still wish he was disqualified . 
  i am somewhat of a fan of stephano and i wish someone teaches him a lesson . 
  in my opinion skype is the large network of users , not specific capabilities of the app . 
  i 've never in my life used skype video for everything but a test but i use it as an im all the time . 
  i tried switching away from skype once when it did n't have offline messages and failed . 
  just too many people there . 
  well first of all i do n't think they did . 
  but even if we assume they did what is the problem in turning skype into a web service using this particular tech ? 
  then skype become even more dominant and unmovable . 
  oh ... why the hell does this happen ? 
  because most people 's goal in life is to push the numbers for specific os in hardware surveys , 
  i really do n't mind when web is used for information presentation ( youtube , wikipedia , etc. ), 
  i hate when it is used to build apps . 
  while you are correct in general more advanced software is still desktop software . 
  heavy mail users usually have desktop clients , professional use desktop tools , etc. 
  in addition mobile apps are much closer to desktop apps ( in architecture and the way they work ) than web apps . 
  he almost switched to php for this project just to be able to deploy on more oss and hosting services . 
  completely ridiculous ruby-centered title . 
  my face still hurts from the powerful facepalm this title caused . 
  he explained the transition in previous blogpost although he does not mention the project name . 
  they almost built the project in php because of its presence on every hosting provider . 
  the decision to not go with ms tech has nothing to do with the quality of the tech but with the environments they expect their users to deploy their product . 
  if he builds stack overflow ( centralized service which you can not deploy for your own use ) he will probably go with windows tech again . 
  i think this post explains a lot of the reasoning for not using ms tech for this particular project . 
  he was perfectly aware of this but says he was `` forced to consider it '', 
  it is obvious to me that the very same reasons that forced him to consider php forced him to drop ms tech . 
  the decision is not a testimony to any technical qualities of either stack . 
  they say they aim to be like wordpress of forum software . 
  i believe wordpress is deployed and used by many people who do not have access to their own server . 
  here is one side of his take :, 
  i would be sad if he proves to be even more correct than he expected and his ror project fails because the tech is not so widely deployed . 
  as far as i know they do not sell the platform for users to install . 
  what you 've seen is either a site hosted on stack exchange or more probably one of the countless clones . 
  according to the blogpost jeff did not find himself productive in ruby . 
  he found himself so unproductive that they had to hire another dev , 
  and even then you have to work on your app . 
  of course some people are more inventive than others and make more profitable but simpler apps .
