  i 'd bet that segwit2x will be a success at least short term ( 1 year ), 
  yes . 
  except that your uasf segwit coins will be worth precisely nothing so you wo n't be able to buy anything with them, 
  thank you . 
  i thought i was going insane with people around me who value freedom and hate government expansion supporting this bullshit . 
  net neutrality laws and regulations are quite new . 
  this is not a matter of opinion, 
  nobody is limiting bitcoin traffic or even wants to limit it, 
  you can argue that cosmetics are worthless but announcers , campaigns or commanders have value . 
  not that it is very easy to defend position but at least two of these unlock actual gameplay and one is much more substantial than a skin . 
   what would keep an isp from making mining impossible or slowing access to the blockchain from throttling a connection from any associated ips, 
  uhm ... how about the fact that they want to keep their customers who give them money ? 
  see / u/potatobadger on why this happens . 
  however btc will be the last thing to be worried about if isps really started to abuse their monopoly . 
  why are n't you worried that your internet will be 10 times as expensive and only accessible through gateways which inject ads for example ? 
  also it is worth noting that other than price/speed ratio us isps are doing fine . 
  they throttled netflix and youtube which in my opinion is logical especially if physical infrastructure is so hard to build as you suggest . 
  people use scroll wheel to jump ? 
  we need that option not only for spectators but for everyone . 
  i hope so but i doubt it :(, 
  oh the stalking ... 
  yeah and valencia is a great city if you do n't mind the heat in the summer so i had great time after the tournament . 
  pictures of pros . 
  stilgar for scale, 
  honestly i think he was over it at this point and this is simply his normal face when he is not smiling . 
  well they are working on big features ( the traits feature and nullability tracking ) which are supposed to ship in a major release ( 8.0 ) while the features you cite are minor features intended to ship in a minor release ( 7.1 , 7.2 ), 
  there is no reason that the feature you describe can not exist . 
  however there is no demand for such a feature . 
  no one wants to convert kotlin codebases to java, 
  and here i am living a happy life using code first but not letting ef generate the database, 
  i would immediately take 30 % pay cut if they let me use this and no js, 
  i just create tables the way i find optimal for the database and then write classes the code first way to match them . 
  no generation in either direction . 
  this removes the migrations and mapping drama . 
  i do n't have properties i do n't need in the model simply to be able to declare a foreign key . 
  and if it turns out that i was wrong i will simply put the db creation script n an initial migration and pretend i was doing migrations from the start, 
  yes everything is the same except you do n't use migrations and the db creation features of ef, 
  solidity is not modeled on javascript . 
  this is just absurd marketing . 
  the only thing it shares with js is that they are both c-style languages . 
  still worth it, 
  the fact that laws do not apply to crypto is both good and bad thing . 
   if my bank loses two million of my bucks i can get it back because they 're going to be accountable, 
  oh man ... you are in for a surprise . 
  `` significant portion '' that is covered by the government varies by country but is usually around $ 50k . 
  good luck with your millions . 
  also you do n't need an alien attack to have effectively bankrupt government . 
  i have lived through a period of daily 50 % inflation ( bulgaria 1997 ) and i can assure you there were neither aliens nor nukes . 
  sure the government will give you the amount the bank lost but it will be worth nothing . 
  on top of this you have the risk that the government will simply take your money just like that . 
  ask those people that put their money in banks at cyprus a couple of years back . 
  all these are just extreme circumstances not counting the gradual devaluation of currencies due to the fact that the government is constantly printing more, 
  yes . 
  and = for assignment, 
  i am powerless against this argument . 
  i honestly ca n't think of another language that uses the function keyword . 
  solidity is surely javascript, 
  in theory the fbi but in practice they do n't know where to send them . 
  yes . 
  if you look closely c allows you to use the operator * for things that are not multiplication . 
  yeah but static typing brings it closer to java . 
  after all js was made to resemble java, 
  still not `` millions '', 
  typescript is not part of . net in any shape and form except that they both come in the default visual studio installation . 
  so great that only na people get to see the value !, 
  and this is why i use normal skins . 
  i still bought the war chest because i 'm such a sucker for esports but i 'd honestly pay more to not see skins than i would ever pay for skins . 
  whatever they do i hope they stop with the childish bullshit . 
  let us play the bad guys like we did in sc1 do not make everyone good . 
  let us place the zerg force that just wants to expand with no notion of morale . 
  let us play the proud protoss who think every other race is just ants so they can just kill them and not think about it . 
  also stop trying to invent even bigger villain with even more powers . 
  great stories do not require to put the universe on the line every time . 
  hell , even lord of the rings is about some war against some lesser spirit who wants to take over one continent that the elves do not even care about and the great enemy that could take over the world was defeated millennia ago . 
  i always get downvoted when i suggest an option to turn skins off . 
  `` but then no one will buy the skins '' ... yeah better ruin my game because someone might stop buying skins . 
  skins are confusing ever since zerglings got wings, 
  if all skins were like the zergling skin i would not play . 
  worst thing will be a story where it turns out amon was just a servant of some even greater and more powerful evil . 
  or a story where they resurrect amon but this time he will be more powerful . 
  can someone explain how bcc can trade if the fork has n't happened yet ? 
  yeah but the problem that it affects gameplay is much worse . 
  they could probably let us disable/enable skins for team games separately from 1 vs 1 and even enable/disable skins for allies and opponents separately and set different defaults . 
  i can bet they will . 
  it damages the game significantly . 
  also i can bet that if they do not provide this option a third party program will provide it . 
  imagine the outrage when people get banned for disabling skins ... 
  i would spend money to not see the skins . 
  i will match the price . 
  in fact lets make it so everyone can choose the price of the skin and the antiskin and if someone paid more he gets to force his decision on the opponent , 
  now i hate myself for buying the warchest . 
  i do n't want to stimulate this pollution . 
  at least i never bought separate skins ( and i bought all commanders and announcers ), 
  who knows maybe qc will allow modifying skins down the road . 
  however in qc you should be able to tell champions apart so just forcing any skin wo n't cut it . 
  ok let blizzard try me . 
  just put a price on this anti-skins . 
  e-sports has not . 
  skins are banned in tournaments , 
  this community begged blizzard to add skins for years .
