  yes , youtube and pornhub can beat ad blockers but smaller websites wo n't be able to a method so complicated . 
  yeah , like hbo and did ... oh wait !, 
  developing complex and fragile system to mix the ads with your content and even obfuscate them is not expensive ? 
  it will result on more bugs , lag , breaking functionality in browsers , etc. 
  so that will block many services that intend to make money off of ads from existing at all . 
  i like it . 
  react always hit me as a great idea implemented as it would be implemented for a project and not for a framework used by millions . 
  feels like sloppy engineering compared to angular 2 ( which is somewhat inferior idea ), 
  red alert was a good game for the time but this is where the tides turned in blizzard 's favor . 
  warcraft ii was better multiplayer game . 
  the addition of fog of war alone made it much deeper ( ra did n't have dynamic for of war iirc ), 
  yes and no . 
  the hardware will be a generational leap but it seems like they intend to use the same software platform . 
  maybe some games or things like vr ( if/when it gets one ) will only work on scorpio because of hardware demands but otherwise the two consoles should be compatible . 
  i use a version of this to test oop skills - http://sietch.net/viewnewsitem.aspx?newsitemid=237, 
  of course there is no `` correct '' answer but the candidate must be able to defend his choices after writing the code . 
  ok i do n't get it . 
  some states do not care about percentages ? 
  what did they do , literally hardcoded party names democrat and republican in the laws ? 
  you used git magic and if you wrote an unit test you would have caught the issue immediately ? 
  yeah but in this case unit and integration test is practically the same thing . 
  i mean the unit test itself does a full compilation . 
  the effort to add an unit test could not possibly be wasted so it makes sense to do it first just in case the error becomes obvious . 
  great job i would never think of scripting the binary search for the bug , 
  it is not obvious . 
  in fact it is the opposite of obvious . 
  if it is disposable it should be disposed otherwise they are violating the contract . 
  now what is obvious is that several request one after another should be made with the same client but having 1 client for the lifetime of the application is absurd expectation . 
  i do n't expect them to hang there for 4 minutes . 
  i ca n't understand if there will be an api that does not use image data . 
  i mean i am interested in ai that plays sc rather than image recognition ai . 
  will there be an option to skip the image recognition part ? 
  so it is different from the brood war api which used game state information ? 
  they are gon na make it adjustable , 
  yeah , this part is unclear . 
  are there two interfaces or just the image one . 
  it would be sad if only image data is available because hobbyists will be shut down from using it to build ai that just plays sc . 
  you have to be a scientist and deal with image recognition . 
  the article mentions something similar to the bw api . 
  what i am wondering is if there are two separate apis, 
  i understand that but with bw api you could build an ai just for playing sc . 
  they seem to shut down this option for sc2, 
  oh please , we already have enough units . 
  it is not like sc1 was great because they were constantly adding units . 
   the sky is the limit for him, 
  the sky is dark, 
  i am not out to crucify neeb but it seems like he lost every game in this match due to nerves . 
  he was not reacting to scouted things ( like the roach warren the first game ) , he let the first adept die instead of stopping it between the minerals . 
  i am pretty sure in an environment with less pressure he would not make these mistakes . 
  this is why i am sad for him , because he actually plays better than this . 
  is n't black friday soon ? 
  i 'd wait for that . 
  otherwise - sure it is worth it . 
  i read the report . 
  i wonder why they were considering it to begin with . 
  it should be obvious for everyone that there are enough units . 
  how is your first point one thing . 
  two completely different things . 
  equality overloading is too complicated, 
  legacy . net 1.1 collections stuff ( mainly ienumerable without generics and a reset method ), 
  attribute property initializer syntax differs from object initializers ( the better syntax ), 
  lack of pattern matching ( being fixed ), 
  lack of immutability support ( being fixed with the records proposal ), 
  uhm ... no . 
  only reddit wants to have skins because people here somehow imagine that giving more money to blizzard will make the game as popular as dota . 
  i do n't mind giving money to blizzard ( i lost count of how many copies of sc2 i bought as a gift to friends but probably like 10 ) but skins are just annoying for me . 
  the vocal minority that does want skins does not speak for the majority of players either . 
  how is that i want skins if i do not activate the one i own and would deactivate the opponent skins if i had an option to ? 
  the article is from today ( or yesterday depending on time zone ), 
  i am willing to bet very real money on the real players for the next two years , probably more . 
  the statement still holds true - you are missing out . 
  you know you can use react with typescript right ? 
  they specifically say that the ai will be limited to human amount of actions per minute . 
  also i am not sure about unlimited apm either . 
  it does not require more strategy and the ai will win in dota due to pure coordination superiority that the human team can not achieve . 
  hmm can you give an example of a value class in a language ? 
  i was thinking of value types in c # that are coming in java in the future hopefully . 
  yes it is simple , you can just send integers and have assigned meaning to them just like humans know how a short word means something much longer to explain in detail because they have trained together and established common knowledge . 
  however the ai can react much faster and can remember many more preset phrases . 
  let alone that humans are allowed to talk to each other . 
  as for the superhuman speed of computers in sc - if you had read the article you would know that they intend to limit the ai to human apm . 
  however even if they did n't they would still have trouble beating a human . 
  of course it will be much harder to beat a human with limited apm but still ... 
  the hard part of dota is teamplay and synchronization which is an important and interesting skill to develop but is not strategy . 
  meaningful interactions in sc are much deeper ( if you think of decision trees ) and the limited information in sc plays much greater role than in dota, 
  it will not be able to give a command on every tick as this is much faster than human speed . 
  also what you describe happens ( for practical purposes ) with top level human players , 
  i see . 
  still do n't see why you consider it the same as properties . 
  properties are not intended to save typing . 
  they are intended to improve readability and convey intent . 
  in practice it is infinite in theory it is like chess . 
  i mean there are finite amount of positions . 
  if you include team coordination in `` strategy '' then dota may in fact be harder but then as i pointed out coordination for ais is super easy and there is no easy way to limit it to human level like there is with apm . 
  even if you require voice communication the voice recognition will be near perfect if the voice is synthesized and machine learning is used and still the sheer amount of memory computers have can just assign much deeper meanings to shorter terms compared to humans . 
  as for the planning part sc2 is more complex due to the lack of perfect information . 
  in dota you do n't have that much hidden information . 
  it is relatively easy to deduce the opponent strategy after you see the heroes they choose and from the short encounters with them on the map . 
  in sc you rarely get to see even half of what the opponent has in any given moment and there are much more branches they could take . 
  also cheesing will be a big problem for the ai .
