  ms may manage to stay in this by pouring money in the platform long enough for strategic reasons but their marketing department is just so sad . 
  in my opinion they are both going to fail anyway because there is just no place in the market for them . 
  and at least ubuntu has some target ( what they call superphones ) . 
  firefox os does not provide anything to consumers . 
  i do n't see how these will be enough but we 'll wait and see . 
  i see . 
  well it does n't look like firefox os can solve ios problems so ... 
  yes but to do that firefox os will need actual users, 
  i think with time samsung will completely dominate even the low-end market . 
  also i believe they have the power to fork android amazon style and make the actual os irrelevant by tying it to their services . 
  the ui change for the sake of ui change is not as stupid as it sounds . 
  phones these days are kind of accessories . 
  some people may want a different ui a kind of fashion statement . 
  in fact if you check the wp related forums you can see that many users declare that they switched because they were bored by `` grid of icons '' . 
  they may not be better with metro ui but they like to declare that they are different , 
  ms are certainly taking mobile seriously but their marketing is just so bad . 
  for example after several years they still ca n't get people in it ( let alone normal people ) to call their os wp instead of windows mobile . 
  ok but how will they do that without users ? 
  ios brought touch optimized ui to the consumers . 
  i do n't see what firefox os brings to the end user . 
  even this blogpost would n't say . 
  so you say that firefox os is just a proof of concept ? 
  currently samsung has no interest in forking android because google are not putting any pressure on them . 
  i am just pointing out that they have the ability to do so if they decide to and become the apple-style vendor . 
  ms recognizes the importance of marketing and spends a lot of money on marketing ... just in a very stupid way . 
  i am not sure . 
  i am constantly asking what firefox os brings to end users so they will use it . 
  firefox beat ie by providing features ( mainly tabs ) , not by following standards , providing apis , etc. 
  you need to bring something to the end user if you want to compete . 
  i thought the article would suggest to write a book and print `` do n't panic ! '', 
  on the cover with warm red letters . 
  remarkably stupid and complex unit . 
  i really hate it when they pull out rules out of their asses . 
  this makes the game hard to learn ( remember easy to learn hard to master ) . 
  well at least they removed the stupid void ray charge mechanic . 
  also i am not sorry that you post it everywhere . 
  you should post it even more . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  these kinds of arbitrary rules should be reduces not increased and it seems like blizzard are just inventing rules when they need balance mechanic . 
  snipe bonus vs psionic , oracle has bonus vs air massive but not vs ground massive . 
  battlecruiser shoots with one weapon for ground and another for air despite the fact that visually they are the same . 
  fuck arbitrary rules !, 
  think of another way to balance shit . 
  you are missing the point . 
  the unit is hard to explain to new people . 
  we 're not discussing balance here . 
  and yes i do prefer a game that is easy to learn and hard to master to a game that is balanced but i really do n't feel like i should choose . 
  it is valuable at some point and with other units things are pretty much obvious . 
  marines can be healed tanks can not be healed - all is fine . 
  i do n't even need someone to tell me that . 
  this non-stop inventing of arbitrary rules just to balance something is killing e-sports i 'm telling ya !, 
  it 's not about lore explaination . 
  that 's easy . 
  this is about player 's expectations . 
  players should n't be surprised by how units work or at least this should be reduced as much as possible . 
  i have played an insane amount of starcraft and even tested the new units and the other day some guy drops hellbats with medivac and i am shocked that the medivac heals them . 
  i did not even think that this was possible so i never checked neither online , nor the unit 's attributes . 
  i am really sad that i needed to learn something like this . 
  for me it is a clear sign of bad game design . 
  i 've never played lol and i 've never played world of tanks but i actually enjoyed watching world of tanks when i caught it in a gaming show . 
  the reason was precisely that i was able to understand on a very basic level what the players were doing . 
  this is how games should be designed and overall starcraft is moving in the other direction . 
  starcraft i had very few exceptions of this kind . 
  basically creep colonies gained more live when they turned into sunken colonies and spider mines did not work on archons and workers . 
  i can not recall any other absurd exceptions and arbitrary rules in sc1 . 
  imagine that you have many empty magic boxes where you can put a ball and after a certain amount of time the ball disappears . 
  if you have more boxes it is obvious that you increase your ability to put more balls per unit of time . 
  however if you put the ball at a random ball then your ability to destroy balls is not increased lineary with the number of boxes because the more the boxes the smaller the chance that you will hit a free box . 
  boxes are heroku instances ( called dynos ) and the balls are web requests . 
  this is also known as birthday paradox - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/birthday_paradox, 
  i thought we already agreed that the acronym is jacsht ( http://geekswithblogs.net/davidhoerster/archive/2011/08/10/html--css--javascript-ndash-we-need-an-acronym.aspx ), 
  this kind of explains why nothing works but nobody cares and breaks even more things in the next version . 
  i 'm looking at you nhibernate linq provider !, 
  yeah but ayende also declared the linq provider very hard to write and therefore broken so i guess he is ok with blaming anders ( hallowed be his name ) for the fact that the nhibernate provider does not work , 
  i last used it an year ago but if i recall correctly the count method that takes a lambda broke in some way if it was part of more complex expression . 
  we were trying to do something like select post objects and also get the count of visible comments for each post and the count method broke . 
  of course there were many other issues but i remember this one because i thought it was pretty simple and tested it in ef and linq to sql and it worked . 
  for me it is not subjective at all . 
  i see the linq provider as the single most important feature of a . net orm solution . 
  everything else is just nice to have . 
  code first is a terrible name for fluent mappings in ef . 
  it actually supports mapping existing database . 
  it was pretty much what i said . 
  we were building a kind of social network for internal use in the enterprise and we needed to retrieve a bunch of posts with their respective comment counts . 
  something like, 
  from p in posts, 
  where p.something = = bla, 
  order by p.date, 
  select new { post = p , commentscount = p.comments.count ( c =  ! c.isdeleted ) }, 
  we also had similar problems with other aggregates like any . 
  we also had other kinds of problems with linq queries that i have forgotten . 
  the part about team games can easily be serious . 
  i promise that one of these days i am going to find the time to complete my wp app and then these guys are going to get my money for the ios port . 
  it has nothing to do with long-distance mining . 
  workers would be able to path just fine on long distances . 
  however it would have been counterproductive to put another special case over the special case for almost no benefit . 
  it is not so simple . 
  excluding the fact that sometimes this situation happens with zealots there is still the issue with workers being too strong and used in rushes . 
  for example in starcraft 2 scvs were nerfed because they were too effective as a fighting unit in marine + scv rushes, 
  to be honest blizzard acted like complete morons on this issue .
