  what is more they claim that sc was always like this . 
  it was not . 
  i clearly remember the sc of 98-2002 which was most definitely not like that !, 
  i seriously do n't know if i can beat the campaign on brutal without the respawning dts, 
  i 'd agree with the sentiment for hots but i think lotv has just the right amount of hero levels . 
  your fault for not beating him in the first round . 
  i am obviously joking and by `` your '' i meant `` of all other participants '' not the op in particular . 
  no , this is not . 
  this is a glitch in how the engine works . 
  what makes rts rts are things like siege tanks , drops , flanks , timings , etc. 
  things that are tactical decisions , you need to do them fast and they are hard and do require practice despite not involving muscle memory . 
  everything but kerrigan is weak liberal vote  zeratul is acceptable too . 
  just like in the old days !, 
  all you young people not being used to mashing buttons in the arcade ... 
  doubt many people will handle it on the spot . 
  maybe after you lose one game, 
  not the sc arcade the one with big boxes with screens and fight sticks , 
  supply block will hurt you a lot . 
  you probably can defend but he will expand before you . 
  queen of blades from brood war, 
  no thanks . 
  i prefer them spending money on the uwp , c # , entity framework , signalr , etc. 
  rather than invest in porting to linux since i have 0 interest in deploying on linux . 
  in fact i think they invested too much . 
  maybe they took the average of our opinions ? 
  where does it say it is production ready ? 
  moving and attacking in short duration is a glitch yes . 
  muta stacking too . 
  hmm strange . 
  having a beta/rc tag screams not ready for production to me . 
  i mean this is why we call things beta and rc because they are not ready for production . 
  i thought they just meant a go-life license . 
  evidently by your own impression ms are not begging you that much . 
  we must assume that the investment is proportional to what they believe is key to their prosperity . 
  seems like they do n't want to lose me either because i do make them some money so they split their investment accordingly . 
  i find it really ironic that people who defend open source and hate on microsoft are the ones that declare that the community effort ( mono ) can never be good and without microsoft support nothing can work , 
  not very different . 
  in fact i think it is precisely the same - roslyn . 
  i read zeppelins are back . 
  kind of . 
  primary for scientific research in non-trivial areas like tropical forests . 
  they go there and hover over the forest because they do n't want to disturb the ecosystem by entering the forest on land . 
  if we find uses for a craft that stays at one place in the air zeppelin tech is good enough these days . 
  ctrl + f - `` generics '' -  no result -  close tab, 
  went full anarchist , 
  the ship is big but solarite is hard to come by and store . 
  please blizzard no more skins ( unless there is an option to turn them off ) , thank you !, 
  no , they gave it short turn speed to make them more responsive . 
  if they wanted marines to be able to shoot while moving at half speed they would have made a skill where they start moving at half speed while shooting . 
  in any case it is just plain stupid even if it is embraced by the devs and the core community . 
  you just have to click like mad to make the units do something that requires only one decision . 
  while we are at it why not make them attack but only after you give the command 5 times ? 
  i already said why , they wanted certain units to be more responsive . 
  but i really do n't care if it was intended . 
  they obviously keep it on purpose even if they did n't introduce it on purpose so they think it is good . 
  my point is that it is boring and mindless and if there was a starcraft ( or a comparable competitive rts ) that did n't have it and had competitive scene i would leave sc in an instance . 
  from all the times i have used stutter stepping i ca n't remember making a decision to stop and then to move . 
  if i had a `` move at half speed while shooting '' button i would press it instead of clicking and the opponent can go on `` deciding '' 3 times per second to move and stop if he finds this decision so important . 
  if i had an option to put everything on autocast i certainly would n't . 
  in fact i do advocate that every skill has an autocast so that we do n't have to deal with clicks where the decisions are trivial ate best but i would never put psi storm on autocast . 
  it is debatable what the reason for the lack of rtss like that is . 
  for me coh is superior than sc and this is one of the reasons but the company behind it simply refuses to focus on e-sports ( so i stopped buying their products ) . 
  in fact even warcraft iii had much less of this type of boring mechanics . 
  i ca n't remember people kiting with their archers and practically every skill that i 'd put on auto cast did have an auto cast . 
  i do . 
  listen to me or the game dies since you chase away all players who want to play a strategy game and not mechanical clickfest . 
  in case it is not obvious i do not mind micro , surrounding is fine , kiting is also fine as long as you are using the superior speed like say kiting with hellions or even better a cyclone . 
  what i am against is forcing me to do a lot of clicks to give effectively one command . 
  surrounding in warcraft iii was fun and an actual interaction with the enemy , not just convincing your units to behave in a certain way via insane amount of clicks . 
  probably was n't that important then since i was able to win without using it and in sc you have to do it if you go marines . 
  i do n't see why you assumed i do n't like nuanced tactical decisions . 
  yes the core community made the game mechanical but it did so by pushing blizzard in that direction . 
  for example larva inject was introduced specifically for that purpose to avoid `` noobifying '' the game ( i swear this was the exact word the community used back then ) . 
  then we removed all the interesting maps in the name of `` nice macro game '' and finally we started crying that it is a daed gaem after making sure to make it more boring than it has to be . 
  oh i forgot making fun of people who play team games and declaring that it is not possible to have a competitive team game in the rts genre despite having like one 2 vs 2 tournament per year that all the viewers liked a lot despite cheap production and it being an online tournament with barely any money on the line . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  there are battles that ca n't be won without stutter stepping and are surely won with stutter stepping . 
  of course it is not a guarantee to win but without it you are practically guaranteed to lose ( assuming you play terran bio of course ) on any level higher than platinum . 
  of course `` nobody '' actually liked them since everyone who liked them has long been chased from reddit if not starcraft by the great anti-noob inquisition . 
  except me of course . 
  i do n't see anything there is anything surprising here . 
  he certainly can be masters in 2 weeks considering his experience . 
  my guess is that much lesser players ( say people who were high masters in wol ) can return to masters in 2 weeks solid practice . 
  and why is it strange that he has fun with the campaign ? 
  what do you think that poker stars only have fun with hookers on yachts ? 
  was this manifestation of the famous french surrendering ? 
  starcraft was certainly not like this when it became the biggest rts in the world . 
  now technically it was like that but nobody played it this way back then . 
  there was no muta stacking , no `` nice macro games '' , no vulture patrol tricks . 
  hell , the ladder was on fucking `` fast '' ( 2 levels below `` fastest '' ) . 
  also i think sc is the biggest rts because nobody else is even trying . 
  coh is definitely better but relic simply refuse to go for e-sports . 
  they disallowed mirror matchups because it is not realistic ... 
  ideally there would not be a mechanical aspect . 
  rts games have a mechanical aspect because nobody knows how to avoid it but sc is unique in that the core community ( and blizzard by listening to the core community ) tries to promote the mechanical aspect rather than reduce its importance and this is how we got larva inject . 
  they are using balloons for some of these no need for something as large as a zeppelin . 
  i did play coh for a while but i want to be part of an e-sport scene which relic actively blocks . 
  sc was not like this when it was released and there were many instances where blizzard changed the game . 
  with sc there were even more . 
  you say i am trying to force my way on everyone else but in fact it was the core community that forced blizzard to put macro mechanics in the game and make the maps large and boring and basically forced everyone in their minority mechanical view of starcraft .
