  however the actual phding is probably quite boring and smartless . 
  it is the fact that you got that deep in the field of math that means you are smart . 
  it was meant to be `` most current ways '' :( is there a way to edit the title ? 
  obviously they are just ignoring the deadline . 
  just like blizzard valve operate in their own version of time . 
  this time it comes with actual js api changes  i find it extremely funny how the standard defined that the navigator.product should be `` gecko '', 
  they will not because the enterprise apps designed to work only in ie should work in compatibility mode . 
  of course you may point out that they will break enterprise apps that are not used in compatibility mode but then these apps should have been broken by ie9 and ie10 by now . 
  yeah , i believe valve work with half-deadlines . 
  this is like the half-life of a chemical element for deadlines . 
  after you reach the deadline half of the project is done  then you need to set one more deadline to do half of the half that is left , 
  ie6 is actually supported . 
  it ships as a part of xp so its support lifecycle is the same as that of the windows release . 
  did n't know sp3 demands ie7, 
  turns out it is not supported . 
  see theanimus ' comment, 
  they want to discourage browser sniffing . 
  effectively they are deprecating this property . 
  i guess it is time someone tries this owin thing . 
  iis has really heavy pipeline . 
  i 'd rather blame the web server pipeline and the test code itself . 
  i do n't think linux , mono or mysql drivers can be blamed for 100 times less performance in json serialization . 
  then you go for web sockets and ping the other person . 
  good thing they prevented your broken architecture from working then . 
  it can continue to ignore it . 
  ie is not undetectable now . 
  i am advocating persistent connection for chat application . 
  you treat metro browsers same as dropped connections . 
  simple as that . 
  you may give the client some time to reconnect before showing it as offline but there is no difference between disconnected client and metro app in this sense . 
  i think search engines depend a lot on the amount of people using them . 
  they promote links that users click on higher for the specific search terms . 
  this is why the author gets ms tech results for various queries - ms developers are the ones using bing and they have trained it to be biased towards ms tech . 
  sadly this is a chicken and egg problem . 
  bing can not improve without users and without improvement it wo n't get users . 
  i do n't think the algorithms are that important at this point . 
  so how do you think metro apps handle this . 
  things like skype . 
  do the same . 
  what is the difference between skype and a web app in this context ? 
  behavior detection ? 
  i have hard time imagining real world case where feature and behavior detection wo n't be sufficient . 
  it seems like performance issues would not benefit from disabling a single feature . 
  one of the things i like about sc is how demotivating it can be . 
  the game is hard on you like any competitive game should be . 
  it does not hide when you are bad . 
  it emphasizes it . 
  in fact i think the only game more hardcore than sc is quake . 
  quake outright insults you ( even literally ) if you are even slightly worse than your opponent . 
  pirates of silicon valley is better , 
  i do n't see where i 've used the acronym `` apm '' or how it relates to anything in my comment . 
  yeah because when i play strategy game what i really want is to develop mechanical skill and compete on mechanical skill in tournaments . 
  that 's just great . 
  it is so sad that the greatest strategy game is also mechanically demanding . 
  i wish everyone who plays/watches starcraft for the mechanical skill played football or something ... 
  i am more worried about the time of the matches rather than the ping . 
  i feel like there will be a lot of scheduling conflicts for eu players . 
  you are correct . 
  i do n't see much difference either . 
  and i hate the rules you describe with passion . 
  i hate the stupid , boring map pool where all the maps are the same . 
  i hate that people insist on watching the same `` nice macro games '' that showcase `` skill '' . 
  i wish the beta map pool would return . 
  the game was so much more interesting and creative . 
  so what is the problem with penalizing players who only play one race ? 
  they get double the practice for the same amount of time and have learned 1/2 of the strategies . 
  it is not like race switchers are dominating and need to be stopped . 
  it is actually harder to play multiple races . 
  best comment in the thread , 
  if there was something with the proleague/gsl players and level of production that used a format that rewarded creativeness over preparedness i would watch it instead . 
  fuck the preparation . 
  they should think on the fly if the other player destroys their preparation by preparing to play more than one race . 
  it is quite a preparation to learn a second race . 
  yeah and we should make sure that race switching is not part of being a progamer by banning it , 
  i can easily claim to know better than the korean leagues what is fun for me . 
  however here the question is not about what is better . 
  it is obvious that the korean leagues are doing the best to promote preparation ( 1 match per day , etc. ), 
  but the real question is if we should value preparation above everything else . 
  i say no . 
  this is important because i am the customer . 
  of course i am not the only customer and potentially many people agree with the korean leagues but if a league emerges where creativity , diverse skillset ( playing multiple races or team games in addition to 1 vs 1 ) and strategy are promoted over preparation and mechanical `` skill '' i would gladly spend my time and money on it instead of the gsl ( and i 've spent a good amount of time and money on it since the start ) . 
  the problem is there is no serious league which promotes these values . 
  everyone tries to copy the korean leagues . 
  those who do n't are small leagues and do not have the prize pool to attract high level players and have quality production so i am stuck with the gsl and the promotion of mediocrity if i want to watch quality sc content at all . 
  dear blizzard ,, 
  i fully support this request and while you are at it please release a battle.net api that allows developers to query different statistics about a specific player and players as a whole . 
  if you want to make us really happy you may even release an api for chat so we can build mobile apps that allow people to be online and chat with their battle.net friends from their mobile phones . 
  this !, 
  however reference implementation may be enough in this case . 
  especially since they say the hellbat drop is only a problem in tvt . 
  banshee will not offset the nerf of hellbats against zerg . 
  it 's not like you can go banshee against zerg with no evo required for spores . 
  but cloak is outright useless for holding roach/bane all-ins . 
  my favorite mobile game ( armed - armedgame.com ) actually did that . 
  too bad it does n't have any form of chat yet or i would be cheating just to see how the cheater morons accuse the other party of cheating . 
  i 've been accused of lag hack ( not drop bug lag ) before . 
  it made 0 sense . 
  drop hack is one thing but lag ... 
  just curious what is the `` starcraft : / / '' protocol supposed to do ? 
  is there addon or something for browsers to recognize it ?
