  it is obvious to me that they are clarifying the things from the mp panel . 
  one of the most important question was how big that combined gm/masters was going to be and they are suggesting that it should be 4 % ( the original blogpost mentioned 10 % ), 
  wait !, 
  coop is not fastest ? 
  sadly the reaction against the stupid naming idea swallows the discussion about percentages which is more important . 
  masters was supposed to be 2 % but they failed miserably so it became 2 % just recently . 
  i can turn the argument around - `` masters was always 5 % why did they have to change the percentages ? '' . 
  the best argument for 4-5 % masters is that we want the career summary to be consistent . 
  if you have achieved masters 10 times and another person has achieved masters 10 times we want these to mean the same thing no matter what period this happened . 
  how is this a spoiler ? 
  well i call this a `` wtf ?! '', 
  when i introduce new players to starcraft i tell them to play the campaign on normal but make sure to play it on fastest . 
  blizzard actively working to undermine my educational efforts :(, 
  i am so split on this . 
  most of the talks i have seen with live coding do suck but then the greatest ones also have a bit of live coding . 
  it seems that it is just hard to do properly . 
  i agree but that battle seems to be lost . 
  best we can hope is larger masters so more people can see actual rank . 
  also the bestest . 
  more original missions and the story makes more sense . 
  i strongly disagree with most of the statements here . 
  i think the writing was as poor as hots but kerrigan is a better character . 
  wol is the best of the 3 campaigns both in terms of story , atmosphere and actual gameplay . 
  the only things that made a good impression as being deeper than usual was the discussion on how history should be viewed and to a lesser degree the discussions about the society of the tal darim . 
  otherwise the campaign did not live up to wol quality and the actual mission design was the worst part forcing me to destroy some points on the map in like half the missions . 
  btw can somebody explain the scene after the end of the campaign when kerrigan enters the bar . 
  is this just jim 's vision , is this something like a message from kerrigan or is this she acting upon what she declared to amon that she does not care about the xel ` naga cycle and she would choose freedom so she eventually uses the power she has to become human again ? 
  while we are at it what is the date the ladder season ends 5th of january or 1st of may ? 
  as every software should behave unless it has its own settings and even then the default should come from the settings on the computer . 
  yes i was genuinely interested but also wanted to say that i was confused by this . 
  for now ... 
  microsoft is an us company but windows does allow me to set my date and time format and even invent my own . 
  oh ... now these characters shooting lightenings against each other in an attempt to overpower the enemy make sense . 
  they removed it because it is no longer possible to get it . 
  i do n't see why . 
  i mean it is still there to show off . 
  so by how much did this group increase ? 
  there is nothing wrong with cheese . 
  in fact it is more fun and results in more interesting games than non-cheese . 
  so why did you claim you lost games in bronze ? 
  if you played at the end of hots when everyone learned the builds it is expected, 
  i actually think that at the end when raynor sees her that 's a manifestation of doing what she likes in this case relinquish the power and becoming a human again - choosing freedom instead of the infinite cycle as she promised . 
  as far as i understand she is a true xel ` naga because xel ` naga are not a specific species . 
  the new one replace the old . 
  kerrigan is the new species to replace the old xel ` naga . 
  but would that be freedom ? 
  i mean with great power comes great responsibility and all that . 
  in addition i am not even sure she was real ( i choose to believe she was and i bet they left it uncertain on purpose ), 
  i tried to talk about these in the original thread . 
  adun knows i tried !, 
  masters should be 4-5 % since this is what masters was for the longest time historically . 
  this is important because we have career summary and counter for how much time a certain league was achieved . 
  ideally we want these to mean the same thing over time . 
  i realize that some people who got masters after the cut will have their achievement devalued but chances are they were masters before the cut to 2 % so their achievements will be presented in the number of times achieved which will be more than other people who did not make it at the time . 
  full disclosure : i dropped out of masters after the severe cut to strict 2 % after 15 seasons ( each season ) in masters before . 
  i can say it was very demotivating and i stopped playing for almost half an year after trying to make it in and failing despite playing at my absolute best ever . 
  i think i am over this now and i am trying to get back in the current masters . 
  not gon na lie i want that badge again but i think my argument is sound anyway . 
  if we need more elite league one should be introduced from the top not making current ones harder . 
  go bitch to the winners to donate to charity . 
  so if you make it to masters how would you feel the sense of progression . 
  i mean what if this is the actual skill you can reach with the time you invest ? 
  so the new proposed system of having diamond 1 , diamond 2 , diamond 3 , etc. 
  and actual , visible total rank in ( larger ) masters should be good enough for you, 
  i do understand his frustration being a dad in diamond myself but i do n't quite understand what he suggests to fix the issue . 
  one season ? 
  it was more like 3 years . 
  it got to 8 % one season . 
  ok to be honest most of the time it hovered between 4 and 5, 
  currently it is just the campaign . 
  lotv alone gives you full access to multiplayer . 
  with hots you did need wol but lotv is stand-alone . 
  in practice you need lotv for multiplayer since practically no one will play the old ones in a month . 
  and by `` some time '' you mean ~ 4 years ago . 
  is n't the archon mode mmr different per team ? 
  it sure is for 2 vs 2 . 
  well what you say is not true for 2 vs 2 , 3 vs 3 , etc. 
  official blogposts -, 
  typical bullshit / . 
  you can modify code that runs on your own machine . 
  so surprising !, 
  none of this has anything to do with security . 
  so you are saying that there are people who think downloading executables from random websites is fine as long as they are . net ? 
  the problem is that some of the mechanics required are totally strategy-free and the communist supports them just so the game is `` harder '' the most obvious example is zerg 's larva inject which really has nothing to do with strategy . 
  yes apm will always be important in rts games because it is a manifestation of who can make decisions faster but sometimes game designers just turn it into mindless clicking and that 's sad . 
  i have watched many people try to play sc and failing on the apm side . 
  interestingly very few of them are blocked by dexterity and hand speed . 
  i was watching my girlfriend fighting the lotv campaign today and she fails like most people - she ca n't strategically spend the resource that is her attention . 
  she sends her large army to fight another army and then spends 5 seconds literally doing nothing watching the battle . 
  there is no way her 20 dragoons will lose to these 2 tempest and she knows it but she keeps watching like she is under some spell . 
  this is where her apm went . 
  i have failed like this in a tournament ( of course in much more complex situation and losing less apm but in more demanding environment ) . 
  for me i found that i should keep a mental queue of things to do but sometimes my brain ca n't make the decisions fast enough and my hands catch up and they have nothing to do . 
  this is the good side of apm . 
  if course there is the dark side that is just mindless clucking but there is far less of it than slow players tend to believe . 
  i do agree that strategy is still the most important thing in starcraft otherwise i would n't still play it competitively 17 years later . 
  however i definitely feel things like larva inject , marine stutter stepping and even splitting against banelings reduce the importance of strategy in the game in favor of mechanics and in my opinion this is not a good thing . 
  i realize that the core community disagrees with me . 
  this !, 
  the core elitist community in starcraft is very annoying and damaging for the popularity of the game .
