  i only know that they collect it . 
  i also know that they collect ( i.e. 
  wiretype ) a lot of actual data . 
  parting is not half as fun as mc . 
  this is why marine splits should not be in the game at all . 
  it is extremely brainless skill that is better done by an ai than a human . 
  just to let you know this algorithm is much easier to develop than say algorithm to do effective drops or an algorithm for roach vs roach fights . 
  no offense to the developer still requires a good amount of coding skill . 
  first of all the ais for chess are incredibly complex . 
  it took many years to develop one that can beat humans . 
  second - the chess ais are not that much better . 
  this ai is far better than the best human at splitting marines than the best chess ai is better than the best human . 
  a thing is brainless because it is brainless it is just demonstrated very well with this ai . 
  even the title of the thread points out that `` all you need is 30k apm '', 
  computers are not really good at math . 
  they are good at adding numbers and stuff and solving the same type of math problem perfectly every time ( while a human might make an error ) . 
  they are very bad at coming with a solution . 
  as for chess see my response here - https://www.reddit.com/r/starcraft/comments/3aa50z/its_ok_to_take_a_fight_on_creep_against_speed/csay6du, 
  well i simply do n't want a game design that promotes this type of actions . 
  sc1 did n't have anything like marine splits and even if you can find similarities nothing was so important as marine splits in sc2 . 
  but to answer your question how to remove splits in the style you asked it - add an ability called split that does what this ai does with a single command by the human . 
  problem solved . 
  i also do n't enjoy soccer and find the skill involved in being good at it incredibly boring and stupid and have no interest in developing or watching people excel at these skills . 
  i know that it is hard but i know many other things that are hard and boring like weightlifting . 
  go ahead call my comment stupid but `` stupid '' has a very concrete meaning of not involving brain activity which is exactly what marine splitting is . 
  ( and yes i know that muscle memory is controlled by the brain too but this is not what people mean when they talk about thinking ), 
  yeah , if you do n't care that calculating a move may not finish until the heat death of the universe then it is a trivial minmax . 
  but let me remind you that chess is played with a time limit so technically your ai does not beat a grandmaster every time . 
  that heuristic function that evaluates positions in real chess programs is quite serious coding . 
  if you do n't have good heuristic function even super computer wo n't do it . 
  that 's how algorithmic complexity works , 
  i see that you have answered your own question . 
  it is all about context . 
  i rate sc2 activities by the ratio of decisions vs clicks required to execute the decision . 
  the bigger the ration the better ( ideally 1 ) . 
  marine splitting and marine stutter stepping have the lowest ratio from all sc skills and even more annoyingly are quite important . 
  building units has relatively ok ratio in sc2 . 
  it had terrible ratio in sc1 without multi building selection and was by far the most stupid part of the game . 
  burrowing lurkers in swarm is quite ok because it is really easy for a human . 
  it is all about if you want to burrow them there not the actual clicking . 
  with marine vs banelings everyone knows they want to split they just ca n't execute it . 
  well `` decide to select a barracks '' is not really a decision it is a requirement of the interface . 
  when splitting marines and especially when stutter stepping there is just one decision involved but it requires many clicks . 
  turn based games do rate high in this regard but i also like the tradeoff in rts games where you it can be beneficial to execute inferior decision faster than take the time to think of the perfect one . 
  rps is a flawed example and you know it . 
  after all in rps all decisions are equally `` correct '' so they are not really decisions . 
  my point is that i want sc to be more like chess and less like football . 
  marine micro makes it more like football . 
  i agree at least for the first two ( btw is n't worker splitting essentially out these days ? ) . 
  i am undecided on blink stalkers . 
  while i hate blink stalkers in battles where each one is blinked individually i quite like the mind games and tactics involved in blink stalkers attacks . 
  i would n't call myself a bw fanboi but i do n't think that 's an insult  my philosophy about the game is simple and constant since warcraft 2 . 
  i love the mind games , strategy and tactics and i love that you have to make the decisions fast . 
  i dislike the mechanical part of the game that forces me to develop muscle memory . 
  i do n't find this part useful or entertaining . 
  now i acknowledge that some of it is unavoidable in any real time game but in sc it is promoted . 
  now you can say that sc is not the game for me if i feel like that about mechanical skill but truth is this aspect came later . 
  probably around the time of the replays . 
  before that it was all about the strategy and tactics . 
  it took a couple of years more for people to start claiming that the point of sc was this mechanical skill . 
  basically i am sad that this aspect of the game is being promoted in the game design at the demand of the community . 
  well i might be forced to switch . 
  sc is constantly evolved further and further from the game i loved . 
  worst thing is this happens because the community demands it :(, 
  i seriously doubt these heuristics will be enough to beat anyone who ever competed in a tournament ( not gm not even master , just anyone who ever took chess seriously ) . 
  on the other hand you may be right about 99 % of the people . 
  still i challenge `` trivial '' . 
  let me remind you that in the context of this thread we have an ai that is much much easier to build than your proposed chess ai and can easily beat the best human players in the world at the task at hand . 
  while i do n't have any proof i think you are overestimating the results that your approach will yield . 
  of course i may be underestimating it . 
  i have read somewhere a discussion on how top humans may do against the best chess ai and knowledgeable people seemed to think that top humans can take like 1/3 score if they prepare specifically for the ai . 
  problem is nobody prepares for the ai because human chess is where the money is . 
  can we at least agree that what you suggest is orders of magnitudes harder than the ai in this video ? 
  i guess he assumes top software running on his phone hardware . 
  also as i pointed out if he trained specifically to play against an ai he would do better than if he uses his usual knowledge . 
  is n't anyone worried that it makes mass drops even more useless late game ? 
  i do n't see how the fact that socialism can be democratic ( in fact current democracies tend to lean left because everyone can vote as opposed to only people who pay taxes/own land can vote ) goes against / u/kokanseis point . 
  even if the majority chooses socialism democratically they still force the rest to participate in their social system via the barrel of a government gun . 
  i mean capitalism gives them the option to create a socialist company and redistribute the wealth as they see fit between the members/employees of the socialist company but they do not do that . 
  they want to force everyone to participate . 
  i understand how democracy works . 
  what i am saying is that capitalism is freedom while socialism is forcing people to do what the majority ( or the powers that be in non-democratic socialism ) wants . 
  as i said a communist in a capitalist country is free to build his commune and establish communist rule there and live with other communists . 
  a capitalist in socialist world must obey the socialist laws , pay taxes for people he does not wish to associate with , negotiate with unions , etc. 
  well in purely capitalist country there will be no taxes . 
   2v2 in sc2 is a failure and is n't balanced, 
  that 's bullshit self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  let alone that it does n't even matter if it is balanced . 
  do you think all champs in lol are balanced ? 
  this is precisely the attitude that drags sc2 down . 
  bashing team games , not letting team games into the competitive scene is what drives people towards games where they can play with friends and still be competitive . 
  why do you need that ? 
  if you are gon na lock it into a single matchup why not let the players choose the races they feel are the strongest ( imbalanced ) . 
  you will see that someone will not agree and will choose another combo that they feel is stronger than the accepted strongest combo . 
  but 2 vs 2 was quite popular in bw, 
  and by `` focused '' we mean - blizzard actively promoting and subsidizing 1 vs 1 competition while they do n't even enable gm league for 2 vs 2 . 
  basically blizzard and the community are stomping team games on purpose . 
  welcome to what us older players found out in 99 or whenever team melee was introduced ( i think it shipped with brood war but i may be wrong on this ) . 
  i am with you mate and i do n't even consider myself a casual player ( i go to tournaments although i get beaten pretty bad in most of them ), 
  node has the advantage of using the only language that works on every platform and the only language that works in the browser .
