`` a man with many [ cheeses ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vu__ghqthe ) . '', 
  ca n't decide if i should laugh or cry and did a bit of both . 
  have you ever met a real farmer ? 
  the word `` stubborn '' was invented to describe them . 
  he had the chance to kick goggle and for him it is worth 20 mio . 
  i would n't do it , but i can see him sitting on his patio grinning . 
  ( source : my grandpa was a farmer in germany ), 
  i ca n't upvote this enough . 
   he police has been called to see if the use of firearm by the policeman was justified which is absolutely what should be done . 
  and what will they find out ? 
  it was self defense , justified and everything is fine . 
  this is how a state under the rule of law works and should work . 
  you are not allowed to do this to me !!, 
  traveling by luftmatratze is a [ shitty ] ( https://onebox24.de/luftmatratze-emoji-poop-emoticon-aufblasbare-kacke-kackhaufen?curr=eur ) idea !, 
  nope , everything started last thursday !, 
  police shooting at protesters would make the people who were not protesting start a riot and someone who would shoot a protester over a burning car would face more hate than the people who set the car on fire . 
  germany has it 's completely own rules about this . 
  weapons are not a part of this , not on both sides and not on the side of bystanders . 
  people do not violate this because they know everyone will turn against the one who breaks this rule first . 
  i do n't want this to change ever , i would rather see my whole stuff burn to ashes . 
   the only shame is how it all happened . 
  i think the real shame is , that we have allowed the uk never fully being in the eu and not forced them more to fully engage into it . 
  their relationship to us was always problematic . 
  they never felt like being part of the continent , because island i guess . 
  keeping their own currency made it harder too and whatever went wrong in the uk was the eu at fault not them . 
  for me them going feels more like the feeling when you finally find that little stone in your shoe that was not really hurting you but made you uncomfortable the whole way . 
  i think it will hurt them a lot and that 's not a thing i want , but i do n't want to read another uk newspaper yelling at me what the eu has done to them a g a i n !!!!, 
  and not once what the benefits are/were . 
  on the other hand , their politicians are so used to blame everything on the eu ... what will they do now ? 
  who is the next who gets bullied for everything ? 
  we would still `` have to care if his mother agrees or not '' . 
  the people who did it without her consent would face two criminal charges instead of one and with her consent she would face one too . 
  i also think that people who have no problem to violate a mothers right would have no problem to violate two laws at once . 
  i just do n't want people to downplay one right vs another . 
  there is no need to do that and this case would most likely still exist if a law against circumcition would exist like mutilation for girls still exist despite a law against it being in place already . 
  i am all for discussing if we should allow it or not and i am on the `` not '' side of it for children and on the `` do what you want '' for adults , but as long as the law is as it is the only thing to disuss over this case is , that it is not allowed to take someone elses child and get his/her body changed , no matter if cutting into a penis , a vagina , making a hole into ears or putting a tattoo on their skin . 
  you ask the parents first , or you go to court . 
  i feel ashamed ... 
  i read the headline and thought : `` if you want to kill the intelligence , go for the head '' ... 
  i need more coffee , a lot more !, 
  frankfurt , also called [ mainhattan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mainhattan ), 
  video : http://www.the-berlin-wall.com/videos/the-death-of-benno-ohnesorg-574/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benno_ohnesorg short : on june 2 , 1967 , ohnesorg participated in a student protest held near the deutsche oper , in opposition to the state visit of the shah of iran , mohammad reza pahlavi , who was attending a performance of mozart 's the magic flute at the deutsche oper that night . 
  [ 2 ] [ 3 ] it was the first political demonstration in which ohnesorg had ever taken part . 
  the protest turned violent after pro-shah demonstrators , including agents of the shah 's intelligence service , [ 2 ] began battling with students , and the police overreacted , employing brutal tactics in their attempts to control the crowd . 
  [ 4 ] in the ensuing tumult , demonstrators dispersed into the side streets . 
  [ 2 ] in the courtyard of krumme strasse 66 , ohnesorg was then shot by plain-clothes police officer karl-heinz kurras . 
  [ 2 ] ohnesorg died before he could be treated at a hospital . '', 
  exactly 50 years ago and we had this year an official apology for the failure of public authority . 
  so this is kind of an open wound in germany and might explain the reaction especially in this year at this time . 
  whenever i heard people talking about `` uk going completely independent '' i was sure they would leave the planet if not even the solar system to boldly go where no reasonable person has ever gone to . 
  i am glad i am not alone with this thought !, 
  i knew they would go `` fully independent '' and leave earth !, 
   angry at something else i am not sure how brexit will go , but this sentence is wrong . 
  they will always and forever blame everything on the eu . 
  after a not so nice accident , i am barely holding together , half using a wheelchair and half making my way with crutches . 
  getting out of bed , working full time in it and my daily chores are like marathon running on a daily basis for others , so in my free time i like to sit down and do nothing too exhausting so my power will be enough for the things i have to do . 
  but you are right , i did 3 years of aikido before the accident , which helped me to learn to fall in a protective way which is also probably why i did not die and break my neck or are quadriplegic now , but it was a close call . 
  just to make this clear i am not complaining , i am fine and damn proud of how far i got in the last two years , just sport is not a thing i can do except with my fingers on a keyboard and mouse and even that not in a competetive way . 
  i am 1,57 m ( 5,15 ft ) and 53 kg ( 117 lbs ) and the only thing i can lift is myself out of bed most mornings after a few tries :( but thank you for trying to help , for now i go with being the `` cool gamer aunt '' because no other adult in my family plays video games , and me filthy casual is a hardcore gamer to them  it also might not be so exhausting . 
  good advice , will do my best !, 
   but good on you for keeping your kin safe !, 
  i get of course the `` rolling eyes '' and the `` adults are so boring '' back . 
  but i hope repeating it often enough will make them think , 
  i find it funny that the easiest way to disable it on my mp3 player was to set the language to `` us '' , in two years i can probably set it to `` uk '' too . 
  i also learned to stay in those limits and made my whole family aware of the problems so that they make their kids stay in it too and take ear plugs with them on flights , concerts etc. 
  i am the aunt who pays for the first ticket and puts a pair of ear plugs on top of it when gifting it , having the `` care for your ears , because you ca n't replace them '' speech . 
  kind of a training for when i will have kids , 
  if these things are everywhere then they would go off immediately and wake up the whole house ( they are exceptional loud ) , especially if they are inbuilt ones that are connected and go off at the same time also for flats where no smoke is at that time . 
  for example , only a few minutes can allow people to get on the roof , because the stairways to the higher floors might be still clear from smoke , or lower floors that can be reached by fire department ladders . 
  it can give you the time to secure the door of your flat , so that smoke does n't come in and close windows , call for help ... whatever . 
  it can make a difference and if it would have saved one person of that whole block , it would have been worth it . 
  edit : i kind of feel bad to talk about this while people still fight for their lives . 
  i just wish people would take every possibility to get a better chance if something like this happens and i made my whole family think about fire safety and take it in their hands . 
  i know from my experience that getting a warning a bit earlier , may it be even only 3 minutes can save lives . 
  it can make a difference between a stairway being save to get down and not anymore . 
  there is no need to be angry . 
  it was n't in any way `` nice and easy '' for me and the others in the house even with a smoke/co2 detector and it would n't have been for people in a block like this , but it could have saved some of them , or had allowed them to get to a position in the house where rescuing them through the fire appartment would have been easier , because each floor you make it down ( or up , or to a different place ) makes a huge difference . 
  unfortunately we might never know , but i hope people in the uk will fight to have a law that forces these detectors now , as it is law in germany and most of austria and maybe elsewhere in the world , or at least make people buy them themselves . 
  also this should make people think about [ cuts in budgets ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/26/fire-deaths-rise-by-21-as-chiefs-issue-cuts-warning ) for fire departments . 
  there might also be a problem with fire safety in the block for other reasons , as i understand it , which leaves me without words and i hope the people responsible for that will be found and punished . 
  it works fine for ours is all i can say . 
  i would probably bring them back if such an important feature does n't work . 
  most of austria too . 
   for the rest there is no maintenance you should test them once a year by pushing a button to make sure they still work , another push and they are quiet again . 
  for the one in our kitchen . . we had a false alarm once , so it can happen but is very rare . 
  the smoke will be in your flat long before the fire does . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.general-anzeiger-bonn.de/bonn/stadt-bonn/img_2052.jpg-article3320589.html/alternates/v3_4_w349/img_2052.jpg?ts=1470072083000 ) : me and my ex-neighbour who put his apartment , which was next to mine , on fire with a cigarette in 2016 . 
  my flat did n't burn at all , but everything i have was destroyed through the smoke and a 9 $ smoke detector in my flat saved all my neighbours and me . 
  i will never live anywhere without one and for germany and most of austria it is law to have them now . 
   and my fish still gasping for water . 
  do n't ask for that in japan . 
  the gasping fish will wiggle its tail and look at you with living eyes full of despair while it is dying on your plate and comes back to live when the waiter puts some ( salty ? ), 
  stuff over it , smiling and saying `` very fresh '' . 
  i prefer dead fish , just not dead for too long and even cooked or warmed to be even more dead . 
  where do you place erdogan ? 
  he is the one who goes full dictatorship for a while now . 
  he should get at least a medal if not win the race to the top . 
   hard brexit : the uk becomes an independent country . 
  they will leave the planet ? 
  because that is the only way to be really `` independent '' .
