+1 swede like, 
  the triggerance in here is astounding , i think it 's important to remember the victims and not the terrorists . 
  i suppose you do n't think they 're worth remembering though . 
  i came to the comment section for the angry brexit comments . 
  shit was full of them . 
  every damn time . 
  blame nothing but your own goverment . 
  such a close refendrum is nothing to go after and a broken uk is the only result . 
  i would like to visit us in the future . 
  if not for the people , the nature . 
  i still conaider us an ally of eu despite all the shit in recent years . 
  i juat really hope the bernie left gets a hold and snaps the us back to reality sometimes soon . 
  oh come the fuck on . 
  it 's history . 
  it 's not up for debate le penis you nazi . 
  shit happens . 
  there will always be occupation sympathisers . 
  france is not unique in that . 
  you 're just pissing on the jews right now . 
  people in the west does n't know about it . 
  i only knew about it because i have a friend in serbia . 
  what are you even doing here then ? 
  lol . 
  piss off . 
  there shouls really have been 2 refendrums with some grace period . 
  the whole campaign was reactionary and i honestly do n't think the brits would feel the same way they do now as they would in say 1 or 2 years . 
  if they still felt like they wanted out , then sure . 
  they had their time to think and made a well informed choice . 
  huh ? 
  i feel like that is a load of bullspill . 
  i think south park was spot on with their fag calling episode . 
  the word faggot has less to do with homophobia and more to do with emaculation . 
  being a sissy girly boy is also an insult i 'd gladly call putin a faggot clown while i 'm pro-lgbt . 
  it 's like black people and the word nigger . 
  own it and disarm it . 
  it 's just that some people did n't get the meno and still think it 's offensive . 
  i really hope we 'll see a day when eu and the russian state can cooperate so the people can live in peace and not be dragged into their petty squabbling . 
  you 're not wrong but the diffrence is that the us has n't and is n't going to try break down eu with force . 
  us propaganda can be quite devestating as well though as it often goes against the intrest of the european people . 
  i 've always kept france in high regard . 
  if le penis actully would win , i do n't think france would shine as bright as it does now for a long long time . 
  i 've been pro-anti-immigration parties in the past . 
  untill i got that leathal dose of reality and relized that they 're 1 issue populist parties that tends to be facist and conservative . 
  i get the appeal . 
  i just wish people would understand the tradeoff they do . 
  it 's the standard safety for liberty , not deserving either . 
  which is actully what you get . 
  this is was conservatism looks like . 
  the idea of `` it was better back in the days '' are just another way of saying that you 're afraid of the future . 
  i suppose this is the result of having a larger aging population than a young growing one . 
  i hope it wo n't be too far gone when the poisonous old is gone for the current youth to move forward again . 
  i second this . 
  i do n't wish civilians any harm but i would n't fly the nazi flag because of someone in nazi circles getting killed . 
  russia is just not , not friends with the west . 
  russia is once again an enemy of the west . 
  we , the states around the baltic sea knows this very well . 
  civilian killed is always a loss but we wo n't fly the flag of such a disgusting state . 
  well we 're passive agressive as fuck so ... yeah i suppose ? 
  it 's quite pathetic to hear it come from an official channel . 
  hope this is n't representative for the whole gibraltar region . 
  seriously . 
  may needs to take a dickin ' and chill out . 
  only a weak leader would threaten long and old allies with war over something like this . 
  jesus britain . 
  this is going to be a couple of long years . 
  you keep acting like a hige shit . 
  congrats on that btw . 
  you must be right about everything because nothing happens outside your world right ? 
  if nordfront comfessed to this , i 'm not beyond admitting that i was wrong on this one . 
  i would like to see a source though . 
  i 'm still standing by my point . 
  i 'm from malm\u00f6 and the kind of shit the jewish community have to endure here in by majority not caused by the nazis . 
  i can on the otherhand imagen that it gets pretty inbred at the countryside and that there is more neo-nazis acting up outside the cities . 
  lastly , regarding the picture . 
  yes . 
  a handful of kids . 
  the people in the photo is between 18-25 . 
  that 's kids to me . 
  you also have to imagen that that 's a large number of their members . 
  they are pretty good at organizing marches like this as their main goal is to act civil and ordered . 
  it 's so people can say , `` hey !, 
  they ` rr pretty cleaned up '' . 
  they 're not afa that hide their numbers , faces and fuck shit up . 
  this is not unexpected . 
  it might be a silverlining in a otherwise dark forecast . 
  that 's a stupid ass retarded comment . 
  suits you . 
  norway is great . 
  glad to have them as neighbours !, 
  do not resist . 
  it 's better like this . 
  because stupid . 
  everything is binary . 
  if you 're not with , you 're against . 
  or something . 
  i take a guess that he 's american consodering the reasoning . 
  edit : checked history , almost exclusively posts im / r/europe and concern trolls . 
  no nationality . 
  sorry us friendos . 
  you 're cute .
