  i 'd say he looks awfully irish . 
  now that i think about it , all i 've ever seen is the female counterpart of the norwegian cloths . 
  nothing germany has done the last 60 years have in any sense been comparable to nazism . 
  go and shag a goat erdoturd . 
  that 's pretty stupid logic right there . 
  i was born a dirty ketchup pesant . 
  then i traveled europe for a better life . 
  i stopped for cheap food and fries i netherlands . 
  was gifted the mayo . 
  i acended that day . 
  never !, 
  we can still improve !, 
  so you 're saying that he 's a no name trying to do journalism ? . 
  is he employed under any newoutlet or is he freelancing ? 
  i think whatever he does and capture in his attempts , it will have to be replicated by someone else with a bigger name behind them in order to not get dismissed by deniers or eaten up by neo-nazis . 
  stop going through our trash !, 
  you might become religious nuts jobs and vote orange facists into office !, 
  this fin is a true worker . 
  you fight dark nights with darker coffee !, 
  well norway only got like 2 or 3 cities , right ? 
  and they 're all in the mountains ? 
  makes sense to keep them maintained . 
  the roads leading into norway is in very rural places where no one really lives and want to go , no ? 
  you as a german should know better than having a taste for alcoholic oatmeal drinks . 
  not the slightest . 
  overloading wikipedias servers is n't the same as being known for something . 
  i feel that the butthurt dane did n't get the messege at all . 
  of fucking course the danes were the majority of the vikings . 
  it 's just that they 're not the one that 's known for it . 
  just like much else . 
  i ca n't really think of anything other than lego that the danes invented or are known for . 
  i mean no one even thinks of the danes as vikings . 
  no one really explained what happened to the flying dutchman did they ? 
  they 're unfit to even rule over makebelief . 
  they do n't know any better . 
  lots of people here does n't know what nationalism is and defends it quite valiantly . 
  the idea of a 100 % independent country in 2000 is impossible . 
  europe is also pitted against a couple of super nations like usa , russia , china and india . 
  all super large in both mass and population . 
  none of the european countries is going to fare any better alone . 
  not uk , germany or france , despite being economic powerhouses . 
  asia will pass us on the outside and we would only be able to string along . 
  nationalism is the idea of haning on to what you know and feel comfortable with . 
  those other scary people over the border wears silly hats and speak cheese . 
  ca n't be like them !, 
  it 's a cowards way of thinking to me . 
  well shit . 
  they sat on them :'(, 
  as a swede i 'm absolutely triggered . 
  say after me , k\u00f6ttbulle . 
  if eu is to last , absolutely . 
  we got a long wsy to go before we can get to federalization but absolutely . 
  i think we need to joint media other then the american one for starters . 
  cultural diffrences is more in the way that econonical ones . 
  economics ' just math and can be fixed rather quickly . 
  alright . 
  didi n't know . 
  too used to the swedish media . 
  i suspect that it 's because what seems like an ethnic swede . 
  my tinfoil radar always flairs up when they say swedes commiting crimes . 
  this would n't happen with a dual citizen immigrant with passport though . 
  either way , i agree . 
  there is no use in releasing his id at this point . 
  it 's just to further some agenda i suppose . 
  all gained by doing so is just him making a name for himself . 
  a post about sweden where swedes are being told that they are wrong . 
  it 's funny how it does n't ring a bell for some people that despite this ironic turn of events , that trump is still a retard and that a single event in a ghetto does n't account for all of sweden . 
  we have pillaged and plundered all that is good with europe over many years . 
  we took your pizza too . 
  and we perfected it !, 
  with pineapple !, 
  whataboutism ? 
  i do n't even think the us was mentioned in the thread before . 
  practice what you preach . 
  the point is that the grenades come from former yugoslavia and the conflict around there . 
  it 's not like the muslims bring them in their pants over the border . 
  it is n't like your average muslim is a towel headed , nade slinging jihadist . 
  it 's all organized crime . 
  they 're bombing eachother . 
  i suspect that france is a very large farmland producer . 
  milk , cattle , pork , crops and such . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure about ceta but if it 's like tipp , ot means they have to compete with bigger producers from over sea which has zero moral obligations as well as lower quality on their products . 
  this meaning that in order to survive , france needs to dump their regulations . 
  imagen if sweden had to compete with american products . 
  our chickens ' under heavy regulations which keeps both their meat and eggs free from salmonella which theirs ' not . 
  it 's cheaper though . 
  just not better . 
  people buy those that costs less . 
  not because they do n't know better but because they ca n't always afford anything else . 
  i feel you . 
  i 'm in the same seat but in sweden . 
  i voted for sd in regiona\u00f6 and community last election . 
  i ca n't remember if i voted for them in parlament but i doubt it . 
  the thing about sd is that they did n't say that they were conservative at the time . 
  not in the sense that they were anti-abortion and all that no go . 
  just keep sweden swedish . 
  i mean , why not ? 
  but it 's isolationism and it 's a dangerous thing . 
  it 's an echo chamber and economic suicide . 
  which i learned later .
