  it 's a hard to defend against the only known enemy of mankind for a western country , russia . 
  worth mentioning is also that copenhagen airport is located just outside the capital , by the strait and that airspace have had continously been violated by not just russian recon jets but also very heavy bombers as well as there 's been cruisers and submarines in the water outside the capital , unannounced . 
  i 'd imagen the support would be high for nato if it was n't for the war in iraq . 
  what are you on about ? 
  there 's currently 3 comments here , including you . 
  the other 2 is one discussing the size compared to us and the other is wishing it does n't end like the old swedish royal flagship vasa , for whatever reason . 
  i think most people on this sub is a fan of the queen of england and agree with me that it 's a nice name to use even if it is for a warmachine . 
  you should really take your trolling somewhere where it 's less obvious and annoying . 
  they are not . 
  they are private as i said . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_trade_union_confederation feel free to feel my bias . 
  sorry but i 'm on jap/eu tech . 
  and you 're using an european language in a european colonized rogue state brought forth by more european technology . 
  you 're most likely got european heritage too . 
  i 'm not sure what your point is but my guess is that you 're just a trumpet and pro-brexit because you want to give eu the middlefinger for fuck reasons . 
  if say , florida state packed their bags and left the united states after being on of the most important swingstates and major political factors on the union because of some bullshit reasons , lies and more or less a tied refendrum . 
  my guess is that the other states would be pretty disgruntled . 
  i can say that people are more sad about uk leaving as it 's a really weird time for them to leave . 
  europe have never been more united as of today and is continuously fusing together . 
  we 're just hoping that the us collapses under trump . 
   if you 're rude , i 'll be rude aswell . 
  what is the entire reddit ? 
  worth mentioning is that minimum wage is set by each union in their own branch . 
  an thus not needed to be established by law as the unions were brought forth in early 1900s by the party currently in power , socialdemocrats . 
  the unions are private but works closely with the top of the umbrella and statepowered union lo . 
  i 'm not sure why we still want relations with these scums . 
  diplomatic immunity aside , if the do something that off the wall , they should get thrown out , head first and if we still want relations with them , it should be through our embassies in scumbagistan . 
   european rogue state of america . 
  are you on about this again ? 
  you only had your own anecdotal evidence to make your claims by . 
  what do you even suggest ? 
  is there even a legal option that does n't end in either a diplomatic/human rights disaster . 
  i think the cross flags needs a reconcept . 
  it 's less union like but i 'd be fine with the original swedish flag but with the stared circle in the left top corner . 
  i 'm gon na go against you hard on this one . 
  you ca n't compare school to genital mutilation . 
  school is n't as fun for everyone as it should be , i agree but it 's a necessary evil so to speak as it prepares you for the future and gives you the tools to take care of yourself . 
  it 's not work . 
  it 's not slavery . 
  it 's for you . 
  in some/most eu countries , you even get a small finincial aid to keep you in school . 
  i feel that you 're not making any points other than being disgruntled by the opinion itself . 
  it 's okay to not agree but your argument does n't hold up . 
  i also elective medical procedure should n't be hard limited to 16 years old . 
  there 's lots of cosmetic and none-life threatning surgeries that should be done in infant age . 
  hard limiting it would mean that some children that would otherwise grow up does so in sub-optimal conditions . 
  the kid could look like everyone else or not have that chronic illness that would prevent them from doing certain activities . 
  look , i was born with phimosis ( tight foreskin ) . 
  there 's lots of options besides circumcision . 
  i had mine widened by my parents stretching it in infant years . 
  not something i remember though but i avoided an unecessary surgery and i 'm glad that i did because every surgery is a risk . 
  if you still ca n't pull back your forskin completely by the time of you becoming sexually active , sure , a surgery might be in place but stretching it is still a better option . 
  the only argument i can make for legal circumcision is that if made illegal , it would be made by basement imams and rabbis and become botched surgeries . 
  i think there 's a better legal term for it but i think it 's in the same spectrum . 
  i mean it 's an act on a person that ca n't consent . 
  it 's just borders to sex related but it 's also beyond as it 's mutilation . 
  but you 're right . 
  it 's just not rape . 
  i dislike islam and the mass immigration as much as the next guy but jesus people like that helps absolutely no one . 
  it 's just another seed of hate and nothing gained . 
  i found one for you too , 
  hate titles like that . 
  i gave it my only downvote : /, 
  success breeds jealousy . 
  i mean if this is true , is n't that a problem itself ? 
  it 's an intrest group with a commom agenda that might not be know by the common consumer and can be easily manipulated . 
  also why russian own media is a problem . 
  one can only hope . 
  if you 're going to wail about immigrants , at least have your facts straight . 
  i get that muslims ' and some are hard to stomache as they do n't blend in very well but you let the most of the immigrants in on your own . 
  pakistan and india is n't refugee countries and the current wave of terrorists is n't first generations . 
  so for short . 
  i understand your woes but i do n't agree with where you 're getting them from . 
  eu did n't do this to you . 
  you did it yourself and you left eu based on missplaced racism . 
  but you do and i 'd laugh my ass off if ukrainans took your jobs for a change . 
  they 're just like us !, 
  you mean the ones from india and pakistan ? 
  the ones you allowed yourself ? 
  or the cheap polish workforce that has done jobs at slave wages while you shat on them ? 
  take a hike you tosser . 
  i do n't mind . 
  better than being a vassal to the us really . 
  i find that extremely strange though . 
  why would a long left like corbyn want a brexit ? 
  is n't the point of the left ideology to have as little borders as possible and allow taxes to carry the bigger parts of society ? 
  would n't it just be a price hike for the customer either way ? 
  i just find it sad and pathetic . 
  there 's always some mad torry/brexiteer lurking around waiting for a post like this to absolutely smear themselves with shit and blame eu/others for it . 
  there was a chanse for a grown up discussion to be had but that twat fucked it up . 
  i found him somewhat informative atleast . 
  it never stops to amaze me how people can worship the worst kind of people and walking disasters . 
  i meam with thos attitude , no wonder we scanians do n't like the rest of you . 
  people tend to whine about every fucking thing . 
  what happens now is that eu is a whole market for mobile internet providers instead of being regional . 
  hopefully we 'll see market competition driving the prices down . 
  not sure how the law handles calls between countries though . 
  i think this is for the best . 
  there 's many ways to run a country but i do n't think fucking over the sick and the poor , isolating the country from it allies , implementing population control and banning good ol porn is a good way to run even a house hold . 
  i 've seen a lot of this on / r/sweden too .
