  sadly , i have to emphasize on the idea that i 'm pro-eu and pro-schengen ** but ** there are groups , cultural or ideological that do no have a place in this modern world were we continue to meld . 
  i 'd really like for them to be a part of the future though . 
  same here . 
  i thought it would be a place to escape the left and right media bias but as all facist playgrounds , it just means no reality that does n't fit my rightwing bias . 
  i remember during the us election cycle , it was all anti-hillary and no anti-trump . 
  i mean , yeah , there was lots of shit on hillary and rightfully so but come the fuck on . 
  there 's no bigger pile of shit than trump . 
  uncensorednews is a t_d sub though . 
  it has about the same type of moderation as the main sub . 
  i 've given up on subs with a specific politocal orientation . 
  both left and roght political subs on reddit is such a heap of shit . 
  when people are civilized and ca n't have civilized conversations , they come to civilized subs . 
  i think you underestimate how bad some countries are and how far their prooaganda reaches . 
  lets say that / r/russia or / r/turkey was moddee by a team that was pro-west and banned anyone that was n't . 
  how pissed would n't you be ? 
  i 'm curious what you mean . 
  it 's a defensiv pact , no ? 
  well they do n't share the idea of peace or moral . 
  that 's pretty clear . 
  i 'm usually very level headed but i see less and less a place for islam and religion and those who practice it in this modern world . 
  problem is though . 
  say that we solve it by cutting away the cancer as it is . 
  how long will it take untill skin colour is the reason . 
  i do n't know if stupidity ends where islam ends . 
  so you say ? 
  i feel that we need less facism in europe though . 
  hope they get zero seats . 
  edit : i triggered a lot of snowflakes . 
  i replied to a dumb opinion with another dumb opinion . 
  but i 'll be honest . 
  if the torries win , i hope you lose all your rights to eu and you deserve the facist distopia that follows the torries rules . 
  extensive spying by both cctv and wiretapping the internet . 
  it 's straight out of fucking 1984 and you people are just smiling because fuck brown people right ? 
  i get it . 
  i 'd love a closed eu border too and the muslims kept in their litterbox but i wo n't terrorism for facism . 
   those who would give up essential liberty , to purchase a little temporary safety , deserve neither liberty nor safety . 
  you know this very well and if you think for once , you 'll know what it means for you in 2017 aswell . 
  that 's not really an argument . 
  it 's just another version of `` because '' . 
  well that 's neat as shit . 
  i always pictures ukraine as a black forest with obvious plains . 
  they ca n't . 
  brexxiters is as classy as trumpets . 
  one chromosome heavy and in a dorito/mountain dew fueled frenzy . 
  because they 're most likely not turkish . 
  ask the salty fuckers at / r/the _ dumbfuck . 
  this is very conflicting for me as a left leaning person . 
  i 'm not against helping others or immigration but seriously . 
  abuse the system like this and ypu deserve to sink in the sea . 
  not a facist state !, 
  brexit was n't power grab based on racism !, 
  / s i love you brit-bongs but what 's going on is n't healthy . 
  you know what a healthy democracy looks like . 
  we have had cia swoop people from sweden before . 
  not something he would risk and i agree with him . 
  sweden can be pretty fucking shady at times . 
  you will always see the loudest and the dumbest defend the most disgusting people . 
  once you mix nationalism into your sense of pride , logic is the fist to go . 
  i 've gotten scorned everytime i tell you guys that brexit was based on nothing more than a racist agenda . 
  if there had not been a migrant crisis and a zombie apocalypse like invasion in the tunnel , there would n't even be a refendrum . 
  france/brits . 
  got ta googla that one . 
  nato ( as in every fucking one ) . 
  the us took down japan in ww2 though . 
  you did n't have anything to do with that though . 
  i 'm sure having you involved would have given the japs the victory . 
  i really love these kinds of housings . 
  every new neighbourhood tendd to be built in american style standard where the clone tool is abused . 
  seriously guys . 
  stop treating us as the only intelligence service in the world . 
  they 're good allies with lots of new tools but we do n't need them . 
  we can do without even if we go at half speed and it 's not forever and all intelligence . 
  just till trump and the nazi party is out of office . 
  is njet rojshan hax !, 
  tackar and thank you . 
  technical translations is n't always easy . 
  either wind powered electricity or power from recyceling plants here in the southern flatlands . 
  is `` fj\u00e4rrv\u00e4rme '' the same as geothermal heating ? 
  because of so , that too . 
  trust me . 
  we all feel that way . 
  i 'm not going to argue at lengths about immigration but most of the uks immigrants comes from former colonies like india and pakistan . 
  everyone have shady poles and gypsies and that 's an economic issue that will still presist because you ca n't close your borders despite what you think . 
  it 's physically impossible . 
  why do you think we laugh at trump ? 
  regarding the 4th reich . 
  by far and wide , yes . 
  the mass exedous these last years made it appearant that merkel had waaay too much to say about things and she was the one of the strongest catalyst to uks racist brexit voters . 
  that 's why many of us now support a eu reform . 
  uk leaving did n't hurt eu at any economic or political level but emotionally . 
  it 's a good wake up call and i do n't think you get to insult that but in my own experience , the rightwing politics that uk now ride out on , builds on and makes their supporters only spew insults and nationalistic dreams of the past . 
  like say ww2 germany and trumps usa . 
  i wholeheartedly feel sad for those that ca n't imagen a future that has n't passed . 
  maybe i 'm just being idealistic ... 
  i do n't see anyone refuting the idea with anything other than feelings . 
  because a retarded post deserves nothing vetter than a retarded awnser . 
  also , uks whole detatchment from their eu allies revolves around masturbaiting over nationalistic and dead dreams about the glory days and the empire . 
  brits still friends in my eyes but when people like cbfw86 comes along , i do n't mind hitting them where it hurts . 
  most refugees tend to go for places that hand out pure cash . 
  they want to be able to wire the money home to their relatives .
