  nothing new , nothing strange . 
  it 's not vodka or absint . 
  tax it as normal and let the stores sell it . 
  sadly , greece is a failed state . 
  it need lots of managing before it 's back on its feet but they too shall be a part of eu !, 
  summer time is the bee knees . 
  i 'm going to wake up for wprk when it 's hella dark and it may as well stay dsrk untill 10-11am and save the light for after work . 
  fuck me it sucks living in sweden . 
  daylight is important for your health that we should just migrate the whole damn nation and take over italy as it looks about the same on the map . 
  day light saving time is oppression !, 
  yeah . 
  i have a lot to say about russia as a state but their youth deserves a future . 
  i just hope that when the day comes when it 's time to rebuild to democracy in russia , that our own states wo n't take advantage of them . 
  with some contacts in the criminal world , guns is n't that hard to get . 
  just know a guy . 
  you can often find them near your drug dealers . 
  they do n't though . 
  they are on the other hand over taking the sencond largest party that 's currently the leaders of the right wing alliance i see why people think the independent is a garbage newspaper . 
  to add to the discussion in the other comments , lots pf missinformation and stange facts are being thrown around . 
  yes they are a former mazi party . 
  it still carries the stigma but not the brand . 
  as for the ak47s , i ca n't say . 
  i have no source for that . 
  i know that there 's pictures from their nazis days floating around though . 
  the swedish democrats are your typical conservative , racist , isolationistic , anti-eu , anti-nato , pro-russia , russian sponsored , one issue right wing party . 
  i know . 
  i 've voted for them once or twice before when they were the only party talking about immigration and they had just around 5 % in parlament and long before the whole russian/ukrainian war started . 
  nothing i 'm proud of but that 's populism for you . 
  the stockholm centric politics are to blame for their success though . 
  rich politicians loving on islands on the coast where only the elite can afford it far removed fromm the common mans issues . 
  the rural folks are also to blame . 
  they 've never seen a black , brown or even asian person irl besides their local pizza resturant owner and they were convinced that every immigrant were a choclate angel . 
  they were doing these `` poor lesser creatures '' from the south a service by paying taxes amd forgetting about them only to see them on state sponsored tv later on . 
  last but not least , the `` envioremental '' party , the political whore of sweden that jumped ship everytime we hade a shift in ruling , that said they 'd like to dismantle the national state and social security so everyone could come to sweden . 
  they were the so called `` scale masters '' . 
  the party that you had to please and allaign with to gain majority in the parlament . 
  so their will despite being just on the 4 % vote limit has been absolute in swedish politics for a long time . 
  all this said , i 've come to find the swedish democrata extremely dangerous for sweden and i hope that the other parties take and even stronger stance to immigration and refugees to take away the only thing sd have lure supporters . 
  because it 's not in putins intrest . 
  love you too buddy . 
  i do n't see how those are connected . 
  you can be stupid while i have an opinion . 
  also , i never expected you to agree with me considering your own opinion did n't really shine all that bright . 
  you 're stupid . 
  she should kiss the peoples rings . 
  she should be in service of the people and no one else . 
  i mean ... i do n't disagree . 
  europe and the west would be in a totally diffrent shape today without them . 
  i just think that there is n't enough infotmation to conclude that being muslim is that cause rather than the targeted group . 
  norway is pretty much in eu without actully being there . 
  they still ha e to follow suit to be in the single market . 
  they have too many agreements with both denmark and sweden to be considered not eu . 
  i really think both uk and norway would be better off as members . 
  the comments in here looks like a bot brigade and they look as retarded as bots would write them . 
  real discussion though . 
  realisticly , there 's not going to be another referendum . 
  ideally , there should be a grace period before article 50 and a new referendum with the brexit deals on the table . 
  yeah i think / u/slopeclimber is looking at it in a really wrong way . 
  brexiters hate europe and / r/europe hates brexiters . 
  uk goverment is currently embodying the brexit . 
  there will be misscommunication where the goverment is misstaken for the uk as a country . 
  is he wrong though ? 
  society ca n't stay in some medival state because of one backwater group of people that refuses to change . 
  time do n't stop . 
  all societies progress and if they do n't , they 're a dying state . 
  any society that goes backwards is a dangerous one . 
  so in my opinion , fuck the romas . 
  i 'm happy for that the romanian people is able to move foward to a better society . 
  ah yes . 
  the problem for my union . 
  undercutting both pay and rights . 
  i 've really hated the `` sexy blond swede '' stereotype for a long time but i do n't think the `` omg rape '' one is better . 
  the thing about swedish refugee and immigration policy is that it worked post ww2 and cold war because it was educated , skilled , europeans coming here . 
  the success of that carried on to the war of former yugoslavia where most of the problems today comes from . 
  war criminals and muslims ( as in far from swedish ideals and moral ) were coming here . 
  i was too young to even comment further on this but at least in malm\u00f6 , these were the foundation to the organized crime we know today . 
  from what i 've come to learn , the vast number of immigratipn groups tend to land in diffrent places around the country . 
  malm\u00f6 got most of the yugoslavians as well as more devoted muslim iraqies and afghanies . 
  stockholm on the other hand got lots of kurds and somalians . 
  as usual the politics are centered around the capital and the stockholm area is the only one seen by the politicians . 
  so untill just recently when the syrian war began and we got flooded by the mass exodus which was fucking rediculous for anyone not so far up their own arse that they got a sore throat , nothing in malm\u00f6 have gotten noticed by the goverment , the stockholmians or the rural population for that matter . 
  any remarks came to be labeled racist . 
  no matter how well constructed or supported they may be . 
  we 've seem a shift on the redugee and immigration policies lately . 
  mostly because the established parties is n't willing to give ground to the far right as they currently sit on about 20 % support in the latest surveys . 
  the ruling party is at about 30 . 
  the far right have sky rocketed the last few years . 
  they just had their first shooting in stockholm city recently . 
  full panic at the parlament . 
  i enjoyed their reaction more than i should have . 
  still . 
  i guess we 're about to see a major change soon . 
  swede popping in . 
  you are right , the word rape used in thr official statistics sre used as a broad term . 
  i do n't know the exact range of it but it 's not limited to forced penetration . 
  regarding the statiatics for malm\u00f6 city , i hav n't seen any numbers about this so if anyone do have them , it would be great . 
  what i know on the other hand is that rape is still by far and wide most commonly commited by someone they know . 
  as for the city in general , yes it does feel like an unsafe city but no worse than any other major city . 
  we do n't live in fear , locked inside our homes . 
  brown people kill brown people .
