  the police see a lot . 
  i 've spoken to some local officers here in my town . 
  they do not care much for swedes of darker shades . 
  might be because they have to deal with them +90 % of the time . 
  i ment in attitude . 
  no harm ment . 
  still like you guys more than the us , 
  i feel like uk is the us of europe . 
  i think it 's worth looking at it another way . 
  it 's not as much eu/anti-eu . 
  it 's more immigration issues . 
  it 's easy to be hard on the issues at home and lax on the same issues abroad . 
  i think the poll tells a left politics story in general and germans know what facism looks like . 
  another brexiter kicking and screaming . 
  i 'm not saying you have to agree with the remain side . 
  opinion is opinion . 
  it 's all feelings . 
  what i 'm asking though is that you atleast try to make a constructive comment instead of a badly mannered and snarky remark . 
  i see a lot of angry brits rabbling and kicking over cans whenever a discussion about independence arise . 
  in reality it 's just about thinking ahead . 
  to have a plan for everything . 
  also , my fetish is a united europe so seeing the uk being torn apart is n't all that bad . 
  generic three stripes flags everywhere !, 
  can hardly tell the diffrence in many of them . 
  you know which one is swedish , finish or danisg flag atleast . 
  is it the italian flag or irish ? 
  russia , nl or france ? 
  belgium or germany ? 
  i do . 
  i understand the far right pretty well . 
  i have a couple of friends that has been active in parties on the far right . 
  some still hold their views . 
  i 've have voted and supported the swedish one for quite a while too . 
  the diffrence is . 
  i got wiser . 
  you ca n't just be pissed and blame brown people . 
  it 's not as easy as kicking the muslims in the ass and get the good life . 
  i dislike islam and the current refugee situation as much as any rightwinger but i wo n't sure as hell vote for a facist cunt that dreams of the past . 
  i do n't trade security for liberty . 
  i do n't want to be ruled by some maniac cunt and their band of thugs supported by russian money . 
  i 'd rather bite the bullet and learn a new trade . 
  i 've already done it twice . 
  i thank the social security of sweden and the socialist programs that being offered for that . 
  i belive that this model is the best kind because it can help those who want to be helped . 
  this should go for the whirlpool employees too . 
  life is n't being experienced in a vacuum where nothing happens and time stands still . 
  who ever belive that their comfortable life can be protected for ever is a fool . 
  rightwing politicians wo n't and do n't ever want to give you the tools to do so . 
  so again , whoever thinks that le pen will fix all their problems by fucking over muslims , eu and nato is a damn fool . 
  that is n't saying the other available politicians will do it either . 
  so being lazy in politics wo n't do . 
  people do n't think . 
  only feel . 
  right wing populist parties reap retarded votes . 
  it 's nothing new really . 
  have you tried this new tic tac with cyanid taste ? 
  it 's just more moaning and kicking from brexitters that browses a forum they do n't like . 
  and here comes the woe is me brexiters with the projection ... . again . 
  that 's a 10 % marginal . 
  it can get hairy enough to make france age a 100 years in one election, 
  i disagree . 
  capitalism is n't part of the supposed russian culutre . 
  being a crook does n't make you a capitalist either . 
  on the other hand , many crooks tends to be capitalists . 
  culture is n't a 100 % strong force . 
  people can always diviate from it . 
  so no , i 'm not saying that there 's is n't capitalists in russia , in fact , there 's no communism left in russia as of now . 
  however , being a greedy , selfish gopnik does n't make you a capitalist . 
  it 's an ideology , not a trait . 
  in a sense yes . 
  keep in mind that soviet/russia has always been anti-capitalist so the titled made it sound like wealth was being siphoned out pf the country but a foregin hand when in fact it was just shitty people doing shitty things within the russian borders . 
  eggoturd is looking well . 
  which media are you using ? 
  just curious . 
  400kg immigrants . 
  time and effort my friend . 
  it 's not an om and off switch . 
  have faith in the gyros . 
  i feel that we stand and fall with this . 
  we can do without the uk even if it hurts but truth is , france and germany is the two bearing pillars of eu . 
  this is as exciting as it is frightning . 
  swedish id and passports is among the strongest in the world . 
  take a hike you knock-off brand dutch . 
  how does voting for a dictator bring you money ? 
  basic dental care does n't exsist where there 's sand , do n't you know ? 
  seriously though . 
  that was an extremely and supprisingly immature response from / u/naosabemosdenada . 
  i 've though long and hard about where to draw the line of where luxery start and human rights ends . 
  realisticly , i ca n't imagen that middle eastern dental care could be much worse than say eastern european . 
  it 's not top of the line but that 's not something most people in neither us or europe gets either . 
  also , relocating people does n't solve shit . 
  all you do , that i 've seen for myself , is to drain a welfare state of its funds and social security . 
  you ca n't give away expensive medical treatments to people that not only does n't pay taxes but also funels their welfare money out of the country and the system . 
  i personally think the best way to help refugees would be to establish forward bases with the un and set up refugee tent cities in warmer , closer to home , easier establisments and for pure show , closer to combat operation and millitary bases . 
  woe is me much ? 
  what 's this poverty you 're speaking of ? 
  it only happens in war zones . 
  there 's a lower standard of living , yes but hardly starving . 
  this topic reminds me of the iconic picture of the drowned syrian boy . 
  you know the story behind that ?
