  this also means that they will be under subpar living standard in their refugee country . 
  in turn they either work undocumented to keep the wellfare or take to drug dealing or something other . 
  i really do think that we need an eu budget for the wellfare as well as make it tickets only cashable in food stores to keep refugees from moving around from easter countries . 
  edit : what the fuck went down while i was gone ? 
  did people really think brexit would go over well ? 
  i feel that 's more than just na\u00efve . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  romania tends to be a lot of guest workers . 
  not that that in itself is wrong but it usually means money under the table and under paid . 
  undermining the market and the unions in the country . 
  there 's lots of well educated romanians though which i do n't think the schwiz is having a problem with . 
  it really would supprise me if they did . 
  i would n't call you second class citizens . 
  not by far . 
  you do on the other hand tend to be mixed up woth gypsies which in recent years have been plaguing most of europe with their freeloading . 
  sweden have benifited greatly from easter european immigration , romania included . 
  both highly educated and craftsmen have found their place here . 
  it 's harder today though as it pretty much takes a university degree to secure a work . 
  you know , the opposit to deafeting the nazis is n't not defeating them . 
  it 's not fucking being another aggressor . 
  usse would have gained loads of allies if they did n't occupy half the modern world and siphoned resources , killed and raped everyone . 
  i do n't get why you even think i prefer one over the other despite what i wrote before . 
  i think both occupations were god awful even if it 's for diffrent reasons . 
  just stop being butthurt and stop with the word diarrhea . 
  what 's to be level headed and rational about ? 
  one occupation followed another and none were better than the other . 
  but they do ? 
  unless eu splits , uk wo n't be a part of the single marker , their biggest market . 
  if they 're part of the single market , they do n't get to push the racist points they wanted and ate shit for nothing . 
  edit : downvotes with no debate . 
  i 'm glad even if it 's not my election . 
  i 'm glad the french choose eachother and the rest of us . 
  i look to france when it comes to workers rights and liberty . 
  i will continue to do so . 
  viva la france !, 
  just wan na thank the mods for a great job . 
  this is one of the better subs out there . 
  i think the rethorics are the first alarm to ring most of the time . 
  other than the obvious post history and account age . 
  while i would like to see an iron curtain again , i know that it would do more harm than good though . 
  i just hope that eu has their own propaganda campaign in russia and is ready to tripp them when putin dies . 
  i do n't want to think of russia as an enemy . 
  having them as a friend would makes this world so much better . 
  she 's an outliner by far . 
  that 's a hardcore bodybuilder body . 
  the ones in the video is the low bar though and the police is n't trained to control animals like in other countries . 
  much of the training goes into psychology . 
  disarming the situation without force . 
  but he 's popular among people who likes him !!!, 
  ! 11one seriously . 
  he 's greatly disliked among the western nations and their allies . 
  which is what we 're talking about . 
  one is a shadow counsil while the other is a private citizen . 
  think before you speak . 
  i 'm in the same boat . 
  / r/worldnews started acting retarded and i wanted none of that . 
  i 'm glad i found this sub . 
  i agree with / u/theweekdn though . 
  i do n't care much for americans and such coming in here just to be butthurt . 
  it feels invasive and juvenile . 
  which lowers the subs standard to / r/worldnews levels . 
  i just wan na be happy for us here in the eu without someone whipping out their dick whilst crying and screaming nationalistic shit . 
  everyone acts like it 's the end of the world . 
  it stopped and it was all that could be done . 
  the world was diffrent back then . 
  even if as late as 74 . 
  i think people forget how quick we 've changed after ww2 . 
  some quicker than others and as i said before , sweden did n't really get on 1st world level of standard untill the late 70 's . 
  i found it both odd and funny that these people who yell and scream about cucks seems to be the biggest ones . 
  they have nothing productive to say either . 
  just the same old same old fearmongering . 
  i think an open mind and being able to change your opinion when new facts appear is a sign of great strength . 
  this is what makes a good person . 
  the rest of the world is extremely racist compared to the west which seems the be the best place diversity . 
  we in the west gets all the shit . 
  not just from our own but everyone else from the outside knows how to play the cards against us . 
  i do n't care much for diversity but we 're doing a damm fine job at it and we should pat our backs rather listen to psudo-studies like like and think that we 're the white devils everyone makes us out to be . 
  i honestly wish europe and russia could just fucking love eachother !, 
  i wan na love a russian damn it !, 
  federation nation s like usa seems to manage state democracy to an extent ? 
  you 're on the internet whining about globalization . 
  get a grip man . 
  there 's no wsy back that is n't destruction . 
  either merge or be the only one standing . 
  there 's . 
  bilateral agreements , yes but that means only some educations is available for some people woth the right connections . 
  also , free movement is great for lesser countries that does n't have higher educations at home . 
  again with the lunacy and mad raving about some hidden stalinist hitler marxist agenda . 
  are you either retarded or have no hope for the future ? 
  i repeat myself again . 
  you sit on the internet and whine about globalization . 
  i 'll use my own country as an examole to why ypu 're dead wrong . 
  sweden used to be an isolationist country far into the 60 's -70 's . 
  then after the occupation of berlin , american culture started sipping in at a greater rate and overtook out own . 
  we still have a culture of our own but we 're also much more connected to the rest of the west . 
  now we have even more culture exchange thanks to the internet and free movement in europe and many other places . 
  the younger generations are leading the way to more connected world . 
  it 's the old and backward paddling angry basementdwelling idiots ( i used to be one myself untill i embraced the world rather than try tp fight it ) keeping the future back . 
  if you want to live an isolated life , go do that . 
  nothing is stopping you but why force your life on others that have the will and energy to build something they belive in ?
