  being left in an orphanage till your 18/21 and risk being social misfits , fall into crime , develop mental issues or have 2 hairy men who likes to knit and decorate that love you despite not being able to make their own children . 
  those who are against same sex adoption do n't really care for the orphans and do n't care to adopt either . 
  no , this is the reason i 'm excited for the future and hopeful for the eu . 
  checked your history . 
  do n't try undermine the eu in a european sub . 
  i do n't get why you see us as enemies when we 're just happy to make it on our own . 
  i do n't normally call people out like this but the active atempt to take the wind out of anything positive about europe is getting under my skin . 
  you said and i quote '' [ trump wants europe to stand on its own . 
  time to kick the kid out of the basement and tell him to get a job '' ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5sds2u/eurozone_economy_quietly_outshines_the_us_stream/ddei851/ ) . 
  so now we 're well on our way to do so but for some fucking reason you do n't like it ? 
  you have rightwing retards reading their favorit propaganda piece because `` mainstream media is just libtard lies !!!! '' . 
  it gets shared on facebook . 
  people of lesser education who 's already angry at the muslims and the oh so super corrupt govermemt latches on . 
  even if it is just by reading the title . 
  that 's all it needs . 
  someone to tell you you 're opressed , someone else to tell you who 's at fault and bam . 
  no facts no debate . 
  just feelings and a title . 
  we 're doing okay !, 
  seriously though . 
  that 's great news in uncertain times . 
  always buy local . 
  if not , buy european . 
  wow ... 
  the bitterness in here . 
  it 's like you do n't want the union to work . 
  it 's like you want it to fail . 
  i support the idea of a union . 
  heck , even a federalization is in order . 
  i belive in europe and us europeans . 
  what the union needs is a reform of how mandates are distributed among its memebers . 
  right now it 's all located on france and germany . 
  whilte they are the economic power houses and should have more to say , i do n't agree with the overwhelming mandates they currently have . 
  the migrant crisis made it clear that 1 woman have too much to say and everyone is still to selfish and nationalistic for this to work . 
  for the dublin agreement and schengen to work , there needs to be a strong outer border . 
  either send economic support or manpower to the borders . 
  east european countries needs to lessen their religious influence on state decisions and get generally boost their education and boost their economy . 
  there needs to be a union defense force that everyone pays equal amount for . 
  not some gdp / % bullshit . 
  it 's a project that will take a while to complete but will pay off for everyone if they commit . 
  i do n't understand why people are so afraid of the future and the changes we can do . 
  but venezuela is a facist state ? 
  i do n't understand the attempted disconnect here . 
  i mean , nazi germany was a socialist and facist state . 
  they had a great run untill they went to war . 
  the nordic model does n't count as socialist because it 's successful and it hurts the narrative . 
  despite that , https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/types_of_socialism , in this link , you 'll find among others , social democracy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy . 
  in the article , the nordic model is mentioned . 
  it has a mix of free market trade , yes . 
  in an aggressive capitalistic world you have to be able to function as an economy . 
  something venezuela was n't prepared for . 
  all the eggs in one oily basket . 
  when the saudis crashed the oil market , the only national income crashed . 
  what followed was a facist response . 
  what is often forgotten about venezuela is that the country has never ever been in a stable state . 
  never developed to a democracy . 
  and the rest of europe is cupping is nicely , 
  i do n't know what happened ... 
  i 'll start adopting 2 cats a day untill that pictues changes . 
  turkey is a big turist attraction among swedes but i think and hope we can call it quit . 
  it was already hard to get around as a european outside the tourist areas . 
  being manhunted for wearing shorts seems be the begining of the end for tourism in turkey . 
  i think goat cheese is only produced in the southern parts of europe . 
  i ca n't think any nordic country that has a major goat cheese production . 
  reindeer cheese and such would not supprise me the least . 
  mods . 
  do n't just delete the comments here . 
  you know this is very local news . 
  do n't start with an agenda now . 
  this is one of the few good places left on reddit . 
  i honestly feel like this is the way to go unless eu goes into full federal mode . 
  sweden is the odd child though . 
  once stockholm sinks into the sea , we might be on the level . 
  katze ass is love and trust . 
  you need to show your bum to your cat amd everyone you trust and love too !, 
  missmatched tooth paste flags everywhere . 
  i 'm curious . 
  do you want to be considered europeans ? 
  not members of eu , just geographicly ? 
  i 'd figure the tiny pink lady was too iconic to miss but it 's the queen of england this time . 
  i 've tried to say this a couple of times on this damn site but gotten massively downvoted because people get uncomfortable and ca n't argue . 
  i think because of the cold war propaganda , the definition of socialism is so blurry that it 's pretty much full blow communism the second you mention taxes or free healthcare . 
  [ the thing is , there 's lots of types of socialism . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/types_of_socialism ) there 's one that 's [ sweden is based on ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ) that 's called social democracy . 
  saying that sweden is n't a real socialistic society is to bend the definition further . 
  by that logic , venezuela was n't either . 
  the main problem with the tried and failed communism/socialism states is that they all started with a millitary coup and ended up being an authoritarian shithole . 
  many of them had malicous outside influenses . 
  i also feel that corbyn gets taken out of context . 
  you could also praise venezuelas economic model and public services while being sceptical towards the rulers . 
  you could always set an example , 
  i felt like the joke about sweden reeked of t_d and / r/incels . 
  quite unoriginal to boot . 
  meh , when your only became successful because of the `` new world '' resources stealing from others , it 's kind of hard to take our eyes of you lots . 
  donald trump is pretty much the embodiment of american arogance . 
  damn , i miss obama . 
  those were some couple of years . 
  because it 's not ? 
  free healthcare and state owned infrastructure does n't make it socialist .
