  the swede goes about his day . 
  ca n't stop living . 
  on a sidenote , i do n't understand these statments like trump and nigel farts make . 
  is it out of concern ? 
  are we used as a racist scapegoat ? 
  is the schadenfreude ? 
  for being 2 of the most influensial countries in the world , prided with their might and power , they sure let everyone else clean up their shit while they laugh . 
  no that 's the greeks . 
  romanians work hard as hell . 
  just too cheap . 
  must have been my mobil acting up . 
  saw the comment but not the account name . 
  i was talking about resources but by all means , be pissy and act like everyone else us stupid but you . 
  while i do think eu is expandable beyond the classic geographical borders of europe , i too do n't think japan would be ready for everything that eu would ask of them . 
  on the other hand , inviting them to eurovison would bea great idea !, 
  it 's great culture exchange and a good first bridge . 
  it would mean that the smaller nations would have a harder time in the competition though . 
  i 'm not sure why people would be negative about this . 
  i think japan if any would be able to be held to eu standard . 
  there 's a few issues still to be talked about when it comes to japanese market practices but i think it would be great for japan to be pulled out of the us market standard . 
  i think it was a crude way of saying , focus what 's at home before going half way around the world . 
  i do agree though . 
  we have more pressing matters like eu stability than some nobody on an island . 
  that 's an un issue . 
  he ... he deleted his account ? 
  the czech are crazy good hockey players . 
  perhaps we left a couple of hockey genes behind ? 
  if it means no vampire in schengen ? 
  why not . 
  sweden is dark most of the day during winter . 
  it 's a paradise for blood drinkers . 
  you hurt norway . 
  only ikea can mend those wounds . 
  we were all the way into prague . 
  for being a peace loving country , we 're quite proud of fucking that city up . 
  we still invade it with party vikings today . 
  swedish relationship with prauge is quite odd . 
  i get the feeling that western turkey would be an excellent member of eu . 
  heck you might even set an example for greece and romania . 
  even as a swede i 'm confused . 
  we usually hurdle under the booth roof . 
  we 're not touching but almost . 
  standing like that is just silly . 
  only downsides . 
  come here , norway . 
  sweden will union with you . 
  you 'll never be backwater to us . 
  only front water . 
  we 've got good universities and exchange programs . 
  quite an attractive country for young people to visit and move to . 
  not supprised at all . 
  dulingo is n't that popular among natives either . 
  there 's lots of state sponsored language courses to go too rather than using an app . 
  the us have been placed in a very unique position after ww2 . 
  russia would have kept pushing if it was n't for the us and uk stopping them at berlin . 
  russia have been the country to set the standard of warfare ever since . 
  invasion of afghanistan , the proxy wars in east asia and more . 
  us have been pushed to play the same game but unlike russia/ussr , the us have claimed a lot about itself and have been held there after . 
  the post 9/11 invasion of the middle east can both be seen as the bush wet dream and one of the few means to go after something we hav n't experienced before , imported terrorism . 
  i do n't think any option were very favorable and the us were put in a very difficult position . 
  so to me , the us started out good but was forced out of their anti-interventionism to finding themselves in a fetish for espionage and war . 
  all because the continued aggression of russia/ussr . 
  thanks for your concern but do n't let nationalism get the best of you . 
  the russian state have up to a lot of shit in sweden among other countries . 
  it 's nothing new . 
  also , inb4 whataboutism usa . 
  yes we know they do things too . 
  same shit , diffrent name . 
  by god the denial and fact swatting . 
  i 'll clairify what tetra tried to say . 
  hinting means russia along with other threats . 
  it may include and not include millitary aggression along with industrial espionage , propaganda campaigns , economic destabilization and more . 
  there is the fact that sweden , the strongest of the nordic nations have been under the thumb of russia for a long long time . 
  we have both land , technology and markets of intrest for the russian state . 
  the article is just confirming that there is movements . 
  they ca n't say what , where or when without blowing intelligence . 
  it sounded norwegian to me . 
  still a very good attempt . 
  give the man a week and a stroke . 
  it will be authentic !, 
  sooo . . eu = everyone living on that nordic welfare ? 
  well boys . 
  leta talk some ground rules !, 
  sounds like you have a messiah complex . 
  scary stuff . 
  i hope there smarter people than you in those mountains . 
  wow those are some really shitty numbers . 
  no wonder the us is mad as hell . 
  i know sweden is n't in nato but for fuck sake . 
  if you 're in such an important organisation , atleast pull the minimum weight . 
  2.0 gdp is exactly what you need to spend . 
  no more but no less . 
  if the us wants to spend all their gdp on , let them but god atleast do your minimum . 
  brexit was also a scam based on false information and racism . 
  sounds like getting bakir of the seat is a goal for eu then . 
  i do n't support religion over states regimens . 
  i mean we 're comparing high standard of living and low standard of livong states . 
  while a pizza could cost 2 euro in some forgotte . 
  eastern european state , it could cost 10 euro in a top western state . 
  cost and earnings often levels out .
