  it 's been swinging from left to right and back faster than light . 
  i get that immigration is a hot topic but it 's just odd comments that just seems so out of touch from normal swedish politics . 
  hopefully the world will find peace when that vile animal is dead . 
  i always enjoy a butthurt britbong . 
  drink some tea an chill out . 
  dup seems like alright lads if you 're with isis . 
  he came after may and left a bitter taste in her mouth . 
   i 'm asking if we want them in . 
  thank fuck it 's not up to you . 
  you 're not in the nato council nor in a goverment position . 
  you 're just ousting you uneducated opinions here without any facts to even back them up a little . 
  i really hate these comments . 
  `` do n't have dreams . 
  hope is for the foolish . 
  you ca n't change anything . 
  surrender your democracy and right to vote and just accept my prefreces '' . 
  no thanks mate . 
  change comes from hopes . 
  lets look at it this way then . 
  you can be an egineer or a chemist . 
  you know lots of things about physics and that yahoo . 
  you have no knowledge avout the world and the people from what you gathered on your spare time . 
  this guy was a supposed to be a journalist . 
  my guess is that he was n't radical when he started . 
  i do n't think a muslim with extremism in mind goes to be a pensil warrior . 
  he did n't seem to be connectes to isis . 
  more like he adored them . 
  he picked up his rage somewhere from home or his social circle . 
  he looked past his education because he was fed some kind of victim role for quite some time . 
  it was what i think none-socialists call , a banter . 
  in retrospective , the person to whom i replied to seems to be a reaccuring bottom commentor . 
  i regret not being more rude . 
  i 'll hire a polish gentleman to taunt him next time . 
  i 'm gon na guess that it does n't matter how educated you 're supposed to be . 
  you can always scuff off information as being false and `` fake news '' if you have roots in harmful ideologies like islam . 
  toss some drugs and a hammer into the mix and you got yourself a viagra fueled one man jihad . 
  and i hate you . 
  what ever you 're supposed to be . 
  come fight my gdp and my top standard of living irl , bitch . 
  i think his opinion matters . 
  do n't be a biggot . 
  not a fascist . 
  i called this early and got scolded as fuck in here . 
  at the current rate uk is going , a fascust dystopia is n't far off . 
  arm and pay brown cavemen to do bad things . 
  blamd brown cavemen for doing bad things . 
  promise to stop brown cavemen from doing bad things by punishing everybody . 
  arm and pay more brown cavemen to do more bad things so you can keep punishing everyone even more while they cheer you on . 
  i 'm still not quite sure what i feel about it all . 
  i 've said it before and i say it again . 
  brexit was just a scam used by racists and facists to avoid eus reach and get an easier grip of the uk withim the books . 
  it 's still lawful aslong as you make the laws after all . 
  i do n't think i 've heard someone being called racist or sexist for being anti-terrorist in a long good while . 
  most people is against muslim immigration but not everyone is retarded and do n't want to swing their countries from left to right and/or live under a corrupt autheterian goverment that closely resemblems hitlers rise to power , just because of one policy . 
  most left leaning parties is currently trying their best to work against islamification within the framework of human rights . 
  this . 
  godwins law , i know but i think if peoole are holding the nazis who `` was just following orders '' responsible for their action , disobediance should count for something too . 
  i 'm not the law but the us did somwthing awful and snowden took it to the light . 
  nothing wrong with talking about right wing politics . 
  being a rude retard gets you downvoted no matter which wsy your opinion goes . 
  also , stefan l\u00f6fven is a qt3 .14 regardless of politics . 
  i really like it though . 
  i got downvoted in a previous post about some ridiculoisly lavish office with absolutely no function ... 
  this pic is right up my ally and makes me a proud voter . 
  would n't the attack increase their lead as the tories pretty much lives on anti-immigration/racist rethorics ? 
  i mean , was n't that the whole point of brexit ? 
  to close down the isle ? 
  well that 's pretty tacky imo . 
  i thought the other offices looked way more professional . 
  it was inspired by the rise of ban happy subs . 
  also , i 'm not the one to participate in circlejerks and i like to discuss uncomfortable topics which often results in a ban because you ca n't have diffrent opinions . 
  i know i 've become a bit jaded when it comes to immigrants/muslims but that 's from experience and not hearsay like many others like rurals and americans that hardly ever spoken to anyone other than their wife/sister . 
  i 've argued this before . 
  they get asylum in say estonia and then move on to germany or sweden . 
  they want wellfare , housing , education , a blond wife to fuck at arrival and a land to conquer as it is what they 've been told before they left home . 
  i 'm all for taking in refugees but there 's a fuckton of wellfare tourists coming here on empty promises and propaganda . 
  why is n't shit like this in the eu constitution yet ? 
  i feel like being part of the future means leaving religious dumbfuckery behind . 
  at least at state level . 
  you having a giggle ? 
  you havin a fit at my spiddekauka and rulleb\u00f6r with pantollor !, 
  i 'll hutta you back to back to the blackforest or whatever fjolltr\u00e4sk you came from !, 
  he made no sense at all . 
  it 's all just him fighting himself . 
  you can be both in nato and have your own army . 
  that 's what everyone is doing . 
  you only standardize your weaponry to nato standard . 
  there 's plenty of manufacturours to choose from so it might not even be that expensive . 
  the biggest problem with nato todate is us influense as seen in iraq . 
  lot of countries did n't have neither intrest or money to spend on that shithole way outside of the nato alliance . 
  all for the republicans search for oil . 
  depends on how you look at it . 
  peaceful protest can mean unarmed . 
  like most of them were against millitary units . 
  i 'd say that this sub does n't like criminals . 
  they just happen to be the most stereotypical group of people known for crimes in europe . 
  easy target to bash when you see it all the time but goes largely ignored by the media . 
  i think he 's just offended by the thought of there being groups of people that actively do not want to be a part of modern society and actively abuse the systems to further the life styles . 
  i think it goes without saying that there is people with gypsy heritage or are direct children of gypsies but do not embrace the gypsy lifestyle and culture . 
  it 's the same line of thinking as jews the race and jewish the culutre/religion .
