  and cheese . 
  either way , stay where you are . 
  greek food is a gosh darn national treasure . 
  because we like scotland ? 
  you may not like us but we like scotland . 
  this feels like you 're getting angry at your friends for not wanting you to move and offering you a place to stay . 
  dictators tend to like eachother . 
  one can hope . 
  i heared they had oil . 
  we just miss you mate . 
  love hurts you know . 
  again , why the fuck is hating the uk ? 
  that 's just hyperbole . 
  / r/europe hates brexit . 
  not the uk . 
  i find this quite racist but i guess sucess breeds jealousy . 
  no one looks for denmark . 
  trust me . 
  you 'll be fine my friend . 
  you did n't even awnser anything . 
  you just reinforced what i already said . 
  i often find brexit supporters to be of the same brand like trump supporters . 
  if it 's not perfect , it 's broken . 
  if it 's broken , we wo n't fix it . 
  not fixable ? 
  fuck it then . 
  i still think brexit was voted for in a frenzy of blind populism sparked by the recent refugee influx . 
  people are afraid , dumb and impulsive . 
  there 's much still to be done with how eu works . 
  outer borders are one of them . 
  rather than turning tail and runnung away when things get rough , perhaps staying and riding through the storm like the proud britanians we once knew would be better ? 
  hopefully that touches your nationalistic pride in the right spot . 
  so no , no one here ever hated the uk or its citizens but the uk we see today is not the uk we knew . 
  bring potato . 
  we 're have a unification party !, 
  way too common . 
  it 's easier for a swede to talk to you in english than to let you speak in broken swedish . 
  everyone and their dog understands english . 
  a vast majority can speak it rather well . 
  some may have a funny accent . 
  holy crap the victim complex . 
  listen here mister . 
  no one is anti-british . 
  do you even know why people are anti-brexit ? 
  perhaps it 's because we did n't want you to leave the union ? 
  would it be better if people wanted the uk to fuck right off and get lost ? 
  perhaps the pubishment comes from anger and feelings of betrayal ? 
  perhaps people wanted a united europe but got shorthanded by populism and racism from a country whos googles are rose tinted with the memories of past glories ? 
  so there 's that . 
  you 're a crybully and in the mercy of someone elses hands . 
  well perhaps you would have considered that before you went shit posting to the parlement this morning , terry . 
  this whole circus feels like both have and eating the cake at the same time . 
  soon enough . 
  then you can i to nordics . 
  yeah with facism on the rise in uk , it feels like we ca n't help them anymore . 
  this whole brexit thing feels like a hoax to me . 
  it 's just an itch i ca n't scratch . 
  i just hope they will be well . 
  edit : fuck the uk apperantly ? 
  may the sucumb to hitlers reincarnation and be slave ? 
  happy birthday ? 
  i do n't know what to say to please you people . 
  well this makes one sad . 
  there 's lots of `` developed '' countries on that list that 's both smaller and wealthier than sweden that should have been able to be doing way better . 
  i seriously feel that people just dismiss everything because they do n't like someone . 
  even a broken clock is right two times a day . 
  fuck , i mean even hitler had some great ideas . 
  it does n't mean i love the man . 
  the speech in ops link was a nice one despite what people feel about him . 
  what video did you watch ? 
  he said that brexit was the dumbest and most selfish act since ww2 where uk sacrificed themselves to liberate europe . 
  meaning brexit goes against everything we built towards . 
  you guys confuse me sometimes . 
  so what are we chasing if not dreams ? 
  i mean if we ca n't inspire our peers , who the fuck are we even talking to ? 
  if we ca n't sell `` dreams '' what options do we have ? 
  force ? 
  is that what you want ? 
  let me phrase it like this then . 
  if you cement the time at summer day light saving time for countries here in the north , the working people who during winter time absolutely have to sit inside for 8 to 10 hours a day , the daylight you would get after work would improve the mental health as winter depression and sunlight deficiency hits you like a ton of bricks ( a huge contributer to the suicide rates ) . 
  keep in mind that the hours of daylight varies a lot over europe . 
  it 's world of diffrence between copenhagen and stockholm in terms of both light and tempatures . 
  i found this chart comparing slovenia to sweden . 
  http://www.mittresvader.se/l/klimat-slovenien-temperaturer-vattentemperatur.php it might help you get some perspective on how the winter looks in sweden . 
  i advice to run it through google translate . 
  you 're almost at twice the amount of daylight and almost half the amount of rain . 
  stockholm is one of the few regions that 's prone for better wether to boot . 
  you 're not making any arguments . 
  just repeating some nonesense you said above too . 
  http://www.delaval.se/imagevaultfiles/id_8314/cf_5/soltabelll.pdf this is the number of hours there was actual sun light in sweden last year . 
  per month . 
  not counting cloudy wether , just sun rise till sun down . 
  so yeah . 
  1 fucking hour here and there makes one hell of a diffrence . 
  as a swede i find systembolagets meddling in finnish alcohol business stupid . 
  i can see the minister of health have a say about it but the alcohol monopoly goverment branch should n't . 
  i ca n't see it being profitable to even go to finland as you either have to take an expensive ferry or live far up north and cross the border by land . 
  the northern of sweden is already known for their homebrew and moonshine so it 's not like sales will plummit . 
  i 'm sliding to the left and do n't mind the goverment controling things here and there but finland is doing the right thing . 
  5,5 % is just plain beer .
