  he 's not wrong though . 
  he 's making a good point . 
  it 's obvious sympathy fishing . 
  the gypsies already run that trick to the ground . 
  the same could be said for the austrian crossdresser . 
  then again . 
  i do n't think you could make a well defined rule about how a preformer can look , dress or function . 
  we would n't be able to do a thing with rules like that . 
  i 'll never get russians . 
  i wish you were n't so darn angry at everyone . 
  the sausage lady was purely a political act . 
  it was just about the time russia started voting in their anti-homo laws . 
  i remember russias constestants getting booed like hell . 
  i really wish the western population did n't use eurovision as a political tool . 
  i lile pissing on the neo-ussr as much as the next guy but it 's getting redundant . 
  i just wan na see some culture exchange and catchy tunes . 
  i 'm not too familiar with french politics but how close or how simlar is le pens politics to the french republicans ? 
  would it be more likely from republican voters to turn to macron despite being on the left spectrum ? 
  nothing is stopping them . 
  we cleared the obstacle years ago , right ? 
  that 's a crude way of saying it . 
  i think there needs to be a clear seperation between immigrants ( who lives and work here ) and refugeed ( war survivors being housed till it 's safe to go back home ) . 
  if there is able bodied and educated people among the refugees , make them immigrants . 
  my issue with this is that they will be europes problem under schengen even if this is a bilateral deal between nl and de . 
  this should have been brought to the parlament atleast as an announcement for members to discuss . 
  we 're geographicly and economically bound , we should atleast be able to voice our concerns and thoughts . 
  no one is taking turkeys side in this . 
  trust me . 
  only some turks and other loons . 
  i think he 's trying to take turkey further away from the west though . 
  either that or he 's mighty retarded . 
  perhaps both . 
  i have no idea what he 's trying to say but i imagen that it 's some tinfoil hatting . 
  cnn is watchable in many countries and it 's the provider that decide which channel/frequenzy to broadcast the channels . 
  ofc you can edit it in your tv too . 
  you 've been able to do this since the turn knob went out of fashion . 
  you have to remember that it 's not the majority , heck it 's not even the minority that does things like that . 
  it 's such a small number that it 's down to individuals . 
  the most common abuse is wage slavery . 
  cheap labor under subhuman conditions . 
  i 've seen poles and other east europeans work the shittiest jobs for the shittiest pay at the shittiest hours with absolutely no protection gear at all . 
  they become injured , sick and permanently damaged for scraps . 
  i wish it would be illegal to offer jobs under union agreed pay , even for foreign workers when doing work inside an eu state . 
  still though , these low pay checks opens up doors for other kinds of baits . 
  people know they can get paid better , money or services . 
  just bait em and rail em in . 
  okay . 
  sanction those cheese wheels and clogs and only buy kebab wheels and goat wifes , no ? 
  seriously though . 
  calling for such extreme action will only make you look like a butthurt child . 
  my heart goes out to sane turks that has to be represented by this weak , angry , 1 digit iq squeek toy . 
  you say that as a bad thing . 
  if the growing facism and middle eastern influense is the hottest topics , why not listen and add your voice ? 
  the stance of a social liberal would be to oppose those two and eggoturd is the worst of both . 
  just go back to turkey if you 're going to turk out about it . 
  i belive that ypu can be both turkish and nl/eu but you ca n't just be turkish in nl/eu . 
  there is a huge problem right now with nostalgia fanatics . 
  neo-ottomans are just as bad as neo-nazis . 
  treat the as such too . 
   same work it 's a buzzword . 
  it 's almost impossible to exactly the same work . 
  you can be employes to do the same work but you 'll never pull the exact same weight . 
  that said , i 'm a union man . 
  the goal is to come as close as possible . 
  yeah . . do n't blame eus supposed closest allie , us for directly backstabbing what previous goverments supported . 
  do n't blame russia and putin who have actively tried to undermine eu and the european states since ww2 , in every possible way . 
  no we ca n't do that because you say it ? 
  sorry but no . 
  you are dead wrong . 
  we do have problems on our own , yes . 
  but to just dismiss and accept that two of the worlds most agressive countries pay and support anti-eu groups within eu ? 
  we know how easy you can sway public opinion even if it 's against the the peoples intrest . 
  so no . 
  bannon , trump and putin are enemies of the eu and should be treated like that . 
  yeah ... no . 
  one does not exclude the other . 
  it just means that the war on corruption have another front . 
  do n't be a dumbass . 
  i think you know better but got internet lazy . 
  seeing a tank with the bundeswehr insigna was a kind of a shock . 
  poor polacks must be shitting themselves . 
  i know i was when a couple of danes ambushed me in the 1 of 2 collection of trees in this forsaken blowhole named sk\u00e5ne . 
  i think far right neo nazi parties always seem to be under polled though . 
  i think mostly because people who normally is n't far right but dislike immigration so much that they wouls change their vote would n't admit it in a poll because of the social stigma . 
  the polls also tend to mostly focus on the population dense areas and not the rural as much . 
  most far right voters tend to be rural people with out any higher education . 
  but my dear kurwa ... you are the immigrant . 
  hold my sangria !, 
  i 'm comimg over !, 
  \u00c5 \u00c4 \u00d6 . 
  do you speak it motherfucker ? 
  yeah , reality is n't a disney land . 
  if we could save everybody , that would be great but we ca n't . 
  it would cost europe everything . 
  i think eu should move away from taking in refugees and focus on setting up un camps in nearby countries . 
  jordania for example could use the manpower aswell as the aid money . 
  it 's not that i do n't agree with you but i think it would be quite a backlash trying to remove some peoples right ti vote . 
  i guess you could force people to renounce their dual citizenship in order to be able to vote . 
  but even that is a huge step for a country whom always have the eyes of the world opon them , looking for the slightest nudge to the right and screaming bloody murder if they ever see it . 
  i keep wondering if the police and millitary actully is as backwards and retarded as their leaders or if they 're just so spinless that only their rifles can hold them upright .
