  they were also the only political party not 200 pro immigration/white genocide . 
  which is how the last 20 years have felt like . 
  not just for me but for a lot of people in the urban south . 
  do n't get me wrong , sweden is still one of the best places on the world to live but there have been changes and increased insecurity . 
  lots if not all if it is caused by the mass exodus and the last 8 years of right wing goverment which caused a drawback in social security and goverment owned infrastructure being privatized and decreasing in quality and increasing in costs . 
  sd is now in talks with the largest right block party about creating an alliance . 
  sd have been the only party to even touch the immigration policy untill recently which is why the reached 12.9 % of the votes last election . 
  there have been criminal investigations about assaults among the top figures of sd . 
  recently a core member of the party had to resign , i ca n't quite recall at the moment but i think it was over russian ties and russian money transfers into the party which is a big no go among the nordic and baltic countries . 
  the ruling party s or socialdemocrats for long recently went against the schengen agreement and eu to establish a border control here in the south because of tons of unregistered immigrants came enmasse at the start of the syrian war . 
  mostly to force them to register for asylum and get tracked rather than going underground and go into crime . 
  the control it self was n't ment to reduce the incoming amounts of immigrants but it did and the control have been prolonged and get extended every time it 's time for a vote about it all this combined with brexit , the rise of the british fascism ( polie state ) trumps aboslutely horrible rule of the whitehouse , trumps anti-eu agenda , russian cocksucking , le pen being alive and well in france and the russian agression in the east keeps me so far away from the political right that i 'm going full circle . 
  bernie and everyone of his supporters gave birth of a little hope for the future . 
  seeing the european union in action right now , making laws for the people , not big business makes me happy . 
  canada speaking warmly about us warms me even though i 'm sceptical about the new trade agreement . 
  all those things that sd wants to abolish because of brown people . 
  i just ca n't vote for them because i 've seen what it leads to . 
  it 's funny that everytime there is a post positive about scotland staying in the eu as their own country , an angry and bitter briton comes kicking amd screaming . 
  i find it funny how you voted to leave the eu and then deny others to leave the uk . 
  the anglosphere have been pretty much a police state since the 90 's . 
  i would n't even think of moving to uk , us or aus . 
  another malm\u00f6 dweller here . 
  people really fail to mention that most of the problems in sweden is from imported organized crime . 
  lots of normal immigrants gets stuck in the drugs too . 
  it 's neither safe or unsafe right now . 
  i would say it 's helluva lot safer than the us for one . 
  safer than majority of europe too perhaps . 
  by swedish standard ? 
  the aboslute worst place to be . 
  not trying to selfpromote but sweden got a booming millitary tech industry that 's ready to expand . 
  i can only imagen that lots of other eu countries have the same . 
  there is no need to rely on us tech . 
  i 'm pretty outspoken about being anti-feminism but seriously , this is fucking rediculous . 
  people know nothing about international relationships and diplomacy . 
  being feminist should make you against islamic views on women , yes but as it 's a very leftist movement it 's often crossed with culturalmaxism . 
  people tend to forget that they went as women either way . 
  met the cavemen half way . 
  i think that 's strong . 
  i would n't go further south than italy if i were a woman . 
  this is just more alt-nazis trying to spam reddit with shit articles . 
  i think we need to work with the states with have right now before taking on more but yeah . 
  it would be great to let even more countries join . 
  funny enough , you started your own stupid circlejerk . 
  also , do n't be so be so damn pissy about people wanting to give scotland a second chance . 
  we wanted the whole uk to stay but fucked that up . 
  i get that the immigration issue is a hot topic and is a great consern and weight on the social security western europe has but voting for someone who wants to destroy everything that makes the west and france as great as it is ? 
  really ? 
  that 's the absolutely the single dumbest and most retarded thing anyone can do . 
  no it 's not very reasonable just because it caters to your opinion . 
  moat western nations have reported attempts from russia to manipulate their population either by economic attacks or by opinion news . 
  sweden catch russian spies doing corprate espionage on a yearly basis for instance . 
  if mist western nations report the same thing , is it still a lie ? 
  also , i remember that the us have been plauged by numerous leaks the last 10-20 years . 
  whistleblowers and wikileaks have been up their arse . 
  why would n't there be whisleblowers from russia ? 
  it 's healthy to question but you have to look at the sources . 
  it 's like science . 
  if a large enough number of countries/scientists report the same finding , consider it peer reviewed . 
  i 'm not really sure what you are on about but part of having eastern european countries in the eu should be to bring them into 2017 and make them equal to western europe . 
  i 'm glad that they 're no longer part of the failed state russia/ussr but they are still part of it mentally . 
  that 's a problem if we want a united eu . 
  the balkans on the otherhand needs a millitary intervention . 
  i have no hope for those guys . 
   i see it as a dysfunctional group of children . 
  i see the eu as a joke yeah ... no ... an enemy . 
  still . 
   ... but instead of becoming stronger , the eu is fixated with trump while russia invades from the east . 
  ... a convenient distraction from its own failure . 
  you have no idea what 's going in europe or the us right now . 
  you have absolutely no idea how trump affects the eu and what part of the economy russia serves . 
   ... and just so you understand my motivation here : it is n't because i dislike europe - i still consider myself part european ( my parents were born there ) . 
  my current anger with europe is my disappointment in their failure face their problems . 
  europe is going to learn some painful problems in the next few years . 
  hopefully it will emerge stronger . 
  suffer for your amusement ? 
  you 're not european . 
  your parents my be but you 're not . 
  and what problems ? 
  the one created by migrants exploiting the system ? 
  the russians threatning the eastern states ? 
  trumps plan to disolve the eu ? 
  i do n't think you get to talk about the any problems . 
  the union was created 23 years ago . 
  it 's young and was n't created to be what it is today . 
  it has 28 member countries and keeps growing . 
  every country comes with a diffrent history , diffrent economy and diffrent politics . 
  do you think things move quickly in a demcracy that big and complex ? 
  yes , i wish we did n't have to rush thing as we have to right now . 
  nato was ment to protect the west . 
  i wish everyone would pull their weight but they do n't . 
  trump/putin wants to dissolve nato yesterday . 
  eu would be able to raise a defense force in 5 to 10 years if we got a heads up which we did n't . 
  you talk about it as a failure because you want it to fail . 
  you do n't . 
  that 's why we here in the west learn to check more than 1 source . 
  which we have unlike russia and china that is under state control . 
  remember to always check other news sources . 
  in your country and outside . 
  really this . 
  what 's the options ?
