  people like you really need to read up on the definition . 
  because if you think venezuela is socialist , then what is the nordics ? 
  another failed socialist state ? 
  i love how these threads always gets flooded by otherwise passive uk posters that only seems to be screaming idiotic stuff . 
  i 'm too glad the rich is making a short term profit because of the low pound value but it 's not going to benefit your avarage nigle in any way . 
  i 've scrolled from top to bottom and i 've seen just a few comments speaking for the ban . 
  i find the biggest problem here to be that there 's no debate . 
  just random screaming about the comment section being fucked up . 
  i just hope someone with an insight from `` the other side '' could explain what 's appealing about going to a gym with such policy and how it would be good for society if more gym followed suit . 
  i 'm a lefty so i might be biased but annie l\u00f6\u00f6f is both more influensial and charismatic than batra despite leading the biggest opposition party . 
  then again . 
  i just want to see a liberal at the wheel rather than a rabid oppisition that just want to undo social reforms . 
  i find it pretty sad to see op down voted and the comment section filled with shills . 
  especially one with a tag of my own county . 
  i highly doubt that reuters , one of the worlds most respected news outlets would lie about this . 
  even more , the whole western world and more is reporting interference tracing back to russia . 
  it must be fake news right ? 
  anyhow . 
  using facebook to phish is n't strange . 
  it would be the second most effective way to go besides a direct attack on macrons own computer . 
  using facebook to spy would use the same idea as spreading viruses over the old msn/icq using malware links . 
  what this article lacks so far is confirmation of the sources . 
  i 'm not supprised though . 
  revealing the sources could be leathal . 
  it 's absolutely hypocritical to take one and denounce the other amd it 's the reason we need eu law to force companies hiring easter european workforces to pay them domestic wages . 
  we also need to consider what and whom that is allowed to cross into eu when some countries abuse antibiotics like they abuse their wives . 
  recistant bacteria is n't a joking matter . 
  lots whine with no debate from you . 
  once the us gets a health standard that 's on par eus , there 's trade to be done . 
  how is that diffrent from now ? 
  sweden is over 100 miles long . 
  it 's 60 miles from me to stockholm . 
  god knows those fuckers is out of touch with the rest of the world but we still vote in the same election . 
  from south to north , there 's a huge range of people , economies and languages , everyone needs diffrent things but we still vote in the same election . 
  i feel that it 's just about being afraid of change and the future . 
  i 'm not gon na steal your shit . 
  are you gon na steal mine ? 
  i 'll never quite understand the issue of globalisation . 
  it has happened many times before . 
  cultures , nations and languages changes with time . 
  instead of being shitty county with no prosperity , you 're now part of a nation with lots of wealth . 
  if the nation instead would turn into a federation like eu , would it be diffrent ? 
  unless you live in a nation of fewer than 5 million , your voting power would n't change very much . 
  there 's still state right \u00e0 la muurica to be discussed . 
  you dumb fucks . 
  save the polish from the facists again . 
  i mean , i like poland more than those other 2 . 
  poland is friend . 
  poland is eu . 
  russia is war and spreading facism . 
  china is pollution , overpopulation and bad manner . 
  poland is nice people and cheap alcohol . 
  more power to poland . 
  the `` muslim will take over the west '' attitude has been known by anyone paying attention for years . 
  it 's done be the victim card , welfare and out breeding . 
  i 'm not judging the individual here as i wish i could . 
  it 's a common attitude and tactic used largely among mena immigrants . 
  and the future is scary right ? 
  it 's scary to do something with friends ? 
  i feel nothing but sorry for you . 
  i think this is important and people really need to understand that left and right does n't matter when it comes to extremism . 
  hooligans and terrorists does the same thing no matter colour or creed . 
  unlike my kind , huh ? 
  you mean my kind that take in your kind that 's trying to flee that `` great '' civilization of yours ? 
  i doubt that overthrowing democracy was part of their campaign promise . 
  i get that they 're elected but i seriously doubt that they 're elected because of that . 
  also , that 's a dumb fucking sentiment . 
  just because they 're the leading party does n't mean that they wield absolute power . 
  your spine must be soft as hell . 
  get involved . 
  call or mail a guy . 
  start there . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  must be awful being such a stupid lot to sell yourself as slaves . 
  sit down and be quiet . 
  i take it that you 're an idiot brexiteer and you just called me a mongol because i 'm swedish . 
  fucking great . 
  you are a piece of trash racist cunt that ca n't even argue your point so you go into racism . 
  i wonder if someone predicted brexiteer to be racists pieces of shits ?!, 
  and i feel that you 're dumb . 
  instead of taking the problem to the parlament so that e.europeans have to work for uk union pay , you pack your shit and leave . 
  seriously . 
  no mate . 
  just no . 
  it 's nothing but racism . 
  even from you you dang weapon . 
  i still feel that the only reason fot brexit is due to brown people . 
  it seems to be the core and only issue . 
  i know nothing about him but the fact that he looks like the cool version of bilbo makes me love him . 
  you 'll always have brexiteers and trumpets lurking the sub to just pop into these kind off threads . 
  never the pro eu or here-europe threads . 
  hell bent on being toxic . 
  well this is pretty stupid . 
  it 's the old communist party and the greens ( which is pretty much the same ) trying to get some focus by abusing a loophole in the laws . 
  eggoturd is a pretty shitty human but i do n't think there 's currently any genocide going on . 
  one could consider that a bad thing but truth is ; fewer options , less thinking . 
  less thinking , few grass fires . 
  capitalist market is n't for the danes . 
  is n't that anarchism ? 
  which should be om same spectrum as the libitarians ?
