  i 'm not sure that they are left in nature . 
  they sound like liberals to me . 
  ah yes . 
  poor you . 
  must have suffered so much under the free trade and movement agreements that is eu . 
  you must have been so abused that your whole economy took a dive into the abyss ... your sovereignity that you had to fight so hard for despite never losing it . 
  you 're just so full of clich\u00e9s . 
  i really hate how alike you and the trump supporters really are . 
  i 'm glad the uk is getting their agreements set up quickly so things can go a bit smoother but i hope that you personally gets shafted . 
  these posts are always filed with brexiteers and trumptards kicking and screaming about how they 've genocided all their strawmen . 
  i find them very vain and it 's starting to get really boring . 
  we 'll get there soon enough . 
  i feels like the west often forget the horribel acts of the ussr during and after ww2 . 
  we often talk long and loud about the nazis but i feel that the russians get away way too easy . 
  i 'm glad that we managed to keep finland away from soviet hands . 
  sadly , a large part of europe did n't fare so well . 
  i really hate how the dumbest lot of american political slurs keeps seeping into european . 
  antifa is n't `` leftists '' or `` leeebruuuls !!! '' . 
  they are thugs and theives that use pollitics as a tool and means for easy looting . 
  they are just as much facist as neonazis . 
  they scilence those who disagree with violence . 
  nothing about them is left . 
  pershaps anarchism but that 's full on far right if i recall correctly . 
  no goverment and no state . 
  and lastly because i have to day it again and again . 
  even as a `` leftist '' and `` leeebruuul !!!, 
  '' , antifa is human garbage and have no support from anyone above 18 , anyone who has a job , anyone who owns property or actully is on the left side of the political spectrum . 
  you wo n't get banned for your views . 
  this might be the sub with the best mods on all of reddit . 
  as long as you can argue for your opinions , i do n't think you 'd be downvoted either . 
  it 's important not to look like one of the trolls so use some nice and cleaver rethorics . 
  all in all . 
  what views do you hold that you 're afraid to be banned for ? 
  i could use a litte fuel myself . 
  i 'm sorry i ca n't give you a proper reply . 
  everything about you pisses me off on a personal level so i 'd rather abstain from commenting than go on a foulmothed rant . 
  so where do you draw the line ? 
  does your moral allow animals to be killed for food ? 
  is bacteria a life ? 
  is a sperm or an egg a human ? 
  in all honesty , an abortion is n't mandatory nor is it an alternative to a condom or the pill . 
  no one is getting an abortion because it 's fun . 
  i love their diesel engines but the future ca n't wait . 
  i hope the rest of europes car makes takes notes . 
  odin bless these steel wagons . 
  yeah i do n't know why they 're doing shit like this . 
  it 's distasteful and it only panders to the racist losers that does n't go to these festivals either way . 
  just a swede popping in . 
  this claim is bullcrap . 
  they 're broke as fuck and want to go out with style . 
  the thing is , there 's always been reports of sexual assaults in all and every festival around the world . 
  sweden is no diffrent . 
  i always laugh at things like this . 
  here 's a giant poster with my ugly face on it so let me till you avout the monster in my closet . 
  do really hungarians not find this extremely pathetic ? 
  i 've been on reddit about as long as you but not that long on this sub but i know how you feel . 
  i remember the great sweden yes wave and blanda upp meme . 
  it 's quite tiering seeing the same shit everytime . 
  thous my advice to just stay away completely . 
  i might have come of as mean spirited by it was in good intention . 
  just keep in mind that people love shitting on others even if it 's a hyperbole or outright lie . 
  there 's lots to be said about turkey and erdofuck but you 're far from the only european/american country shitting in their own bed . 
  they love the distraction so they do n't have to care about their own shit . 
  just keep in mind that were all friends here and we miss just as sad over turkey and the turks slipping away as we are over uk leaving . 
  not all harsh comments are done with malice . 
  perhaps you should stay away completely if 1 users dumb comment triggers your so profoundly . 
  everyone is pissing on the dumb shit and you get your nickers in a twist . 
  chill out a bit . 
  eggoturd might be the great cancer that divides turkey from its wester allies but i doubt anything will come from it other than that you will have to play ball with the middle eastern countries . 
  in all honesty , just shut it down . 
  there 's no plan for all this shit . 
  there 's no end game . 
  they just keep coming and the greek and italian navals get no help at all . 
  i find your comment quite pathetic . 
  ate you this pathetic irl too ? 
  you honestly know nothing about either politics nor economy . 
  no wonder you support le penis . 
  it 's whataboutism in its prime enviorment . 
  pizza nation ca n't make cool stuff because firecracker nation did a thing once . 
  for reasons unknown , it 's eurocentrism because a cool thing happened in europe . 
  we 've extradited with out legal means before . 
  a law is only an agreement . 
  any agreement can be broken and the illusion of human rights can be maintained if no one sees you breaking it . 
  i belive assange did the right thing by staying away . 
  please do n't make it weird . 
  very much . 
  i think this is a great argumemt . 
  the only reason for cutting baby dicks is cattle branding . 
  be a part of the herd . 
  that makes me wonder if they 'd stop if everyone else was doing it . 
  fucking dumb lot . 
  i 'll try to speak for denmark as well as can as a swede . 
  there 's a very narrow strait just between the city of copenhagen and the swedish city of malm\u00f6 where lots of trade trafic from the baltic sea passes through to the atlantic . 
  denmark also consists of a couple of large islands divided by a couple of small waterways . 
  they have 2 major bridges connecting the larger islands , `` small '' and `` large '' belt . 
  both which is very important for the trafic on land and to sea . 
  both leads to the baltic sea and the north west of germany . 
  denmark , just as sweden and the rest of the nordics is n't very highly populated . 
  i think demarks population right now is either 5 or 6 million . 
  half of new york city 's population .
