use the savings and you think the subsidies the eu pays out will not be just immediately swallowed by some other giant bureaucratic bottomless money pit ? 
  sadly , this money will not be not collected from the people but be viewed as freed up to be spend by the eu . 
  that 's how every government budget works . 
  it 's not `` oh , we have 40 milliards left , we can rob them less next year '' , it 's `` oh , we have spend 40 milliards too little '' edit : to clarify in order to prevent misunderstandings . 
  i 'm not against cutting these subsidies at all . 
  cut them all . 
  i 'm just saying that it 's unlikely to come with an equal cut in taxes as well . 
  government knows only one direction in which to grow . 
   latin is the proto-language of romance languages , it is not a proto-language in the way pie is no , it is an attested proto-language unlike pie . 
  which is my whole point , not every proto-language is reconstructed . 
  exactly . 
  you can guess what i think of such laws . 
  i do n't have german citizenship and am still more german than them . 
  being german involves your blood and culture to be german , it 's not a document . 
  i looked up the wikipedia article on proto languages and it says latin is a proto language, 
  your definition is wrong , if latin would not be attested and went extinct you would be happy to call it proto language . 
  just because something is usually the case does not make it a normative trait of a category . 
  i propose to you a more sensible definition of a proto language , namely the last common ancestor of a language family . 
  no , at that point `` zwo '' was not in use anymore . 
  they did in fact invent it again . 
  and latin is the protolanguage to church latin , italian and other romance languages . 
  it 's a false cognate and not related . 
  the present day `` zwo '' is not taken from the archaic grammatical `` zwo '' and not specific to southern germany but can be found everywhere . 
  but unrelated to the present day `` zwo '' . 
  which is neither a southern german thing , ( that would be zw\u00e5a / zwa in bavarian ) and is found allover germany , nor has anything to-do with the grammatically almost extinct `` zwo '' . 
  zwo is a military/technical thing and found it 's way in common language through that but has nothing to-do with southern german dialect . 
  paliwood tactics . 
  imagery is a strong weapon , the whole arab world knows that . 
  they try to get favorable pictures in the media . 
  `` dead children '' might not be the right motive for gullible journalists right now , but they have a whole day to pose for the cameras . 
  and why should the eu as a whole not allow it ? 
  why should it be impossible . 
  ireland and uk have good reasons to keep the border open and trade going . 
  it 's mere formality to continue with the status quo . 
  sure , much easier to make your opponent up as some derailed sociopath . 
  unless you are talking about trolls i doubt there are people seriously welcoming this tragedy . 
  everyone has a nearest castle ... 
  and these people are numerous enough in all populations to have caused countless genocides and wars . 
  they will continue to exist and racial conflicts will only increase with increased diversity . 
  all for what ? 
  a failed utopian fantasy of multi c\u00fclti rainbow societies ? 
  great, 
  refugees only or regular migration included ? 
  and even the minor differences within our own race caused so much trouble and division . 
  now imagine horde of foreign race people , with an entirely different religion and culture who are never able to blend into the native population due to their different looks . 
  how is this experiment not doomed for bloody failure from the get go ? 
  are we really that arrogant to believe that we solved ethnic conflict with diversity classes and feel good speak ? 
  remember the boston bombing and how the younger brother successfully hid under a boat tarp ? 
  despite the city being on lock down ? 
  it was the blood stains and the owner of the boat who discovered him . 
  not the entire bostonian fleet of police helicopters . 
  i 'm not that old and a tech guy and we still call it klammeraffe . 
  not when pronouncing emails but when talking about the symbol specifically , it 's either klammeraffe or '' \u00e4t-zeichen '' . 
   if only , at / r/vexillology [ 1 ] they showed the colors actually predated that battle . 
  did they ? 
  do you have a link ? 
  i mean i 'm sure the story is most likely anachronistically but at least i always was under the impression that the true origin was unclear and thus that the story hypothetically could be true since no counter evidence can contradict it . 
  do n't know about the us . 
  but a lot of mexicans in mexico do hate americans ( or whites which is the same for many ) . 
  it was quite scary . 
  in his eyes they were traitors , for someone like him a traitor is worse than the enemy . 
   taxes are involuntary in nature , too , but i do n't see them complaining about those . 
  i bet a good chunk of these people are anarchists who do not believe in taxes either . 
   if you want to live in a functioning society , you have to pay for it with . 
  i agree , but why does it have to be involuntarily ? 
  maybe they are just opposed to the involuntary nature of these institution ? 
  why not have a system that allows for men to make their own choices instead of forced labor and servitude for half of the healthy population ? 
  great idea by the politburo of [ / r/euro \u0421\u0421\u0421\u0420e ] ( http://reddit.com/r/europe ) . 
  the most urgent topic for many of us and they hide it away by censoring all posts on it . 
  and do n't tell me they do not have time for not updating here . 
  they have enough time to delete and ban left and right . 
  but there are alternatives thankfully . 
  but austria is german, 
   also am quite confused about me apparently talking `` westmittlboarisch '' although heading further east from where i am , there is no more bavaria . 
  just 8 km south from where i live , bavaria ends , but that 's where they start talking `` sidmittlboarisch '' . 
  it references to the entire bavarian language region in which you are in the west . 
  in german if you are referencing to the dialect as a whole the convention is to write it as `` bairisch '' with an `` i '' while when referencing to the state bavaria alone , you write it as `` bayrisch '' or `` bayerisch '', 
  it was n't called the `` gro\u00dfdeutsche '' solution for no reason . 
  historically and genetically austrians are germans . 
  a separate ethnic idenity only emerged after wwii as a reaction to the horrors of that war . 
  even the name of austria should give you the hint . 
  it was the eastern realm or borderland of bavaria before it became it 's own entity as duchy in ~ 1100 . 
  i pruposfully did not say stem because there are countless of non stem fields who are very useful and practical and quite a bit of stem fields which are useless for the job market and will land you nowhere . 
  yes , most parts of austria speak a variance of the bavarian dialect ( `` bairisch '' or '' [ boarisch ] ( https://bar.wikipedia.org/wiki/boarisch ) '' in bavarian ) . 
  including the whole of tyrol . 
  so i have to tell you that you are speaking bairisch unless you are an ethnic italian or ladin speaker who does not speak german . 
  regardless of historical animosities you might hold against the state bavaria . 
  to know why , you have to know austrian and bavarian history and how a germanic tribe calle '' [ bajuwaren ] ( https://bar.wikipedia.org/wiki/bajuwarn ) '' settled here . 
  perspective , 
  i got it from the fp\u00d6 site and posted it on / int / back in the days . 
  so there is a good chance it was circulated there . 
  but it 's genuine . 
  i doubt you 'd find one : /, 
  i 'd buy gold or bitcoins :p . 
  at least you once had a job as model : [ better : our money for our people ! ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7ha0qfe.jpg ) . 
  a magnitude more work ethics than the rest of you . 
  too lazy to riot . 
  camps are a good way to detain lots of people who are not fit to function in society . 
  send them back when they want or when the war is over . 
  yes , please ignore my main argument and mix in positions i do not hold to build up your case .
