  why would they do that ? 
  the public opinion in france in center left except on some thing : islam mainly . 
  in / r/france it 's the same . 
  as for french poster in / r/europe i do n't see many . 
  how dare the nordic country threat their prisoners decently . 
  nobody is going to deport your children . 
  / r/europe upvote a marxist gon na screen that, 
  `` criminally '' how so ? 
  the better way to make people understand you is to kill random innocent people fucking bastard . 
  i do n't see how they violate the treaty ? 
  source on the rape statistics ? 
  brought to you by the `` socialist '' party . 
  really too bad mediapart is behind paywall they have a good article on that . 
  i 'm seeing the racist already blaming it on the refugee . 
  the director did that by himself not because some refugee rape a student . 
  nowadays communist in europe ( except in russia ) are democrat socialist . 
  they do n't believe in the dictatorship of the proletariat or to a vanguard party anymore . 
  `` dress codes now recommended in bavaria are guided by the norms of the middle eastern societies '' it was 1 fucking school not all bavaria . 
  stupid move from the school . 
  the student should be able to dress freely . 
  he talk like muslim ca n't control themselves if they see a woman in bikini . 
  mesure to prevent rape ? 
  nothng excuse rape even if the girl was naked in the fucking street it do n't excuse it . 
  why would the european lives be `` erased '' ? 
  funny how they complained about ump and ps being corrupt but they are not better . 
  then where is lenin ? 
  i ca n't even . 
  these people expect backward country ( in term of human right . ), 
  to help refugee . 
  yeah long lives the dictator . 
  conservative gulf country do n't life foreigners who would 've thought . 
  if only someone had the number of isis . 
  yeah by harming people with child and kicking children in the legs . 
  they beat up native population in france ? 
  do you have some article . 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  where ? 
  name is ziofascist apparently hate muslim https://img.4plebs.org/boards/pol/image/1387/47/1387479671181.png, 
  the muslim could vote far left , social democrat , conservative . 
  they are not a single entity . 
  maybe she is a lizard after all . 
  you post sounded like `` bullying happened it 's life we ca n't do anything about it . '', 
  sorry if i misinterpreted, 
  getting bullied is part of `` growing up '' ? 
  you have no ideas how bullying can hurt you . 
  it can push you to suicide in extrem case . 
  i do n't understand german can you give us a quick translation ? 
  when you got bullied you got bullied because you are shy , weirds , fat etc . 
  again how do you know he is a migrant ? 
  what the fuck how do you know he is attacked for being german ? 
  did you just link marxist.com on / r/europe you 're gon na have a bad time . 
  because karl marx , lenin , trotsky are black maybe ? 
  page not found . 
  have you never seen kids getting bullied ? 
  yeah it 's horrible . 
  but i do n't see the racism in that . 
  how you know that he is a migrant . 
  he could be a citizen . 
  they seem to know the poor kids . 
  no we talk about how a lot of french collaborate with the nazi . 
  `` it 's like the roman who say to the barbarian `` come to fuck my sister '' '' . 
  i do n't think everyday but yeah it happened a lot . 
  i think the german and sweden people are good for now . 
  if a german or sweden will confirm . 
  because you think the refugee will not send their children to school . or they will not try to learn by themselves or with the help of germany . 
  my post was removed :( gib karma greece . 
  breaking news : the gulf states are scum . 
  racist , nazi , xenophobic or brownshirt is not a insult , trash is . 
  so refugee actually seek better life apart from camp what a surprise . 
  none of the terrorist attack these past month was the doing of refugee . 
  yeah it 's a shitty situation in the island hopefully with more boat from greece it will lesser the burden on this island . 
  oh my god he stopped drawing muhammad because he was tired of it . 
  not because some law forbide him to do so . 
  charlie hebdo do other thing apart from the muhammad thing . 
  if you want people who critisize islam search : eric zemmour , michel houellbeq and alain finklekraut . 
  these people do n't learn from history . 
  i just hope they are angry american and not actual european . 
  `` how dare the mods silence people who call other people trash '', 
  so you judge all these people as trash because some of them write a angry message . 
  i do n't see any : we talk about the 2nd world war , the colonization , the slave trade . 
  maybe some thing with the kanaks, 
  `` the savage '' ? 
  they are stuck in a island with horrible living condition . 
  ca n't you understand that they are angry . 
  frustrated refugee stuck in one island in greece write `` we will destroy this island '' , how scary / s, 
  pkk murdered turkish soldier . 
  so some people are angry and attack people they see as the same . 
  ok i try to watch but when they say criticize islam is punish by law in france i ca n't continue it 's not true . 
  in the french media people criticize islam everytime . 
  yeah refugee , human being are comparable to trash ? 
  you are disgusting . 
  they are the one who posted `` why america military must be strong '' or `` feminism vs truth '' right ? 
  then no thanks, 
  no shit the police charge at them and you detain them . 
  southern and north african = / = muslim, 
  so you believe most of the refugee come to europe to kill you ? 
  they have 5 % of muslim . 
  far away from a muslim country . 
  these people come for a better life . 
  they do n't come to slaughter you .
