  we only welcome 500 syrian refugee . 
  and there is a lot of them who speak english but not french . 
  kurds are being opressed in turkey but there is no ways close to the rohingyas . 
  because some turks are representative of all turks in germany ? 
  if they were born in germany theirs home is germany, 
  tell me what value do the kurds do n't shrare with european ? 
  you ca n't deport people who have german citizenships . 
  conservative and socialist fighting do n't sound german to you ? 
  i wonder why they do n't want to stay in your country . 
  i do n't know nothing ? you mean with the economy or with the political landscape ? 
  what is the stereotype other that we stink , we always complain , we are on strike everyday and we are rude ? 
  you did n't have problem with the turk why would you have problem with the syrian ? 
  why motivate the natives if they do n't want to make babies let them that 's why immigration exists . 
  `` bavaria '' reddit stereotype check out . 
  why it 's not acceptable to jail people who want to go to a country where they will get a better condition of living and will be 100 % sure to get asylum ? 
  yeah so not a genocide . 
  it 's not like some bad guy mastermind want to send refugee to europe . 
  they come because there is war in theirs country and they want a better lives . 
  the indigenous people of europe are not being victim of genocide . 
  and whose culture is being replace ? 
  even if the boats departed on libya the governement will not accepts them . 
  it 's not a genocide http://www.un.org/law/icc/index.html . 
  culture change , it do n't stay the same for 1000 years . 
  if these people do n't tell you where they are from how do you know ? 
  the alternative is to let them die on the boat ? 
  yes if hungary let the refugee pass europe will be destroyed . 
  speak for yourself . 
  it 's not like there is boko haram in nigeria . 
  they probably know people in germany and germany has more work than country like greece serbia macedonia . 
  merkel when did everything went so smug, 
  you forgot telesur but it 's not one state so i guess that 's why . 
  but it 's really well done good job . 
  lenin : do n't worship me * lenin dies * stalin : lets build a lot of statue of lenin xaxaxaxaxa, 
  i 'm sure you run from a country in war and cross the sea in a shitty boat . 
  i was talking about theirs position in the political spectrum . 
  rt/cctv/press tv are conservative while telesur is pretty leftist . 
  yes of course the guardian say a lot of shitty thing especially about venezuela . 
  the problem with state media is that they will never talk badly about the country they are from . 
  rt will never talk badly of russia etc. 
  i do n't like all the rt/cctv/presstv . 
  and i 'm really happy telesur are not like these media . 
  you lock people who come from far away who are tired . 
  i wonder why would they be angry ? 
  what ? 
  who tell you i read the murdoch press ? 
  i read the guardian online and le monde diplomatique . 
  oh wait do n't tell me you are some sort of tankie who only read cctv and rt ? 
  when you talk about it accepting refugee sound like the end of the world . 
  they 're not welcome the same in greece/macedonia than in sweden/germany . 
  `` how day the guardian be human '', 
  i just looked his wikipedia page : `` one of korwin-mikke 's particular opinions that raised public attention is denying the sensibility of women 's suffrage ( arguing that most women were not interested in politics anyway , and would more often vote for a welfare state . 
  [ 16 ] ) he also claims that women are generally less intelligent than men '' wow even at the national front they ca n't say thing like that . 
  and for what he says the refugee are running from war it 's normal they want the best country for them and their children . 
  the brown people are coming to rape you . 
  their fucking arguement did n't change in 100 years . 
  cctv is not the state chinese media ? 
  do you get that ? 
  i do n't say it was not legite i just wanted to say that most muslim who will see that they will just dismiss it . people do what they want with theirs religion, 
  because it link who talk about what the title say ? 
  war and the refugee crisis . 
  `` the progessive left '' by that do you mean the liberal left . 
  because anarchist and a lot of communist do n't like zizek and want to open the border . 
  and they are not the liberal left . 
  because you think islamic scholar all think the same ? 
  watching football is haram ? 
  go say that to the algerian or the morrocan . 
  in france we have these kind of people https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/indig%c3%a8nes_de_la_r%c3%a9publique but yeah nobody like them not the far left not the muslim nobody . 
  tell me what did you family did during the dictatorship ? 
  actually the reason is that they ar better welcome in sweden than in france or britain . 
  only 5 family did that . 
  you grand parent come to uruguay ? 
  you know what happened to the charr\u00faa ? 
  i 'm going to take a guess here . you have a italian flair did you or your family take asylum in italie during the dictatorship ? 
  my family did go to sweden and italia ; it would be hypocrite for me to be against the refugee . 
  if so now you are complaning about some refugee who want to go back to liban/turkye . 
  if these people think they have a better future there or in europe then let them leave and the source of the 5 family is el pays uruguay which is a very right wing newspaper . 
  ( could be wrong about that . ), 
  they ca n't it 's homosexuality if they fuck me they have to die after or i have or both . 
  that 's still not the same than forcing people into your home . 
  do you live with only people of your ethnic group ? 
  no being against the saudia is racist stop the strawman . 
  `` yeah let 's burn mosque that will show these terrorist '', 
  you compare a islamic kingdom with a secular democracy ? 
  yes but it would be better if they were not wahabist mosque . 
  remember one of the only country in europe who dare to oppose the saudia ? 
  sweden . 
  `` a fifth column is any group of people who undermine a larger group -- such as a nation or a besieged city -- from within '' saudi arabia are not in germany, 
  multiculturalism mean different culture that 's not what the saudia thrive for . 
  being againt saudia arabia is racist ? 
  how dellusional you are ? 
  `` europe colonised by muslims . '', 
  top kek mate . 
  yeah live in a islamic dictatorship with the death penalty for - drug traffick - witchcraft - homosexuality - stop believing in islam, 
  yeah do n't accept mosque funding from saudia arabia would be racist , nice strawman, 
  because they are islamic dictatorship, 
  and what are they doing ? 
  not in france they did n't leave . 
  yeah let 's compare germany a secular democracy with a islamic dictatoreships . 
  because europe is going to get destroyed ? 
  i do n't know in what country you live in but there are good chance you do n't met many arabs and blacks .
