boycotting the world cup in russia is an insane way to to further freeze the relations and unstabilizing the situation between russia and the west . 
  if this is about the top of fifa being corrupt , something out in the open for a long time , do you think boycotting an event in 3 years is the way to go ? 
  an event that like no other knows how to set aside differences in the world . 
  would it not be better to just wait until the arrested people talk , and blatter goes away . 
  that , or hold the boycott wc in russia , let them have their thing man . 
  there is a constant demonetization of putin , while he is just doing what 's in the best interest of russia . 
  do n't blame him for not being a bitch . 
  edit ; [ who called it !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/388krj/blatter_to_resign/ ), 
  its not about making the other look worse , its about showing the hypocrisy ... . 
  also ; mh17 stinks man . 
  on the day of the disaster i visited rconspiracy just for the heck of it . 
  the top comment was about previous flight 's of mh17 flying around the warzone trough the black sea . 
  this was shown with [ this site ] ( http://nl.flightaware.com/live/flight/mas17/history/20140716/1000z/eham/wmkk ) . 
  this was indeed strange , but even creepier ; when i wanted to show my mates 3 days later all the previous flights flew over the warzone . 
  i saw this with my own eyes and there is a clear difference in flying over the black sea or taking land . 
  when i asked in conspiracy someone had it capped here http://i.imgur.com/wys795q.png . 
  i heard there was a later claim that is was due to a thunder storm , i know mistakes are normal , but changing the site is not . 
  how can you tell an antonov from a boeing above 10 km ? 
  you ca n't . 
  and there should n't be any weapons anywhere if life is good ... 
  they are tough ... and how did the nato know ? 
  i do n't know , satellite ? 
  general breedlove did say so in a briefing . 
  yeah i understand , it entirely depends on the situation ... 
  but about mh17 , we take one simple principle ... 
  when there is a armed conflict going on somewhere ; civilian planes fly around them warzones . 
  this is an principle civ planes always follow . 
  if mh17 and the people responsible would have followed this logical protocol ... 10 aircraft were shot down above ukraine already ... wtf, 
  when a us gunship mows down a bunch of civilians because they tough they were at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  whose mistake is that ? 
  mh17 should have never been at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
  a sane mind could have prevented it . 
  i do not agree russia started this ... 
  the eu sparked an pro western revolution in ukraine with the help of far right extremists . 
  ukraine was a very important ally of russia . 
  ukraine was a line of defense aswell in front of the hardly defendeble russian flatland . 
  all russia did with the krim after it saw its neighbor defect was getting back the lawnmower ukraine borrowed in 1954 that was still in his shed . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1954_transfer_of_crimea they are still fighting for the parking spot with the russian speaking part of ukraine, 
  i do n't get the 10km ... it gets me emotional , i just do n't understand how people thought it would be fine . 
  55 years ago the russians were able to shoot down that u2 spyplane ... at 21 fucking km ... how would 10 km be safe !?? 
  the nato knew about heavy aa, 
  32,000 ft is fucking bullshit when the russians are able to shoot down u2 spyplane at 70,000 ft. . . 55 fucking years ago ... and i am not only blaming malaysians ... at most kiev , klm and the dutch government whose diplomats heard about heavy aa , nothing was done with the warning . ], 
  not like blaming a rape victim , like blaming a school principle whose idea it was to make the schoolbus cross donetsk to save gas . 
  dont worry about it , she said , we make sure we stay enough steps away from the actual firefights . 
   `` and you are lynching negroes '' is that me n't cheesy ? 
  the world is not black & white you know ... 
  there is no good vs bad . 
  tread everybuddy accordingly, 
  maybe , according to international air protocol that plane should have never flown above an active war-zone . 
  thats like a pedestrian crossing a highway and blaming the car when he gets hit . 
  getting arms into a conflict zone to a specific side is also something other western nations are n't too afraid of . 
  but sanctions would be fair i guess , lets go with the ones the us got for killing 290 civilians with flight 655, 
  there were other people responsible for the disaster of mh17 . 
  it is protocol to avoid conflict zones . 
  about 17 aircraft were shot down above that area days before . 
  thats like flying airforce one above syria and then blaming them when it gets shot down ... what was mh17 doing above conflict zone anyway ? 
  why should we get along anyway ? / s, 
  what did russia do to deserve this , something other than what western country 's have never done ? 
  and what if the turnout is shit ? 
  we damage relations with russia and qatar continues ? 
  do n't boycott russia , boycott those cunts in qatar, 
  to prove hungary is mostly considered eastern europe, 
  yeah , because thats exactly what i said https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/3wl9ua/the_geographic_subregions_of_the_world_according/?ref=share&amp;ref_source=link here you go, 
  definitions vary ... saying hungry isnt eastern europe is just shit https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe, 
   funny how communism really fucked up the development of eastern europe . 
  this was the comment we were addressing, 
  we were talking about something happening in the past , so stfu, 
  if you critically examine the bible you turn atheist . 
  christians believe the bible is also the word of god . 
  im not talking about unions , im talking about welfare ... do you get that not everyone works in it ? 
  it also differs because the older people in charge see programming as sourcery . 
  when that generation goes into retirement , and the new one will deliver way more programmers than ours , you will be happy with the social constructs . 
  what industry do you work in and how does it differ from like the construction or restaurant industry ? 
  it did , but where would we be without the battle fought by laborers and unions ? 
  you have to agree that was a good thing ... now we need another one . 
  there is a large group of people able to eat only because of social welfare programs , that grew larger after ' 08 ... and another credit crisis is dawning, 
  capitalism has no future, 
  it was a joke , but you probably would n't get it, 
  [ may i walk the streets with these on in the name of freedom of clothes ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/pgvo2 ) do n't forget , unconditional respect towards immigrants will be misused eventually . 
  its them to disrespect the female gender . 
  islamic state, 
  can you tell me why they disrupt society if you compare them to citizens . 
  sources would be nice but are no must . 
  shure , but i argue they are not criminal solely due to their nationality , but because integration was a failure , and that ai n't their fault . 
  did you know they were brought here for cheap labour in the 60 's and 70 's ? 
  also , christian people from the antilles cause the most crime relatively here . 
  both groups you 're naming are dutch citizens . 
  the dutch government should treat its citizens well . 
  some point you 're also missing is that not anyone can enter the netherlands . 
  you ether come to work , be in life danger or marry someone . 
  on the matter of education ; its a shitshow currently . 
  much to be done about it . 
  [ there was a report published this week about it . 
  you consider rape to be several problems ? 
  i live near the city of rotterdam . 
  its mayor is maroccan . 
  he also got invited to the un security meeting last year for being outspoken on the issue of terrorism . 
  do you think the netherlands should have refused him because he 's from a rapist culture ?
