  this is the only correct part :  slovenia has around 50km coast croatia does n't want the entire coastline lol , that would be crazy . 
  [ here , read about it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/croatia%e2%80%93slovenia_border_disputes#sea_dispute ), 
  idk , i 've seen a couple of threads about it on / r/slovenia & / r/croatia and the tone was n't exactly super friendly ( on both sides at times admittedly ) . 
  but internet threads are never very representative of the general populace anyway . 
  czechoslovenia when ? 
  i do find the whole `` zlovenia '' meme quite odd , because all the croatians i 've interacted with are super chill and do n't really give a shit about those minor border squabbles ( neither do most slovenes tbh , its just seen as a political squabble when the average janez gets along just fine with the average stipe ) . 
  then again , these are istrian croatians who are generally awesomer than the rest . 
  and i 'm sure those couple of km of sea are n't exactly super vital to croatia 's coastline while we could use that international sea access . 
   do n't speak serbo-croatian i 'd say about half the population does , especially the ones who lived in the yugo times ( and the ones from there obviously ) . 
  the rest mostly understand it . 
   also not known but the amount of alcohol vapour that you find normally in a pub plays the same effect of second hand smoke . 
  you can be intoxicated also only by the alcohol vapour and fumes even if you do n't drink . 
  really ? 
  never noticed this . 
  any source ? 
  i believe by the second hand effects of alcohol he means : drunk drivers , drunk fights , drunk people falling asleep in the cold , alcohol intoxication , etc. 
  not only the person drinking can get hurt/die , but in the case of the first two examples , others can get hurt/die . 
  drink responsibly etc. 
  reportedly the p.e. 
  teacher saved quite a lot of lives by going back in the burning bus and dragging pupils out . 
  he has deep burns on his back . 
  send some snow to the coast pls, 
  well he lives and works there ( or worked anyway since he 's now fulltime youtube slav superstar ), 
  thanks to italian & balkan influence our food is n't only a copy of those things the poor germans/austrians eat . 
  i do n't think anyone outside the us gives a shit about `` tumblr & college gender politics '' , its just a meme . 
  what you say is of course true , but its not like the religions that came before were much better in that regard . 
  how many pagans were killed before the survivors accepted christianity ? 
  the lucky ones were convinced by missionaries . 
  the rest were given the sword as a choice . 
  and the bible also has quite a few passages that look quite badly nowadays . 
  just as the quran has a few good ones ( the whole religion of peace , make sure to give stuff to the poor , etc. ), 
  religions are just ideas , how they are implemented depends on the people following them . 
  sometimes you get good people sometimes you get bad people , its human nature not much you can do there . 
  yes, 
  while a more `` subtle '' way of getting people to follow their religion , it is certainly a step above the `` convert or we put a sword through your chest '' method a lot of christian kingdoms used . 
  i mean , technically bosniaks , serbs and croats were already divided by religion before the ottomans came . 
  generally speaking , serbs were orthodox , croats catholic and bosniaks were following their [ own offshoot of the catholic church ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bosnian_church ) , which is why ( according to my history teacher anyway ) they embraced islam much more compared to croats and serbs . 
  you dress warmly and do n't walk too close to the sea . 
  i think the strongest burja i 've experienced was 170 km/h . 
  guy has been around for a long time in politics ( mainly as foreign minister ) and has almost been in every party in slovenia . 
  and he was part of a jan\u0161a government which is a big no-no for my political views . 
  he 's also had his fair share of fuckups and scandals but which politician does n't ? 
  lastly and irrationally , his face seems like that of a friendly guy that will backstab you as soon as you turn around . 
  same in slovenian . 
  see we got it right , the guys between us felt the need to add more letters and change the meaning for some reason . 
  eh its from bosnia , you can probably buy half the store with a sheep and 3 old deutsche marks, 
  [ look how happy he is at the prospect ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2b/dimitrij-rupel.jpg/220px-dimitrij-rupel.jpg ), 
  oh shit they even got niko grafenauer to sign that , i remember reading a bunch of his poems in elementary school . 
  shame rupel 's signature sullies it a bit . 
  nah there 's quite a lot of us , i assure you . 
  easy way to learn ( serbian ) cyrillic at least . 
  the reconquista , sure . 
  baltic crusades and all the well known ones in the middle east tho ? 
  the latter is hardly europe . 
  could have probably also listed it as `` work '' considering like half of the construction workers here are from kosovo . 
  the rest are bosnian . 
  says age 25-64 in the image btw, 
  the history books already speak about the crimes of the nkvd and list their higher ups . 
  what advantage would there be to list every single employee and executioner ? 
  and if you 'd know their names , what would you do ? 
  torture some 80yo or harass his children or grandchildren , people who had nothing to do with it ? 
  making the names public would just open up their descendants to abuse , or worse . 
  we have an airforce ? 
  pay him in booze . 
  easy . 
  i was n't alive during tito 's period so i can not compare . 
  but i know plenty of people who have said this yes . 
  western slovenia is full of light yugonostalgics . 
  well , considering what happened some 10 odd years after his death , you will find plenty of people saying that . 
  no it is n't that . 
  i 'm not 100 % slovenian myself for that matter . 
  he just shitposts a lot taking serbia 's side in balkan flamewars or saying on r/slovenia that the seccession was illegal , etc. 
  and obviously takes pride in being a serb so why not oblige him . 
  without going into too much detail to avoid further shitstorms , let 's just say that neither side was really angelic . 
  tbh the only slovenian arguing is kontaktnicenter and that guy is a ) a serb living in slovenia/of serbian origin and b ) generally a massive retard, 
  that would imply bosnians can read . 
  italians drive like crazy but at least they know what they are doing . 
  y' all do n't . 
  no then they 'll flood even more our poor country roads , some untouched since franz jozef 's days . 
  and that never ends well . 
  that gave us spurdo and dolan so i 'd count it as another positive . 
  pls the balkans start at vienna , everybody knows that, 
  they already do every summer . 
  with their horrible driving skills . 
  we got lucky on the coast . 
  strong wind , huge menacing clouds , looked like the sky was going to fall yesterday . 
  then suddenly it all went away . 
  south , by the looks of it . 
  i imagine that hail must have done a number on the vineyards :( condolences for the poor grapes, 
  more like doping . 
  [ they 've been through some shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/do9nwev.jpg ), 
  from what i know , palm oil is more harmful than say butter , but not * that * much more . 
  like , eating a lot of butter is still harmful for you , because of the bad cholesterol production etc. 
  hell , most food eaten in too large amounts ( these vary by the type of food ) will kill you . 
  apples have cyanide in them , for one . 
   for our health it has about the same amount of saturated fats as butter , margarine etc. 
  it 's not olive oil but it 's not like it 's going to give you super-cancer either . 
   people from cruise liners pay nothing as they use their money on the ship . 
  they still spend money do n't be silly .
