  fake , there 's no fog . 
  its been all over italian facebook recently . 
   martin garrix [ animals si voooolaaaaaa diocaneeeeee ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cgmnoapy64e ), 
  ah so it was your camper blocking the road that one time . 
  yeah no wonder you thought there was italian influence there lol , the local dialects are all a mix of ita & slo . 
  depends where you were tbh . 
  west has a lot of italian influence , north has more german influence and the northeast has some hungarian influence , in general terms . 
  true in most slavic languages , but since we have a thing for being special snowflakes , grad just means castle over here . 
  they probably travelled faster tbh, 
  oh its still the first one ? 
  now that i think of it , we did start in 2nd grade of elementary school , while english was only in 5th grade . 
  thought it changed . 
  huh , i heard from a girl that attended gimnazija koper that you could choose not to have italian . 
  but this was years ago so i might be misremembering . 
  i attended the italian high school in koper so italian was kiiiinda obligatory for me :p, 
  we have an italian minority in our chunk of istra , remember ? 
  also italian is taught as a third language ( obligatory up to a certain point , you can swap it with german or french in high school iirc ) on the coastal region . 
  probably in nova gorica & surrounding area too . 
  and there 's all the italians from trieste who prefer to live in diva\u010da / se\u017eana because its cheaper . 
  in trieste there is both a serbian & a greek orthodox church dating to the 19th century , since those are two of the historical communities within the port city . 
  there 's also quite a few russians/ukranians . 
  you 'd really have to do your own research for more in-depth answers . 
  there 's only so much you can find out from reddit comments . 
  but by the time the teheran conference took place , the democratic movements were either part of the partisans , the collaborationists or faded into obscurity because of their inaction . 
  i never said it was to be ignored . 
  some of them committed war crimes . 
  i do n't think there 's a side that did n't in ww2 tbh but that does n't excuse it . 
   with that logic being under the soviet russia would have been fantastic !, 
  sure , bring that up when one of the first things i said was `` without the partisans we ( together with the rest of jugoslavia ) would have been just another ussr satellite state . '', 
  sure does sound that i 'd like us to have been another soviet republic , huh ? 
  but to answer your questions , i also respect the millions of russians who gave their lives to defeat the nazis . 
  sadly they were ruled by a dictator who was n't much better ( some would even say worse ) than uncle adi . 
  when you have someone like that in charge , bad shit is bound to happen . 
   not sure , there must have been a home grown movement in yougoslavia for democratic rule . 
  sure . 
  part of it fought with the partisans , but were a minority in the group and their voices did n't count enough ( or were made not to count if you catch my drift ) . 
  there were other movements but they were either non-violent ( and therefore became irrelevant as the war progressed ) or eventually opposed the partisans so much that they joined the collaborators . 
  as for the regime , it was ( from what the elders say ) pretty much like that . 
  not amazing , but better than the warsaw pact and with way more relaxed borders ( after a decade or so after ww2 ) . 
   and slovenes and croats in italian istria would have been safe . 
  they were n't exactly super safe in the first place , ever since mussolini came into power ( and even before that , the blackshirts were harassing and beating up people ), 
   in italy the anti communist rhetoric was still going strong well into the 2000s good old silvio 's `` i comunisti mangiano i bambini '', 
  yes but we are pretending to not be balkan so we ca n't really take over the coast the old-fashioned way . 
  also our 5 soldiers ( marko is currently on ~ ~ vacation ~ ~ * recon mission * in krk atm so i guess that makes it 4 ) apparently made you paranoid enough that you are thinking of reinstating mandatory military service , so yay us ? 
  treaty of trianon is the one that annoys the magyars `` revise trianon '' is both a meme and an actual demand among the hungarian right wing according to a couple magyar acquaintances of mine . 
  look man , just the fact that you put evil and partisans in the same sentence is troubling to me . 
  they were n't saints , and some of them definitely committed atrocities on the levels of the occupiers . 
  but for crying out loud , these are the people who gave their lives to free us from said occupiers . 
  and just for that they deserve to be remembered and respected . 
  should n't be , considering the amount of italians that fought together with them after the 8th of september 1943 . 
  and please , do n't mention the foibe or the 40 days because then i 'd have to start with the whole list of atrocities committed during the ventennio fascista in the slavic lands under zio benito 's control . 
  and nobody really wants to hear that . 
  both you & the other guy are conveniently forgetting that without the partisans we ( together with the rest of jugoslavia ) would have been just another ussr satellite state . 
  oh and they , you know , fought the nazis , fascists and other collaborationist scum that is somehow glorified today in some circles of our society . 
  as for the atrocities , there is no denying that they happened . 
  ww2 was n't exactly what you would call a `` clean '' war . 
  i do n't know why , but the tone of voice of the announcers from the italian fascist era is so hilarious to me . 
  they always finish on a strong note or emphasize the enemy ( serbs in this video ) with contempt . 
  better than the alternative . 
  i dare you to post a `` stray cats of vicenza '', 
  [ pretty much this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=much5x98rxg ), 
  ah so that 's where they collect all the bikes they 've stolen in the early '40s . 
  which is a brilliant piece of comedy/satire . 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nf9_h219zqu ) [ italian subtitles part 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=udlfwgrhlhu ) & [ part 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpbel6xuwco ) sadly i do n't know if there is an english subtitled version somewhere , [ only the international trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k_pv_xko4r0 ) , but even if there was , quite a lot of the jokes would get lost in translation . 
  it very rarely reaches those speeds in trieste tbh . 
  bora/burja/bura is strongest in the vipava valley ( slo ) and in some areas in dalmacija ( cro ) . 
  trieste 's 140 km/h peaks are laughable in comparison , especially given they are partly protected by the nearby hills . 
  more like ultrasmurfs amirite, 
   i was surprised that croatia felt like a mini-italy in comparison too . 
  if you went to the istrian part , no suprise there . 
   i was an erasmus student in trieste . 
  in retrospect we would have had a nicer time in ljubljana probably . 
  unless you like gloomy fog , probably not . 
  units has its issues , but its pretty fun and trieste has plenty of cool bars . 
  when were you there ? 
  we might have bumped into each other if it was in the last 3-4 years lol . 
  it is pretty nice , at night especially . 
  shame its also kinda dead then . 
  if an army is there however , it is n't facing the germans and maybe the marne offensive does succeed , the kaiser 's army walks in paris and all is indeed over by christmas . 
  what ifs , and all that . 
  so the austrian version of cadorna then . 
  if you went to koper you should have taken a trip to piran aswell . 
  peaceful af , especially outside of the tourist season . 
  either way , what did you think of the palm trees ? 
  btw were you in trieste because of erasmus ? 
  tbh czechs die/get lost in our mountains too czechs and mountains do n't mix in general, 
  refo\u0161k  teran and for both , if you want the good stuff you go to some small winemaker . 
  preferrably from the brda area , but there are some good ones on the coast . 
  vinakoper is meh-tier . 
   and slovenia just does n't fit in balkans our drivers and a lot of our mentality is very much balkan, 
  pls get in line for the claiming of trst . 
  there 's also their indipendentists ( lol ) , austria , some habsburg successor , etc. 
  that would be great . 
  less money for mami\u0107 is a good thing ( given your username , you 'll probably agree :p ), 
  so you actually want it ? 
  if its of any consolation , the rest of us have the same opinion of the folks from ljubljana, 
  how is he doing btw ? 
  one of our better coaches . 
  inb4 top kek, 
  lol , your gf is bullshitting you .
