  it would work . 
  best idea would be to provide a safe route to jointly-run eu refugee camps at the eu outside borders , where an asylum application can be decided and the ones who are granted asylum sent on to various eu countries ( each receiving a fair share ) . 
  no problem . 
  thanks for adding a voice of reason to this discussion . 
  thanks for clearing it up . 
  i 'd like to add that an ideal situation would be the possibility to apply for eu-wide asylum in a jointly-run eu `` camp '' at the eu border , where the application would be decided & the refugees then sent to different eu countries , with each getting a fair share . 
  we wo n't get anywhere with eu states fighting each other and not wanting to take in refugees . 
  so what you 're saying is it 's entirely their own fault that they 're dying and we should n't care ? 
  what ? 
  the point of asylum is you get it in a country other than your home country , in order to escape the wars and stuff that happen there . 
  part of the problem is that they have to get to the eu to apply for asylum . 
  a solution would be to allow them to do this in a eu embassy in their home country . 
  seems we have a misunderstanding here : op was suggesting germans are more racist than other nations because there are so many attacks on refugee camps there . 
  i pointed out that there are so many attacks because there are so many camps -- the percentage of racists in the population is probably the same as in other countries . 
  you 're a bad human being . 
  yes , but that 's more to do with the fact that germany has a large share of refugees . 
  it 's not because you 're white , it 's because you 're a human being in a position , in a country , in a society that is able to help . 
  i should have known you 're one of those people whose mental horizon does n't extend beyond the bodensee and neusiedler see . 
  if someone gets shot outside their house , do you call an ambulance ? 
  or do you leave them to die because it 's none of your business ? 
  `` europe '' and `` internment camps '' do n't really go well together do they ... 
   can we just start turning back boats and migrants ? 
   none of this would have happened if we had a stronger stance on illegal immigration . 
  people running for their lives are n't `` illegal '', 
   germany ( should ) make big world politics . 
  not austria there 's a bad joke in there somewhere, 
  the state/the eu . 
  that 's its job . 
  the right to be granted asylum is a fundamental human right . 
  yes . 
  oh yeah that 's right , the european colonialism never happened . 
  my bad . 
  yes . 
  without traffickers , we would n't have tragic incidents like this one . 
  71 lives saved in one day alone . 
  another 500 the next day in the mediterranean . 
  i 'd say that can be describes as `` better '' , would n't you ? 
  what are these legal and safe ways ? 
  last time i checked , dying in a truck or drowning in the mediterranean was n't really safe . 
  it 's us that caused those fuck ups in the first place , we have a responsibility . 
  why do you think africa is what it is today ? 
  because europeans went down there , metaphorically raped the entire continent , took its resources and when there was nothing left to take , they left again and the continent was in chaos . 
  traffickers are just a symptom , not the cause . 
  provide refugees with a legal and safe way to seek asylum in the eu and the trafficking will most likely stop . 
  police have been investigating over night and an interior ministry spokesman has confirmed that 71 people died inside the truck , many more than the 20-50 that originally been feared . 
  this means each refugee had roughly the space of an a3 sheet of paper in side the truck during the journey . 
  edit : it seems likely that the refugees had already been dead for one or two days . 
  bodies have started decomposing significantly . 
  i can see it 's no use discussing this with you . 
  but maybe , just maybe , if a civil war ever breaks out in your country and your family members start getting killed , maybe then you 'll realise what a load of bollocks you wrote on reddit back then . 
  in fact they still do n't know , as the corpses have already started decomposing . 
  really , really horrible news . 
  worse . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  are you afraid your high standard of living will suffer is these refugees get asylum in europe ? 
  are you afraid they 'll rob you ? 
  kill you ? 
  you disgust me . 
  i work in a refugee camp and ask these people why they came here . 
  let me tell you one of those stories : \u201e i worked for an mp in afghanistan . 
  he -- and me too , me personally -- often got threatening emails , we got used to that . 
  one day , i got a phonecall . 
  the man at the other end of the line told me to quit my job or something bad would happen . 
  i tried to ignore it . 
  a few weeks later , they came . 
  the taliban . 
  with guns . 
  they shot a colleague of mine and told me i would be next , i was an enemy . `` now please tell me why this guy has no right to flee to europe ? 
  every one of these people is a human being , nobody likes leaving their home , their family and their friends , their job behind . 
  they 're coming here to survive and we * need * to help them . 
  you 'd rather leave them to die in syria , somalia , afghanistan and all those other places then ? 
  if so , you 're a disgrace to humanity and a disgrace to europe . 
  terrible news . 
  what europe needs is a legal route for people to enter the eu in order to seek asylum here . 
  that would prevent all these deaths . 
  see my edit above , plus : i 'm afraid large parts of the population do n't make that distinction , at least here in austria . 
  most do n't even make a difference between `` fuck muslims !, 
  '' , `` fuck islam '' and `` fuck the turks '' etc. 
  yes , unfortunately . 
  my point is the substantial anti-islam sentiment in germany and austria at the moment . 
  if the co-pilot had happened to be a muslim , everybody would be screaming `` terrorism ! '', 
  now . 
  edit : just to make this clear : what i 'm trying to say is that there is such a high level of anti-islam sentiment in austria ( and germany ) at the moment , that even a small thing like the co-pilot being called mohammed or similar would have sparked outrage in both the tabloid media and large parts of the population ( for example the 25 % of austrians that vote for the far-right anti-islam fp\u00d6 ) which would have been really ugly . 
  since the pilot 's name was revealed to be andreas ( as german as you can get ) , the reaction of the public was more like `` ah , such an idiot '' . 
  immediately jumping to the conclusion that it is or could be an act of islamist terrorism simply because he has an arabic name would be an extremely racist thing to do . 
  we 'll probably never find out , but i wonder if this was sui - or homicide . 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8opbd9uvzuy ) here :  we are still shocked by what has happened , but we will never give up our values . 
  our response is more democracy , more openness , and more humanity . 
  but never naivity . 
  jens stoltenberg after the ut\u00f8ya attacks, 
  no idea why everybody is downvoting you , you 're absolutely correct . 
  you could actually argue that the dissolution of the hre 1806 by emperor francis ii . 
  was unconstitutional , as he did involve the reichstag into that decision . 
  have you got a source for that ? 
  i only found [ this translation ] ( http://www.finlex.fi/en/laki/kaannokset/1889/en18890039.pdf ) , and it does n't start with those words, 
  liechtenstein is the only country that still retains the borders it had in the holy roman empire to this day . 
  hey europeans , i need some help . 
  i 'm currently writing an article for the austrian politics blog neuwal.com , which is currently focussing on small parties trying to collect enough signatures from citizens to be allowed to run in the national election in september . 
  in my article , i want to explain the situation for smaller parties in other european countries . 
  i 've got germany ( where the requirements are similar to austria ) and the uk ( where you only need a handful of signatures and pay a deposit ) but now i 'm stuck , ca n't find any other sources .
