  the point is more that it is a true democracy rather than just a country with free elections . 
  widespread panic ? 
  i love how you make a massive generalisation about misinformation and panic , and back it up with bullshit . 
  i do n't mind them competing in european competitions , and i understand why asian competition would be a bad idea ( muslim countries + football + israeli team = violence . ), 
  but i do n't think the european championships should be held in the fucking middle east , no way . 
  having a lot of foreign university students is a very good indicator of the quality of education being good . 
   i 've studied in the uk and less than 10 % of the students were british . 
  where the fuck did you study ? 
  and if you 're talking about university then i do n't think that 's relevant . 
  poland and portugal , you have the right priorities . 
  now that terry wogan has given up , i hope this joke of a competition dies out . 
  the people who live there are british . 
  the nationality of the first fucking sailor to stop over there has always been completely irrelevant . 
  china and japan are fighting over uninhabited rocks , the falklands are inhabited by 3000 british people . 
  not comparable , at all . 
  apparently the kids are traumatized now , and still not back with their foster family . 
  i hope the people responsible are fired for gross negligence , discrimination or something like that . 
  hit the nail on the head . 
  ireland is in northern europe but nice try . 
  that was more tony blair 's fascination . 
  the statistics for home computers in the uk would probably show chrome as the most popular . 
  most schools and workplaces use ie as the default , though this is changing . 
  well in the mean time i do n't see a better alternative , and unless you can then do n't complain about it . 
  of course it 's not ideal but the fact is nobody wants to employ someone with over 6 months gap in their cv , and this will help people get jobs . 
  it could lead to a full time job and is work experience . 
  i would rather do that than nothing . 
  it 's not fucking slave labour . 
  i 'm not trying to change the world i 'm just calling a spade a spade . 
   as members of an oppressed minority islamic people are the most homophobic demographic by a mile . 
  you talk such shit on every thread . 
  go away . 
  where are whites jumping muslims in western europe ? 
  nowhere , so do n't talk shit . 
  i hate these kinds of muslim apologists . 
  some parts of the country are worth a shout . 
  oxford is full of fit women . 
  surprised how the uk seems more popular than france . 
   the uk teaches german and french to a moderate level in compulsory school . 
  debatable . 
  after five years of german which was basically geared towards passing the exams i had an a in german and could n't speak any . 
   the uk teaches german and french to a moderate level in compulsory school . 
  debatable . 
  after five years of german which was basically geared towards passing the exams i had an a in german and could n't speak any . 
  every vote for stein is just taking one away from obama , increasing the likelihood of the apocalypse . 
  racist against muslims eh ? 
  you 're a clever one . 
  attention seeker . 
  great point . 
  secular muslims who vaguely denounce islamists one minute and refuse to condemn things like the rushdie fatwa another , they disgust me . 
   many religious muslims of today are not much different from the christians of 500 years ago . 
  exactly my point . 
   the only reason why european christians are ( mostly ) not a problem any more is because today they are less religious than they were before . 
  i know . 
  what a fucking surprise . 
  i 'm beyond sick of all this muslim shit . 
  i do n't think most of them actually see it like that though , they know cameron wants what they want , a cut . 
  they were really rebelling against the lib dems . 
  i do n't think it 's really a blow at all . 
  cameron had to compromise with the lib dems on this , but now he can put a stronger case forward for a cut . 
  i wish we would leave , you fuckers all seem to hate us anyway . 
  haha . 
  is that intentional ? 
  i believe that 's very likely . 
  such a troll . 
  i 'm pretty sure most people here did n't just decide they dislike islamic ideologies without thinking about it first with an open mind . 
  17 % think islam `` enriched '' france 's culture . 
  i 'd like to know what they think it `` enriched '' about french culture . 
  this is no laughing matter . 
  thanks , i 've never seen this . 
  berlin hamburg schumacher . 
  i was gone after that haha . 
  unless this carries through the next quarter it 's not really good news . 
  hopefully that happens . 
  it 's the electorates wishes . 
  that 's how democracy works , but it seems many europhiles have forgotten that . 
  ca n't you get it through your heads the uk does n't want to be ruled from brussels ? 
  we did not vote for that , ever . 
  this is why the eu is unpopular here . 
  the electorate do n't want it , so do n't force it on us for from the outside , that 's fucking democracy , and do n't tell our `` standing '' is n't already jeopardised . 
  it 's easier to monitor the borders of an island but that 's basically negated by the fact that the vast majority of illegal immigrants aim to get the uk . 
  the ones you stated are good enough reasons . 
  pro-eu politicians will always hand pick statistics to suit their agenda . 
  they 're all in denial . 
  wait , if europe is a purely political and cultural entity then the part of turkey in europe would be in asia . 
  unlike on the russian border there is a clear geographical point where europe ends and asia begins . 
  now that i 've typed that i realised that istanbul is in both continents , you win . 
  the way things are going i see turkey turning towards a more islamist path before a more european one , as many other countries are sadly doing right now . 
  i do n't see turkey 's membership being possible in my lifetime . 
  okay political grounds then . 
  turkey is n't in europe . 
  oh right did n't see the tag . 
  not to mention it 's a muslim country . 
  it 's not a possibility . 
  end . 
  edit . 
  only a tiny part of the country is in europe anyway , so aside from all the obvious reasons , i object on geographical grounds . 
  wait are n't you american ? 
  gypsies in england ( irish travellers mainly ) are generally criminals who are prone to violence , vandalism and have not been known to pay any taxes despite forcing local authorities to facilitate them . 
  they also encourage their male children to beat the shit out of innocent girls at hollywood bowl and when you step in and deck the little fuck they chase you about a mile down the road . 
  yes our reactions to the barbarism spreading around europe committed in the name of islam and against our culture and way of life is the problem , not islam and muslims ' actions .
