so it 's either transvestites or blonde girls , choose one for hungary !, 
  gahhhh, 
  eurgh , people like you . 
  they can go somewhere else ... 
  not any i 've spoken to sadly , they seem to love a good quota . 
  well it appears that the finns are an honest bunch . 
  thank fuck for that , it 's a start but it 's still too much , i do n't earn anything close to # 500 a week working full time . 
  why is that ? 
  hate speech is not considered peaceful or legal in this country . 
  you think the `` tiny '' ( it 's not tiny , just a minority ) percentage of muslims who share these extreme and dangerous views are `` politically insignificant '' ? 
  you 're mistaken . 
  sweden is fucking doomed and it 's their own fault . 
  some people like having a cultural identity . 
  also , your idealistic view of the future is pretty laughable . 
  this is the problem though , the ideology of multiculturalism does not promote assimilation , it promotes tolerance from the host nation . 
  publicly damning multiculturalism will simply have you branded a racist until you are shut down . 
  there is actually . 
  correlation does n't mean causation . 
  people of certain ethnicity often share religious culture . 
  ethnicity is often defined by culture , culture often by religion . 
  there 's no need to avoid discussion because of semantics . 
  i do n't know many younger people who genuinely have a big problem with race , myself included , but culture is a big issue for me , mostly concerning backward religion . 
  i would have been evicted every other month if i was her . 
  good for them . 
  they 're firefighters , they got into that job to help people in need , not fucking ruin them . 
  they have n't . 
  they 've just moved out of the centre to live in the suburbs , like moi , and immigration has made up the numbers . 
  i think essex gets it the worst in the uk at the moment . 
  haha that is quality . 
  you 're right , it is `` the done thing '' , but i do n't do it . 
  i 'm not rich and do n't see why i should supplement somebodies wage for doing their job . 
  my parents used to save up to go for a meal for all of our birthdays , and spend like # 150 a time , then have to fork out for a tip they ca n't really afford . 
  they just did it because they 're nice , but after spending a fortune for a meal i found it ridiculous . 
  i 'm euro-sceptic , but this has nothing to do with the eu . 
  i 'm all for horse lasagna . 
  however , when a company is so clueless and reckless about the ingredients they use to the extent where they have up to 100 % the wrong meat in it 's product , that is worrying . 
  fuck eating findus food . 
  imagine what was in those crispy pancake things i grew up on . 
  fuck quotas . 
  who gives a fuck what they want ? 
  you mean less than half of brits do n't like it . 
  what a silly comment . 
  it does n't . 
  what a coward . 
  not really . 
  we 're an island , we 're not on mainland europe . 
  people in iceland probably do the same thing . 
  do n't see scottish independence happening but we 'll see . 
  the fact is a small minority of british people want the euro , it 's not going to happen , even lib dems do n't want it . 
  its not even a nationalistic thing , it 's just an unnecessary risk , we 've all witnessed the single currency experiment and it 's failed . 
  i 'm really not fond of euro coins . 
  also , i hope we never join the euro , i doubt we will to be honest . 
  this map is based on traditional family systems , i seem to remember it being used in one of my history lectures , it 's based on 100s of years ago not now , though i 'm sure it is still useful . 
  they had no choice . 
  france was n't willingly invaded , and had the germans not flanked the shit out of them they would have fought harder . 
  wrong century . 
  yeah because sending french troops into harm 's way really garners support from the public . 
  mali asked for help , hollande is n't exactly a war mongerer , it 's just the right thing to do for all parties . 
  the german 's took the french completely by surprise in ww2 , some amazing military tactics from the nazis ( it was all downhill for them after that though ) . 
  the mail prefers things like `` rife '' and `` overrun '' . 
  the honey melts mate . 
  who puts coke in wine , wtf ? 
  but what 's wrong with putting ice in an alcoholic drink ? 
  there 's a jewish building on my high road that has police on guard all the time because of attacks and bomb scares ( a bomb went off there a decade or so ago ) . 
  people with your attitude are pathetic . 
  well it was obviously opinion based on the multitude of muslims i know and what i have heard/seen from other sources . 
  i do n't need to supply statistics for everything i type . 
  `` the second bit '' ... you obviously do n't understand my attitude . 
  what ? 
  most practicing muslims are openly pretty intolerant of jews . 
  fuck yourself with a spatula you cunt . 
  shame muslims have n't . 
  downvote and move on , this subreddit is for opinions to be shared . 
  if that person landed at luton or heathrow then it 's not really racist , just a bit of a crass observation . 
  ever heard of the enlightenment ? 
  nothing to do with peace , that is just propaganda for gullable white people . 
  it 's about * submission * to god and islam . 
  stop being logical and start promoting equality . 
  fuck stats too , they do n't mean shit . 
  savages . 
  sounds like they should just join switzerland . 
  justice are great too . 
  we 're pretty monolingual as only speaking english is rarely an inconvenience , so english language music is all that 's popular here . 
  thanks genius . 
  they are immigrants not native dutch . 
  where do you live ? 
  still not fucking dutch . 
  people like you make me sick with your idiocy . 
  this is fuck all to do with football . 
  europeans do n't murder linesman . 
  notice the upvotes for my comment . 
  ... and if you 're lucky end up on one of those documentaries about drunken brits hurting themselves in spain . 
  a fair few of your heavier drinkers are currently building my neighbour 's loft conversion . 
  no , it 's definitely ironic . 
  not racism , but it 's fucking true . 
  oh right sorry . 
  the way i read that it seemed like you were arguing that the british countryside is where all the muslims live , hence my confusion . 
  `` gay muslims '' are fucking idiots . 
  your religion hates you , leave it or accept it . 
  what the fuck are you on about ?
