   i think you deserve whatever is to come . 
  easier said than done . 
  you can give them the best education possible , it can all be undone by their family or their friends ( or their imam , but this one is easier to fix , by only using imams educated in the country who respect western values ) . 
  i just hope you 're white though , else you may have a bad time . 
  well , mandzukic 's goal reached the top of r/all in about 7 minutes just tonight . 
  granted it 's an event people are following live . 
  i understand and i feel for you . 
  after nice i was in shock . 
  i know we ca n't put fences everywhere but i 'm sure we can do more . 
   what do you expect ? 
  that they put fences around every street ? 
  no , but actually , why not ? 
  or at least on bridges , around big places and in the most crowded streets . 
  my point was that bridges are more exposed to this kind of thing than many streets . 
  these are long term solutions . 
  what do you propose for the time being ? 
  putting a few security fences between road and sidewalk is hardly conceding to terror , this kind of shit could happen even if the driver is n't a terrorist . 
  i do n't know about uk but in france there usually is n't enough room for a whole car on a sidewalk . 
  if you want to roll on the sidewalk your car will be stopped by the first car on the road you encounter . 
  and there are bench etc. 
  usually not on bridges in my experience . 
  it 's also more difficult to go on the sidewalk if there 's another car 20 centimeters from yours . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant when i talked about my lack of knowledge on the subject , that 's perfectly possible . 
  that being said i thought the events of tonight took place there but i misread . 
  probably , but fences can stop a car , at least they 'll have to go out if they want to try . 
  probably not . 
  it 's just that all those fences are one of the first things i noticed there and i was surprised to see them everywhere . 
  so when i heard this story i thought there may be a link . 
  i do . 
  but usually cars have more speed on a bridge than on a street in the center where the traffic is much slower . 
  do you have a better solution ? 
  oh , you 're right , my bad , not sure why i jumped to conclusion like this . 
  i still think bridges should have fences between road and sidewalk . 
  why not ? 
  i understand you ca n't put fences everywhere but ... at least on a bridge ? 
  at least on fucking tower bridge . 
  it 's one of the most famous monument of london , therefore an obvious target . 
  excuse my lack of knowledge on the subject but why was nothing done for pedestrians security after what happened on westminster bridge ? 
  we do n't know what happened yet but pedestrians on a bridge are such easy targets if there 's nothing to prevent vehicles from going on the sidewalk . 
  i lived in czech rep for a few months and i remember hearing about a woman who rolled over pedestrians several times before being caught ( or something like that , i do n't remember , and this story happened decades ago iirc ) . 
  well , i 'm not sure it 's directly related , but there were a lot of security fences between roads and sidewalks . 
  anyway , i hope no one will die :(, 
  my bad . 
  there 's only theories when it comes to their origin anyway , but it 's most likely from belgium , called french fries by returning soldiers after they saw them in french speaking regions of northern france and wallonia . 
  just saying french people does n't identify with `` french '' fries :p but they did throw wine in the sewer though . 
  savages . 
  unlike you i dont claim i do and call everyone else who does a white knight though . 
  no , i think that when your feet are already underwater , your level of awareness is actually higher than mine . 
  for some reason , you think that you 're abilited to speak in the name of the habitants of these countries , and then you call others `` internet white knights '' . 
  the truth is that you have zero clue what these people think or care about . 
  i did n't say the opposite ? 
  the fact is that americans thought they are french while french do n't consider them french . 
  so for the french , seeing the americans take the piss about a dish that we consider belgian was kinda pathetic . 
  if your entire country goes under water for example , or is turned into a desert i mean , sorry but it 's stupid to say that people do n't know or care about climate change in a country like bangladesh , no ? 
  the funniest thing was that they thought we would get all vexed about our french fries , when every french knows that fries are belgians . 
  poor belgians did n't ask anything . 
   and you know , that 80 % of world population is located in africa and asia ? 
  the poorest ones , who do n't know that climate change buzz even exist in some media . 
  and you are telling me that climate change is an actual world problem , cmon . 
  you mean those places that are going to suffer the most from climate change ? 
  and this guy got a pulitzer for his work . 
  [ example ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2003/09/18/opinion/our-war-with-france.html ) from r/france . 
  do n't know what you 're on honestly . 
  did i ask you for sources in a previous message ? 
  is typing `` emission per habitant usa '' so difficult ? 
  also , `` lefties '' . 
  did i mention my political orientations ? 
  do you actually believe you have to be a leftist to care about pollution and climate change ? 
  it must be sweet living in such a simple world . 
  and your source is hilariously biaised . 
  actual scientists , lmao . 
  glad to learn they finally admitted that climate change exists though . 
  edit : and yes , the paris deal was only a basis to build on and the minimum we could do . 
  and no , when i tell you that the us is a big polluter or that china is investing in renewable energies , my source is n't a politician , ffs . 
   lol at your twisted facts . 
  who cares about per habitant ? 
  i call bullshit on that anyways . 
  the planet does n't give a shit if you break it down per person . 
  so that 's a dumb stat . 
  it 's actually easy to check , i 'll let you do your own researchers , i 'm sure you do n't blindly believe anything trump tells you . 
  and emission per habitant is important , especially when it comes from one of biggest polluter of the planet . 
  if everyone lived like the us citizens we would need 4 more planet earth . 
  but sure , a dumb stat . 
   but it 's all for `` green '' wind energy for rich people to pretend they 're helping the planet . 
  what 's your point ? 
  better than doing everything you can to make it worse , like trump is doing right now . 
  and yes , china is heavily investing for greener energy , because of the pressure from its own population . 
  would explain why there 's void where his brain should be !, 
  `` you will be more than you have ever been ... and when the time comes , for what we grant you ... you will serve us well ... '' - y ` shaarj to trump , 2016 . 
  `` kill them all before they kill you !!!! '', 
  - n'zoth to trump , 2017 `` i have the best tentacles . 
  tremendous . '', 
  - trump , probably . 
  okay i think i 'm done . 
  i do n't know what you mean , my b\u00e9ret is alpha as fuck . 
   the paris accord allows china to continue being the biggest polluter on earth past 2030 . 
  the us are a much bigger polluter per habitant than china . 
  and china is actually trying to improve on this matter while trump is abolishing all the measures that helped the us reduce their emissions . 
   the whole thing is just a symbolic circle jerk to hate america . 
  there 's actually people to believe that ?
