his economic program is more like keynes capitalism . 
  if anything he 's the one who killed the french communist party , and now he may also kill the socialist party . 
  several reasons . 
  he 's experience , unlike macron or hamon , he seems honest , unlike fillon and le pen . 
  he 's not against the idea of eu , which still appeals to a lot of people , but wants to change what many french people think is wrong in the way it currently works . 
  he 's not seen as the candidate of the finance and the big companies like macron is often seen . 
  he does n't ask us to do many sacrifices while stealing public money like fillon . 
  he 's a humanist and not a fascist like le pen . 
  he 's not ps which many left wing voters now despise . 
  he wants to get rid of all the corruption in our politics , once again highlighted by the affairs of fillon and le pen , and to bring new faces , a new constitution , to change the voting system ( make white vote actually mean something for example ) , which may be appealing to the people who do n't usually go to vote . 
  he has the most ecologist program . 
  he wants peace and negociation when the other candidates are leading us to open conflict with russia ... well , this is how all this is perceived by many french voters , imho . 
  oh , and yes as pointed out , he has charisma and he 's the best in the debates . 
  reminds me of [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bzsdo75010c ) ( at 1:59 ) . 
  tbh costa rica is a great country and if often nicknamed central america 's switzerland . 
  and the colombians i met were some of the happiest people i ever saw . 
  but yeah this thing is flawed in some way , venezuela for example kinda sucks right now . 
  the room was half empty from the beginning , and people were leaving during the meeting . 
  in the end of last year . 
  his media coverage was insane . 
  explained by the fact that he 's supported by most of the big media owners . 
  edit : lol at the downvotes . 
  it 's just a known fact , get over it . 
  and no , it was n't expected , since he carried one of the most unpopular measures of the hollande government , and imposed it despite heavy protests . 
  and he 's basically the heir of hollande - the most unpopular president of the 5th republic - but with a pretty face . 
  since he 's young and he has no party people think he 's fresh and anti-system . 
  march 24th 1860 , [ treaty of turin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_turin ) between france and the kingdom of sardinia . 
  france annexed the duchy of savoy and the county of nice . 
  yes . 
  i respected him for that , that being said the debate with all the candidates would have been a total shitshow . 
  nda also had the opportunity to go to the other debate but prefered to go to tpmp , this disappointed me . 
  i would n't watch that movie . 
  he 's just talking about the political establishment . 
  by anti-establishment he means that he 's a relatively new face in our political landscape and he also managed to break the right/left monopoly . 
  sure he 's been minister for a while but compare that to fillon or m\u00e9lenchon who 've been in politics since decades , same for le pen family . 
   well lets go with european french then since you might get upset with the analogy of mouse being horse if it 's born in stable lol , disgusting . 
  even if you do n't want to consider that people who are born in france and adapted very well to french society are french because they 're not white , you 're wrong , there 's still much more white people in paris . 
  but it makes sense you felt that way , when you have an issue with brown people you tend to feel threatened and surrounded and notice them more than you would with white people . 
  poor fragile thing . 
  weird that parisians are massively rejecting the fn . 
  only idiots on the internet and people from the countryside who have never seen a black person in their life support the fn to `` get rid of foreigners '' . 
  smh . 
  really ? 
  you 're talking about the new campus in the 13eme right ? 
  idk , i 've studied there for 4 years , often finished after 6pm and never felt like i was in an unsafe area . 
  unless all the hipsters are making you feel insecure :p, 
   and ? 
  if i decide to drink soda each day and lose my teeth 10 years later because of it , it 's still my fault and was caused by soda . 
  and if you were n't even born to vote , was it your fault ? 
  if your parents made you drink soda since your birth , is it your fault if you lose your teeth when you 're 10 years old ? 
   they voted for people who made it all possible , they 're responsible themselves . 
  if they did n't bother checking what those people are after they vote for , well tough luck . 
  ignorance does not absolve you of your stupidity . 
  it 's not like they were given much choice on the matter . 
  do you think racist parties were popular in europe , not even a decade after fascism destroyed europe ? 
  and again , how old are these voters today ? 
   islam has been quite the same for past 1400 years , which kinda is the biggest problem no , it has n't . 
  a lot of muslim countries were on the path of secularisation in the 50s and 60s . 
  just watch how what is today a popular ideology in the middle east was ridiculed by everyone back then . 
   few deserve to die , but most deserve their fate . 
  which is ? 
  so people who are in their 20 's today deserve their fate , because they did n't vote to refuse all immigrations , back in the 50s and 60s ? 
  because thats when the presence of nowadays ' 2nd or 3rd generation migrants was decided . 
  what you say does n't make sense . 
   whose values ? 
  certainly not the values of european people as the majority wishes no more muslim immigration www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/most-europeans-want-muslim-ban-immigration-control-middle-east-countries-syria-iran-iraq-poll-a7567301.html do you really need to be explained the difference between migrants and refugees ? 
  do you know about the right of asylum ? 
  the geneva convention , which is based on the 14th article of the universal declaration of human rights ? 
  is n't human rights a polish value ? 
  poland as a member of the eu and schengen should respect the common policy regarding the right of asylum . 
  their elected government voted yes in september 2015 for the relocation plan . 
  if they disagree now , they can leave the eu and stop receiving all that sweet money that has helped to develop their country more than any other in europe . 
   why it 's burden that must be shared with all eu members ? 
  because the eu voted so , including poland 's government of the time . 
  why is it fair ? 
  because one or two countries supporting all of it is not fair . 
   by the looks of it only germany , sweden and france advocate for these people . 
  source ? 
  your article based on a shitty poll conducted in * ten * countries ? 
  oh , and france is n't an aging society btw . 
  you realize that most of the attacks are committed by 2nd or 3rd generation migrants right ? 
  there was no vote on the question , it was just the way it was , the correct thing to do after decolonization , plus and europe needed hands for reconstruction . 
  islam itself was [ very different ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx4rk8bj2w0 ) back then . 
  even if there was a vote back then , how old would be those who voted today ? 
  so yeah , saying that people in their 20 's deserved to die tonight , makes you a horrible human being , i feel sorry for you honestly , and i hope i misunderstood you . 
   personally i think they 're disgusting bunch that now is trying to force eastern europe to take some of their mena immigrants , all the while taking some more for themselves . 
  if they 're so great , why force other countries take them ? 
  nowadays , the correct thing to do is to welcome refugees who are trying to escape the horror of a war we participated to start . 
  it 's a burden that should be shared among all eu members , because that 's what 's fair . 
  the polish government for example is an embarassement to european values . 
  i myself have a friend of polish origin , french nationality , who lived in poland for several years . 
  why does he have french nationality ? 
  cause france welcomed his family when they fled poland , basically refugees . 
  why did he come back to france ? 
  cause the level of xenophobia in poland was just too much for him . 
  plus he dates a black girl and that did n't go so well in poland . 
  the countries who do n't want to take their responsibilities while the other members do , and who do n't respect european values , have nothing to do in the eu , and should n't receive any money from eu . 
  why do n't you guys say `` vis-a-vis of '' or `` vis-a-vis to '' ? 
  it does n't make sense !!!, 
  i do n't know why but it triggers me .
