the moment that i realise that i 'm greek and i was born in france ... 
  shit !!, 
  i do n't doubt that , but in the article it says the same thing . 
  they are ... 
   i think tsipras goal has been kind of consistent since the beginning . 
  he wanted to end austerity , but not to leave the euro . 
  tsipras ' only goal is ( and was ) to remain in power as long as possible . 
  he does n't give a shit about economy , greece , greeks , austerity , bailout programs , eu , euro , drachma or anything else . 
   maverick leader ?? 
   do you think golden dawn can come to power in greece no . 
   the exact same conditions that existed prior to the nazi 's is being recreated in greece exact same conditions ? 
  not even close . 
  exactly !, 
  it 's the same symbol , `` duckling '' ( eg . 
  in greek ) is just how we call it . 
  it would be good if public spending cuts were oriented to the points were it should be done . 
  in this case , public sector is just not paying for anything except pensions and public servants ' salaries . 
  but that does n't mean that there are spending cuts , it 's accumulating even more debt ( that eventually has to be payed ) . 
  he is right . 
  greece needs reforms ( that would boost the economy ) and not more austerity ( that will only kill what 's left until now ) . 
  the problem is that once more greece 's economy is in recession , so for this year if no fiscal measure are taken , then the budget will have a primary deficit . 
  so , to avoid more austerity measures , the rest of europe would have to agree to an even bigger loan that would cover one or two more years of primary deficit budgets until the economy is boosted by the reforms . 
  but no european government trusts that greek government will stick to that ( and i honestly ca n't blame them , greeks learn not to trust the greek government the day they 're born ... ) , so practically there ca n't be a loan agreement by these terms . 
  there already are two lawsuits against him for that , but if we want to be realists , nothing will happen . 
  it has for some people , but still the majority is pro euro . 
  i am aware of the difference . 
  just stay tuned , you 'll probably see what i mean in the next 2 months . 
  those things happened , and other things happened after that as well . 
  when describing a situation , we should see the whole picture , not just the part we like . 
  this was a conclusion based just on what happened last week , do n't you think what happened the last day should be taken into consideration ? 
  i do n't know . 
  we ca n't have elections now . 
  our banks are closed , our fiscal gap is growing by 1 billion per week and we have to pass the deal in two votes ( 15 and 20 july ) so that we get money to pay imf and ecb payments to avoid default . 
  if we go to elections by election law we need at least one month . 
  this means goodbye deal and goodbye europe . 
  our only option is that tsipras finds a way to pass the deal and stay in power for at least three months . 
  then we decide . 
  we either elect a pro-europe party to stay in europe , or a euro sceptic party to go to drachma . 
  oh my god !!!, 
  you do understand that there are other greeks in reddit too , right ? 
  tsipras right now is between a rock and a hard place , in the worst political position he 's ever been . 
  [ half of his party is now asking for his head in a platter ] ( http://www.newsit.gr/politikh/kommoynistiki-tasi-zita-to-kefali-toy-tsipra/417325 ) , his party 's youth [ is demonstrating against his decision ] ( http://www.newsit.gr/politikh/h-neolaia-toy-syriza-diadilonei-kata-tis-kyvernisis/417327 ) , his partner kammenos [ just said that he wo n't vote for the agreement ] ( http://www.newsit.gr/politikh/eidhseis-ragdaies-ekselikseis-o-panos-kammenos-ksekatharizei-pos-oi-aneksartitoi-ellines-den-mporoyn-na-apodexthoyn-ayti-ti-symfonia/417313 ) , he has already lost 32 mps in the last vote and he has to convince the rest 117 of them to vote for the austerity measures , while he ca n't even get konstantopoulou to resign and he does n't have the courage to file a motion of censure ... and on the other hand he ca n't go to elections because he will have to back his deal on the election campaign , which we all know he ca n't because that 's a liberal plan and he 's a left wing party leader . 
  and if he 's going to dismiss it , people just wo n't believe him . 
  yeah , he 's an emperor allright . 
  what you 're saying is generally correct , but if you 're not greek you ca n't make sense out of the irrationality that rules here . 
  i ca n't find [ this ] ( https://translate.googleusercontent.com/translate_c?depth=1&amp;hl=el&amp;rurl=translate.google.gr&amp;sl=el&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http://www.newsit.gr/politikh/voyleytina-toy-syriza-kata-lafazani-psifise-paron-giati-etsi/417043&amp;usg=alkjrhgnulzkjzf8ewipekvbtetnhw56ma ) in english , google translator will have to do . 
  there is nobody in greece that doubts that there is no plan . 
  even drachma supporters admit it . 
  they 're just hoping that things would turn out good despite the odds ... 
   equally important , with a weak currency greece would finally be able to export goods and services ok , i see this a lot . 
  this is a logical argument , but in this case things are not that simple . 
  greece 's problem is n't that it does n't export because of the high prices . 
  in fact , our exports are pretty much maxed out despite the high prices because of the euro . 
  our problem is that we do not produce much so we could export more . 
  and we do n't produce much because every business in greece has to deal with high state corruption , thousands of contradicting tax laws that change every year , tremendous bureaucracy and - despite what you may have been told by the media - extremely high taxation . 
  so , what the drachma would actually do is to just reduce greece 's export income even further and to make imported raw material ( needed for what we export ) even more expensive . 
  it 's a lose-lose solution . 
  just printing drachmas is n't a plan . 
  the plan would be what to do with those drachmas . 
  and such thing does not exist . 
   they agree on most of the reforms , basically 99 % with very minor differences that could be stamped out in an afternoon they may agree on tax-raising reforms but they certainly do not agree on spending cuts and privatizations ( which for years they have been calling sell-outs ) . 
  unless there is someone in greece that thinks that lafazanis stratoulis michelogiannakis and co. will be happy to sign for the privatization of the \u0391\u0394\u039c\u0397\u0395 and public servant evaluation . 
  syriza has made debt restructure its flag , when it should n't . 
  debt payments as they are now are not the biggest problem , because they have a low gdp percent value . 
  instead , it should have been more persistent in expanding the growth plans proposed by juncker , and let the debt restructure deal as it were for the previous administration . 
  that would have been easier anyway , and a better negotiation strategy . 
  not calling them blackmailists , nazis and terrorists while asking for money , would n't hurt either ... 
  not really . 
  after all , the government has already accepted that it will be very difficult to take serious tax money from the people in the lagarde list ( [ here ] ( http://www.thetoc.gr/politiki/article/duskolo-na-paroume-lefta-apo-lista-lagkarnt--offshore ) ) . 
  but even in the case they would succeed , this is an one-off income . 
  you tax once , you collect once . 
  instead , the reforms proposed by mr verhofstadt would be a permanent gain for the state and i wish mr tsipras would embrace them ( but to tell the truth , i 'm not really optimistic about it ) . 
   do i get a discount if i do n't ask for a receipt ? 
  maybe , if you ask for it before you order . 
   oh boy are you in for a rude awakening . 
  yeah , sadly most of us are . 
  also most of us ca n't see the situation we 're walking ourselves into and no one believes the ones that see it . 
  we are mostly celebrating now ( 62 % of us are at least ) . 
  it 's that time in history again for the greeks i guess ... 
  i would n't bet any money claiming that this is an accurate replication . 
  in other areas ( eg . 
  greek language ) there may be differences , but there is also some continuity , meaning that even in homer 's poems ( which are much older than this ) you can recognize language patterns and words still used today , maybe not exactly as they are in the poems but as synthetic parts of modern words or slightly changed . 
  the same goes with optical representations , where you can see influences passed on between different periods . 
  the thing is that in this musical part you ca n't hear any pattern that resembles any genre of greek music , may it be modern or traditional ( and from what we know , many traditional music and dance styles go back way further than 2200 years ) . 
  i would say it resembles more like an irish ballad than anything greek . 
   ironically this is what caused the banking crisis . 
  ceos taking risks with the bank 's lending because if it succeeded they got massive bonuses . 
  if it failed they walked away in some countries , sure . 
  in greece we did n't have a banking crisis though , exactly because the banks were n't exposed to toxic products . 
  what we had ( and will have for years to come ) was a ** fiscal ** crisis . 
  fuck it my friend , since the yes/no wo n't have a clear majority , none will be able to carry on with its plan . 
  you ca n't rule with half of the country against you . 
  the situation is way worst than any greek is saying or any european can think ... 
  exactly !, 
  how i wish they were ... no , unfortunately they 're not a scam ... 
   which brainwashing machine do you think has the most power behind it ? 
  the big media are usually in the hands of the pro-eu camp . 
  it might seem odd , but in this case there are more powerful weapons . 
  everybody in greece knows that whatever the result there 's going to be a lot of suffering , but those with a permanent non-revocable job might just escape the worst . 
  today there were 230 re-hirings of athens metro station employees and yesterday 1.293 school guards .
