  it 's called checkbook diplomacy . 
  i can tell you what people thought of the euro in 1995 : that it would be a weak currency , and that that would endanger the economy . 
  this went so far that there was not a real vote on that , because the german people would probably have rejected the euro . 
  this is still a widely popular sentiment . 
  google `` teuro '' for proof . 
  so you claim something that can not reasonably be refuted , dismiss any attempt to do it anyway , but do n't produce any evidence except a hypothetical motive ( which coincides with your theory btw . ) . 
  my analogy is a perfect match . 
  so unless you produce actual facts , e.g. , quotes by politicians , documents , interviews with respectable sources , i can not accept your theory as valid , and i see it as slander and fostering hate . 
  something we really do n't need , especially at heated times like this . 
  : i did not downvote you by the way . 
  you are entitled to an opinion . 
  no idea why they did it . 
  just learned it from a bulgarian co-student sometime . 
  there is also one ( region of ) some yugoslavian successor republic that has used deutschmarks iirc . 
  it 's also not that uncommon to have smaller countries peg their currency to that of a bigger country . 
  a lot of currencies are pegged to the us dollar , either by law or by central bank intervention . 
  ecuador actually gave up their currency and uses the dollar now . 
  the bulgarian lew is ( still ) pegged to the deutschmark . 
  so i guess you have some evidence for this ? 
  given that you claim that the euro is the latest in a series of german world domination schemes , and given that this is pretty insulting , you can back that up , of course ? 
  downthread you write  your sources are enough evidence to show that france wanted italy in but not why germany and co went along with it . 
  i have no doubt that officially germany wanted `` a hard-core stable eurozone '' but i do n't see any evidence that this is what they were really after . 
  he can also not prove that the us government did not blow up the wtc themselves . 
  surely they must have done it then ? 
  i think productivity in germany is higher . 
  to put it politically incorrect , `` a german working an hour is worth more than a spaniard working an hour '' . 
  that is , of course , not because we are the ubermenschen , but because , i believe , the infrastructure may be better , the system may be more efficient or just because german companies have a tech advantage ( think of a guy working with a modern computer against a punch-card operator ( hyperbole warning ) . 
  do n't quote me on that , though . 
  see ? 
  there it is !, 
  the cypriots are so rich , they give away million dollar houses for free . 
  zey should bail out us !, 
  jawoll !, 
  that 's a matter of perspective . 
  sure , there have been massive transfers to the east . 
  but think about this : before the wall fell , there was no unemployment , because under communism everyone has a job . 
  enter the reunification , where east german companies ( `` veb '' ) that were not competitive were quickly dissolved or shrunk while the nice parts were bought up by west german companies . 
  that means massive unemployment . 
  talk about permanent 8 % more , say 5 in the west and 13 in the east , or so . 
  this is still the case . 
  initially , the linke ( then pds ) would not make the 5 % and only send two or three delegates into the bundestag , on a direct mandate basis . 
  in the early 2000s , the german economy was doing terribly . 
  4.5 million unemployed , federal budget a mess , you name it . 
  the red/green coalition under schr\u00f6der enacted labor market reforms ( hartz i - iv ) . 
  `` hartz iv '' is now synonymous with unemployment benefits , which where cut dramatically . 
  official unemployment rose to over 5 million due to statistical changes . 
  this reforms ( also called `` agenda 2010 '' ) did cost schr\u00f6der the power and the social democrats a permanent 5-10 % in political approval , a lot of it towards wasg ( see below ) and pds . 
  under the impression of the cuts , a protest party formed in the west , the wasg . 
  they were spearheaded by former spd chairman and federal finance minister oskar lafontaine . 
  later , they merged with the pds ( successor party of east german communist party `` sed '' ) to form the `` linke '' . 
  in the west , the social democrats have lost a permanent 3 % of the voters to them . 
  this , in my opinion , are people on the left that before were spd voters , but already quite extreme in demands favoring what others call socialism . 
  now , it 's impossible for the spd to cater for these because what they want is just impossible : undo labor market reforms , negative income tax for low earners , retreat from nato , ... ( as a side remark : the conservatives have these extreme people still mainly voting cdu . 
  maybe that new anti euro party will balance things out by removing the crazy people on the other side of the spectrum from coalition arithmetic , too ) in the east , i think their voters are made up of the following groups : - people unhappy with the spd and their move to the center , but leftish . 
  remember , an opposition party can demand all kinds of stuff and does not have to explain how to finance it - people that think back in nostalgia ( `` ostalgie '' ) into the ddr . 
  remembering full employment is easy , and forgetting that little bit of spying on you maybe , too ( that is not objective , though ) . 
  - wasg opposition to agenda 2010 - people that liked the sed or just vote for them because they always did - people that like the way they act in state governments . 
  the linke are very strong in the east , sometimes almost the strongest political power . 
  they are junior partner in several state governments , and doing not too bad there might get them voters . 
  - people who like the party heads . 
  these are not all stupid people , and some of them quite smart ( gysi ) or popular ( petra pau , for example made into the bundestag on a direct mandate back in 1998 i think ) . 
  also , while they are partly the successor party to the sed and there are a lot of crazy people there , they are still slowly transforming into a `` normal '' party . 
  while it may not be enough ( and i think those who say the spd should open itself are wrong . 
  the linke needs to accept the pillars i outlined upthread ) , it makes them less scary then , say , the npd ( neo-nazis ) . 
  uh , wall of text . 
  she reaps what the previous government sowed . 
  there had been deep-going labor market reforms in 2004/5 . 
  you wonder why germany is not called the `` sick man of europe '' anymore , but the engine . 
  it 's certainly not the lowered vat for hotels ( the only thing black/yellow did i remember ) . 
  once you look behind the obviously not very well done start , he is quite competent , and certainly not an idiot . 
  it 's just that merkel is made of teflon while the media like to point to his faux-pas . 
  i also really liked that he did explicitly say that the euro crisis is going to cost us a lot of money . 
  think of what merkel has said and then had to revise over the last years , when was she honest with that ? 
  in addition to the answers you already got , google `` andrea ypsilanti '' . 
  before the 2008 state elections in hesse , she ( spd leader ) vowed not to cooperate with the `` linke '' . 
  after the elections , no stable government could be formed and she formed a red/green minority government with toleration from the `` linke '' . 
  that lasted for about a year and in the resulting repeat election , spd suffered a devastating loss , commonly attributed to them breaking their word . 
  since then , this has become a `` gretchenfrage '' and i am very certain that with the exception of eastern german state governmnents , the spd will not form a coalition with the linke . 
  the loss in voter confidence will be enormous . 
  also , there is something called `` staatstragende partei '' . 
  this refers to a party that embraces the fundamental ideas and doctrines that form the pillars of our system , and they do n't demand crazy unrealistic stuff * all the time * . 
  all these parties are theoretically able to come to a compromise withe each other . 
  a compromise on a federal level with a party that is not `` staatstragend '' seems impossible . 
  fundamental doctrines are , in rough order of importance ( and off the top of my head ) * liberty and democracy ( `` freiheitlich demokratische grundordnung '' ) * capitalism with social component ( `` soziale marktwirtschaft '' ) * orientation to the west and integration into western allied structures ( `` westbindung '' ) * the right of israel to exist ( `` existenzrecht israels '' ) and maybe * european integration * denunciation of nazi and communist injustice i do n't remember which ones the `` linke '' has most problems with , but the israel thing comes to mind and they still do n't officially denounce the injustice of the communist dictatorship . 
  before they do n't do that , no coalition . 
  ( read my lips  ), 
  so you say that this will not have a negative economic impact because those laid off are all illegal immigrants that do n't get anything , and that the greek government hired thousands of illegal immigrants ? 
  please back that up with sources . 
  he did extensively explain his position though . 
  he said printing more money is the way to go . 
  but congress wo n't let obama do that . 
  even more , congress tells obama to spend x amount of money ( on tanks , say ) , get only y in revenue and , oh yes , he ca n't borrow the difference . 
  and republicans use this regularly to get cuts on benefits that they do n't have a democratically elected minority to . 
  so krugman says , well then just print the difference in platinum coin , he can do that . 
  and at that point , he misjudged the situation : obama did in fact not back down and made the republicans cave in ( for now ... ) . 
  krugman even said this afterwards , he had been wrong and obama had been right . 
  so what is the problem now ? 
  it 's not that easy . 
  those 1k also make me pay into unemployment subsidies and make me consume things . 
  so other people sell things , and we pay indirect taxes like vat on it .
