  so , i think this is not a good idea . 
  the banks are n't gon na lend even if you beat them with a stick . 
  lower interest is going to disown people with savings accounts and safe assets , which are going to get negative real interest rate . 
  terrible move . 
  however , what else is there to do . 
  the eurozone economy is slumping and needs a push . 
  there is a certain country that shall not be named that could easily afford stimulus of about 1-2 % of their gdp without even touching maastricht criteria . 
  but of course , that country wo n't do it . 
  nor will their friends , the orange and the white-blue nation . 
  who sent those little green unrest-causing men to crimea again ? 
  i know , but you really missed an opportunity there . 
  you could have posted the pope currently holding active office , or you could have posted the recent polish pope . 
  instead , you posted neither of them and went for emperor palpatine , 
  that is ours . 
  you meant the one before , that guy was from poland , 
  especially in penalties !, 
  probably the nsa thing . 
  since canada is sometimes perceived as an appendix of the us and was widely cited in context with the five eyes alliance , opinion shifted a bit into the negative for the whole anglophone world , i would guess . 
  now you are changing definitions mid discussion . 
  you said deflation is good because cheaper stuff . 
  then inflation must mean more expensive stuff . 
  now suddenly the only thing that matters is the size of the monetary base . 
  sure , by that measure we had runaway inflation in japan , the eurozone and , in particular , the us in the last few years . 
  yet still prices do n't rise , which is the only thing most people ( and , in extension , the economy ) do care about . 
  fine , i will give you the same thing by the source you linked below : http://www.datosmacro.com/ipc-paises/japon?sector=ipc+general&amp;sc=ipc-ig ( look at `` ipc anual - ipc general '' ) and you see that the rates are largely the same as fred reports , annual inflation is near zero or below for most of the time since 2000 ( corresponding to the hilltop in fred 's data ) , with a sharp rise recently as abe tried to get japan actually out of stagflation . 
  so now that i have refuted your claim ( `` no deflation in japan '' ) with a source , then backed up that source with * your * source , what 's your next excuse ? 
  will you throw more incoherent , punctuation lacking ramblings at me ( `` source not credible !, 
  '' ) , or will you actually bring something to the table ? 
  in the meantime ( warning , ad hominem follows ) i shall tag the glorious mod of / r/poorporn and / r/socialistbs as such . 
  japan is in deflation : http://research.stlouisfed.org/fred2/series/cpaltt01jpm661s also you should really use some punctuation . 
  it gives you some credibility . 
  supposedly it 's seasonally adjusted . 
  still way too high though . 
  deflation is poison for the economy . 
  look at japan . 
  i 'd rather have five points of inflation than 0.5 points of deflation . 
  you know how to get out of inflation : tighten the monetary base , rise interest . 
  how do you get out of deflation ? 
  only way is to flood the market with money and even then it 's not sure to work . 
  there is so much wrong with this thing . 
  * of course * the us spend more per capita . 
  as opposed to nato countries or korea , they maintain * two * webs of alliances and contribute to their defense . 
  most nato countries have not committed to defend south korea , japan or taiwan , and likewise japan is certainly not obliged to help nato in the case of an invasion from e.g. , russia . 
  moreover , the numbers given include the iraq war , something that has no international mandate and is not a nato operation . 
  that 's an american problem and if america ends up spending money on it , not our problem . 
  we voted against it . 
  only two nato countries maintain nuclear arsenals , and the other nations are actually obliged by treaty not to do so . 
  same goes for power projections measures , like overseas bases and aircraft carriers : bases in qatar or diego garcia are certainly not helping much in defending the nato treaty territory . 
  do n't get me wrong , western europe certainly has benefited from the us defense umbrella ( which i am thankful for ) . 
  i am in favor of continuing the alliance , and if that means averaging out defense spending , sure . 
  but any discussion on this needs to start out from numbers that are not obviously skewed . 
  juncker is a euro-federalist . 
  that basically means more power to the eu , more integration , more of everything . 
  that is very adverse to most of the british position , who seem to want a lot of repatriation of powers , means transfer of sovereignty back to individual countries . 
  for merkel , i do n't precisely know , except that a ) apparently she considers cameron a loose ally in the creditor state sense and b ) more integration * must * imply transfers of big monies towards the debtor states . 
  that 's probably going to be less than popular with the conservative voter base back here . 
  yeah . 
  we voted , winner gets to call the terms . 
  fuck merkel and her `` wait what wins out and then commit '' stance . 
  if liechtenstein would declare war on luxembourg on grounds that `` the letzebuerger are filthy underhumans '' it would take merkel ages to take a side until someone is winning . 
  given that both countries do n't share a land border , that could take centuries . 
  we had the same argument been used here over the introduction of $ 500/semester tuition fees . 
  cdu politicians argued that it would be unfair if the nurse paid with her taxes the education of the chief surgeon 's children . 
  i say it 's the other way around . 
  the chief surgeon 's children will get education anway since their parents are well off , but it would be unfair to deprive the nurse 's children of access to education for lack of funds . 
  dude , read my post again . 
  i did n't say they are neo-nazi . 
   how important to afd is their salonf\u00e4higkeit ?!, 
  very . 
  they are trying quite desperately not to be put into one haul with neo-nazi parties like the npd or the republicans . 
  they certainly have some very questionable members ( the von storch bitch for example ) but there are certainly people in the party that are not neo-nazi . 
  i personally have n't made up my mind whether i consider them an extremist party or not . 
  maybe they skirt the edge of that problem on purpose , but joining forces with e.g. , the true finns would surely do away with them being even remotely close to a `` normal '' party . 
   accept the incorporation of wallonia you mean protecting the interests of the french-speaking community in belgium , sending `` self-defense militias '' and then having a `` referendum '' ... 
  i see . 
  well , the good thing is draghi does n't really care about what merkel wants , since the ecb is politically independent . 
  i mean , whatever draghi does is not exactly what 's needed right now , but at least it will help . 
  and germany !, 
  see , the british whine about the romanians and bulgarians taking their jobs . 
  it 's even worse for germany : the polish successfully poached the whole `` driving-german-tanks-through-poland '' business from us . 
  and you know that some candidate is going to be the one when merkel expresses her complete and utter trust in the other ( s ) . 
  oh , it 's all in good fun . 
  he hust forgot , had plenty of warning and things just did not work out . 
  i shall mock him , but in the end neither is he personally responsible for 25 % fn nor is he a bad person . 
  so i shall let him off with a warning , 
   on an unrelated note : do you happen to work or revolve around the `` meltdown '' e-sports pub ? 
  :p no idea where that is  the e-sports event i was referring to was the league of legends allstars tournament which was held in paris a few weeks back . 
  was a terrific event , even though i could not go and attend it . 
   and i hate my country . 
  do n't . 
  it rocks . 
  was there again last year after 20 years france break , was not disappointed . 
  followed a large e-sports event a few weeks back that was held in france , and , as expected , french crowd and hosts blew everything out of the water . 
  my french colleagues rock . 
  most french i personally met rock . 
  your language rocks ( and i hate that i forgot how to speak it ) . 
  do n't hate france . 
  i shall , however , mock the shit out of that french colleague who forgot to register to vote . 
  lunchtime shall be hell , 
  so , do you think this is genuine anti-eu voting or just people unhappy with hollande ( german term is protestwahl/denkzettel , not sure how to translate ) ?
