  but russians per se are actually pretty cool folk . 
  bratwurst is serious business . 
  she is capable of talking to him . 
  putin plays his stupid power plays with that dog of his , but i am certain that merkel is cold enough to put that behind her ( though it will certainly not earn him brownie points ) . 
  the point is that putin does not want to talk with merkel . 
  sure they have phone calls and his mouth utters words , but they are meaningless at best and lies at worst . 
  the idea of a diplomatic solution was very worthwhile . 
  it did not work though , and that has become increasingly clear since months . 
  such a solution requires both sides to actually want it , and one side ( hint : it 's russia ) does not want it . 
  so , did you just not throw a party two years ago , or were we germans just not invited ? 
  i need to know !!, 
  lets make a list of countries to occupy moscow : poland ( france ), 
  i know it 's not supposed to be funny , but the guy on the left of himmler on no . 
  14 looks like putin . 
  yup . 
  accuracy is pretty shitty : eight warning shots , one deadly throw . 
  i do n't like it either , but let 's wait for what the nato summit next week brings . 
  i do n't think we would unilaterally do stuff just before that summit . 
  do n't hold your breath though . 
  bolivia being on the same list as venezuela is not that surprising . 
  both are led by bolivarian left presidents . 
  and morales has made serious efforts to become the leader of that movement since chavez died . 
  bolivia will almost always try to piss of the us . 
  if obama embraced coca leaves , they would be illegal in bolivia the next day . 
  tagesschau also reports that the german luftwaffe will send extra forces to help air policing ( in addition to standard nato contributions for this ) . 
  and supposedly people are thinking about declaring the nato-russia founding charter null and void . 
  we can call it polish-german brigade if you want . 
  that 's what i meant . 
   'm not really that supportive of ukip [ ... ] i know . 
  i think you are wrong  not a discussion for tonight though , has been a long day . 
   i was involved briefly in student politics [ ... ] in student politics , yes , sometimes you see real elections . 
  where i studied , most things were done in consensus . 
  once you meet the other groups in department council and its committees , things become even more consensus based . 
  hmm , possibly . 
  i think i 'm out of my bounds in english here  but i think that you could see any `` election '' of something by a body that is not the sovereign ( in the republican sense , i.e. , the people ) as an appointment . 
  very rarely is it not know beforehand how the election will turnout . 
  only surprises are usually with elections involving the populace and the rare election/vote with people straying from the party line . 
  at least here in germany . 
  p.s : silly that you are being downvoted . 
  i have downvoted you before for stuff i found not useful , but this is not one of them . 
  probably people not liking you for supporting ukip , 
  pluto and his large moon charon are doubly tidally locked : they each show the same side to each other all the time . 
  they are also quite close in size , being dubbed a `` double ( dwarf - ) planet '' . 
  if that 's not gay , i do n't know . 
  straight planets have a moon , not another planet . 
  attack pluto for homosex nazi !, 
  well , berlusconi has said all kinds of stupid stuff ( in particular against germany ) and draghi still became ecb president . 
  as long as cameron was not against tusk , i do n't see a reason for the uk to be pissed . 
  they just had one of these top jobs , too , so ca n't expect to get it again so soon . 
  that 's not that unusual though . 
  i have only experience in german university politics , and mostly only up to the department level , but in almost all cases there are lengthy discussions and negotiations before any vote in order to build consensus and make the decision unanimous . 
  i think i have seen a real vote maybe once or twice ( not counting a few instances where a tiny minority could not be convinced of anything and was just voted down ) . 
  same thing really in europe : the case of juncker being voted in against cameron was quite unusual . 
  i would not be surprised if the council wanted to avoid something like that in the forseeable future ( especially with the uk on the minority ) . 
  must be because all those partitions < 3, 
  as did obama today . 
  not sure why we still insist in keeping up that silly treaty with russia which the russians do n't care about . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  did the uk have rival candidates ? 
  yeah , would also have liked sikorski as fm . 
  but of course ca n't have both top jobs from poland and conservative ... 
  ahem ... 
  bring natural gas though . 
  well , germany gets a lot of negative comments here since i visit / r/europe , so you get kinda used to it . 
  i was complaining specifically because in the last two or three weeks the intensity has gone way beyond the acceptable level . 
  re : the uk selling stuff : that was discussed here a while ago , the report talked about small arms , nv googles , bulletproof west and so on ( so that would potentially include crypto , but whatever ) . 
  my latest info was that there would be some inquiry into it . 
  that 's why i wrote `` when i last checked ) . 
  apparently there is not that much to it , so i would say no harm , no foul . 
  in broader context i did voice my frustration into the relentless criticism of german handling of this crisis when the french have * no * visible impact on it at all and ( at least in my perception ) , the idea to kick russia out of swift is the first thing to come out of no . 
  10 in a while . 
  no mudslinging intended ( that is certainly not what we need right now ) , so that is why i was a bit irritated by that word , 
  hey sorry man , that was just meant as banter . 
  i do think that , if the french and the british would have thrown the kitchen sink at germany in september 1939 , that might have made a difference . 
  did n't happen though . 
  do n't interpret too much into comments here , especially if they have a smiley at the end . 
  and get hit by a rebel rocket ? 
  the russians are crazy , but i do n't think they trust that rabble farther than they can throw them . 
  hmm , that sounds a lot less dangerous than when it was reported a few weeks ago . 
  you left out citing the crypto stuff , but i 'll let that slide   you guys really do n't handle the mud slinging of / r/europe well do you ? 
  id that was meant as a snide remark , you should have left it out . 
  this is exactly the kind of aggressive posting i did complain about . 
  one should note that this graphic is at least one , probably two years old . 
  and then did nothing until we forced the matter on them and the french . 
  and some other countries on the way , 
  are you some kind of novelty account ? 
  your logic is ... not quite like other people 's logic . 
  yes , lead us austria . 
  this has never gone wrong before , 
  seriously . 
  what do people expect ? 
  the chancellor just came out of a meeting with west balkans leaders and gets asked a question on the ukraine ( i actually watched that press conference , only three questions btw ) . 
  she says that this needs to be discussed on saturday and that additional sanctions are needed . 
  what more do people want ? 
  a dow on the spot ? 
  all western nations have said multiple times that they wo n't go to war over ukraine , and that includes the us . 
  yes we could arm the ukrainians , but would people seriously want merkel to unilaterally announce that without discussion with the rest of europe ? 
  the last time i checked france was busy selling warships o russia and the uk traded them small arms and nv goggles ( has that stopped , btw ? ) . 
  germany canceled their arms deal with russia . 
  the discussion here has lost a lot of quality over the last weeks .
