  that 's problem . 
  because , the way i see it , it 's not a stable situation . 
  for the sake of the argument , let us assume `` the south '' fixes it 's problems and actually becomes more competitive than germany . 
  now what . 
  competitiveness differences are always going to drive a thrust through a single currency . 
  personally , i am ok with giving away a few percents of individual income ( not of gdp , that 's prolly more ) a year to keep europe going . 
  i feel that it 's worth it . 
  when it comes to a dozen percents , maybe not though ...   eu debt crisis  eurozone :-) . 
  yeah got it . 
  you not in . 
  guess what : we know of the swedish meatball crisis !, 
  horsemeat everywhere !, 
  you are not better than uss !!, 
  ! 11111  what is unavoidable ? 
  the break up ? 
  i hope not . 
  unavoidable , i think , is pouring serious money into the whole thing . 
  no matter how the crisis goes , germany will have to pay a lot . 
  even if there is an orderly breakup of the euro , we will still pay for it ( via soaring deutschmark 2.0 ) . 
   well , at first one has to re-write the maastrich treaty ( not that it is going to happen ) . 
  one of the big reasons for the current situation is that we have a currency union , but not a banking union , nor do we have transfers to `` even out '' the differences . 
  it is economics 101 that it will not work , unfortunately . 
  i look at the treaty and really wonder - how could they have been so stupid - all of them . 
  well , if rewriting the treaty is out , why not have the transfers . 
  yes , that is going to be extremely unpopular . 
  but i feel the alternative is the breakup of the euro , something germany * can not * afford . 
  you are correct in your analysis btw , as far as i can tell . 
   i think the shit is hitting the fan :-) , i am just wondering which country will be the first . 
  i used to think greece , portugal , but now i am more leaning towards a norther country abandoning the euro . 
  and then it will be catastrophic . 
  however , i see it as a boil than needs to be lanced , better sooner than later , it is not getting easier . 
  i believe germany will not be first . 
  while popular opinion may be against the euro , the politicians know about it 's importance ( especially merkel , who grew up in an unfree country ) . 
  and i think if a `` satellite country '' , finland say , wants to quit , germany will just bribe them to stay in . 
  we have done this for years , giving up money for the greater good/european unification issues ( that 's what soros refers to as `` giving more , demanding less '' ) . 
  and i really hope the euro will be saved . 
  there is idealistic motivations for this , from somebody who just wants everybody to get along . 
  and there is economic motivations . 
  i think the importance of the euro to an economy which exports a lot into the eurozone can not be underestimated . 
  we can pour a lot of money into this thing and still come out in the black . 
  which may be part of the problem   i do n't believe in it , and if i do not , you can bet that a lot of other people do n't , so you are right , it is a herculean task selling it . 
  after reading your answer , i sat and tried to think what would convince me to a ) believe in the euro b ) be willing to transfer huge amount south and pay off other countries debt ( i know , we are not in the ez , thought experiment ) . 
  unfortunately , nothing really could convince me . 
  however it flies , even if they were to remake the maastrich treaty , i am still convinced just more of my money will end up south . 
  that is the problem , no matter how he sells it , that is the result , and it ca n't be overlooked . 
  personally , i am also extremely against it because of the rulebreaking that is not stopping - nothing lasting can be built upon treating treaties like toilet paper , and the enormous democratic deficit . 
  fair points . 
  i have no counterarguments . 
  only this weak excuse : i personally , and maybe german ( elites , phew ) may be willing to give up more than a ( random , prolly well educated ) swede . 
  not trying to be better than you , it is just the way i feel : if i have to give up disproportionally much for the greater good , screw it , go ahead . 
  that 's a minority sentiment though . 
  but if the fiscal/banking/whatever union is not coming , it may still be worthwhile to just send money southways . 
  germany is selling a lot of stuff , and even more to the eurozone . 
  i have not done the math , but it 's not unlikely that for every krona we send south we get 40 \u00f6ren back ( yes , i went there ) . 
  that may still be a net win , factoring in europe still standing . 
   personally i think it was best if the giips countries quit and quickly became competitive again - i hope that will happen , they are most certainly not in a fun place ... however , germany leaving will certainly be interesting . 
  as in `` interesting times '' ? 
   yes , it is rather unfair , but they are not really in a happy place right now . . 
  i think we can take it . 
  it 's counterproductive , since it will make further `` help '' more unpopular ( and it is needed , since austerity is downwards oriented ) . 
  still , i think we can `` tank '' this . 
   i do think it is a bit refreshing reading from someone who is at least attempting to solve the crises , and discuss some of the underlying issues . 
  far to often it is just short snippets of how the banks fail etc. 
  read [ krugman 's ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/ ) blog . 
  if you are left-leaning ( and a swede will probably always be `` left '' by american standards ) , chances are you will find your positions reflected . 
  also , he seems quite convincing to me ( i do n't know anything about economics , i am a mathematician ) . 
  p.s : i like you . 
  you seem one of those commenters that do n't just spread national sentiments . 
  dam you swedish neutrality !, 
   but time for what ? 
  that is the question . 
   i have no doubt that a second bailout will be required a few months down the road . 
  germany has federal elections in september . 
  to ze reeducation camp wiz him !, 
  zere he will learn to drink real beer !, 
  no more speed limits !, 
  leberwurst instead of bacalhau !, 
  m\u00fcller instead of ronaldo !, 
  melancholie instead of saudade !, 
  that 's not a new idea . 
  the wikipedia article on the eu debt crisis links [ this ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-06-09/euro-may-have-to-coexist-with-a-german-led-uber-euro-business-class.html ) and [ this ] ( http://wallstreetpit.com/76397-to-save-the-euro-germany-has-to-quit-the-euro-zone/ ) and some more ( sources start at around 400 ) . 
  i think it boils down to this : no matter what we do , the euro crisis is going to cost the german ( and finish and dutch and . . ) taxpayer huge sums of money . 
  be it a marshal plan , eurobonds , a euro breakup or just permanent wealth transfers to `` the south '' , somebody has to pay it . 
  at this point , i think it is unavoidable and only a matter of time ( maybe after the elections in september ? ) . 
  the question is : how do we avoid this from happening again ? 
  while the ( german ) public might be ( extremely grudgingly ) willing to shoulder the burden once , it will demand guarantees that this will not happen again ( and rightly so , i think ) . 
  or to put it another way : while at this point , it may not be important why some countries need help , if there are excesses again ( there have been some . 
  i am not saying everybody `` south '' is evil and lazy and whatnot . 
  ) , the proverbial is gon na hit the cooling device . 
  actually , i thought about soros alot today ( when i should have been working ) . 
  i just read a news article , so i was pleasantly surprised when i read ( most of ) his speech . 
  i especially like his 60 % cutoff idea . 
  that might help towards the above mentioned guarantee . 
  still , to sell something like this will be a herculean task . 
  he also correctly remarks that germany did not want to be a `` leader '' . 
  the hitler mustaches around the `` south '' tell you exactly why . 
  maybe we should ask ` murica and israel how to deal with those flag burning shenanigans ... 
  there is quite a large number of german ( and prolly uk ) retirees in mainland spain , on madeira , he baleares and the canary islands . 
   troika ( damn it i hate this word ) i predict that in five years , on seeing a chariot with three horses in front , people will subconsciously hear the imperial march or the horst wessel song . 
   i do not blame modern germans for anything , i blame there government for making the entire situation reach critical levels .
