  edited for clarity, 
  anything would be better than the pkw-maut . 
  but that 's just the reality of the situation : without a fiscal union , long term wise the euro can not be continued like it is currently . 
  economic imbalances must be addressed with some kind of implicit or explicit transfer mechanism , otherwise they will spiral out of control and we will have a neverending series of last-minute bailouts . 
  i 'm under the impression that a eurotax would be used to do things , as opposed to burying the money somewhere in brussels . 
  moreover , some countries would probably get more out of those things than they pay . 
  otherwise there would be no reason to pool parts of the budget at all . 
  to be fair , 800 $ is n't that much even for a small country , 
  he outlines the geographical boundaries of europe at some point , and the eastern border are the urals . 
  from this i conclude that he ultimately sees russia 's place with europe . 
  being a fraternity student means belonging to a tiny minority . 
  many fraternities also are associated with outdated values ( means : very conservative , sometimes xenophobic ) . 
  as someone on the moderate left if i could probably give you a very long list of fraternities i would consider close to or over the line . 
  that being said , i know a few guys from apolitical fraternities that i had no issue having a beer with . 
  at least at my university , fraternities were a small minority though . 
  not sure about the trend , but i 'd be surprised if it went upwards . 
  i know this is a joke , but unless the unthinkable happens , greece is a member of the eu and fully entitled to rely on the eu 's emergency mechanisms . 
  and that includes assistance in natural disasters . 
  that being said , even if a hypothetical post-grexit greece should have to rely on emergency capacities , i would still be entitled to help , since still a friend . 
  hmm , that would roughly fit . 
  not sure what impact it had on trade balance . 
  we are now in `` would have '' territory though , 
  to get that out of the way , there is no doubt that germany benefits tremendously from the euro , and probably more so than any other country . 
  i do have a question though : the exchange rates of the euro currencies were fixed on january 2 , 1999 , but at least to me the slope of the graph doesnt ' t begin to increase until a few years later ( it 's a bit hard to see due to the 9/11 dip ) . 
  shortly after , we also had the hartz labor market reforms . 
  do you have an explanation for that ? 
  i remember that the euro slumped a bit during the time when it was only a virtual currency and it started to appreciate after there were physical coins and bills , but that does n't give germany competitiveness relative to the other eurozone countries . 
  in fact , the rising euro should be bad for germany . 
  how do economists explain that ? 
  but if a fiscal union comes , greece does n't need a perfectly viable permanent solution right now , they only need one to last until the union comes . 
  in particular , such a solution does n't have to solve debt relief , it should be focused on stopping the bleeding . 
  if only . 
  merkel is fucking untouchable . 
  transgressions of her underlings do n't touch her . 
  i would say personally she is not corrupt ( and many agree ) , so no hope there either . 
  and she is just 60 , so we might be in for another decade of '' \u00d6hhm '' and raute of doom . 
  my personal bet is that she and the queen have a bet going on , and it 's going until the end of time . 
  i do n't see anyone serious pretending that greece is ever going to repay those debts in full , even after a hefty inflation discount . 
  possible solutions are * extend and pretend at infinitum , so greek debts are never going to mature * move to a fiscal union with transfers and oversight , and the problem vanishes i prefer # 2 but it might take a while . 
  keep in mind that the general electorate over here spends very little time researching the greek crisis and probably has no idea what the measures actually entail . 
  yeah . 
  currently we are on the autobahn to hell though , and it is paved impeccably for very high speeds . 
  i do n't think that there are sinister motivations behind this . 
  merkel certainly is not very ideological and she would make a terrible villain . 
  it 's just that the gap today appeared so deep that it requires at least one party to make a leap of faith . 
  and since tsipras seems to want to avoid a grexit at all costs , suddenly the creditors hold all the cards again and the leap will be his to make . 
  as i said , the way greece has to [ walk to canossa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walk_to_canossa ) now is way over the line imho . 
  yeah , i mean it 's not inconsistent with what has been said in the morning : there is no trust in greece delivering , so they make greece pass all the laws this week and only afterwards greece gets the bailout . 
  plus greece provides ( economic ) hostages to guarantee their compliance . 
  if your start from stubb/sch \u00e4uble assumptions and then draw conclusions , this is where you might end up . 
  but seriously , the fuck ? 
  i 'm all for pooling sovereignty for a fiscal union , but this is making greece a protectorate . 
  it 's about time france make their fucking move and save us all , because i want to be no part in such a heinous deal . 
  i always hated the talk about `` surrender '' and `` humiliation '' , but i can not help but feel that this is exactly what is demanded right now . 
  insane . 
  the finance minister 's first name is euclid . 
  he would n't dare . 
  comments like yours are part of the problem . 
  only one topic can be sticky at a time , and that is currently the greek megathread . 
  oh , i should be more clear : construction of a third set of locks has begun recently . 
  i was using this as an example for infrastructure projects that should have been built years ago but were not . 
  yeah sure , i am not suggesting to new-deal-style spend just to keep debt up at 50 % . 
  given how hard it is to just keep it stable i did n't spend much thought un * that * aspect  on the second count , i must disagree . 
  sure , bunds can be used to transfer wealth to the wealthy , but so can a lot of things . 
  i maintain my point that ultra-safe assets play a useful role in the economy . 
  the kiel canal and the autobahn crossing it are federal water/highways so the federal government ( mis ) manages them . 
  and in case of the kiel canal , there is only one of it so replacing locks is going to have an impact no matter what ( although they are trying to minimize it apparently ) . 
  i understand what you are saying but i am not quite under the impression that the limiting factor with respect to infrastructure is the temporary impact on traffic rather than availability of funds . 
  two reasons : first , there are opportunities where investing one tax euro will return several euros of growth , so * not * borrowing to invest will lose an opportunity . 
  it 's the same reason that private companies borrow . 
  second , if there were zero german debt , the economy would lose out on a super safe investment vehicle . 
  life insurance companies , for example , are bound by law to invest only in aaa-grade stock . 
  if there were no bunds , a large share of that would disappear . 
  this is not as important for smaller economies that are n't big enough to matter , but germany definitely is not a small economy . 
   to be fair , i think infrastructure is more of a logistic problem than a financial one . 
  while there is certainly need for improvement in that regard , traffic is very sensitive to infrastructure measures which comes with its own problems yes , but delaying stuff until it becomes unavoidable does n't seem to be a great strategy either . 
  i may be biased as muschelschubser , but under ramsauer a lot of infrastructure spending went to bavaria and not much to s-h . we urgently need more investment into the kiel canal , where both pairs of locks are from imperial times . 
  those locks broke down in 2013 , causing millions of economic damage around the baltic sea . 
  and a bridge over the canal had to be closed to heavy traffic cutting of a lot of business from the rest of the world . 
  they are finally building a new set of locks but you see the pattern : we need to invest when there is still time , not two years after stuff fails ... 
  i will say that i do n't think that you are wrong . 
  and alluding to preparing against a possible crisis , to be safe , of course can not be without effect on any german worth their salt  that being said i also see problems with the infrastructure that is in dire need of investment , the education sector which * needs * more money very seriously ( and education is our natural resource so not investing in that is folly ) and so on . 
  and you are right in appealing to anti cyclical measures which demand restraint in spending right now when the economy is expanding . 
  but given that a large part of europe is currently stagnating at best , the european in me would looove to see some stimulus ... 
  sure , we should reduce it . 
  i think very long term we should aim at a 50 % debt to gdp ratio . 
  however , i disagree about the rate we use to reduce the debt . 
  having a moderate budget deficit relative to gdp growth leaves room for investments ( and supposedly those do stimulate growth ) . 
  and even though our debt-to-gdp rate is higher than maybe it could be , germany is still considered one of the most trustworthy debtors in the world . 
  bunds are only behind us treasury bills in terms of safety , so there seems to be some wiggle room . 
  ` hate the sinner , love the sin ' or something like that ... 
  strongly disagree . 
  we borrow at zero interest right now and there is billions of demand for investing into roads , rail , education , childcare , even defense . 
  and that 's just the stuff at home . 
  the only reason not to run a moderate ( 1-2 % gdp ) budget deficit right now is so we can point fingers at others . 
  oh god please no . 
  we had similar problems with other issues . 
  when it came to sanction russia last year everyone blamed germany for blocking it ( i still remember the `` ms. merkel-ribbentrop '' comments ) even though there were other countries that opposed increasing pressure on russia ( hungary , italy ) . 
  and now that the sanctions are in place it appears to be merkel 's task to keep everyone on the same boat . 
  or take the migrant quota system that basically everyone * except * germany rejected : when it comes to assigning blame for leaving italy and greece alone with this , germany is first in line .
