  the tone has gone from perfectly valid criticism of german leadership ( which is fine and which i agree with ) to calling insults and suggesting that germans are busy selling eastern europe to russia , only care for themselves and like eating the living , beating hearts of little kittens . 
  just like with the sovereign debt crisis . 
  and every little step is `` not enough '' , ergo germoney = evil . 
  i like discussing stuff here , but the atmosphere has become so hostile and some threads have become so circlejerky that , besides the occasional joke , i 'd rather not . 
  pikemen against tanks - it will be a slaughter . 
  poor russians . 
  i thought about this yesterday . 
  if we ca n't get ourselves top put permanent nato troops into eastern europe , why not exercise the shit out of the fields there . 
  this way , the `` no permanent troops '' bunch get their wish , we still have boots on the ground and they get to train too . 
  and given the loss of demand after russia 's self-sanctions , i would guess there are a lot of farmers in eastern europe why would gladly take compensation for damaged crops because tanks . 
  we tell the russians we are just exercising . 
  they ca n't reasonably ^ 1 complain , because they did just that a few weeks ago up and down the ukrainian border . 
  and when we are done with the exercise , do a mock skirmish against `` red land '' , and then an anti-terror training . 
  and then it will be time for an exercise again , i feel . 
  1 ) of course they can complain unreasonably . 
  and they will . 
  i think that was taken back a while ago . 
  not that it matters . 
  edit : never mind . 
  too early for reading comprehension , 
  schr\u00f6der is not exactly following the party line . 
  annex canada and the north pole . 
  easy . 
  russia ( or rather putin ) is no interested in deescalation though . 
  russia has steadily been increasing the tensions throughout the last months . 
  first there was only protests , and the occupation of a town hall here and there . 
  then there were bigger groups of `` concerned citizens '' , and suddenly they were more or less organized and had russian commanders ( who * just * happened to have quit active military service ) . 
  and then they had military hardware and were shooting down planes and giving the ukrainians tank battles , while russian troops unlearned the concept of border . 
  and that is without the crimea , where russia invaded and annexed a part of a sovereign nation whose territorial integrity russia had guaranteed . 
  putin is slowly escalating this , each step too little to provoke a red line reaction . 
  but the moment the west sends a firm response , rt will pounce and speak of western homo nazi aggression . 
  if the russians can march their troops up to the ukrainian border , then we can park our stuff in poland and the baltics wherever we damn well please . 
  if need be , we claim that nato troops are on apple vacation in poland . 
  i am not so sure about her actually having a plan . 
  but her hesitation i know about , and i hate it . 
  sometimes i even miss schr\u00f6der ( who is now putins best friend ) : he would announce a decision and stick with it , basta . 
  was n't always the best decision , and he was an idiot to boot , but at least you knew what 's up . 
  the question was `` so you are still considered to have the best connection to putin . 
  [ ... ] do you know what he wants ? 
  do we still have to expect an invasion ? '', 
  answer : `` so there are quite differing opinions on ... the free trade agreements . 
  i just want to say , as someone who was allowed to witness that we germans were allowed to reunite , with the blessing of our neighbors , it is important that the ukrainian people should also be allowed to chose their path freely . 
  and if the happened to decide that they want to join the eurasion union , then of course the eu would never create a big conflict out of it . 
  we do , however , we pin our hopes [ translation not quite adequate ] on the ukrainian 's free decision [ to join the eu bloc ] . 
  i also value the territorial integrity of the ukraine and that all ukrainians be heard . 
  that is also poroshenko 's plan . 
  and now we have to see how to get out of this very dangerous situation . 
  here is the video in question , seems not to be region-locked to germany ( but it 's in german , of course ) http://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/sendung/bab/bab-3019.html question begins 1:45 , answer about 2:00 but the first 30 seconds are the typical merkel blabla . 
  the passage in question begins at about 2:45 . 
  my interpretation is the following : there is a nontrivial group of people in germany that believe that the west has decided to gobble up another country , staged a coup on the maidan and now forces the ukraine to orient themselves westward by means of a puppet regime , against the expressed will of many ukrainians , particularly in the eastern part . 
  the way i wrote it is probably a putin troll would say it , but less heavy-handed versions of this are not without clout here , in particular on the left and far left ( in particular because it does contain a grain of truth : the transition of power was not exactly a poster child and there were people in the eastern part not happy with it ) . 
  merkel was answering this sentiment and said : if the ukrainians do n't want to align themselves with the eu , wen wo n't force them . 
  but we hope they do [ and currently it looks like the are doing it ] . 
  no selling out to russia . 
  that will never happen . 
  i do n't like merkel , her politics and her style . 
  but it is abundantly clear that she is n't interested in money in the slightest . 
  she likes power . 
  such a position does n't give the kind of power she likes . 
  and she hates putin . 
  you can say many bad things about merkel , but not that she can be bought . 
  she did not say that . 
  i just watched the interview in question . 
  stop spreading lies . 
  / r/europe will find a way to bash germany and conveniently forget the french , spanish and italians , i 'm sure . 
  germany still can not into humor , i guess , 
  people have been against fracking long before russia even became a problem . 
  besides , if everybody who disagrees with you is a ~ ~ witch ~ ~ kremlin shill , why even have a discussion ? 
  way to piggyback a political agenda under the cover of a serious and pretty tragic crisis . 
  ( if you were sarcastic , it was not obvious to me ) edit : meh , this humor thing keeps getting me ... 
  but we * are * on the same side as everyone else . 
  on top of the sanctions ( which are also valid for german companies , just to be clear ) , we actually canceled that training center deal which was worth a few 100 millions . 
  and if you refer to germany standing on break re : sanctions , so were the british , the french and the italians . 
  yet everyone here makes it seem as if we already partitioned eastern europe with russia . 
  which i am getting very tired of . 
  we send the monies we owe to gazprom to some gay rights organization instead . 
  if the russians complain , we claim it was an accident . 
   yeah , classic [ swiss ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liechtenstein%e2%80%93switzerland_relations#incidents_involving_the_swiss_military ) - style excuse . 
  ftfy, 
  that is also a holiday in france . 
  funny that some of our neighbors share public holidays ... 
  and what 's on drunk calling a cab ? 
  there must be a catch-22 there too , right ? 
   ` cheese eating speak for yourself . 
  i learned a lot of new cheese variants from a french coworker . 
  the french know good food . 
  period . 
  is it field grey though ... 
  missing : russia - concerned citizens & destabilization . 
  build a tunnel np, 
  the war in afghanistan was pretty legit . 
  that was a direct response to an attack on the us , and i remember that nobody really complained when the us went in . 
  you do , however , have a tiny german minority . 
  so you better start apologizing for 1992 , * or else * ... ... ... concerned citizens will cover your beaches in towels , drive on the road without headlights and cause general mayhem !!, 
  sometimes i feel like late eighties . 
  i am turning 30 this year ( gasp ) . 
  still does n't hurt to say sorry . 
  i am too young to take part in that crimes , and so are my parents . 
  still , it is my nation that did it . 
  i am very proud of how we ( largely ) handled that part of our history .
