   i am not thinking about that just yet . 
  i have worked too hard over the last few months and am too emotionally involved to think about afterwards just yet !, 
  let 's wait and see , not long now !, 
  oh , do n't worry . 
  laying out alternatives * now * would be kinda ridiculous , and it would certainly not be polite to come asking on friday or saturday in case remain wins . 
  * if * it does ( my preference , but of course i do n't have a say in that ) , however , sometime down the road i would be interested in your opinion on non-leave approaches on how to fix some of the eu 's problems , as far as they are actually fixable ( i think the lacking common public/demos might be a tough nut to crack ) . 
  stay safe campaigning !, 
  gon na have to second this . 
  you were easily one of my top ten accounts before i left / r/europe , and everytime i open your user page you are still polite and eloquent . 
  i 'd be very interested in what you 'd think would be wise to do in case remain wins . 
  let 's hope that the vote will be for what ultimately is best for the uk and europe ( and i 'm sure those two align no matter which one it would be ) . 
  merkel would be harder to attack for sure , but she certainly is n't as well guarded as potus . 
  if someone really wanted to hit her , it could probably be done . 
  i mean , people noticed merkel shopping in the background of an episode of shopping queen . 
  fair enough . 
  my bad . 
  that article actually names hm as the sovereign in the first sentence . 
  of course , the uk is a democracy and parliament holds supreme power for any intents and purposes , but * technically * , the queen is the source of all that power , even if unused by convention for decades , if not centuries . 
  hence the `` factually '' and `` legally '' . 
   parliament is sovereign factually yes , but legally the sovereign is the queen , right ? 
  yes , but that still leaves the fdp . 
  it 's disingenuous to say that afd is the only party being against immigration . 
  please . 
  csu have been bitching against immigration ever since i can remember , and they have been particularly vocal during the last year or so . 
  so have ( tentatively ) fdp . 
  everyone claiming that no party except the far right is against immigration is flat out wrong . 
  imho we should invite a bunch of countries every now and again . 
  how about a brazilian entry , or a canadian one ? 
  as long as it stays the * euro * vision song contest , why not ? 
  of course we should n't invite the americans , they would n't understand the concept . 
  i totally agree with the thread on top . 
  the two years can be extended by mutual consent . 
  if the negotiations look like an agreement can be found , but more time is needed , such an extension surely will be agreed on . 
  that sounds really bad . 
  over here , kebab is well-regulated and delicious , and i will fight to the death anyone trying to take it from us . 
  let them have it . 
  we have the world cup , no need to get greedy . 
  afd are in favor of a very 50 's model of society . 
  that includes women staying at home and gays and other minorities being disenfranchised , if not outright jailed ( statements like this have been made ) . 
   in any case there is miles of distance between even the most conservative europeans and mainstream muslim middle-east attitudes . 
  that might or might not be true , but afd are not conservative ( we have a perfectly good party for that ) , they are reactionary . 
  on top of that , the parties most opposed to taking in refugees are n't exactly shining beacons of feminism and lgtb rights . 
   yeah , sure , mass murdering never occured . 
  just orders , am i right ? 
  neither did i say that , nor did i imply it . 
  you are being unreasonable . 
   it gets used time to time . 
  it should n't though , it should be punished as spreading lies and making poland guilty of this whole genocide . 
  honestly , this is a non-issue over here , but i did google it a bit before replying to you . 
  i know the term got used in a zdf film , and obama used it , too ( he 's not german though ) . 
  let me be clear : there is neither an organized campaign nor an unwritten , silent agreement to blame camps like auschwitz ( note that i , like everyone else , use the german name ) on poland . 
  people are being lazy now and then , but as i said : this is carelessness , not some assault on the honor of poland . 
  everyone knows german nazis ran those camps and even if you were to name collaborators , the agenda and command are clearly stemming from nazi germany . 
   actually , there was ( is ? ), 
  a movement in germany that wanted lands poland has gained after ww2 , suggesting we were guilty of this war . 
  i do n't remember the name for now , i 'd have to look for it once i have a time . 
  if you want to do me a favor , look it up . 
  i 'd be quite interested on the intellectual hoops they have to jump through to blame wwii on poland , of all countries . 
  i guess it will be quite entertaining . 
  i know of a small group of people ( mainly the bund der vertriebenen - group of expelees ) that disagree with the ceding of german territory to poland after the war . 
  actually , not all of them do , i think . 
  as far as i know , even they do n't blame the war on poland . 
  anyway , they are irrelevant , and 95 % of germans do n't give a shit about territory that is now polish - what should we do with it , anyway ? 
  kick out all the poles ? 
  and then what ? 
  besides , poland would have to voluntarily cede the land , since the cessation is guaranteed by four nuclear powers and germany and poland are allied ( twice ) anyway . 
  the border is final . 
  do look up the other group though . 
  we can have a great laugh together !, 
  the schengen opt-out makes sense though . 
  the uk is on an island , so most travel from the rest of the eu to the uk and vice versa is via transportation that has id checks anyway for security reasons . 
  border controls in this situation add very little hassle , so the extra security is basically free . 
  i 'm generally not a fan of eu member cherry picking , but this one makes sense . 
   spreading myths of `` polish death camps '' , blaming it on poland that 's not really happening . 
  `` polish death camps '' gets used from time to time , but generally , that 's due to carelessness and not due to malevolence . 
  everyone gets taught in school who ran those camps . 
  your case for poland being owed reparations would be much stronger if it was only grounded on grievances that actually occurred . 
  [ tu darmstadt ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:adler,_robert-piloty-geb%c3%a4ude,_tu_darmstadt.jpg ), 
  whoa , i knew about this in principle , but seeing it graphically is really impressive . 
  reading through the thread again , it appears a lot of people have no idea about the facts though :(, 
  india 's fertility rate is also not very high , currently about 2.4 and further declining . 
  in fact , most places in the world have fertility rates around replacement level ( world averate is 2.5 ) , and fertility rates generally fall to that level within one generation if a certain level of prosperity comes to the country in question . 
  they are already sinking in e.g. , mali . 
  immigrants also tend to match the fertility of their target country within a generation or so . 
  most serious projections i know have the world population balloon to somewhere around 10 billion ( give or take 2 ) and then stagnate , or even fall . 
  just under 7000 actually . 
  in the case of poland , specifically , remind them that we have sacrificed for them and that the sanctions on russia ( which are n't that popular in germany to begin with ) do n't necessarily have to stay . 
  on top of that , even in the face of disagreement , the eu usually agree on something eventually . 
  if the nation unwilling to sign up for counter-tariffs ( assuming they even have a say and things do n't get decided in brussels anway ) , nations like germany , france and possibly italy can always escalate things up to just under point of threatening to end the eu . 
  i do n't believe even the us can simultaneously field the potential cost of a huge trade war and sufficiently bribe off enough member states to stop any response . 
  not even counting that this would be an extremely hostile act , to which i think transatlantic relations have n't remotely cooled yet . 
  we might see a small-scale tussle at some point , but unless trump actually fills in his government , the eu is going to win on bureaucratic prowess alone . 
  and i do n't believe industry leaders on either side of the pond really want to see an all-out trade war between you and us . 
  the idea might not be the most popular , particularly in the south . 
  however , most governments understand that this is one of the very points of the eu : be safe against being picked off one by one . 
  if the us can bully around the largest economy in the eu , they ( and others , like , say , russia ) can do it to smaller nations as well . 
  think of the eu as collective defense in trade . 
  coordinate stuff . 
  the office of the chancellor has departments mirroring the different ministries , for example . 
  coordinate the schedule of the chancellor , and have information at the ready if required .
