  if you naturalize in germany , they routinely ask you to give up your old citizenship , except if this is not ( really ) possible . 
  if you are a child of foreigners that live in germany for a while , and you are born in germany , you get the german citizenship . 
  but before your 23rd birthday , you have to give up either the german citizenship or that of your parents , if you have it . 
  on the other hand , it is of course not impossible to have dual citizenship . 
  but the official aim ( by international treaty , too ) , is to avoid it . 
  hmm , i know that you can deduce taxes paid in other states from german tax owed . 
  also , if he gives up us citizenship , he does n't have that problem anymore . 
  also i would assume that the us and germany have a double tax treaty . 
  as far as i know , the us taxing their citizens living abroad is mainly aimed at wealthy businessmen relocating to the bahamas or countries like that . 
  check out the [ wikipedia ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_staatsangeh%c3%b6rigkeit#einb.c3.bcrgerung ) page ( which is pretty accurate , i cross-checked with the law a few weeks back ) . 
  generally , you have to give up the us citizenship . 
  germany is not a fan of dual citizenship . 
  i personally feel that this is unlikely of you do n't live in germany . 
  of course , there is [ citizenship by birth ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_staatsangeh%c3%b6rigkeit#bei_geburt_durch_einen_deutschen_elternteil_.28abstammungsf.c3.a4lle.29 ) , in wich case you are german if your parents were german when you were born ( check , assuming you are older that 12 ) . 
  does n't say anything about dual citizenship or expiry dates . 
  would cross-check again with the embassy , or maybe some german ministry . 
  if this all does n't work , just try to get a visa , live here for a while and then naturalize . 
  will cost you the us citizenship though . 
  or you just live in germany with the us citizenship . 
  it 's not the worst , it 's not like you are from a third world country ( people from there tend to have it a bit less easy ) . 
  what ? 
  i lived there for a while , and it 's not that hard . 
  had problems the first few days , and then it was all nice and dandy . 
  half the people in argentina do n't even have the more extreme features in their language , it 's mainly in buenos aires . 
  no , i am quite convinced that the crisis countries are mostly at fault for what got them into trouble : spain had a construction bubble that everyone saw coming , cyprus had dodgy banking of size seven times their gdp , italy is a political mess and greece has problems with corruption , tax evasion and did n't even meet the criteria for the euro in the first place . 
  not sure about portugal , maybe they are just unlucky . 
  these countries being in the euro made things worse though : the easy way of devaluating their currency is no longer available , and the forced austerity may well be the mistake that destroyed europe as we know it . 
  so that 's where we have to act . 
  at this point , we are just trying to fight the symptoms of the construction defects of the euro . 
  we have to get rid of the root of the issue . 
  de repente , el turco mira al yanqui : `` no le das ideas ! '', 
  we do n't have to throw our weight around . 
  but we need to be more active . 
  i agree with the others in this thread in that we can leave the bombing of third world countries to the americans . 
  i mean , you saw that shitstorm when we bombed those oil tankers . 
  but there is stuff that needs to be done . 
  european integration has stagnated , and the euro as such is very obviously not in a good shape . 
  we all know that , the way it is now , the euro can not function , because competitiveness differentials will always cause imbalances . 
  and the strong countries can not just become less competitive , as that sets back the eurozone against the rest of the world . 
  if we do not want to return to national currencies ( and i do not , and i think it would be against germany 's interests to do so ) . 
  then changes need to be made . 
  we need a fiscal union , at least partially . 
  not all budget parts need to be centralized at ~ ~ berlin ~ ~ brussels , but i feel that without pooling budget for some things ( unemployment benefits , for example ) , europe will tear itself apart . 
  yes , that means sending money south . 
  yes , it 's pretty much worth it . 
  that is a monumental task , but it is * us * that need to start it . 
  nobody in the eu has accumulated so much power over recent years . 
  this is the moment , where we have the political capital to propose , negotiate and implement reforms , before the south hates us so much that no agreement can be made . 
  but of course , ~ ~ kohl ~ ~ merkel just sits and waits , and hopes that the problem goes away . 
  you can argue , of course , that we can also lay low . 
  but power entails responsibility . 
  if we are the big kid in the eu now , and no decision can be made against us , then we need to use that power for the common good . 
  we ca n't just sit in the middle of europe , export the shit out of it and slowly suffocate the other economies to death . 
  even if they made mistakes ( and most of the crisis countries had their sins ) , that does n't mean we can just let them die . 
  if you wanted to stick with nazi terminology , it would probably be `` ag\u00e4ische gaue '' . 
  technically , he * did * loot and pillage and space rape all the aliens he met . 
  that 's a matter of preference . 
  you present a formula , ready-made , but without the reasoning . 
  other proposals in this thread reduce the problem to one that is easier to calculate , where the reasoning is obvious . 
  learning to employ such tricks helps you in other ways , e.g. , if you wanted to cube something ( what 's the formula for that ? 
  ) , or guesstimate the result of a large multiplication ( how many seconds are there in a year ? 
  rough answer : 365 is about 400 , 24 is about 25 . 
  4 * 25 = 100 , add 2 zeroes to obtain 10.000 . 
  that 's the amount of hours in a year , slightly overestimated . 
  an hour has 3600 seconds , so you get 36.000.000 seconds . 
  substract a good 10-12 % or so and 32.000.000 sounds about right . 
  correct answer is 31.536.000 : close enough ) . 
  you telling this * now * ? 
  operation sea lion got way easier all of a sudden . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=99ydqz1pz5u relevant , if you speak german , or like to guess from pictures . 
  i do n't remember spanish or cypriot private debt in the news , so i naturally assumed public debt was meant . 
  my bad , i guess ? 
  i apologize , but i do n't understand you . 
  this is / r/europe , so it 's not about private or public debt . 
  it 's about europe . 
  op 's submission was about gdp-to-public-debt ratio , and the way i understand the question of / u/weneedmoresalt , he ( or she ) is confused why germany does not get the `` crisis '' label , even though germany has a higher gdp-to-debt ratio as spain . 
  you brought up private debt . 
  i do n't see why being off-topic would be bad by the way . 
  it 's because sovereign debt is not a problem per se . 
  if your creditors trust you that you will pay your interest and not default on the principal , you can have as much debt as you like as a country . 
  and that trust is closely related to how a national economy is seen . 
  germany has a large , diversified and highly competitive economy that is growing ( very slowly ) . 
  moreover , the high debt level is incurred primarily by two events : the reunification ( which has tremendous costs associated with it . 
  germany 's debt level spiked after 1990 , and well over the 60 % gdp maastricht criterion . 
  but since the reunification was seen as a reason for this , nobody complained ... ) and the bank bailouts/stimulus after the 2007 + crisis . 
  now debt is slowly being reduced ( currently below 82 % gdp ) . 
  also , germany has historically ( means after 1945 ) been a solid debtor with a strong economy . 
  spain , in comparison , is currently in a heavy economic crisis with record unemployment , recession ( i think . 
  not sure ) , a housing bubble that just went poof and public debt that is growing . 
  so creditors feel less safe about spanish debt and want extra interest . 
  the theory behind austerity measures ( as far as i understand it ) now seems to be that you cut public spending to reduce the growth of the debt , so confidence in a country returns . 
  that does not work , of course , if you also send the economy on a downward spiral by cutting public spending . 
  point in case : greece , spain , portugal . 
  that way , the `` confidence fairy '' ( krugman ) will not come and safe you . 
  you can do austerity to adjust an economy 's competitiveness , but you need to do it either in times of economic boom ( when the cut in public spending is set off by increased private economic activity ) or when you are export-heavy and everyone else is growing around you ( germany in 2003/4 ) . 
  what draghi did when he announced that the ecb will buy sovereign bonds of the crisis states is giving them back some of the confidence . 
  if spain owes you , and you fear default , now you know that you can always sell to the ecb , if push comes to shove . 
  so interest rates on spanish ( and greek , italian , portuguese ) bonds went down , even though draghi did not * actually * buy those bonds . 
  a point worth noting is also whether a country borrows in it 's own currency or not . 
  the us , for example , can never default , if congress does not want it to .
