  since they borrow in the us dollar , and they control the dollar , they can just print extra dollars to pay back any debt they have . 
  that will cause some inflation and will do nasty things to the economy and international standing , but technically , the us can never default . 
  the troubled economies of the european south do not borrow in their own currency , they borrow in euros . 
  germany currently gets to be as close to borrowing in their own currency as you can in a monetary union ( although the ecb * is * independent and draghi certainly does not answer to merkel ) . 
  the structure of the debt is also of importance . 
  japan has public debt well over 200 % gdp , but it 's mostly held by japanese companies , banks , pension funds and individuals . 
  those are largely expected to make sacrifices without complaints if their fatherlands needs it , so japanese interest rates have not skyrocketed like those of the eu crisis states . 
  the bottom line , in my opinion , is that germany should use their good standing to fund , or at least guarantee , a sort of `` marshal plan '' to help the south get back on track . 
  we should also run a higher deficit , and allow inflation to go up ( it 's way below the 2 % target for a while now ) . 
  since the ecb is independent , weimar is not a problem right now ( and probably never will ) . 
  interesting page . 
  i considered writing `` 20th century style full democracies '' . 
  in particular , if you demand that a democracy have women 's suffrage , most of it goes away . 
  the only one i would leave standing after skimming the page would be the `` football war '' , the rest involves either democracies that lack key features , are extremely young ( a year ) , involve civil unrest etc. 
  actually , on second reading that page says that too . 
  against germany of course  fun aside , tony blair remarked once that never in history have two democracies gone to war with each other . 
  so as long as we keep everyone democratic ( hi hungary , romania ) , that problem wo n't occur . 
  the 2 +4 treaty limits german military to about half a million ( or so ) . 
  current nominal strength is below half of that ( i faintly remember 195.000 as target strength ) . 
  germany does not have nukes , biological or chemical weapons and is either not allowed to or has voluntarily vowed not to have those ( i think it 's the latter ) . 
  we do participate in the us nuclear sharing agreement ( german jets train to deliver us nukes , and those nukes are still in germany , supposedly ) , and the french have repeatedly offered joint control over french force de frappe . 
  germany has politely declined . 
  it 's not very hard for an industrialized nation to obtain nukes though . 
  there are restrictions on former eastern germany . 
  i think it 's a nuke-free zone and iirc there may be restrictions on nato troop deployments there ( a moot point with poland 's accession to nato ) . 
  also germany is , together with japan , still subject to the u.n. enemy state clause , but that does not carry real significance . 
  the german constitution prohibits offensive wars and , in fact , makes preparation of this a criminal offense ( people have sued schr\u00f6der and fischer over kosovo , but to no success ) . 
  german political discourse has a problem with the openly uttered goal of power projection ( people are still mocking then german defense minister peter struck for saying that german security is now defended also in the hindukush mountains ) . 
  that 's all i can think of . 
  organized the execution of 335 italian civilians in retaliation for the killing of 33 ss men . 
  personally shot at least two . 
  this was a pretty high ranking ss man , so he will definitely go to hell when he dies . 
  apparently it 's not that easy . 
  i read a novel once that had this as a plot element ( `` the collini case '' , `` der fall collini '' , recommended btw ) . 
  the way it 's described there , there are cases under which retaliatory executions of civilians were allowed under international law of the time : you could not treat the people to be executed cruelly , you had to inform the civilian population afterwards ( in order to have the desired effect ) and you could not kill excessively many civilians . 
  yes , i know a novel is not the best source , but given the quality and the person of the author ( ferdinand von schirach ) , i would assume it to be actually well researched . 
  do n't have the time to fact-check now , so please call me out if wrong . 
  it is , of course , clear that under modern conventions such executions are seen as absolutely not allowed and that modern moral conventions see participation in such executions as war crimes . 
  clearly , and witnessed by rulings on these cases , many of the mass executions done by the nazis violate some , if not all of the conditions outlined above , and people * have * been sentenced for them . 
  only not enough , and many too mildly . 
  it is also clear that priebke * was * sentenced for his crimes , the scandal being his mild treatment and the fact that he actually has some following in italy ( tagesschau reports that his last big birthday party was some sort of semi-official function headed by the last major of the town in question ) . 
  claro que no es castellano . 
  zis is a good idea . 
  ve shall uze zis in our evil masterplan . 
  noone will see us coming . 
  hahahahahahaha ... 
  maybe he drew a hitler mustache on the `` f\u00fchrer '' 's portrait ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  the `` making baby '' part is typically something there is no lack of volunteers . 
  it 's the `` raising the baby '' part that is less popular . 
  recent innovations seem to have allowed to opt out of the latter , while reaping most of the benefits of the former . 
  but i must agree , it is time zat ze southerners repay us for all ze help and start sending some nice women to help wiz ze lack of babies here . 
  ( that 's something close to what you can probably read sometimes in bild ... ), 
  yes and no . 
  first , i really like the idea of the kfw lending ( or gifting , or whatever ) money to their southern counterparts . 
  those can give loans to companies that need it and do n't get it from banks ( because those are either too greedy , broke , or both ) . 
  in my wishful imagination , those companies then hire people and do stuff . 
  and those people get paid and buy stuff . 
  or you could just exempt this stimulus from the `` eu wide '' rule . 
  i mean , we have , together , broken so many of our rules already , might as well break it in an obviously good case . 
  also , i am proposing that germany unilaterally do stimulus . 
  we can obviously afford it to a certain extent . 
  but ve must balance ze budget !!!, 
  ! 1111 seriously , given current conditions ( real interest rate below zero , nominal interest rate close to zero , inflation way below target ) , i see absolutely no reason why we could not run a , say 2 % gdp budget deficit , use half of that for education , infrastructure and child care , and use the other half for stimulus in southern europe ( recently , the kfw lend a one billion euros to their spanish counterparts , to lend to businesses when the banks would not . 
  we could , * and should * expand that drastically ) . 
  this way , we even would bring down debt relative to gdp , just slower than with a balanced budget . 
  we could even cut some of the stupid crap the current government does to finance this . 
  like paying people not to send their children to daycare , or the hotel subsidies ... not borrowing and using the money to invest right now is a very silly business decision . 
  we will see what happens * after * the election . 
  if merkel wins , they will probably use money for 19th century ideas again . 
  to varying degrees . 
  i remember some random international summit in berlin in 1999 . 
  the portuguese president had two motorcycles and the state car , chirac had half a dozen police motorcycles and about three cars , blair about twice as much and clinton had dozens of motorcycles , german federal police squads , a car with a machine gun on top of it , a few ambulances , a bundeswehr field hospital truck , some more motorcycles , secret service , dozens of state cars and then the same in reverse . 
  and snipers on the roof of the reichstag . 
  the spanish president had about five cars . 
  let me guess : david hasselhoff ? 
  not a european currency , and i 'm not even from there , but here are what argentinians say ( lived there for a while ) : the currency is called the peso , and one peso is sometimes referred to as a `` mango '' ( like the fruit ) . 
  i think i have accidentally used this in german as well . 
  100 pesos are a `` gamba '' ( crab ) , but you rarely hear it . 
  one thousand pesos are a `` luca '' , and that is something you hear all the time . 
  do you ever hear things like that in spain too ? 
  with all the blue it looks more like eu3 with runaway ~ ~ bbb ~ ~ france . 
  the austrian flag on the shirt might also be a hint . 
  british ? 
  world literature . 
  a sad day . 
  sad that he could not see `` the quarry '' on the shelves . 
  i hope that he wakes up with the words `` simulation '' hovering over his feet , and an alien avatar about to check on him . 
  he would have earned it . 
  well , the civil union for gays was passed by red/green . 
  i have read that they did not pass it as full marriage equivalent because then , there would not have been a majority in bundesrat for it . 
  not sure whether that 's true tho . 
  i have also read somewhere that the reason the verfassungsgericht judged like it did was that gay civili union comes with the same duties as does vanilla marriage . 
  so , the verfassungsgericht says , it ought to have the same privileges . 
  somebody suggested that this was actually a clever plant back in 2001 , but i 'm not exactly sure whether it 's true . 
  you are not helping your case by comparing polish resistance against nazi germany with al-quaeda . 
  very well , so we agree then . 
  i am legitimately curious what you would consider the latest act of anti-polish nationalism . 
  the only thing i could think of would be the restriction of polish freedom of movement ( as in : freedom to work wherever they want ) after poland joining the eu . 
  a dumb idea , certainly , but not something i , personally , would name in the same sentence as the assault on poland .
