  but i also do see that not everyone sees or believes that we have changed ( or , to put it in other terms , wo n't return to that lunatic episode . 
  germany is not and has not been inherently evil ) . 
  so affirming that may be useful . 
  also i 'd like the polish to be our friends . 
  i 'd rather not have you as enemies , that 's for sure . 
  [ here you go . 
  we are sorry ... 
  please be our friends still ? 
  we have angela merkel . 
  that #s got ta count for a few jokes . 
  does n't count , [ you made that joke already ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2cbnog/jokes_about_other_nations/cjdymlt ) . 
  try again , 
  come to germany , your football players are already here , 
  you are crazy . 
  a few bad experiences ( which you do n't even have proof for , you just stipulate those ) justify a genocide ? 
  well , fuck , the danish football team won against our team in the 1992 euro finals . 
  let 's round them up and kill them all . 
  that will teach them . 
  given that they need blessed bullets , i guess they want to fight vampires . 
  easy conclusion : romania is next on putin 's list . 
  you heard it here first , folks . 
  i mean , i thought putin was pretty evil . 
  apparently there is still some good in him . 
  got ta confuse the nsa somehow . 
   because it 's people were obstracized in germany ostracized ? 
  you mean threatened , beaten up , discriminated against , boycotted , have their businesses vandalized and more or less forced to leave the country , often without significant parts of their property ? 
  ( i am referring to the conditions before wannsee ) . 
   based on their refusal to blend in with the majority culture contrary to what the `` st\u00fcrmer '' says , jews usually do n't look that different from other germans and were blending in just fine . 
  except they did n't go to a church , they went to a synagogue . 
  of course , the blending in got a bit more difficult once they had to wear a yellow star . 
   got into a very nasty genocide * for that * [ emphasis added ] are you serious ? 
  the holocaust was the fault of * the jews * ? 
  i 'm at a loss for words ... 
  let me use this opportunity to adapt an old east frisian joke : montenegro message to china : we declare war . 
  have one tank and fifty soldiers - china to montenegro : declaration of war accepted . 
  have five hundred thousand tanks and three millions soldiers - montenegro to china : sorry , we have to cancel the dow , not enough space here for all those pows . 
  i read on wikipedia that gorbachev offered it back to germany in 1990 . 
  kohl declined ( and rightfully so ) . 
  if russia ever gives up kaliningrad , it would make more sense to give it to poland . 
  so , and y' all make fun of us germans for having long words ? 
  honestly , i do n't know . 
  i do n't even know whether we export arms to russia , and , if yes , what type . 
  rheinmetall ( i think ? ), 
  had a $ 100m + contract for a combat simulation center or something like that , but the government vetoed shipping over the crimean crisis . 
  strong calls , however , we have no shortage of . 
  i am just annoyed that a lot of people in this sub love to harp on germany . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with the current policy , but pretending that germany alone blocks stronger sanctions is bullshit . 
  the other day people actually managed to pronounce germany evil ( ribbentrop evil ) for `` being in the bed with russia and blocking stronger sanctions '' and , on the other hand , for trying to damage france by calling for more sanctions , i.e. , stopping the mistral sale . 
  it 's so hypocritical when the uk wants to avoid backlash for the city , apparently still sells weapons to russia ( and small arms , personal protection gear and nv goggles * do * help the russians pull their shit in the ukraine ) , when france sells warships and when italy blocks for business reasons . 
  only people that have a right to complain are the eastern europeans . 
  german media reports today that the uk [ keeps sending small arms ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/grossbritannien-waffen-russland-100.html ) ( german ) to russia . 
  maybe stop that first ? 
  it 's seen the other way around here . 
  with the us going on to geopolitical adventures ( iraq ) , spying massively and killing via drones , a lot of people over here do n't trust the us anymore . 
  in a poll published on friday , only 35 % of the germans consider the us trustworthy . 
  that makes it a lot harder to sell the transatlantic partnership , and with relations cooling , germany does n't follow the us in all cases . 
  german elites would probably blame this rift thoroughly on the us , and would put the burden on the americans to make steps to mend this relationship . 
  heck , you * still * wo n't talk about this spying stuff . 
  what do you expect ? 
  i personally still would like the transatlantic partnership to go on , but america needs to take steps to maintain it . 
  otherwise , it will brake at some point ( which does n't not mean germany will ally with russia . 
  that 's probably not going to happen in a hundred years , contrary what people believe here ) . 
  that would be my assessment too . 
  o please god no . 
  i would strongly consider emigrating to mars if merkel becomes secretary general . 
  or to best korea , probably no difference . 
  then again , merkel * would * make a tremendous secretary general , `` strongly condemning '' left , `` being deeply concerned '' on the right and `` asking everybody to please talk with each other '' center . 
  on a more serious note , i think it was a worthwhile strategy to try to find a diplomatic solution . 
  going in guns blazing should be a last resort option , as the risks are incalculable . 
  it should also be pointed out that merkel has to keep in mind the german interests ; our economy is exposed to a sanction spiral more than others . 
  it 's easy to call for tougher sanctions from across the pond if you do n't have to pay through the nose for it yourself . 
  not even to mention the british bankers that do n't want financial restrictions , the french selling warships or the italians doing whatever they do ( i do n't even know ) . 
  it is , however , becoming very clear that it is about time to tighten the screws . 
  it does n't look like putin is going to cave in against purely symbolic gestures , so maybe we should really try to hurt him now . 
  poeple have suggested to ban russian oligarchs from shopping in europe . 
  that would be fun if all the `` businessmen '' suddenly dogpile on putin , 
  yes , but most flights do n't get shot down by regular military . 
  and it 's virtually impossible to avoid airspace that is within striking distance of any military at all . 
  the argument is that rebels on the ground do n't change the equation , because they do n't have access to sams . 
  on the plus side , if poland keeps moving west , soon cote d'azur can into poland !, 
  projected loser : poland , as per tradition . 
  next up : going to russia . 
  i wonder how that will work out ... 
  yes , but you know , there is weimar style hyperinflation happening like * tomorrow * we * need * to raise interest rates right now !!, 
  must be the same because we share pomerania . 
  that 's my story , and i 'm sticking to it < 3, 
  was goethe polish ? 
  does it really say `` cucumber season '' ? 
  in german it says `` saure gurken zeit '' , i.e. , `` sour cucumber time '' , which translates to idontknowwhatenglishidiomapplies '' . 
  it 's a joke on one of the three arguments american redditors use to justify their country 's unlimited spying : - everyone is doing it , and if other countries do n't spy that much , it 's because they do n't have the resources . 
  if they could , they would and that totally justifies it !, 
  - do n't be so naive , the world is not a kindergarten !, 
  - your government is in on it , so you have no right to be outraged !, 
  needless to say , all of them are pretty dumb . 
  there is three levels of saying gtfo ( in ascending order of severity ) : - politely asking the person to leave - formal declaration as `` persona non grata '' - having merkel express her complete and utter trust in the person, 
  let it go . 
  judging by the downvotes/upvotes , the hateful comments quickly sink to he bottom . 
  here , have a beer and celebrate !, 
  i did only skim the article , and i am on 7-1 beers now , so sorry if this is a low quality post . 
  a year or so back the supreme court argued that circumcision would violate the baby 's right to not experience bodily harm .
