  because zem backyards are zerious business , duh . 
  no comrade , convoy is driving in general direction of legally russian alaska and russian motherland right behind . 
  is needless provocation by amerikan fascist junta . 
  also russia now have right to also make convoy from baltics to germany because what about amerika ? 
  hey if you gib back nordschleswig , the reasonably priced beer may come even closer to you !, 
  wilhelm ii wanted all kinds of things depending on the time of the day . 
   which is impossible due to cyprus veto i have seen you post this before , but i do n't think this is a realistic assessment . 
  if it really comes to a situation where greece openly defies the rest of the eu , throws in their lot with russia , and acts as their `` trojan horse '' within the eu that there would not be a way ? 
  the eu routinely breaks their own rules when convenient , and the precedent of acting against the expressed dissent of one of the larger member states ( uk ) is there . 
  i find it extremely unlikely that in such an extreme situation with a member state acting just short of openly hostile ( with the public opinion on greece already not the best ) the eu would say `` well cyprus is against , so there is nothing we can do . 
  too bad . '', 
  i do n't think it will come to this , but i would n't bank on russia acting as a sugar daddy and simultaneously staying in the eu . 
  yeah , and the putin apologists call them `` russophobe '' and biased towards ukraine/west . 
  top kek . 
  / u/garibaldi _ pentito seems to be italian . 
  `` what about germany ?!! '', 
  works better when discussing with a german . 
  if the americans get even more popular , we might stop burning their flags . 
  that joke was probably too complicated to be funny :(, 
  if you keep going , maybe we could tentatively consider exploring the possibility of replacing american flags with coal as our main power source , 
   what do you base that observation on ? 
  do you have more detailed information on that at hand ? 
  i 'm not familiar with how this toll is supposed to work . 
  it 's generally said to cost more than it generates . 
  of course dobrindt says otherwise , but his projections are quite optimistic to say the least . 
   also , the damage from small cars is almost negligible compared to damage done by trucks , on the individual level . 
  it 's more about wear than mileage . 
  not sure if current or planned systems account for that . 
  and trucks do already pay road toll . 
  so as usual , the csu tackle a complete non-issue . 
  in think this is very much disputed and will very likely be settled in the highest relevant eu court . 
  additionally , even if it 's legal and moral and whatnot , that stupid road toll is probably not making profit for the government , i.e. , a taxpayer loss . 
  found the csu voter guys !, 
  in all honesty , the road tax is just cheap populism . 
  if you want road tax to be usage based like in france , be my guest . 
  but the system cooked up by dobrindt is nothing more than a bureaucratic monster that will end up costing money at the end . 
  so , i heard the eu can overrule national law that discriminates and is stupid . 
  yurop we need halp plox . 
  i disagree . 
  first of all , not all of those problems concern new members ( flaws in the design of the euro are not serbia 's matter for the forseeable future ) , and not all of the problems are considered problems by everyone . 
  a notable example would be the british public 's perception versus , say , in poland . 
  second , even if we all agreed on the problems , there would hardly be simple solutions to them , and getting everyone to agree on any such solution is a time-consuming process . 
  progress in the eu rarely comes in a swift , bold stroke ( and is prone to failure , see eu constitution ) . 
  rather , problems are fixed in small steps , sometimes larger leaps , but is always iterative . 
  the great treaty that fixes all the problems and turns us into the use with common political platforms and a unified people is not going to happen . 
  europe and the eu are unique with their multitude of different customs , peoples , nations , and thousands of years of history ( and often bloodshed ) behind it . 
  anything we do towards integration will have to account for that and many solutions will be convoluted to say the least . 
  it 's okay . 
  it 's the eu way and we can afford a bit of overhead . 
  and accession candidates know the rules of the club they are signing up for , so if they want in even though the eu has problems , who are we to say `` no , wait until we have sorted ourselves out '' , and deny them the likely huge boost in prosperity that other former warsaw pact countries have experienced in conjunction with eu membership ? 
  third , adding the rest of former yugoslavia ( plus moldova ) will not have a huge impact population-wise . 
  the number of parties to consider to any negotiation will increase by a bit , but this is already the case and still we pull it off sometimes . 
  the makeup population-wise will not shift that much . 
  the main challenge in adding the rest of yugoslavia will be a ) the relation of these countries to russia and b ) the recent history , including the recent wars , and their consequences . 
  i am confident we can work out something for these two . 
  just like old times . 
  germany and zombie germany , 
  i always forget , 
  the danish ( edit : and frisian ) minority party is part of the current government coalition over there , 
  as a matter of fact , germany is providing nuclear broomsticks to all the gay ss divisions in eestiball as we speak . 
  hard to say . 
  what does it mean to feel `` european '' in comparison to be `` german '' . 
  i still feel distinctively german , in that i make jokes about lack of humor , that i cheer the 4th world cup win , in that i cheer german engineering . 
  on the other hand , i love many of the things europe has brought to me ( schengen , the euro , rosetta , eu healthcare , common foreign policy if we can agree on it ) . 
  europe sunk in gradually . 
  starting with france ( holidays and exchanges around 1990 ) , exchange to poland in 1997 or so , the euro and so on . 
  and it came as a pleasant surprise that all of our neighbors are our friends during the 2000s . 
  that these friendships come with responsibilities ( i.e. , w.r.t defense ) is a recent thing , but it is clearly worth it . 
  it also gradually became clear that europe contains members which are not part of formally europe ( i.e. , the eu ) , but that they have the right to do so , if they want to ( like serbia , who still seem undecided ) . 
  and that the eu may have issues which need sorting out ( current structure of the euro ) . 
  it 's clearly the way to go though . 
  never has the future been so bright for germany , and precisely because it never has been so bright for europe . 
  germany 's and europe 's future are tied together , and we will make it work this time . 
  do n't tell him !, 
  yes . 
  i mean , i think that you are quite correct in that assessment sweetheart . 
  the `` usa erkl\u00e4rt '' blog they are linking i can quite recommend to germans though . 
  i have been reading it for years and , while scot seems to have run out of big topics , especially the early entries are really useful in getting a picture of the us that goes beyond george w , mcdonalds and the invasion of iraq . 
  actually , it was a 2nd world country by very definition , 
  fake !, 
  way too much small text . 
  almost exactly what i meant . 
   eurokrisenunsicherheitsstammtischlufthoheitspopulismus is referring to the cheap populism targeted at foreigners which arose in the wake of the euro crisis . 
  specifically some of the ridiculous ideas coming out of the csu to keep the `` air superiority over the regular 's tables '' ( road toll for foreigners , the idea to force immigrants to speak german at home , `` wer betr\u00fcgt der fliegt '' , etc ) . 
   weltmeisterschlandatemlosigkeitsgeschmacksverirrung is just the fact that many germans , in the aftermath of the * very much deserved * world cup victory got the crazy idea that stuff like `` atemlos '' by helene fischer is actual music , 
  you want a fucking novel or what ? 
  marches that go back to imperial times are probably a bit less suspicious  these two are probably known to most paradox gamers : [ preussens gloria \\ ( prussia 's glory \\ ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vck443rrde ) [ yorck ` scher marsch \\ ( general yorck 's march \\ ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xqhxso6mae ) the bundeswehr still uses both for representative marches . 
  last , but not least , maybe not so much a march but another song from imperial times , to be on guard against the pesky french ( < 3 ) : [ wacht am rhein \\ ( guard on the rhine \\ ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=okkrs4rl6pw ) ( you may know it from casablanca ), 
  sure , and that may have made it easier to go that route . 
  however , there is still a difference between barely getting the `` sorry '' through your gritted teeth and really meaning it . 
   there is no `` hearts and minds '' approach , just threats and posturing . 
  i think what makes it worse is that russia has tried `` hearts and minds '' at times , but the west has n't respected it as such or at least russia feels that way . 
  it 's the dilemma that the other guy decides when you have been nice to him for long enough , but of course you do n't want to be nice without tangible results indefinitely . 
  it 's a point russians have brought up a lot for a while : `` we did everything you wanted in the 90ies and see where it got us . 
  enough of that . '', 
  i do n't think that is entirely without merit . 
  but it also does n't justify threatening your neighbors . 
  really annoying problems right here , which i wish we would n't have . 
  russia is part of europe , so ultimately russia 's place is with europe , but currently neither party wants any of that :(, 
  germany has mended relations with their neighbors , so can russia .
