  not that i mind in the case of the afd ...  if the conservatives win the election in the uk ( big if ) then this will have an impact on german politics in my view . 
  the discussion of a renegotiation will have to be something that angela takes seriously . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , germany will consider it a disaster . 
  however , if labour win the election , it will be business as usual in europe . 
  really depends on how a hypothetical tory government sells their demands for renegotiation . 
  if they overdo it ( i.e. , demand change on things deemed core eu values ) , it 's possible that the `` ca n't help the crazy brits '' narrative will win out and , while undesirable , a more or less clean exit will be allowed to happen . 
  then it will get really interesting when it comes to renegotiating a post-eu relationship of the uk with the continent ( and this time , fog wo n't help you  ) . 
  not quite . 
  there are ( were ) quite a few jobs not unionized and under shitty pay ( hair-cutter/florist in brandenburg being the prime example ) . 
  gist of the matter is that the social democrats campaigned on the idea that you should be able to live of a 40hr/week job . 
  so we got a minimum wage . 
  he was in the red when i wrote that . 
  not anymore , so all good . 
  no , you did not say that and i hope i did n't suggest you said it . 
  if i did , my apologies . 
  what to upvote is up to you , really . 
  just downvoting because you do n't like an opinion is bad , so if you did n't do it , everything 's fine , 
   this was n't farage . 
  it was a ukip councillor who was then expelled . 
  ukip has had a problem with unsavoury views of some of its membership . 
  this is unsurprising and something that always happens with insurgent parties . 
  ukip have got much better at tackling this and expel people extremely quickly when this happens . 
  i stand corrected  to be honest i was being a bit lazy there , just remembered vaguely that i found ukip to be a bit yucky at some point and then of course there is guilt by association with other eurosceptic parties like the fn ( who , i think , we do n't have to argue with are decidedly shitty ) . 
   this is unsurprising and something that always happens with insurgent parties german afd has the same problem currently . 
  here , the wing around lucke ( right-wing , eurosceptic and national-conservative ) is currently losing to the brown openly racist npd copycat wing . 
  ukip certainly have made statements that are quite shrill , and i think some of them are clearly over the line ( i recall ( edit : someone other than ) farage blaming a bad flood on gay people or something on those lines ) . 
  however , like many protest parties , ukip also incorporates elements and opinions not found in more mainstream parties . 
  i remember / u/trucidator saying that they want the uk out of the eu , with reasons not entirely without merit ( e.g. , the democratic deficit of the eu ) . 
  that 's an issue you can vote ukip on without being a racist . 
  i disagree with the choice ( because i want the uk to stay ) and i do dislike ukip ( not in the least because of them doing what in germany would be called `` fishing on the right fringes '' ) , but i do n't remember / u/trucidator being racist or the like . 
  to the contrary , you can often find them to be very polite even in the face of open hostility . 
  you do n't have to upvote , but i find it low to downvote someone because they voted for a party i do n't like . 
  that would also make this thread quite useless because you have the left leaning parties at the top and the tories and ukip downvoted to the bottom . 
  why do the polls close that late though ? 
  do you not have mercy with the continent ? 
  it 's another hour later over here !, 
  do you know whether there will be somehow reliable predictions shortly after polls close , or is it like in the us where you have to wait though half the night to know what 's up ? 
  made a bet with myself on how much i would have to scroll down to find you  guys , i disagree with ukip like the next guy , but do n't you think downvoting / u/trucidator for just stating what he voted for is a bit silly ? 
  edit : never mind, 
   ah , so some germans are still sore over losing the war then . 
  world wars and germans are like the dutch and the world cup : if you come close a few times but never actually win the damn thing , that 's gon na upset a few people , 
  i for one welcome our new slovenian overlords . 
  the sad thing is that greece , as far as i know , does n't even need a debt reduction . 
  greek debt is very high compared to gdp , but a sizable chunk of it matures over a very long period of time ( 30 + years ) and is held by ez governments and the ecb , so their repayment is a political matter , not a legal one ( unlike e.g. , argentine holdouts ) . 
  moreover , greece does n't pay a large percentage of their gdp for interest ( a lot lower than portugal , and not that far away from germany ) , so interest is n't crushing greece either , whence the high debt/gdp ratio may feel terrible , it 's actually not that big of a problem and debt reduction could easily be tied to long term goals ( my proposal : cancel a substantial amount of ez-held debt , say 80 % , over the next 40 years and tie that to tangible success in fighting corruption . 
  win-win . 
  actually double-win for greece ) . 
  what they totally need is that insane primary surplus requirement to go away ( greece is required to produce a primary surplus of 4.5 % under the troika agreements . 
  that 's absolutely insane and even more so when they need investment and pronto ) . 
  that 's one of the mistakes i would put onto varoufakis ' door : instead of cutting to the point and asking for the surplus requirement to be relaxed , he talks about debt cut in german tv ( which people hate for all kinds of reasons ) . 
  unless , of course , the greek government plays the long con and after five months of drama they concede bitter defeat , `` no debt cut , no lower interest rate , only thing we could get out of sch\u00e4uble was a temporary lift of the primary surplus requirement '' ... 
  but , to be honest , i am not under the impression that the current greek government is * that * clever and cunning , and i refuse to comment on the german government . 
  * northern germany temporarily under danish administration, 
  the construction of the mallorca base will begin soon . 
  not available at the time due to yearly homosex new world meeting on secrit moon base . 
  easy : read it and see whether it checks out against what you know to be true ( and are not willing to re-assess just in case ) and against sources you trust . 
  from reading the first few pages i can tell you that i consider most of it to be true and the remainder close to the truth . 
  how about downloading it ? 
  oh god , swabia has become sentient , 
  what would a swabian know of hochdeutsch ? 
  u wot m8 ? 
  if we had named it it would be called weltraumbeobachtungsanlage ( lang ) iib adlerauge ( wrbeobanl iib lang ) . 
  i do n't think it 's bad , but you could also say there is `` a secret , unelected group of international bankers , the ecb , the ec and greece meeting secretly to negotiate great political decisions that will be ` without alternative ' , concealed from the public '' - which sounds kinda sinister . 
  but as i said , it 's about time the people behind the first-rank politicians ( i.e. , supposedly those with real expertise ) get to have some time without media spotlight to come up with a solution that is both useful and politically feasible . 
  so no bad things from me . 
  honestly , this does n't sound that bad . 
  yes , it reeks of shady backroom dealing . 
  on the other hand , negotiations have at times been conducted via tabloid headlines during the last weeks and we all know how well arguments on complex economic issues boil down to tabloid headlines . 
  maybe it 's a good idea to have some second rank delegates who are less high-profile and less personally invested discuss on hard economic data for a change without constant 24/7 media reports . 
  edit : spelling, 
  sorry , but we need the broomsticks for ourselves . 
  oh , usually people just post the same thing . 
  / u/dclauzel is famous for posting everything in french , followed by an english translation . 
  i do n't recall them posting non-matching texts so far ( my french is terrible , but good enough to spot if the texts do n't match ) . 
  sometimes you see people deviate from that ( like i did ) and usually it is in a rather lighthearted thread where people use a non-english language for some banter . 
  think of it as a bonus for those who speak the relevant language ( or bother to run through google translate and invest some deduction skills ) , and not as snide comments . 
  also we are taking this far too seriously . 
  my german heart rejoices . 
  well , it was n't meant as such . 
  if you feel insulted , have my sincere apologies ( and unconditional surrender , if you will ) . 
  / r/europe has banter threads and i highly recommend not to take them too seriously ( this one maybe was a bit harder to spot because the danish and swedish did n't get to live out their love/hate relationship ) . 
  given that you guys get everything presented in ( varying degrees of butchering of ) your native language , i think you can easily laugh of a few jokes at your cost though . 
  if anything , i can not help but find it amusing that you got upset at my mischief when op is a british journalist attending a press conference for which he does n't speak the language . 
  i think he sold himself pretty well though . 
  proper english would be `` never mind , german is okay too . 
  besides , it 's funny if the island monkeys do n't know what 's up '' . 
  `` island monkeys '' being a term usually used in conjunction with football . 
  i do prefer `` banter '' to `` crappy '' though < 3, 
  la blague  * i hope you enjoyed the press conference . 
   * i concur with what the frenchman said and encourage all the british to learn the glorious german language . 
  * gay nazi homophone junta, 
  surprise wiedervereinigung !, 
  the difference to the us is that greece does not have control over their currency , while the us do . 
  greece is in a currency union without a fiscal union , and such a union is always vulnerable to shocks like in 2008 unless the participating economies are very similar in structure . 
  the problem was there all along , 2008 just made it obvious . 
  there is no moral dimension to this , i was just pointing out that countries so different should not be in a half-assed currency union together , and since the euro probably can not work without germany , greece should n't have joined . 
   why did everyone turn a blind eye to it i read a [ spiegel article ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/griechenland-darf-athen-fuer-ns-entschaedigung-pfaenden-a-1022920.html ) ( german ) a few weeks back that claimed that germany was initially against greece joining , but gave up their opposition in early 2000 . 
  spiegel links this to the greek ministry of justice vetoing enforcing claims of the distomo massacre victims against german property in greece . 
  i have n't read that anywhere else ( and i do n't remember anything from back then ) so i think it would be wrong to base conclusions on that article . 
  it is , however , possible that ( ironically ) germany can be blamed a bit less for allowing greece to get away with joining the euro when they probably should not have .
