  i think those numbers are off . 
  as far as i know , yearly gross for germany is about $ 30k . 
  no way that this is net 2k monthly . 
  either they account different ( for me , net is what you have after taxes , healthcare and social security ) , or the numbers are wrong . 
  they certainly do n't add up in relation to my personal figures . 
  i do n't know , what french word is `` stras '' again ? 
  and why does it sound like `` stra\u00dfe '' ? 
  i do n't see how this is bad anyway . 
  surely allowing a muslim to participate in day-to-day business life without violating their religious ethics is strictly a good thing , and to the non-muslims it does n't make a difference anyway . 
  german : native english : fluent , daily use spanish ( argentine ) : fluent , but getting rusty . 
  will need a few days to recover fluency french : a few words currently , but learned at school . 
  may learn again very fast i feel , some basic understanding still left and can read much of it ( in particular mathematical texts ) can read basic italian and portuguese , can communicate with portuguese speakers ( if they want to ) technically i learned latin  russian : tried to learn , gave up . 
  rudiments still there . 
  but in all seriousness , since converting cocaine to money requires certain expertise and connections , is morally questionable to say the least , * and * might send you to prison , i would report it . 
  also , german labor courts will crucify you over the missing box of bananas . 
  only allowed to steal if you are management . 
   they should pick a metric where the us does not very clearly come out ahead . 
  i propose `` adoption of the metric system '' as that metric !, 
  sorry , i 'll see myself out  that billboard was put up by some advertisement company btw , not the german government . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  stimulus bad . 
  yes , it will fix infrastructure and will likely bring tenfold revenue . 
  but that is not the point . 
  we must starve greece first , for the sake of ... errr ... 
  yes , financial discipline !, 
  you heard me !, 
  so go away with your `` fixing the bridges and canals '' commie stuff !, 
  ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ fix ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ kiel ^ ^ ^ canal ^ ^ ^ already ^ ^ ^ berlin . 
  ^ ^ ^ pls . 
  would n't call what france did `` successfully occupying '' , but you certainly got about 80 km farther than we did , 
  you mean poland . 
  everybody knows that only poland can successfully invade russia and occupy moscow . 
  i do n't think that 's what he meant . 
  of course the us are at war most of the time . 
  the point is that ( excluding the `` war on drugs '' and the `` war on christmas  ) these wars happen overseas . 
  most of the population does not have `` tangible experience '' with war , the war never comes to their homes . 
  support for war generally drops a bit when this means enemy divisions ravage through your cities and overhead bomber fleets level the metropolises . 
  compare that to europe where every inch of ground has been drowned in blood and whole countries ( e.g. , belgium in wwi ) have basically been leveled . 
  the last time something like that happened to the us was the civil war ( and maybe 9/11 , that 's also why the us overreacted so much in the aftermath ) . 
  i do n't think he wanted to `` lol america dumb and bomb brown people rofl '' . 
  the european part of the ottoman empire was called rumelia . 
  the asian part was called anatolia ( even though that should just be modern turkey ) . 
  i faintly remember the european part to be richer and more important for some reason . 
  probably it 's just to reflect admistrative/judicial separation , like cisleithania and transleithania for austria-hungary . 
  depends . 
  i will certainly give you that england may have felt the need to defend against germany , especially in the light of the stupid german fleet buildup . 
  you will probably agree though that `` we have to fight the germans now or they might topple us '' sounds a lot less altruistic than `` we only honor our pledge to guarantee belgian territorial integrity '' ( the cited reason for britain 's entry into the war ) . 
  you can turn it around and say that germany saw the need to defend against perceived being surrounded ( france and russia ) and * had to * strike first . 
  belgium then turned out just to be ~ ~ the traditional route into france ~ ~ in the way . 
  so is germany now innocent ( i am going to conveniently ignore shitty german diplomacy in the run-up here ) ? 
  - certainly not !, 
  it 's a slippery slope , and that is precisely what got europe into that mess nearly a century ago ( and we actually see this stuff again , mainly from republicans over the pond . 
  but that is another discussion ) . 
  great britain was certainly among the nations that are less to blame for the war , but painting them solely as the white knights is not right , too . 
  that is precisely op 's point : the war was * the * initial disaster of the 20th century , and not having prohibited it is the supreme fault of the relevant generation ( of leaders ) . 
  their only saving grace is that a certain nation that shall not be named managed to produce a disaster even greater in magnitude ( hint : ends in * olocaust ) , so their failures remain mostly forgotten . 
  are you sure it 's speed limits and not weight limits ? 
  if it looks like this ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:military-loading-class.jpg ) or similar , it 's a load classification . 
  yes , but think about the politics in romania and bulgaria !, 
  if they all ( and a few imaginary ones ) come to the uk , you can go there and be the united kingdom of yourself , because you got a quarter of the balkans for yourself and -400 k bularians/romanians !, 
  there is also non-visa , non-monetary benefits . 
  my personal experience from south america is that a german passport makes border crossings much less a hassle than a us passport . 
  the us is not the most popular country on earth it seems . 
  nordic passports should do well too i guess , but french ones did not for some reason that is beyond me ... 
  one ping only , vassily !, 
  my ( loose ) translation :  poverty migration within the eu - maintain the acceptance of freedom of movement  we want to maintain the acceptance of personal freedom of movement within the eu . 
  for this reason , we will try to counteract unjustified use of social benefits by eu citizens . 
   in order to improve living conditions in the source countries [ of the migration ] , we will work towards more and better and more precise use of eu funds by source countries . 
  we will offer administrative aid for this . 
  we will campaign for discrimination free issuing of the european health insurance card ( ehic ) by the source countries for their citizens within the framework of eu law . 
  we want to reduce incentives for migration into [ our ] social security via national law [ of the source countries ] and eu law . 
  this needs better administrative work , fighting of fake self-employed labor and clandestine labor , better cooperation of customs and local authorities , more data sharing , temporary re-entry bans and government initiative counseling [ i.e. , they come to you even if you do n't plan on being counseled ] . 
  within the framework set by the european court of justice , we want to make more precise the conditions for entitlement to social benefits and exclusion of the latter . 
   povery migration leads to considerable problems in some urban areas with respect to integration , securing personal existence [ i.e. , money everyone is entitled to if out of work ] , allocation and healthcare . 
  we acknowledge the problems of some communities and their trouble with mastering them . 
  communities most adversely afflicted by these problems will get federal assistance asap [ sounds a bit harsh , german version means the communities get extra money , no shock troops and the like  ] . 
  my opinion : i do n't know . 
  it does not really sound targeted at `` the jobless in greece come here , ve must keep zem in greece '' . 
  i can see some populists interpreting it like that . 
  my personal theory why this is in the coalition treaty is this : some cities are literally overrun by certain ethnic groups . 
  there were a few articles on this reddit a few months ago about a 50-family building or so in some ruhr area city populated by several hundred roma , without paying rent iirc . 
  such a large group of people living in such a tiny space without effective rule of the law creates problems . 
  there were reportedly sanity issues , and , for all intents and purposes , the building was effectively occupied and the whole area changed dramatically . 
  that 's a problem , in particular if this happens in a rather small community which just ca n't handle such a big number of people from a different cultural background , probably in need of unemployment benefits or social security ( the infamous hartz iv ) and whatnot . 
  i think it 's reasonable to acknowledge this in a coalition treaty and to promise extra federal money to cater for the problem . 
  there are some other passages that look a bit more dangerous , and you never know how hardliners interpret this . 
  it does n't sound like ukip speak to me though . 
  i personally think freedom of movement needs to be kept , and if my country pays a bit extra , so be it . 
  that 's the price for a ll the good stuff we get with the eu ( like normed bananas !! 11 ) . 
  if poverty migration becomes a problem on the national scale ( which it currently is not ) , i might see it different , but in this case we might as well try to finally fix the economic disparities in europe . 
  sorry for wall of text . 
  not sure why you expect austria to invade italy . 
   and the 1 / 2 ( germany ) is rather resistant to using it abroad . 
  both the 1/2 size thing and the resistance to out of area missions do have a historic reason though . 
  sure , but will he master the antagonistic elevenstring ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i remember the tgv as awesome from the 90ies . 
  went to travel to paris this year . 
  trip * to * paris was a two-deck tgv that seemed quite dated and frankly was not up to space requirements . 
  trip back to germany was a nice little ice3 with good footspace and whatnot .
