  genuine question btw , 
  when was that again ? 
  how to structure an argument 101 : china has more manpower , spends a higher % of gdp on military and has more active personnel . 
  hence , the us is stronger ? 
  has to be seen in context . 
  the text was written in 1841 , under the impression of the french occupation and when there were many different german states . 
  `` deutschland \u00fcber alles [ ... ] wenn es stehts zum schutz und trutze br\u00fcderlich zusammenh\u00e4lt '' ( germany above all ... when in defense we brotherly stand united ) is just an appeal to put german nationality over citizenship of whichever little state you happen to be from . 
  the text is also very much defensive in nature . 
  however , nazis and neo-nazis interpret is as `` germany is and should be better than everything else '' , which is of course something else entirely ( and having it sung against a background of tanks does n't help either ) . 
  the `` von der maas bis an die memel ... '' just described the german area of settlement back then . 
  this is is of course horribly outdated . 
  the song per se is neither aggressive nor overly nationalistic , in particular if you compare with other anthems ( e.g. , the french one ) . 
  since the first two stanzas have been abused so heavily and carry too much negative connotation , they have been dropped from the anthem . 
  that does n't make their original intent evil though . 
  history lesson over , 
  ca n't say for / u/reststrahlenbande , but i learned it through a reddit thread on kerry , 
  it just feels easier to express myself in english . 
  german can be pretty concise , but english feels even better . 
  maybe because it 's the ~ ~ whore bitch ~ ~ borg of languages , taking whatever feels useful . 
  i know for a fact that math ins spanish is about two times more verbose than german , and i always have the german version of my stuff ( if i do write any ) to be about 20 % longer . 
  for what it 's worth , english is the superior language for mathematics . 
  so there is some good here . 
  in private , he would actually speak differently . 
  someone linked this the last time this came up : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8radpasvq0, 
  can confirm : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deutsche_physik, 
  and from there you could take a rocket to the yet to be built new brussels , mars ( which mainly serves to standardize the size , shape and color of little green men ) . 
  just given them back do denmark and call it a day . 
  you are leaving the american sector . 
  you will not be back . 
  oh , then you misunderstood me . 
  my point with the `` tremendous return of investment '' was that bavarian change from recipient to net contributor has been so decisive that you ca n't really attribute their growth to the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich . 
  moreover , there are states that ( almost ) always have been net recipients and there is no sign of a turnaround ( ni , sh ) . 
  there may be reasons for that ( i 'm from sh , and there is nothing there , so many people leave and pay their taxes elsewhere ) , but i can kinda understand by pushing for a reduction of the l\u00e4nderfinanzausgleich ( even though the attitude of some bavarians towards it sometimes leaves something to be desired ) . 
  that 's not really fair to say though . 
  if you sum up the total bavaria received and you add up the total they pay , bavaria is a net payer by a large margin . 
  even if you add in inflation and the like , bavaria is still a huge net contributor . 
  investing into bavaria was one of the best business decisions that the early contributors made . 
  tremendous return of investment . 
  i was going to post that , too . 
  the entire idea behind the cohesion mechanics is to reduce imbalances in the `` quality of life '' , preferably in an upwards way . 
  if you add in the relative size of countries , it 's no surprise that germany is the top net contributor and poland the top net recipient . 
  also , $ 7.5 b is not very much considering the federal budget . 
  working as intended . 
   i do n't remember the last time i 've seen the sun how to tell you have been annexed by england . 
  jokes aside , best wishes to you guys , and in case you need it , i hope my government sends the kitchen sink . 
  or at least the thw . 
  edit : `` kitchen sink '' as in `` all we have '' . 
  no water puns whatsoever intended . 
  that 's exactly what the ecb might start do do come their june session . 
  low inflation bordering deflation ( or actual deflation in some parts of the union ) , a euro way too strong for exports and the interest rates against the zero lower bound - i would not be surprised for them to do exactly that , and even the bundesbank may seem on board with it . 
  you can have ours . 
  putin may trade him for gerard depardieu . 
  german business would love a weaker euro . 
  it 's really crippling on the exports to non-eurozone countries . 
  apparently there is talk that the ecb will act in their june session and do something about the high euro and the impending deflation . 
  with something as undemocratic as the eu there surely would be a way to sneak a transfer mechanism through he backdoor , one would think . 
  and probably as dangerous as hyperinflation , even without an added `` hyper '' . 
  japan is trying to get out of deflation for a while now , and it stills seems to not work so well . 
  you got me at  flood mecklenburg-vorpommern , 
  yes , we turn green , grow a funny looking mustache and invade france when we are angry . 
  honestly though , italy ( and greece ) deserve help with this . 
  but some idiot will probably scream bloody murder again for `` giefink our precious moniez to unresponsible lazy southerners ) ... 
   responsibility scales with power that might be true , but the law is the law , and everyone is equal before the law . 
  i 'd like to see berlusconi behind bars like everyone else , but once we start to make exceptions , we go along a very slippery slope . 
  if there are now laws to get him behind bars , he runs free . 
  i would accept cases where a country 's justice system is obviously at odds with international law and human rights ( case in point : nazi germany ) , but you ca n't make special cases for berlusconi . 
  every freedom , and every rule we make can be abused , or `` abused '' . 
  that 's the price to pay for that freedom . 
  i 'd rather like the italians to man the fuck up and vote him down like there is no tomorrow . 
  all this is discussed at length . 
  the author certainly has a dramatically different point of view on most of that ( note that that does not necessarily mean that * i * share that point of view ) . 
  dude , relax . 
  i 'm not out to get you . 
  in any case , many ( some ) western europeans see princip as an assassin , murderer , terrorist . 
  erecting a monument in his honor might send mixed messages to some people . 
  emperor wilhelm did not personally kill anybody , even though you can certainly argue that he was responsible for a large number of deaths in wwi . 
  i am not aware of any wilhelm statues though , and i would be surprised to see some erected these days . 
  hey , i think you are misinterpreting my posts . 
  i am certainly not `` outraged '' , i just said it `` is not exactly helping '' . 
  no need to go full defensive mode , 
  oh , we have streets named after all kinds of people here , not all of them being saints ( none are named after a certain austrian though ) . 
  i personally do n't care what kind of statues you have in belgrade ; other nations have statues of dubious values , too . 
  it 's just that for many non-serbians , princip is just a political murderer , or a terrorist . 
  hence that monument might send the wrong message . 
  then again , most people probably do n't care , 
   you really think princip alone was responsible for wwi ? 
  no , and i do n't think i did write that . 
  his assassination certainly * triggered * the war , but wars get triggered over all kinds of things . 
  when i wrote that serbia did not look good in that book , i was referring to events before the july crisis . 
  i have n't finished the book yet , but the picture it draws is certainly making germany look at lot less bad than i had previously thought ( not sure what to make of this . 
  i know the book has been criticized for this ) . 
  who started the war does n't really matter to me though , since all this happened almost a century ago . 
  i was just explaining that other people may have princip in mind when they think of serbia as `` evil '' . 
   the napoleonic wars does n't count because ... napoleon is from corsica !, 
   ww1 also does n't count because we had to deal with the russians first and then the americans entered the war and won it alone . 
  but the french surrendered to caesar back in 50bc ( or whenever that was ) , so that makes it twice already !, 
  see ?!!, 
  ! 11 j/k , i love you france !, 
  it 's probably a remnant of the past . 
  i am currently reading the `` sleepwalkers '' book ( about how wwi started ) and serbia does n't look too good in that book , even if you account for bias .
