  i 'll have to side with america this time . 
  you can blame america a lot for recent screwups , and i * do * blame american leadership for denying the dark side of their military operations , and i do blame the american public for not caring , * but * : you can not compare this to the industrialized extermination of whole religious and several ethnic groups . 
  * you can not * . 
  sure , there are territories where the nazi occupation went quite `` lightly '' , ( denmark had it rather well , compared to russia or poland ) , and you can probably pull one of these areas and compare to some of the more hostile afghan provinces , or somewhere in iraq , but that is not a fair comparison . 
  doctomoe is right when he says that not all of the 16 % casualties died in death camps . 
  some may have died as `` collateral damage '' in legitimate military operations . 
  but that are still military operations in an unjustified war of aggression ( the common german word for the attack on poland is '' \u00dcberfall '' , which translates to `` assault '' as in `` assault and battery '' ) , and that is not counting the forced relocations , the intentional starvation , the ethnic cleansing , medical experiments , burning of villages and whatnot . 
  the polish were to be eradicated , remaining polish to be held as lowly slaves . 
  read it up , it 's called `` generalplan ost '' . 
  america walks the dark side quite often . 
  but even their most evil doings ( say , in conjunction with the vietnam war , or the trail of tears ) pale in comparison in both magnitude and quality with the doings of nazi germany . 
  the polish are completely justified in being angry about what our ancestors did to them . 
  i just wished that more people would realize that this was two and a half generations back , the current generation does hold no responsibility for this at all , and does show no sign of trying again . 
  dear poland , please stop worrying . 
  our neo-nazi parties are about as dangerous as two week old kitten , just not as intelligent . 
  recently , the npd ( the most important of those parties ) polls at about 1-2 % at a nationwide level . 
  they are in some state assemblies , and there are some backwater villages that actually have `` brown '' mayors , but that 's about it . 
  they are not very organized , outrageously stupid ( german comedy show extra3 will just show clips of them fumbling with the german language sometimes ) and they have no prospect whatsoever to gain any significant political influence . 
  none of the established parties will cooperate with them under any circumstances . 
  if you worry about these clowns , they have already won . 
  most germans probably do not know who erika steinbach is . 
  most of those that do , know about her because of the obsession of polish media with steinbach . 
  the political influence of the `` bund der vertriebenen '' appears to be quite small to me . 
  they get catered to occasionally by bavarian conservatives , and that 's about it . 
  besides , every country has some crazy groups out there . 
  i will not comment on whether expellees raising claims is justified or not . 
  but : `` recent invader '' - seriously ? 
  you are mixing political affiliation of territory and private property . 
  i will give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that you are not honestly in fear of germany wanting to annex , silesia say . 
  germany does not have any claims on that land , has declared , on multiple occasions , that the oder-neisse border is permanent and final , there are almost not germans living there anyway * and we do n't need it * . 
  there is probably a stronger case for germany `` regaining '' namibia or the marianas , or the uk reabsorbing their 13 rebelling colonies . 
  what remains is that you blame `` fuckups in mortgage registers '' on germany now . 
  i would also really love to see how many such cases there actually are , and how good the success ratio is . 
  move on . 
  we are not out there to get you . 
  heh , the funny thing is that the last time we did that , there were less germans ( about 62 million ) inhabiting more germany ( modern germany + former eastern territories ) . 
  one could say that the efficiency for stowing germans has improved vastly , given that there are no complaints now ... :-), 
  but never look a tulip in the eye !, 
  german population is about 5 million above turkey . 
  not sure what it would be if you counted the turkish immigrants in germany towards turkey . 
  i do n't see you point . 
  she says that late-50 retirement age should not be kept when a country receives economic assistance , while others in other countries must work until 67 . 
  i actually dug up some german articles on this , and the wording is not inflammatory ( and in particular not as inflammatory as in the english translation ) . 
  i do not see any mention of moochers and scrape and bow . 
  i also agree with the point there . 
  it would be extremely hard to explain to a 65 year old in one country why she/he will have to work for some years still and part of his or her taxes go pay the pensions of a 58 year old person in another country . 
  i do not understand enough of economics and i am also not a fan of merkel and her policies , * but * the pasted text is not only deeply inaccurate , it 's also deeply unfair . 
  merkel has said that germany in isolation would need higher interest rates . 
  that makes sense to me , but everybody knows that germany does * not * live in isolation . 
  and the ecb is independent in their decision making ( by bundesbank tradition , i might add ) , and , voila , just a week after that remark , they lowered base interest by another .25 % . 
  by unanimous vote , by the way . 
  merkel has also never said that inflation is too high right now . 
  currently at 1.2 % , there is certainly some wiggle room . 
  merkel has also never said anything about moochers and scrape and bow and the like . 
  there have been inappropriate remarks , by cabinet members even , but merkel has not said something like this * once * . 
  we can disagree about policies all we want ( and we certainly do ) , but remarks like the pasted passage are just fostering hate and are decidedly * not * helpful . 
  seconded . 
  that 's actually supposed to be adenauer , i would say . 
  next to him , de gaulle . 
  yes but is n't the usual torture that they have to listen to bieber music all the time ? 
  now what ? 
  fair point . 
  my excuse is that i do n't listen to that kind of music . 
  not sure whether this is satire or serious . 
  i hope for the former and i fear for the latter . 
  people need to frickin ' relax . 
  the song placed badly because it was bad . 
  it was an obvious attempt to copy loreen and it lacked everything . 
  i actually went to fetch beer . 
  why do we have to care so much about eurovision ? 
  the purpose of the esc is to have fun together , to enjoy the unique diversity this continent offers and to amuse oneself about the more crazy contestants ( hi romania ) . 
  germany really does n't need to win this thing . 
  germany is one of the most powerful nations on this planet . 
  we are even good at football . 
  we do n't need to win the esc , more so not `` at any cost '' . 
  hell , we even won three years ago . 
  that 's got ta be good for the next 20 years in my book . 
  does n't mean we do n't try to send good songs there , but if the german entry fares poorly ( because it is poor ) , then what the heck ? 
  can we not just relax and enjoy the show ? 
  i do understand when the crazier tabloids publicly mull about the supposed post-ussr-connection ( read : neighboring countries voting for each other , in particular in post-soviet states ) , because that is what crazy tabloids do . 
  but i expect such a seasoned commentator as urban to see that such remarks are really damaging germany 's battered reputation and that they really do not offer any helpful insight at all . 
  i hope he was just joking . 
  next week some crazy fdp politician will probably demand that greece pass half their points to germany as long as we are `` helping '' them ... 
  i enjoyed the evening . 
  this year had less outright crazy stuff in the finals ( did n't watch semis ) and also less songs i really liked , but it was still an enjoyable evening with highlights and a winner that really earned it . 
  thanks sweden . 
  that is so cool . 
  `` you have violated ze borders . 
  now say zat you are sorry ! '', 
  - `` sorry '' - `` ok , carry on . 
  good evening '' . 
  ( i realize german officers are not in this story , but german accent fits best here . 
  ymv ), 
  think of the poor guy that has to translate 98 from french to german : ninety-eight in french is fourtwentyteneight and in german it 's eightninety . 
  german has multiples of 1 and multiples of ten in reverse , like seventeen , eighteen , but all the way up to hundred ... 
  questionable music is serious business !, 
  and zen we subjugate ze aliens by forcing austerity on them . 
  way better than uploading a virus onto ze mothership . 
  will never know what hit him !, 
  it has : [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/puttgarden_station ) .
