keep in mind though that some people may have multiple landlines and that there are landlines not associated to persons , but to businesses . 
  it 's the difference between `` percentage of people who had a car accident in their life '' and `` number of car accidents per 100 inhabitants '' . 
  if you display `` percentage of people that have a landline '' only , the drop would probably be even sharper since i guess businesses are more likely to keep a landline than joe t. random . 
  that graphic only says that a part of the population that live in some countries * now * have undergone fgm ( in particular , it says asylum claims are related to fgm ) . 
  that is not `` germany practicing fgm '' , it 's straight up illegal here and i do n't see a way to make it legal without overthrowing the constitution . 
  which eu country does sexual slavery and female genital mutilation ? 
  just asking because i want to avoid that country in the future . 
  yes , and that 's why it 's going to get shot down . 
  stupid bavarian populism . 
  he got rid of a lot of borders too , 
  yes , but i did n't want to editorialize the headline  i think we have a similar `` border dispute '' with the swiss on lake constance . 
  [ ukip cat ] ( http://data3.whicdn.com/images/12659474/original.jpg ) does not approve of french farm subsidies . 
   france have n't been part of nato for half a century you and i seem to live in very different nato alliances . 
   austria would be a good candidate , ahem  not founding members [ ... ]  otherwise that the czech republic ahem  not in the euro besides  you may , in fact , actually leave in a couple of years did n't hinder nato headquarters to go to france . 
  we can put the goddam parliament wherever we please . 
  including the uk , if we so desire . 
  i agree that the parliament should be in brussels , though . 
  german soldiers removing the border fence after the invasion of poland ( although i think this is a staged propaganda photo ) . 
  they are removing the border in the same way i do when i play paradox games : annex everything , border gone . 
  in addition to what / u/tangus and / u/bipolar-bear told you about south american spanish being more melodic , the argentine ( and in particular those from around the capital ) have a very unique way of pronouncing things : for example , playa is not pronounced with the `` y '' like in '' * yes '' , but with the `` y '' like the `` sh '' in `` shaken '' , and they litter every other sentence with `` che '' . 
  there are other differences , but you can usually hear that someone is from argentina ( or uruguay , argentina 's little stepchild ) after about two sentences tops . 
  while i personally like the argentine spanish now ( and i find the spanish way with their `` th '' like `` c '' a bit silly ) , it 's really quite divisive : you like it , or you hate it , che . 
  [ ahem ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/type_212_submarine ) . 
  predecessor model `` sunk '' an american carrier , 
  hmm , i 'm probably too late into beer o'clock , but if it 's the `` i '' instead of the `` e '' , i 'm convinced that i remember at least one publication with `` i '' instead of `` e '' . 
  if not , enlighten me , 
  re : 2 ) maybe , i do n't ncessarily think that budget deficits are bad * in the right circumstances . 
  my true purpose of this post is , however , to say that i know about your nick name , * wenn ich mich nicht irre , hihihih * '' , 
  as i said , there are a lot of things to do right now in germany , and most of them seem to create more value by multiples than the dept they incur . 
  and i disagree that repairing infrastructure does n't count : it 's currently not done , and doing it is an improvement over not doing it , but under current budget plans would have to be financed via debt ( or cutting stupid csu stuff , but that seems to in the realm of dreams ) . 
   but when do you want to go back on a debt level of 50 % if not in good times the debt level has reduced in the last years , due to low budget deficits and a moderately ( ut underwhelmingly ) growing economy . 
  however , since we share a currency with the eurozone , i think it 's fair to look at the eurozone as a whole , and then it 's definitely not good times , so being over budget is okay . 
  in any way , if the budget deficit is less than or equal than the growth of the economy each year , the dept level will converge to 50 % . 
  so there is no need to have a positive budget or even balance it , a budget deficit needs just to be kept under control * on average * , means overspending when the economy stinks , not overspending so much when it does n't ( and it stinks right now ) . 
  i did talk mostly about germany , where there is lots of room to expand the public sector , where there clearly is * need * to spend on certain things ( i listed a few ) and where the debt incurred by doing so is dwarfed by the future revenue doing so would generate , so no burden to future generations . 
  budget deficits are not a problem if you borrow for low amounts and keep the debt-to-gdp ration manageable ( which , in case of germany , it clearly is ) . 
  and i have heard this , to put it in your words , `` prune waste and let private sector generate wealth '' crap for five years , it 's not working . 
  sure there might be red tape to cut , and i am not opposed at that , but this is clearly not the way out of the crisis . 
  you clearly did n't read the wall of text , because i was not talking about the ecb nor about lending money . 
  besides , the advisers of the chancellor are hardly keynesian , as far as i can tell . 
  1000 years !, 
  wait , i heard that 100 year thing before ... 
  no , but there are countries which can easily afford to borrow moderately to bolster growth . 
  germany currently borrows for next to nothing and could easily make extra debts of , lets say 1 % of the gdp . 
  if the economy grows as the ( revised ) forecasts say , the gdp-to-debt ratio will still go down a bit . 
  and we do n't have to build new-deal style roads through the desert ; there is a lot we could invest it into : the infrastructure ( roads , bridges , railway ) is in urgent need of repairs , we need power lines from where the wind energy is generated to the south ( where most of the industry is ) , the universities are in dire need of long-term budget increases ( all the funds to deal with the high number of students are short-term and , hence , can not be used to reliably hire more people ) , not even to speak of schools , kindergardens and the utter lack of daycare institutions . 
  the bundeswehr would be unable to defend against luxembourg at the moment . 
  the list goes on . 
  in most places , this is money we will have to spend at some point anyway and the value is multiple tax euros back for every euro spent , so why not do it now , when we can borrow for free ? 
  it 's even what economists and virtually every economic body propose : last week ( or the week before ) the council of economic advisers to the chancellor presented their report and it said very clearly that the lack of investment is slowing down the economy and , in particular , the `` must have balanced budget at all cost '' approach the cdu has made their mantra is * wrong * . 
  yet they have repeated this so many times and it has become so entrenched that now they ca n't go back and even a merkel-size u-turn will not go unnoticed because `` germany not into new denbts !!!! 11 '' . 
  not that germany ( and other countries in the same position , but they are mostly smaller ) spending an extra 1 % ( or 3 % ,5 % ) of gdp will solve the problems we currently have . 
  in the short term , i think it 's the right thing to do of france to show maastricht the middle finger , and we * really * should follow suit . 
  long term we need reforms in the way the eurozone works ( and it 's not that there are not problems to fix in some of the countries that got into trouble , or some that did n't , and i would like the german debt-to-gdp ratio go down to 50 % eventually ) , but in the mid term , unless we all want another 3 to 5 years of recession , something needs to be done . 
  i know , i was joking . 
  the chomsky hierarchy is quite important in theoretical computer science and every computer scientist learns about it in the first or second year . 
  it describes different classes of languages ( in the computer science meaning , i.e. , sets of sequences of symbols ) , increasing in expressive power . 
  each of these classes is naturally associated with other formalisms : the lowest corresponds to regular expressions ( you might have heard about this : searching for `` j * son '' will return both `` jason '' and `` jackson '' ) , while the highest corresponds to the turing machine ( i.e. , what any computer can do , including yours ) . 
  i learned about the chomsky hierarchy , and that is pretty important in theoretical computer science . 
  have i missed anything else ? 
  they are not . 
  capitalism is a means to an end : optimal allocation of ressources . 
  your freedoms are guaranteed by legislation and are very much subject to economic realities for most people . 
  we use the free market because it produces results that are close to optimal most of the time . 
  but market failure is both a theoretical ( work of nash ) and practical ( pick your example , banks being evil is the easiest ) possibility . 
  in particular , markets fail under monopoly conditions ( that is why google is under scrutiny , and that is why every industrialized country has some sort of anti-trust legislation [ google standard oil for funzies ] ) , and sometimes you want the market to produce a result * subject to some restrictions * . 
  in germany , for example , taxis are not subject to the free market in a lot of aspects , and in particular , you need to have insurance . 
  if you participate in the market without sufficient insurance , you may produce better economic performance , but you violate some of the conditions set by lawmakers . 
  that is why uber is banned in some parts of germany . 
  and sometimes you do n't want to subject an area to the free market at all : defense , law enforcement , primary and secondary ( and often also tertiary ) education , etc. 
  so you are wrong if you say that capitalism and progress/freedom are synonyms . 
  they are heavily correlated , but you can make a number of restrictions to free markets ( and all countries do this to some degree , even the us ) and not give up freedom . 
  ps : did n't downvote you , 
  i think he just wants back the ring that bilbo dragghins stole , 
  it 's only a matter of time though . 
  gay marriage is like outlawing slavery , women '' s suffrage or contraception : history moves into one direction , and you may resist it for a while but you ca n't win . 
  it 's not a matter of `` if '' , it 's a matter of `` when '' . 
  for us maybe . 
  the eurozone as a whole looks pretty bad if you ask me . 
  well , that kinda makes sense . 
  if mile and the like are derived units anyway , i personally do n't see a problem ( besides delaying the inevitable assimilation into the si fold ) . 
  i imagined something like `` it 's illegal to sell wood by the cubic meter and it must be sold by cord ( closest non-si unit google found ; i realize it 's american ) '' . 
  not if they are full of warm beer . 
  no we wo n't , 
   where imperial measurements are [ ... ] sometimes the only legal measure i 'm curious , can you give an example ? 
  not meant to be a jab , my half-informed ass somehow was under the impression that si is the only legal measure within the eu ( with additional units only sometimes allowed ) , but i may be mixing german and eu legislation . 
  kinda . 
  you can see why it 's not the most popular option , 
  financial transfers from `` the north '' to `` the south '' to balance out the problems caused by a common currency . 
  has n't really happened yet , but it has been proposed as one solution to `` fix '' the euro . 
  that 's precisely the reason . 
  the euro is ( and has been for a long time ) undervalued for the german economy and overvalued for some of the southern countries . 
  while that is great for us , because of the currency union the southern countries ca n't adapt by devaluing their currency and the productivity gap has to be closed by other means ( capital flight , internal devaluation etc ) unless massive transfer payments happen ( which of course is not quite so popular over here ) . 
  compare to gb , who control their own currency ( or the us , for that matter ) . 
  all of them went much better through the crisis than the eurozone . 
   the problem is , he holds political influence/leverage in germany . 
  not very much . 
  i would say none at all but that would probably be too optimistic . 
   nato is clearly being exploited [ ... ] i disagree . 
  america also gets a lot of benefits out of their alliance : military bases in a a secure and well developed area ( central and western europe ) which can be and are used for non-nato purposes ( iraq war for example ) , a chunk of the world which is largely friendly ( including two nuclear powers ) , shared intelligence ( german bnd has their areas of expertise in the arab world where supposedly the cia does n't ) and someone to play good cop , bad cop with ( american troops in afghanistan are not always very popular .
