  and since i earn money , i do n't get unemployment benefits . 
  not saying this is generally true , but apparently there are economic conditions where it pays off to have people literally build roads through the desert , `` new deal '' style . 
  a public worker is supposed to even have a benefit for the country , because ( s ) he works . 
  for the public . 
  i am not an economist , but at this point it has been very clear that under the current economic conditions , laying off more public workers is going to cost greece more than it saves . 
  finally found the time for a reply . 
  cutting this a bit short because i 'm super tired though . 
   so sending 25 % of your gdp south for the next 50 years ? 
  how does that sound ? 
  it has been increasingly clear that the current problems are going to cost huge amounts of german taxpayer money . 
  some people have said that for a while and i do n't disagree . 
  we can keep lending the south money , or we can just send it to them , or we can have a marshal plan , or we can have a more or less orderly breakup of the eurozone . 
  since that right-wing anti-euro party that is currently being formed had some congress these day 's there was some media attention on what a unilateral german exit would cost . 
  i think the estimates where something on the line of 700 billion plus . 
  in a lump sum , basically . 
  that 's a huge shock . 
  additionally , you have the south hating us even more because after all the austerity stuff we just leave them . 
  i am honestly not opposed to sending some percentage of gdp south annually , if that keeps stuff together and balances out the inequalities . 
  surely this would give germany some leeway in implementing reforms our way ( but i 'm not sure whether i really want * that * ) . 
  i also have not looked at the effect on my personal life with the equivalent of our defense budget or stuff going to the periphery . 
  25 % annually is not feasible anyway . 
  at this point i do think the politicians need to tell us the truth and say that we need to spend huge amounts on europe , and what their plan is . 
  not gon na happen before elections though , and surely not with merkel who never leads , but waits for popular opinion to form and then goes with that . 
  especially with popular opinion not understanding the complexities ( not saying people are dumb , but take austerity and the `` ca n't spend more than you earn '' thing for example . 
  economically that 's stupid , but very popular nevertheless . 
  the problems we face are huge and complex and need to be explained to the populace ) . 
   also , the advantages of the euro seems to be overestimated . 
  finland < snip  finland is not germany . 
  until recently , germany has been the biggest exporter worldwide . 
  china has only a few years back caught up , and that 's with an undervalued currency . 
  a lot of our exports go into the euro zone . 
  just removing exchange rate risk is a huge boon to german exports . 
  on top of that you have the fact that , spain say , can not devaluate to adjust for loss in competitiveness . 
  that has really helped us . 
  of course , the latter also part of the problem and can probably not be sustained forever , without sending some of the money earned right back ( which makes it a bit stupid ) . 
  on the other hand , italy had a currency that was devaluating against the deutschmark for decades , and they got along quite well . 
  they ca n't do that anymore ... 
  but the point stands , the biggest gain from the euro goes to germany , which is funny considering that supposedly the euro was the price for reunification and meant to keep germany down   which brings me really to the most important point , something that everyone seems to have lost sight off . 
  a currency union is supposed to be beneficial , to bring advantages . 
  i do n't think the euro , in its current form is bringing any advantages for anyone . 
  short run , the north , but in the long run you will loose to . 
  countries are supposed to want to be in ones , not fight to stay out ( sweden , poland etc ) . 
  it has brought advantages . 
  the german advantage seems pretty obvious . 
  other countries have gotten the `` deutschmark '' price stability , low interest rates and more ( of course that seems to have been a double-edged sword , as krugman [ points out ] ( http://krugman.blogs.nytimes.com/2013/04/15/europe-in-brief/ ) . 
  also , you do n't have to change money anymore . 
  there is non-economic advantages too . 
  recently , i was in portugal for a few days . 
  it 's basically like going to another city now . 
  passport : not needed . 
  health insurance : valid everywhere in europe . 
  driver 's licence : same . 
  no need to change money . 
  no immigration controls . 
  okay , they speak another language , but i speak english most of the day anyway and my spanish is good enough to understand basic portuguese . 
  that 's an advantage of european integration people often forget . 
  not everyone get 's to enjoy it as much as others , and not everyone sees it , but i think it 's really cool . 
  also we have had peace in europe for so long . 
  discarding the dissolution of yugoslavia , we have had uninterrupted peace since almost 70 years , over the whole continent . 
  historically , that 's an absolute exception . 
  i am in the second generation that does not have to go invade france again . 
  for this reason alone , i think , european integration is worth almost any price . 
  of course the peace argument pulls less weight if you are from sweden that just watches and assembles furniture  by the way , i also feel that german opinion is turning . 
  maybe not popular opinion , but among the elites , it is . 
  just a few weeks back , it was abundantly clear that austerity is the way to go and that this is really obvious . 
  just over the last 5 days or so i read several commentaries that said one of `` apparently , austerity does not work '' , `` even if , the willingness to reform in the south has been exhausted '' or `` it does nor really matter anymore whodunnit , we have a problem of historical size and it is only germany that can fix it . 
  so let 's find a solution '' . 
  still , it 's a long way to go ... 
  sorry for not arguing really towards your points . 
  it 's clear that the euro as such has problems , maybe irreparably so . 
  and that any solution , constructive or not , is going to cost money to the extent that even my personal standard of living may be affected ( which i do n't really like ) , and that our leaders have no clue what to do . 
  interesting times indeed . 
  ps : this one  breaking up the euro is expensive , but then you are out and can control your destiny . 
  needs another comment . 
  it is consensus among the german elites that there is no such thing as `` german destiny '' anymore . 
  we have purposefully interwoven our national destiny with the european project . 
  it says so in the constitution , right in the preamble and it says so out of many a politician 's mouth , when they actually speak about stuff that matters . 
  and i say rightly so . 
  germany is provably too big for europe to be in it alone , without integration . 
  but it is also too small to be in the world alone ( there is a quote on this line , but i am too lazy to find the author ) . 
  problem is , of course , now we are in europe * and * too big , but with big problems ahead . 
  probably not . 
  you need german efficiency to fuck up on this scale . 
  seriously , we have a real problem with large projects . 
  all more expensive than planned and late or never happened . 
  the last big project on time was probably the berlin wall , and that before something under charlemagne . 
  the only thing that was done faster than expected was the 1000 year reich , they did that in 12 years ... you greeks should really try to use this next protest . 
  `` at least we have working airports '' is far more appropriate than merkel with a hitler mustache , and far more creative , too ( check you airports first though ) . 
   i know . 
  thank you for the articles . 
  however , i do not understand why the authors thinks germany will be the only country who leaves , if it does . 
  once germany leaves , i am having a hard time seeing finland stay , or the netherlands . 
  then the euro will soon consists of giips countries , not really that great of an idea ... 
  i believe at least one of the articles i read thought of that . 
  of course , the countries that somebody in / r/europe referred to as `` germany 's satellites '' will leave too , to form the `` uber euro '' ( btw , this makes me think of a new video game , `` return to castle [ w\u00e4hrung ] ( http://dict.leo.org/#/search=w%c3%a4hrung&amp;searchloc=0&amp;resultorder=basic&amp;multiwordshowsingle=on ) stein , where the lone us dollar fights off the deutschmark and the dutch whatever and the finnish mark ( ? ), 
  only to face the end boss : the uber euro !! 11 ) . 
  but think of this : if the `` giips '' have their own currency , they can devaluate it . 
  that 's the traditional way to adjust for competitive gradient . 
  a way that is not available to `` the south '' because countries like germany are also aboard and do n't want that . 
  regarding the competetiveness , yes .
