  idea is that since you are now `` employed '' by the government , you might as well work for them . 
  since it 's not really a demeaning job , albeit prolly not a fun one , i think that 's okay ) . 
  fun times . 
  yes , there are , as always , people who seem to live comfortably off hartz iv and have no intention of working , but as i said : there is always going to be abuse . 
  how would germany cope with mass immigration ? 
  i remember conservative politicians say that `` germany is not an immigration country '' , back in the 90ies . 
  germany has always been an immigration country , dating back at least as far as the huguenot wars . 
  there is those coming to prussia , there is austria-hungary internal migration , there is the polish in the ruhr area , the italians coming in the 60ies and 70ies , the turkish , the polish again after the fall of the iron curtain , the `` sp\u00e4taussiedler '' coming from russia and kazakhstan , the romanians , ... we are kinda used to that : [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_foreign-born_population_in_2005 ) . 
  bring it on  edit : forgot the turkish, 
  your comment is offensive both to germans and to belgians , 
  satw has [ one as well ] ( http://satwcomic.com/too-little-butter ), 
  see , on the other hand you have ze german efficiency . 
  we can have a shitty railway service totally without strikes . 
  your move , france . 
  if you do n't want them , you can always exchange them for euros . 
  bundesbank will change indefinitely , and i think landeszentralbanken will do too . 
  if it is not a large amount , or you are not living in germany , i would just keep them . 
  on the plus side , the little gifts from grandparents sometimes came at double the value ( 1 euro is about 2 deutschmarks ) . 
  i also like ( d ) that the coins have elements from so many different currencies : the little 20c `` kinks '' ( i think that is from the spanish peseta ) , the 1 and 2 eur inlay , the 2 eur side text ( that is from the deutschmark ) , and more . 
  old deutschmarks are pretty boring in this aspect . 
  i miss the gauss 10dm bill though . 
   it ` s painful to see how simpleminded 27 year old greeks are do n't go there please . 
  i agree that his comment was over the line , but that is no excuse to be racist . 
  not at all . 
  i quickly learned that this subreddit can be pretty passionate , but please , for the love of [ assumed deity or personal focal life point ] , we should be better than this . 
  i really thought that this `` the x are lazy/nazis/y '' is the stuff the generation of our grandfathers did , not ours ... 
  i 'm from holstein and got denmark . 
  do we have to come back now ? 
  have you heard about berlin-brandenburg international airport ? 
  because it 's not done yet . 
  and probably never will . 
  because he was a moron . 
  why not ? 
  if the dutch want to keep a king around for their personal amusement , let them . 
  they can do with their spare money whatever they want . 
  other nations try to build airports at the capital , or whatever ... , 
  i completely agree . 
  i feel that he wanted to point out that germany does not have much experience in being the dominant power in europe : before 1870 , there was not really a germany , between 1914 and 1945 there was either war , a defeated republic of a raving lunatic where , geographically , germany ought to be , and between 1945 and 1990 , germany was divided and not fully sovereign . 
  this leaves the period of the kaiserreich as an example , and we did not really manage well after bismark left . 
  so if european integration fails and is rewinded , this may very well leave an `` unconstrained '' germany in the middle of the continent for the first time since wwi . 
  we may need a bit of help with that kind of situation , because we do n't really know how be in this position . 
  something which , i feel , kinda shows at the moment ( as he correctly pointed out ) . 
  we just want to be good neighbors , sell our stuff to the rest of the world and drink beer . 
  we do n't want to lead . 
  because leading means making decisions , and if you want to make an omelet , you got ta break a few eggs , something which makes you deeply unpopular with people associated with said eggs ( i do disagree with current policy on what eggs to break btw ) . 
  and we do n't like that . 
  i do n't understand what you want to say . 
  let me explain my point though : consider the republic of economistan , with it 's annual gdp of 1000 mangos ( the mango has been the currency of economistan since 1821 ) . 
  public debt is 500 mangos ( or 50 % of gdp ) , and the budget for 2013 ( including interest ) has a deficit of 15 mangos . 
  at the end of 2013 , the economistan economy has grown by 3 % and is now 1030 mangos . 
  public debt is now 515 mangos , or 50 % of gdp . 
  yes , in absolute therms , public debt has grown , but relative to gdp it has not . 
  n ow assume that public debt is 800 mangos ( 80 % of gdp ) , but the budget deficit is now 20 mangos , but the economy still grows by 3 % . 
  at the end of the year , public debt is 820 mangos and gdp is still 1030 mangos . 
  debt-to-gdp-ratio is now 79.6 % . 
  so even though economistan did spend more than thy had , relative to the size of the economy , public debt actually shrank . 
  finally , let 's say debt is 800 , there is a budget surplus of 20 mangos and the economys shrinks 3 % . 
  at the end of fy2013 , public debt is 780 mangos and gdp is 970 mangos . 
  debt-to-gdp is now 80.4 % . 
  so * even though there was a budget surplus , debt-to-gdp developed unfavourably * . 
  i think it is not an unrealistic assumption that less public spending will have a contractionary impact on growth . 
  people getting wages out of taxpayer money are still getting ( and spending ) money . 
  if they are not payed anymore , they do n't participate in economic activities anymore , if they can not find another job . 
  that is precisely what is happening in greece , spain and portugal now . 
  so at times like these , government should spend more money , if necessary by letting people build roads in the desert , new deal style . 
  only problem is , the `` periphery '' can not borrow anymore . 
  conclusion : as long as the budget deficit is healthy in relation towards gdp , you can deficit spend a little . 
  coversely , if you engage in austerity and the economy shrinks , the debt-to-gdp ratio will not change favorably . 
  so barring outside intervention , the correct time to balance the budget is when the economy grows ( as clinton did ) , and when it does not , you deficit spend . 
   a government can not spend more than it takes it in taxes over an extended period of time not true . 
  as long as the annual budget deficit is in a healthy relation to the annual growth rate , debt as a percentage of gdp stays stable . 
  you can even have this fluctuate pretty wildly , as long as the long-run average ratios stay sound . 
  moreover , sovereign debt is not a bad thing per se . 
  if the debt to gdp ratio stays manageable ( read : stays in a way that there is no doubt about interest being paid ) , interest will stay low and debt will not be a problem ( and can be reduced just by economic growth if this is so desired ) . 
  said ratio can be different for different countries . 
  germany currently has a 81 % debt-to-gdp-ratio , and that is not considered problematic . 
  japan is over 200 % , iirc , and their interest stays low ( they are now artificially creating inflation btw , because they are stuck in stagflation for a while ) . 
  it 's a different story if you can not borrow in your own currency though . 
  case in point : greece , italy , ... 
  but deficit spending is not the root of the problem . 
  it 's differing economic competitiveness in a currency union that is not a fiscal union . 
  i also feel that your `` missionary '' attitude is only helping to fuel exactly those kinds of resentments towards germany that are commonly described as `` the ugly german '' . 
  while it 's okay to disagree , maybe a change in tone could help ? 
  it 's a word in english though . 
  just like `` handy '' and `` smoking '' are german words . 
  you can call me inflammatory all you want , but the point stands : you did not support evidence for what i consider slander . 
  you say that the real german motivation for letting e.g. , italy join the euro was to deprive half of the eurozone of their competetive devaluation advantage . 
  you also state that while germany initially opposed italy being in the euro ( which was proved somewhere in this thread ) , they actually allowed them in anyway , in order to gain a national advantage ( so the opposing thing must have been all smoke and mirrors then ) . 
  and all that is supposed to have happened in 1995 . 
  and nobody is supposed to have talked about it . 
  the last point is crucial , because * what you claim can not be refuted * . 
  because this is the supposed hidden agenda , it 's not public , and any claims that motivations were different are `` the official narrative '' which should not be believed . 
  but you do n't produce evidence for your claim ( which , if it was true , would totally be possible ) . 
  your only point is that germany did finally consent to italy joining the eurozone , and that they could have refused it . 
  in international politics , you do give ground sometimes . 
  the sources cited by jonisaurus even gave a reason and historic background why germany did not manage to keep italy out . 
  and you totally disregard the possibility that germany gives ground on an issue * in 1995 * and does not strongarm others into accepting their terms , 5 years after reunification , with all the associated fears . 
  in fact , germany gives ground all the times , for the sake of the political integration . 
  we are the biggest net payer into the eu budget , and we do n't really care about agriculture subsidies . 
  germany wanted to renegotiate that , but gave in recently just for the sake of having a budget at all .
