  also , do you not think an ice connection from hamburg to copenhagen would be something the railway services let pass ? 
  i mean , 3 or 4 hours from hamburg to copenhagen , 8 from frankfurt , 6 from berlin - i 'd totally use that . 
  edit : typo . 
  `` one size fits none '' , i like that . 
  how are we going to do it ? 
  i have no idea , even though i think about the current crisis a lot ( probably more than i should ) . 
  what frightens me is that i am more and more under the impression that our leaders also have * no frickin ' clue * , except maybe `` austerity and if we wait long enough the problem will go away '' . 
  the latter part did not even work for my overdue homework assignments in university ... you are right that smaller countries might not agree to such a program . 
  that 's actually what annoys me a bit on this subreddit at times : people always point to the evil germans dictating what 's happening and what 's not . 
  certainly , almost nothing can be done against berlin these days ( a scary prospect ) . 
  but just because merkel might be willing to do something it does not mean that finland , the netherlands or austria will do it . 
  but nobody ever complains about that ( remember the finish extra clause in the first greek bailout ? ) . 
   a possible stimulus i agree is as charlemagne stated simply not feasable . 
  it would futhermore aggravate the north south divide since country a will inevitably end up with the bill for country b. i think that while it will definitely be difficult , it could be possible . 
  our leaders will have to do a hell of a job to explain it to the public , but that might be their chance to remedy themselves  you could do it like this : create a fund , either jointly guaranteed by all ez members ( de facto eurobonds tied to just this thing ) or just put a metric ton of capital in it , directly financed by the creditor countries . 
  maybe even get outside capital . 
  then have this fund ( we could call it `` bank for reconstruction '' ) give loans to prospective companies that need funding . 
  maybe tie distribution of loans to unemployment , so countries with higher unemployment get more loans . 
  once loans get payed back , give them out again . 
  funding for this could either be done in one lump sum ( given that germany currently borrows at negative interest rate , we could probably borrow an additional 3 % gdp ( approx . 
  $ 100 billion ) at a reasonable rate ) or via an extra tax . 
  germans are already used to the `` solidarit\u00e4tszuschlag '' ( small extra on income tax to finance reconstruction in eastern germany ) . 
  this model of a bank that gives out loans follows the german implementation of the marshal plan funds ( google `` kreditanstalt f\u00fcr wiederaufbau '' ) . 
  why not try it on a european scale ? 
  currently , the absolute priority problem must be to fight unemployment in the crisis countries . 
  and from what i have read , part of the problem is that banks do n't lend to companies , so those do n't create jobs . 
  that 's why they lowered the interest rate last week , ecb said ( by the way , i disagree with that step . 
  i really do n't think banks will suddenly start lending because interest went down from 0.75 % to 0.5 % . 
  on the other hand , it 's causing all kinds of problems in e.g. , germany , where construction is already overheating and insurers do n't know how to finance themselves in absence of any kind of interest ) . 
  so just create an institution that does this job . 
  imagine unemployment going down by 1 % across the board : that 's a lot of people suddenly paying taxes instead of collecting unemployment benefits . 
  a problem i see though is that while this may help fixing the symptoms , it will not fix the problem : the mistakes made when the euro was constructed ; a currency union without the attached fiscal union/transfers . 
  i think europe ( ez ) as a whole needs to answer themselves the following questions : are we still in this together ? 
  and if yes , how are we going to make it work ? 
  and i really wish our leaders would hurry a bit to do this , before tensions rise even more and the only answer to the first question will become an overwhelming `` no '' , because we hate each other so much . 
  yes , today is a holidy with a day off . 
  but that is in no way linked to europe . 
  next year , ascension day will be on a different day , and may 9 will not be a holiday . 
  good job , making a snide remark in a conversation full of winking eyes  oddly fitting though . 
  well , today is a holiday in russia . 
  and yesterday was official holiday in france . 
  i wonder why ...  you 're welcome , europe !, 
  what ? 
  but not a holiday with a day off . 
  today happens also to be ascension day , but that is something completely different . 
  well , i think he has a certain point with the problems in the legal system of romania ( and hungary , but that 's a conservative guy , so he 's cool ) . 
  dunno about bulgaria . 
  the `` waves of impoverished '' , i am not sure of . 
  may be just fishing for sentiments on the right , although friedrich seems not to be a guy doing that . 
  i remember , when poland joined the eu and schengen and whatnot , there was real fear of the `` hordes of polish streaming on the job market '' and so on . 
  so there was this seven year `` grace period '' , where restrictions applied to polish ' freedom of movement . 
  turned out , all the polish that wanted to come to germany where already here and most of those still in poland actually liked it there better anyway . 
  there is always some diffuse fear of mass immigration from economically poorer areas . 
  it 's more pronounced among those with little or no formal training , * because these are directly competing with immigrants * that may not have their skills recognized and , hence , do unskilled labor , but work harder than the germans . 
  i do n't quite know how the reaction would be in the face of mass immigration of people that just use the social safety net . 
  as an abstract concept , any eu citizen has certain rights and if she/he exercises those rights here , well , we got ta help them . 
  on the other hand , not sure what i would feel when i directly see my taxes go up by 20 % because we now have another 2 million foreign unemployed to feed . 
  i believe that i personally could see through this , but not everyone will . 
  people with less education and faith in eu integration might not . 
  regarding minimum wage , it 's hard to say . 
  personally i find the idea that a full-time job should pay enough to feed a person quite convincing . 
  what we have now is a lot of jobs that do n't do that ( e.g. , hair cutters in certain parts of eastern germany are rumored to be paid as low as $ 3/hour ) . 
  so what happens is that the government pays them the difference between what they earn and what everybody is entitled to ( the so called `` existenzminimum '' ) . 
  people that get such assistance are called `` aufstocker '' . 
  the problem with this is that these people might as well not work , because they get the same amount when unemployed . 
  google `` lohnabstandsgebot '' for more . 
  so it 's basically companies outsourcing some of their payrolls to the public . 
  on the other hand , opponents of a minimum wage say that such a minimum wage might make some jobs unsustainable : if you do n't earn your employer more than you get paid ( plus taxes , profit ) , he might as well not employ you . 
  we have several million people in such `` precarious '' employment situations , so those might flood back into unemployment , opponents of a minimum wage say . 
  i think there is some truth to that . 
  however , we do have a minimum wage in several areas prone to wage dumping already , e.g. , construction ( regulations there are really tight . 
  and for a reason ) . 
  also , let 's say we introduce a minimum wage to office cleaning companies , a field notorious for low wages . 
  will people stop having their offices cleaned ? 
  probably not . 
  so ( my personal theory is that ) wages there might rise , companies pay more for cleaning and that 's it . 
  i do n't know enough about economics to say what 's better . 
  as a left-leaning person , i support minimum wage though . 
  if i am not mistaken , any eu citizen ( with some exceptions ) has the right to live and work wherever he/she damn well pleases . 
  end of discussion . 
  now towards attitudes and politicians : if you are young , healthy and qualified , please come . 
  we are basically at full employment for people with an academic degree . 
  problem is of course the language , but people with degrees tend to know at least some english and that 's a language of increasing importance for qualified positions anyway ( that does not work all the time though , so no problem with `` the foreigners stealing all our jobs '' ) . 
  also , you pay your taxes here . 
  we like that . 
  there is the brain-drain in other countries though , but that seems to be another discussion . 
  like any liberty , this one has abuse cases , and like always , a society that wants said liberty has to cope with the abuse cases . 
  what you would think of is all the unemployed ( or just the umemployable ) from $ country moving to germany . 
  i think people would consider that abuse . 
  here is what i think of it : first , it 's unlikely . 
  you need some social mobility for this kind of stunt , and long-time unemployed tend to lose that a bit ( yes , very scientific thought there ) . 
  second , yes , you get welfare . 
  you can live of that ( that 's the idea ) . 
  but the basic unemployment subsidies ( aka `` hartz iv '' ) are extremely low , and it 's not fun to live in that . 
  this is a result of the agenda 2010 reforms . 
  friends of mine went through that , and it was heartbreaking . 
  if you * want * to work , but there * is * no work , hartz iv really sucks . 
  money is extremely tight ( if you do n't work off the books ) . 
  also , you have to take almost any job offer ( or they cut your support ) , and they can make you do `` 1 euro jobs '' ( or they cut your support ) . 
  that means e.g. , cleaning the sidewalk for a euro an hour ( yes , they can force you to do that .
