  german troops for the most time are , and i have read of high-ranking american officials being transported in german vehicles for precisely this reason ) . 
  it should also be noted that most nato countries have , for the last decade or so , committed a sizable chunk of their military for an operation that was born out of an attack on the us : the afghan war following 9/11 , even though afghanistan is out of the treaty area . 
  so the feeling that the alliance does n't go both ways is wrong , in my opinion . 
  you can call merkel a lot of things , and i will support you in most of them ( including being too timid and wron policies ) . 
  but her being open to bribery is certainly not one of them . 
  she is n't interested in money , only political power . 
  do you propose to rename the [ bagger 288 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azevfd4c6ow ) to `` o'neill '' ? 
  it 's not quite like that , since nato is currently much stronger than any likely adversary ( russia included ) . 
  it does n't really matter by how much we blow any enemy out of the water as long as we do , so spending germany does n't do does n't have to be picked up by other countries . 
  it should also be noted that both france and the uk maintain power projection capabilities which germany does not have and which are also not needed for the defense of nato territory . 
  and us defense spending is a completely different issue since it includes american commitments to east asia and non-nato adventures ( i.e. , iraq ) . 
  however : if we say to nato we can send 60 planes , then we better have 60 planes ( or whatever the number is ) . 
  it 's a good thing this was made public now , so it can be addressed . 
  leaving nato wo n't solve a thing : since we are surrounded mostly by nato countries , we would still benefit from nato protection , while contributing nothing at all . 
  wait for our economic sealion , to be fought on the beaches of ... mallorca , 
  i think romania would like to be in the * red * on that one too . 
  anti-nuclear factions have politics on their side for decades here . 
  i do n't know about exact polling , but at least after chernobyl , pro-exit has been around 40 % pro exit / 60 % keep or above most of the time . 
  the exit from nuclear is the result of the 1998 victory of the social democrat/green camp . 
  google `` atomausstieg '' for more . 
  most plants were scheduled to shut down sometime in the next five to ten years , iirc . 
  when conservatives/liberals won the election in ' 09 , they prolonged running times ( but did not stop the exit from nuclear ) . 
  what happened after fukushima was the speedup of the exit due to popular demand ( i.e. , merkel leading from behind again ) . 
  germans do n't trust nuclear due to a ) the risk of plant malfunctions with meltdown ( `` super-gau '' , also some of our plants are kinda notorious for malfunctions ) and b ) long-term storage . 
  while the probability for a ) is low , having a chernobyl copy happen somewhere in the blue banana does sound kinda scary . 
  with respect to b ) , we do n't really have a solution to that , and , unlike e.g. , the us , we do n't have `` throaway counties '' somewhere in nevada where we could use a bunch of desert to store nuclear waste ( although brandenburg sometimes comes to mind ... ) . 
  so people want 1 ) to get out of nuclear because big boom and glow-in-the-dark kids 2 ) get out of coal because pollution 3 ) get rid of the dependance on russia ( although that one is far from unanimous ) . 
  problem is that you ca n't have all three without installing enough renewable ( which we are on the way to do , it 's just a matter of time , maybe a decade or two ) and unless you solve the storage problem ( i.e. , transport electricity from sunny , windy days into windless nights ) . 
  i think we have one facility which does it , but that 's nowhere near enough to solve the problem . 
  and our politicians are far from having a comprehensive strategy to solve these problems ( but we have a buzzword : energiewende . 
  translates to higher energy prices ... ) . 
  i only read the headline , but if putin unplugs russia , would that mean the putin trolls would vanish ? 
  in that case i support him getting ( and using ) that power . 
  male : leather pants , plaid shirt , felt hat ( probably what many people think germans look like ) . 
  female : dirndl . 
  reality : for office work , like everyone else . 
  why not just take wizna ? 
  nah , just give the polish the rest of pommerania and then compensate them with a lump sum of monies . 
  problem solved . 
  merkel has been pushing for them this week . 
  other leaders wanted them delayed . 
  next level strategies : everyone expects us to start wwiii . 
  we just fool them all and start wwiv right away . 
  no-one will see that coming !!, 
  we are * really * pacifistic since wwii . 
  our military has been plundering the continent for two world wars , so people feel we should n't do military involvements , since we obviously can not control the forces we invoke with that . 
  also we are not used to military missions anymore . 
  the first notable out-of-area deployments of the bundeswehr were in the late 90ies , and generally ( with the exception of the kosovo war , which was * highly * controversial ) of a non-combat nature . 
  the general train of thought was that there was n't really any need for military after the end of the cold war , since all threats to us and our friends were gone . 
  couple the with a lot of questionable adventures by our allies ( iraq , libya , both of which turned out to be a mess ) and the really unpopular war in afghanistan , and people just do n't want more of it . 
  finally , with regard to this particular theater , people in germany are probably more friendly to russia than those in the countries east of us . 
  russia allowed the reunification ( people * really * like gorbi here ) and we have a sizeable sorta-russian minority ( either russians or ethnicically german soviet citizens who resettled here after the fall of the iron curtain . 
  of course , it 's not as bad as the comments under news articles would suggest ( these are just putin trolls ) , but as others said in this thread : if you are looking for military leadership , germany is not the place to go . 
  it should be noted that germany is doing * something * : we are sending weapons to the kurds ( no airstrikes , but we really do n't have the force projection capabilities for that . 
  the us do that much better ) , we are sending protective gear to kyiv and we send extra fighters to the baltics just recently . 
  even during the iraq invasion , which was publicly and to the full support of the german people opposed by the chancellor , we still let the americans use their bases here , sent an abc protection company to kuwait and picked up awacs duty from the yanks . 
  but boots on the ground - not anytime soon . 
  i think if our politicians wanted to sell permanent troops east of oder-neisse to the public , they should create a joint polish-german formation , akin to the franco-german brigade , the eurocorps or that thing we have with the dutch . 
  can do all kinds of sweet talk about integration , growing together , european spirit and undoing some of the damage we did in poland 70 years ago when , in fact , we just use this as an excuse to put a german division ( or parts of it ) into poland ( the polish willing , of course ) . 
  neither are you in germany . 
  but it 's okay . 
  we do n't need no stinkin ' laughs and humor . 
  got ta w\u00f6rk . 
  because : - the ideas behind expansionary austerity are flawed - you do n't reduce government spending in a recession , that lowers demand even more - the problems in the southern countries are certainly of lack of efficiency , but you ca n't change that overnight . 
  in particular can you not change it by reducing pensions by 10 %, 
  i do n't think you would hold on for a month this time . 
  even poland alone standing for just a week would be a second wizna these days . 
  however , this time it wo n't be two fronts , and our leos would fight along your leos * very * soon . 
  no sense pretending the russians would stop at oder-neisse ... 
  yeah , but even merkel has learned that lesson now . 
  if little green men totally not related to russia pop up in the baltics , i would assume that the rest of eu/nato could send police forces if necessary . 
  internal matter . 
  and i think even the dumbest leaders west of the moskwa will not fall for * that * trick again . 
  that cuts both ways though . 
  even the tiny nation of estonia is still allied to three nuclear powers who have pledged to consider any attack on estonia as an attack on themselves . 
  moreover , nato doctrine * does * contain the unilateral first strike . 
  even if the russians consider , say obama , too weak to authorize a strike , there are still two other nuclear powers that could have their head of government happen to have their spinach for breakfast and decide that moscow * does * qualify for largest parking lot east of the channel . 
  i mean , the baltics are clearly indefensible against any committed conventional russian attack . 
  best we can do is have some troops there to spill blood of as many nations as possible in the unlikely event of such an attack ( american blood very much appreciated to spill ) , try to take them back and threaten nuclear strike if this becomes impossible . 
  if russia would decide to attack the baltics outright , even the chinese would probably support a western ultimatum . 
  the problem would rather be little green men popping up in the baltics . 
  but i think we can handle that . 
  edit : now that i read the comments below , seems other people think along the same lines . 
  yeah , with the danish setting up voting blocks  ( not that it matters now ) should follow what we did after wwii : strong minority protection but maintain the territorial integrity of the ukraine . 
  since russians are so numerous in the donbass , maybe even go further and have mandatory duolingo ( ukrainian/russian ) in schools . 
  no `` referendums '' though . 
  germany is sending medical gear , field hospitals and bulletproof wests . 
  [ it 's a start . 
  ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=auto&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=en&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.tagesschau.de%2fausland%2fukraine-schutzwesten-100.html&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ), 
  not youth unemployment , and i could swear that that page showed austria at higher unemployment than germany an hour ago ( does n't now though ) . 
  i also seem to remember that we had lower unemployment this month according to eurostat . 
  not that this really matters , 
  you win at gdp/capita , lose at unemployment and youth unemployment , latest gdp change , debt/gdp ratio , 2015 gdp change forecast . 
  we are tied at 2014 forecast . 
  the budget balance is up to interpretation . 
  if you see working towards a surplus as positive , we have you beat there too . 
  if you see a moderate deficit as a good thing , you win . 
  1/10 , would not anschluss , 
  could have said the same about germany in 1945 . 
  i hate what the russian leadership does , and there are plenty of russian fascists to dislike .
