  i still wonder whether i caught an outdated tgv unit or whether their fleet is just aging . 
  honest responses very much appreciated . 
  ps : speed goes to the tgv , period . 
  they are just faster , given their home field tracks . 
  there is that old joke that only british cuisine and british women could make such a great nation of sailors . 
  nowadays , both seem to have seen major improvement , i have been told . 
  guess we will have to find new cliches , besides soccer . 
  i do n't know . 
  assuming he is german , accusing him of having no humor is kinda going for very low hanging fruits . 
  together with the nazi stuff that was a bunch of very cheap shots . 
  googled it for you : `` heaven is where the police are british , the cooks are french , the mechanics are german , the lovers are italian and it is all organised by the swiss . 
  hell is where the police are german , the cooks are english , the mechanics are french , the lovers are swiss , and it is all organised by the italians '' do n't know whether this is attributed to anyone . 
  no , you do n't understand . 
  deficits bad . 
  austerity good . 
  otherwise weimar inflation . 
  now repeat after me ... 
  honestly , it 's so frustrating . 
  i do n't know much about economics ( i have learned a bit over the last years though ) , but it seems pretty clear that the austerity strategy is not only not working , but it 's also been theoretically debunked , * and * we do n't have runaway inflation . 
  in fact , inflation barely showed up for work last month . 
  but our ( germany 's ) politicians are like `` deficit bad '' and intend to have a surplus budget from next year on or so . 
  crazyness . 
  we borrow for negative real interest , the economy is below capacity , there is shit that needs to be done ( roadwork , rail network , energy switchover ) just domestically . 
  but no . 
  deficits bad . 
  and that 's not even talking about giving europe a jump start . 
  only hope is that since we are in negotiations for a `` grand coalition '' , everybody will get their pet peeves and they will be forced to borrow ( or hide the deficit in social security , as rumor has it ) . 
  even if it 's half stupid stuff , it 's at least still money spent , hopefully . 
  yeah , that was disappointing . 
  netherlands still almost completely there , but half of germany gone . 
  that 's not how they advertised global warming to me !, 
  you are misinterpreting me . 
  i did not say inflation is low . 
  i said it 's * too * low . 
  low or negative inflation can be very dangerous . 
  it hampers investment and stops growth ( case in point : japan ) . 
  and if adding another point of inflation helps bringing hundreds of thousands of people back into work , i 'm all for it . 
  there is a difference between going up to 2 % inflation and having 20 % . 
  inflation really is not an issue now . 
  and it has not been for a while . 
  fears of weimar and zimbabwe are not only silly , they are downright harmful . 
  given that the czechs sit right next to the saxons and the bavarians , it 's no wonder . 
  i do n't understand them either , 
  you probably know this or it will come up during the visa process : you need a multiple entry visa for schengen if you do n't want to stay in the schengen area en bloc . 
  but we do not have inflation right now . 
  in fact , inflation is down [ way below ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/statistics_explained/index.php/inflation_in_the_euro_area ) the target . 
  you are welcome . 
  love , germany , 
  bad punctuation . 
  the `` if they had made it in '' was only meant to relate to the afd . 
  i know the linke are in , 
  i would say that this year is fringe case , with two parties right below the threshold . 
  and if you lower the threshold to , e.g. , 3 % , you can easily construct a scenario where five parties hover around 2.8 % of the votes . 
  given that a lower threshold would probably encourage people to vote more for fringe parties , i think this is not unlikely . 
  the hurdle as is is fine i feel . 
  it prevents fringe sentiments to garner representation in the parliament and to obstruct the political process . 
  as others have pointed out , if a movement garners serious political traction , a party will sooner or later make it solidly into the bundestag . 
  cases in point : the greens , the linke . 
  the hurdles has been tested before the verfassungsgericht btw , and the verfassungsgericht says it 's fine . 
  off course , any affected party can have the verfassg . 
  test it again in the face of the new reality . 
  ( opinion part ) i also believe the hurdle served very fine this year . 
  both the linke and the afd , if they had made it into the bundestag , are basically political dead space . 
  they ( would ) share a percentage of the seats in the bundestag , but there is no constellation where they actually constructively support politics . 
  both are , at the moment , not able to enter any sort of coalition . 
  both propose some policies that are fundamentally at odds with central tenets of postwar german foreign policy ( integration into the west , in particular eu and nato , for example ) . 
  as such , they just make governing harder . 
  now i would not call both parties anti-democratic , but both of them harbor proponents of some questionable ideas , some even close to being at odds with the constitution . 
  i really long for the day when the linke have their godesberger program . 
  that is the day when spd leads do n't have to pray the mantra that `` of course we wil not collaborate with ze evil communists ) , giving free brownie points to the cdu and being forced as junior partner into a grand coalition . 
  there is a left majority in germany , but it 's distributed over 3 ( and a half ) parties : spd , greens , linke ( and the pirates , to a lesser extent ) . 
  but this majority can never be used , because one of the parties involved can not be a member of a coalition . 
  last part was personal opinion obviously . 
  you voted fdp ? 
  you belong in a museum !, 
  check the wikipedia article on german election law . 
  the 5 % hurdle is compatible with the german constitution ( says the verfassungsgericht ) and the aim behind it is to reduce splitter party presence . 
  also , you do n't want the parliament to become overly large . 
  the bundestag is ( so i read ) already the second largest parliament . 
  each mdb gets a salary , speech time , an office , his party will want to be represented in tv duels and stuff - it 's fine as is . 
  the bundestag is probably already too large , and with the 5 + parties in the bundestag we already get a grand coalition every second election . 
  also , you do n't understand the central tenet of the german elections : second vote only determines the distribution of seats in the bundestag . 
  equalizing \u00dcberhandmandate is fine . 
  obviously . 
  but still , if you get attacked and occupied by a country that has been your enemy for quite a while , and there are rumors about deportations and killings and whatnot , then you 'd hate that flag pretty fast i think . 
  it 's not that the whole world was convinced that hitler and the nazis were harmless until after wwii . 
  mist . 
  i do n't know , that 's how it is . 
  but the sweet pears set a nice counterpoint to the bacon . 
  try it , it 's super tasty . 
  fair point . 
  but given that the overwhelming stereotype of germans abroad involves lederhosen , i think we ought to get to represent the republic once in a while , 
  did he not ? 
  i have seen this `` documentary '' once . 
  i think he was actually killed there  on a more serious note , interesting pictures . 
  that one with the building full of swastika flags , about in the middle of the page , made me think . 
  if i were french and to walk by that building , day after day , it would make me sick . 
  think of it , you are sorta a liberal western democracy , and on comes this monstrous dictatorship and plants their ugly flags all over your place . 
  shudder . 
  no , germany tries to reduce/not increase dual citizenship as much as necessary .
