  fair point . 
   i blame them for spreading racist and sterotypes of greeks into the media so they can brainwash the german people into believing the greeks deserve to be punished that is not happening . 
  yes , there are occasional inappropriate remarks ( sometimes even by members of government ) , but those are fringe sentiments that should be taken as seriously as we take the hitler mustaches . 
  and this brainwashing thing is surprisingly difficult to pull off on a democracy . 
   even going so far as to have a german politican of greek origin resign in disgust at the levels of racism in german politics he was member of a fringe party , and he is a thief . 
  i would not take this too seriously . 
  but i mainly blame them for not thinking long term . 
   there was/is no need for harsh austerity in greece or cyprus or anywhere else for that matter but specifically greece . 
  cyprus , i disagree . 
  if your countries business model is based on dodgy banking umpteen time bigger than normal gdp , there is not much sympathy when that fails and has to be cut back . 
  and the cypriot government lost all the rest of my respect when they changed the conditions of the bail-in to include small savings accounts ( in order to preserve the shady banking business ) and then blamed berlin . 
  that was seriously not cool . 
  for the rest of the periphery , the situation is different . 
  there are certainly economic misalignments in the `` south '' ( e.g. , housing bubble in spain ) . 
  these countries need to fix their national budgets , there can be no doubt about it . 
  this probably also means cutbacks on stuff the country can not afford . 
  i agree that austerity is a stupid idea and obviously does not work . 
  but you also need to see that it is virtually impossible to do the alternative : massive permanent monetary transfers into the south . 
  especially now , in an election year , and against the backdrop of certain undeniable sins ( high corruption , this whole taxi license thing , some workers retiring at 50 , massive tax evasion , the cooked books when it came to joining the euro ) and the existing stereotypes . 
  nb i 'm not saying that `` the greek '' ( or the spanish , portuguese , ... ) are lazy and want a freebie . 
  maybe we can have the `` marshal plan for the south '' after the elections . 
   hey are in fact making things worst , maybe you will understand where i coming from . 
  in our defense , you should never blame on bad intent what you also can blame on incompetence . 
  the idea that a situation like this demands expansionary policy is pretty unpopular , even in the us . 
  that 's a worldwide phenomenon . 
   there is almost a 99 % chance greece will leave the euro now because of how germany dis-honored the greeks , by forcing this bail-out , by forcing stereotypes and racism and then continuing to push for even more austerity ( finance minister of greece publicly said today that he is ready to quit his position due to troika continued harsh demands ) . 
  the bailout was not forced . 
  greece asked for help , and there were conditions attached to getting it . 
  technically , you could have said `` no '' . 
  also , i do n't think you will leave . 
   germany could have been a great leader , but they decided not to be because they want to run europe like a business , putting profits above all human costs . 
  and greece is tired of there shit . 
  we do n't want to lead . 
  we want to sell you our stuff and come for vacation . 
  the last time we `` lead '' the continent , we came withing viewing distance of moscow . 
  we do n't want to lead . 
  really . 
  by the way , the idea that the southern economies are intentionally destroyed is pretty stupid . 
  right now , the german economy is suffering because the people in the south are to poor to buy our stuff . 
  moreover , you are so focused on germany , you completely forget that there are other `` creditor '' countries . 
  finland got an extra clause in the first ( or second ? 
  not sure ) greek bailout , and from what i 've gathered , all this lending money is even less popular in denmark or the netherlands . 
  but for some reason , it 's always ze evil german 's fault ... ok , long post ten comments deep . 
  so basically , it 's just for you . 
  my points i hope you take from this , or at least consider : * we do n't hate the greek . 
  * not all germans agree on current policy * there is no intentional destruction of the south going on . 
  would be a net loss for us . 
  i like you . 
  my stance on this is that people in `` the south '' shoulds disregard the occasional `` make an example of greece '' ( dobrindt ) stupid `` stammtisch '' remark , just as we disregard the hitler mustaches on merkel 's face ( which looks kinda funny anyway ) . 
  in a conversation between grownups , everything below a certain level of thought should just be ignored . 
  til about the black legend . 
  rest assured , the only people that have ever heard about it are prolly spaniards . 
  my stereotypes of spaniards are only about the funny way you speak castellano ( `` barsthelona '' ) . 
  the unemployment is really concerning though , and the rifts that open thoughout europe in wake of the crisis . 
  zis time , we surprise ze frogs and come through belgium !, 
  zey will never see it coming !, 
  hue hue hue !!, 
  our tanks are better anyway . 
  not sure why we need them though , this whole `` invading france or poland '' business has been falling out of fashion as of lately ... 
  yes !, 
  be gone , vile speed limits on motorways !, 
  beer new national beverage !, 
  humor outlawed !, 
  do n't step on the grass !, 
  also , i did not know that `` winning '' now is equivalent to `` devastate with misguided policy '' , 
  you wo n't believe how excruciating it is to watch half of europe lie in austerity-inflicted shambles and everybody still buying this stupid `` swabian housewife '' analogy ( ca n't spend more then you earn ) . 
  that 's not the way it works !, 
  i am so mad at peer steinbr\u00fcck for his amateur attempts to defeat merkel . 
  my point was that i am not under the impression that hungary is following dublin completely either , and not just since a few days . 
   hungary , as a law abiding schengen country registers every refugee and/or migrant and prevents them from moving forward deeper into the eu , all in accordance with the dublin treaty . 
  reports from the past weeks out of hungary , and reports since months out of italy and greece suggest that these countries all have given up on doing that . 
  how else would even a single refugee make it to germany after all ? 
   it 's not just merkel . 
  i 'm not hearing a comprehensive solution from any eu government . 
  most of them only seem interested ( or willing ) in pushing it around to others - the natural reaction of most governments . 
  yup , solidarity seems to be a one-way street . 
   i know , and my point was that what i 've seen from refugee camps there - and turkey is n't a third world country ( or is it ? ), 
  - are n't exactly all stars and roses . 
  what i 've seen are enormous tent cities , but i honestly do n't know how representative it is . 
  obviously , it 's not all roses in turkey . 
  but given that we command much more wealth , we should at least be able to go beyond tent cities . 
   also , it is n't so much about just housing them , but about how and where to house them and doing so in a manner that does n't create social tensions . 
  social tensions my ass . 
  people are not against getting shit from the federal budget/l \u00e4nderfinanzausgleich . 
  obviously hosting a number of refugees can be a burden , as it introduces poor ( by definition ) people of a different cultural background into the area . 
  funnily enough , a federal system does n't mean to be on the receiving end of stuff all the time . 
  i have a lot of bad things to say about bavaria , but a lot of villages there have really picked up the ball . 
  if the brown mob in saxony does n't want to share in germany 's international obligations , cut the off from federal funding . 
  apparently solidarity is not for them . 
  let them eat cake . 
   because lebanon had a delicate ethnic balance in the 1950 's and 60 's which was tossed into chaos by the arrival of palestinian refugees . 
  this led to the formation of sectarian militias , the beginning of sectarian attacks , and then the gruesome war which slaughtered 120,000 people in a country of only 3 million at that time . 
  the cold war , of course , having nothing to do with it . 
  adding a large percentage of new people on top of the native population might be problematic , but cold war logic seems to be the overwhelming issue there . 
   turkey is a complex country with many different political issues , but those are often exacerbated by refugee flows , because they introduce more instability and partisanship into turkish society . 
  that is not answering my question . 
  show me why the age-old conflicts in turkey happen to be related to the relatively new phenomenon of refugees . 
   i said that it seems infeasible for people in office , not that the countries are incapable of handling it . 
  and indeed political capital poses a management problem for politicians too , not exclusively but especially so for self-centered ones . 
  maybe our politicians should learn from those in these places , though i 'm not sure what the lesson would be .
