  i think that 's the problem . 
  merkel is going with her usual `` say nothing '' style , but given the explosive power this has that is clearly not the right approach . 
  she needs to make a statement here , but of course she wo n't because that might offend a few people off her 102 % approval rating . 
  not even to speak of the seehofers of this world who feed on right-wing paranoia . 
  be tough , sure , but draw a line separating democratic from xenophobic . 
  we already saw 80 years ago what happens if the right wing sells out to the anti-democrats . 
   conditions in refugee centers may be horrible here , but they may be even worse elsewhere . 
  they may also be better elsewhere , but i do n't know how that correlates to the number of people who have been taken in . 
  point was that our possibilities are nowhere near exhausted if third world countries can manage a multitude of refugees . 
  we landed a probe on a fucking comet , are currently staring down a nuclear superpower and we can slap around mid sized nations , but housing a few thousand people is suddenly too much ? 
  yeah . 
  can you elaborate onto why the lebanese civil war was caused by refugees , and how the instability in turkey is caused by the same ( and not by turkey 's ongoing conflicts with the kurds and isis ) ? 
  that would make a lot stronger case . 
   it is n't , but it should be . 
  the way he chose to phrase it presented a good opportunity to point to that . 
  fair point . 
  it just rustled my jimmies that this comes up during a situation with people in clear and present danger of their lives but seems to be irrelevant when it comes to political pet peeves . 
   that 's also true and potentially part of the reason why politicians are n't at all eager to tackle the problem . 
  they either ignore these obligations , or dig their own grave by accommodating more migrants . 
  any proper solution seems to be beyond reach for the people in office . 
  oh , come on . 
  countries like jordan , lebanon and turkey accomodate a far larger * absolute * number of refugees , yet one of the top five most powerful countries in the world with a larger population base is overwhelmed by a few 100k , many of them not allowed to stay permanently anyway ? 
  it 's purely a management problem : authorities were not prepared well enough even though this could have been spotted miles away , money is peanuts ( less than 2 berlin airports ) and apparently police are unable to protect people just like in lichtenhagen , but ready and waiting for any left-wing demo . 
   vice 's simon ostrovsky participated in a small interactive segment with viewers here [ 1 ] so that 's where simon went after he was banned from russia . 
  he certainly does n't shy away from the difficult topics . 
  have n't watched it yet , but i feel that pullitzer is overdue by a country mile . 
  you just be hating on us germans :( since you probably know it better than me , has the eu threatened in seriousness to invoke the guillotine clause ? 
  i know it was discussed around the time of the first vote , but i do n't know whether that unspoken threat was actually followed up upon . 
  as if that were driving politics when doing shit like road toll and re-routing power lines around bavaria ... also we kinda have our hands tied since we signed a few international conventions here and there . 
  apparently those still apply even when it 's not cost efficient for us ... 
   i did n't understand you because your english is poor . 
  oh i get by pretty well . 
  go do show me where my inglin done violate contemporary customs though . 
   immigrants entering germany 200 years ago does not make germany a nation of immigrants . 
  germany experiencing mass immigration today still does not make germany a country of immigrants . 
  germany is not a country of immigrants because germany was not built by immigrants . 
  it is simple . 
  we have a continued history of immigration , but that apparently does n't matter in your world . 
  it 's not immigration 200 years ago , it 's immigration since 200 years ago . 
  and you complain about my english ... and let 's not talk about labor shortage during the wirtschaftswunder , those pesky gastarbeiter would spoil your view of purely german success . 
  noted that you * still * would n't back up your claim that  some immigrants are better than others , the ones you are bringing now are complete trash a shame . 
  weak reply . 
     some immigrants are better than others , the ones you are bringing now are complete trash   sources , respectable please still nothing . 
    yo , because ethnic german , 2nd most popular migration destination do n't real . 
   you are n't making any sense . 
  i apologize for not accounting for your english skills . 
  to spell it out for you : the presence or of an ethnic german group is unrelated to the fact that germany is seeing immigration and has seeing immigration for centuries and that it ' , going well for then same amount of time . 
  are you opposed to huguenots coming ? 
  i consider and accept your capitulation with respect to immigration in the americas . 
   germany has successfully absorbed and integrated `` yugoslavs '' and turks ? 
  yup . 
   some immigrants are better than others , the ones you are bringing now are complete trash sources , respectable please . 
   still germany was never a country of immigration because as these huguenots and poles came in there was still a clearly defined german ethnic group yo , because ethnic german , 2nd most popular migration destination do n't real . 
  there is such a thing as assimilation . 
  15 % migration background but immigration do n't real -  something that has never existed in countries like america . 
  you have no idea on how the americas function . 
  let me update you on the peruvian-ecuadorian friendship , or the long-lasting chilenean-argentine cooperation . 
  germany has a long tradition of immigration . 
  we had the huguenots 200 years ago , we had polish come to the rhineland in imperial times , we had italians and turkish come during the cold war , and we had yugoslavs during the 90ies . 
  we have successfully absorbed all of these , and we will do so in the future . 
  germany has been an immigration country since along time , and this debate has been concluded at least a decade ago . 
  well , he is not wrong in that the checks and balances set up by our system * can * be circumvented , if you amass sufficient political capital . 
  that 's true for every democracy . 
  in order to do so , you either need an overwhelming majority of the population behind you ( which , with respect to the refugee topic , this poll says the extremists do not have ) or you need to outright disregard the rules . 
  for this case , our constitution has set up a number of bells and whistles to direct peoples attention to the fact that a coup is going on . 
  in either case , a democracy is only as strong as the people behind it . 
  constitutional rules only offer support in being strong . 
  that being said , the german democracy is pretty resilient . 
  well , technically we could adopt a new constitution to get around that , but i 'm convinced that any such attempt will be voted down . 
  yup . 
  but it 's funny to see them twist and turn since , once again , it becomes clear that the xenophobes are a minority . 
  my favorite from this thread so far is that `` polls are less reliable than comment sections '' and that 1k people is n't representative . 
  i am yet to see a better solution that 's constitutional and respects international treaties to which germany is a party . 
   um , i think you 're one of the few who thinks that their political system is democratic . 
  it is not without flaws , but when you look around the world it is pretty democratic . 
   yeah , so is misinformation and propaganda . 
  especially in the places we 're talking about . 
  and a lot of that propaganda is pretty bad . 
  i am willing to give russians some leeway in that media freedom is severely restricted in russia and that the transition towards democracy ( in the 90ies ) coincided with shitty economic times . 
  but let 's not pretend that the russian government acts completely disconnected from a people which does n't want a thing to do with it . 
  the american government is voted on in a democratic fashion . 
  people are responsible for the government they elect . 
  while i would n't exactly call russia a democracy , putin and his actions still enjoy sky-high approval ratings , so a majority of russians seem to be okay with it . 
  and it 's not like in the 30ies , free and independent information in all kinds of languages is only a mouse-click away . 
  interesting theory . 
  it would explain stuff like [ this ] ( http://img.thesun.co.uk/multimedia/archive/00120/f_200610_october316_120551a.jpg ) . 
  judging by what i have read from you over the time i have come to the conclusion that you are actually german and only born into latvia by a cosmic accident . 
  fake . 
  you have a `` the '' before `` evil and feared russian ... '' . 
  rookie . 
  does n't have to include the uk , but the eurozone certainly must chose between three options : * move foward towards a fiscal union * dissolve into optimal currency areas * have some states become effective vassals of stronger ones ( read : germany ) i prefer the first one . 
  oh , you would n't believe it . 
  expats can be very vocal when it comes to defending the motherland . 
  in my social circle , everyone who has friends with russian background has decided not to discuss any russia-related politics . 
  it never ends well . 
  many of them are completely unwilling to even consider any proposition that portrays russia in a negative light . 
  my mother is a history teacher , and when the molotov-ribbentrop pact came up , one student with a russian background straight out stood up and called that lies and slander . 
  supposedly there was no way to talk sense into him . 
  lagarde is an imperial grand moff . 
  mogherini maybe ?
