  or his v-man 's actual wife ? 
  come on , varoufakis is * obviously * han solo . 
  maverick style , good looking , gets fired/frozen . 
  i mean , his motorcycle makes the kessel run in less than twelve parsecs !, 
   what is your personal opinion on hartz iv ? 
  mixed . 
  i have/had people in my social circle that were crushed under the effects because they wanted work , but there was no work , and it really tore them down ( they since got a stable job ) , and i know people that still would n't really want tow work and rather relaxed in the tiny life they had . 
  on a more general picture , it 's generally accepted that something had to be done , but h1-4 often skirts on the edges of what 's constitutionally permissible and the practices in place produce a lot of really hard cases on the edge of what i consider morally acceptable . 
  the general idea , i think , is okay , but the execution produced and produces a lot of problems . 
  i 'd prefer if the country did loose the leash a bit and put a lot more cases on the right side of what 's constitutional . 
  a recent example would be from the last elections . 
  the salary of the federal chancellor came up . 
  for context , it 's roughly a quarter of a milllion $ annually before taxes , but exempt from pension contributions . 
  i do n't remember the context and whether he was asked or not , but the challenger steinbr\u00fcck ( social democrats ) said at some point that this is not appropriate . 
  upon which merkel remarked that she 's just fine . 
  now , they are both right . 
  the leader of one of the most powerful countries on earth earns very little compared to leaders of private corporations , and in particular if you factor in the responsibilities . 
  on the other hand , $ 250k/y is clearly enough for any decent person to live on , and even more so when you can sell your memoirs for good money after the fact . 
  merkel benefited of that faux pas , of course . 
  i did n't say that schr\u00f6der was in it exclusively for the money . 
  i might have overphrased it , but especially schr\u00f6der had no trouble enjoying the perks being the leader of a g8 country brings with it . 
  merkel does n't give a shit about that . 
  it will be really interesting what she does once she retires , if ever . 
  the flip side , as you point out , is that schr\u00f6der took a huge political hit over something he deemed necessary , yet was ( and is ) unpopular . 
  merkel has amassed tremendous political capital but will not expend it on things . 
  it 's especially frustrating if you , like me , think there are certain things that need to be done but are n't done , even though merkel is in a prime position to do it . 
  she 'd rather be ~ ~ empress of europe ~ ~ chancellor forever . 
  oh , i did n't mean it to come off condescending beyond the usual snobbery . 
  i updated my statement to reflect that . 
  the critique was rather with the way those `` for-show-only '' titles work . 
  i would n't dispute that real , good , hard science can be done in any of these disciplines and has been done . 
  a point of attack during the cause schavan was that the humanities and similar disciplines can be susceptible to work that only consists in rehashing other people 's texts and then smacking your unique twist on it and calling it a day . 
  in what 's sometimes referred to as the `` hard sciences '' , that almost never works . 
  you either need a roughly new idea or years of grueling lab work . 
  with a ph.d. in political sciences , you never know whether it 's a `` real '' ph.d. or just show . 
  with stuff like physics , you know it 's very likely to be the former . 
  hence the snobbery , 
  sure !, 
  we had a number of scandals a few years back involving ph.d theses that were not up to scientific standards , or just full of outright copied material . 
  the initial one involved then defense minister karl-theodor [ ... ] zu guttenberg who had basically just mashed up texts of other people . 
  [ here ] ( http://de.guttenplag.wikia.com/wiki/guttenplag_wiki ) is the report on that , the barcode you see represents pages . 
  white pages are without stolen material , black oages with , red with multiple and blue is not analyzed because appendix  he appears on american tv sometimes posing as an `` elder statesman '' . 
  if you see him , remember that he 's a thief . 
  there were a few other scandals ( one included then minister of education and friend of merkel , anette schavan ) and almost all of them were with politicians in the governing ( centre-right ) parties . 
  most of the ph.d. 's involved where `` lightweight '' ph.d. 's , where you write up something in international law or educational science or something like that , hand it in and get good marks for a title to show off ( edit : the critique is with the way politician ph.d 's work , not the discipline ) . 
  merkels ph.d. is in physical chemistry or something like that , so it involved years of real science . 
  and i would bet good money on it being her work alone . 
  i wanted to dispute the point that germany has a strong conservative bias ( like the us , if framed into our political system ) . 
  after the 1998 election , it was talked about that the left had a `` structural majority '' here , and i remember the boast in 2009 how black-yellow had managed to overcome that . 
  it 's pretty close , i 'd say . 
  an overwhelmingly large number of germans sits in a tight pack around the center , and who governs is often decided by who can gobble up that center : red-green won on `` die neue mitte '' , and merkel has moved the cdu to the left to cement her position in the middle . 
    i talked about the parliament , and there ,  just to be technical you said   the electorate votes in a left-leaning parliament , but due to the way the party lines fall , the conservatives govern . 
  i see no contradiction . 
   yeah but its not like they will swing towards left wing economics . 
  there are a lot of social moderate/social liberals who are economic liberals and not economic leftwingers . 
  there is more to party identity than economic policy . 
  the left-right designation was often a bit tricky when it came to the fdp , but i would disagree if you would put the f.d.p. 
  of a yonder firmly on the right . 
  as i said in the other thread , i talked about the parliament , not the percentage at which parties poll and 1994 was six elections ago . 
  i talked about the parliament , and there , the left has had a majority in 1998 , 2002 , 2005 and 2013 . 
  the 20 years were chosen on purpose to not include 1994  also parties that have no hope to go over the 5 % cutoff are politically close to useless . 
  it 's likely that afd will not make it in come the next elections , and neither will the npd ( neo-nazi ) nor the pirates . 
  also , be careful with your party labels . 
  cdu/csu are center-right alright , but afd has become a solid brown party recently , and the direction of the fdp is uncertain . 
  they had a strong civil-liberties component before they started to become a rich-people-party . 
  it 's possible that they move back into that direction . 
  edit : i really do n't understand why this is downvoted . 
  someone explain to me ? 
  very popular , but often ridiculed for her tendency to inaction ( which means that she rarely generates political friction ) until the last minute and her inability to make concise statements . 
  most people would agree that she has personal integrity ( her ph.d. is in hard science and probably not stolen , unlike those of some party members ) and that she is n't in it for the money or showing off ( unlike putins buddy schr\u00f6der ) . 
  also often regarded as a clever tactician in party politics , she has killed off all rivals ( and there were quite a few ) . 
  we voted in a left-leaning parliament in four out of the last five elections . 
  kohl is a special case because he presided over the reunification . 
  standard for most chancellors has been around two terms . 
  merkel is just an excellent populist : instead of demanding popular stuff , she rarely does unpopular things . 
  problems are just waited out . 
  she also moved the party a bit to the left . 
  the annoying thing is that , at least since 20 years , the electorate votes in a left-leaning parliament , but due to the way the party lines fall , the conservatives govern . 
  sch\u00e4uble is not selling . 
  yeah , same here . 
  sometimes they kill someone actually . 
  honestly , i 'm incredibly torn about this . 
  vetoing ukraine in nato seemed to be the right thing at the time ( i lived in the americas back then , so cut me some slack ) , but of course , in hindsight , it very much does not . 
  on the plus side , ukraine is no ( edit : + w ) on an irrevocable path towards europe . 
  article 5 and the eu are now only a matter of time . 
  ukraine may have an incredibly tough path ahead of them , but it only points towards one direction , and if i have any input in it , you should get whatever assistance is required . 
  today i read another article on ua prosecuting rogue elements among a volunteer unit . 
  you guys are on the right path . 
  i believe you might be mixing up two things . 
  sovereign immunity protects against criminal and civil procedures , but it does not make a sovereign accountable . 
  debt , if issued under a foreign jurisdiction is very much enforceable . 
  holdout credit holders based in the us , for example , temporarily foreclosed on an argentine navy ship . 
  while argentina got a debt restructuring , holdouts still cause a significant amount of problems for argentina and even pushed them into another default just last year . 
  in the case of greece , i believe that a good chunk of debt is now issued under british law . 
  so while greece can possibly wipe out their debts under greek law , that part of the debt will continue to haunt them if they can not find reconciliation with holdout investors . 
  that might be one of the reasons tsipras surrendered in the end : even a default would , while also having very immediate consequences , leave considerable amounts of debt in hard currency hanging over athens . 
  it 's the flag being used to symbolize europe . 
  the eu flag is also the flag of the council of europe ( which russia is a member of ) and often used to denote europe , the eurozone or anything like that . 
  `` that '' refers to the pkw-maut though . 
  i think you misunderstoofd me .
