   they see themselves as equals to usa i can understand why russians see it that way , but it 's just not true . 
  russia is ahead or on par with the us only in a small number of aspects : to mind come space launch capabilities and the ability to wipe humanity off the face of the planet . 
  the latter one is n't particularly useful since it 's incredibly binary . 
  the us are ahead in a number of fields ( population , gdp , scientific output , conventional military capabilities , infrastructure , ... ) , sometimes by an order of magnitude . 
  that does n't necessarily degrade russia to a regional power , but the us will be ahead of them for the foreseeable future . 
   to have their own sphere of influence in europe there is no god-given right to a sphere of influence . 
  in particular , there is no right to have power over smaller countries against their will . 
  and , if such a sphere of influence manifests itself temporarily ( through use of force or by peaceful means ) , there is no rule against the idea that parts of it may leave said sphere of influence . 
  fully half of europe answering to moscow during the second half of the twentieth century is a historical exception , not the rule . 
   they think that their interests should be respected at least in eurasia . 
  they should . 
  in particular , there should be renewed discussion between russia and the west on the security architecture of europe . 
  clearly parts of europe feel threatened by russia , and russia feels threatened by nato , so there are reasons to talk . 
  however , if taking away the option to do to another country whatever you want is against your interests , that tells a lot about you . 
  both the eu and nato can be left unilaterally . 
  if russia wants e.g. , the baltics in their team , they should offer bigger carrots than brussels and washington . 
  oh , * come on * . 
  the last time i spelled out to a portuguese what would happen in case we invaded the bacalhau was the problem . 
  now we do n't touch that , you suddenly get clingy about the speed limits . 
  what 's next , getting brazil back ? 
  might as well annex you into spain then . 
  do i have your cooperation now ? 
  the number for the transalls should be halved , since they deploy in pairs . 
  one to transport the cargo , the other to transport spares when the first one breaks down . 
  this time we start from the other side . 
  portugal first . 
  then we will put order to that ungodly place . 
  saudade will be replaced by melancholie , your silly wine will be replaced by proper beer and we will do away with the heathen speed limits . 
  we wo n't touch the bacalhau if you agree to call it kabeljau . 
  let 's build a death star !, 
  we do n't do camps anymore . 
  that account has deleted some of their comments , since overall comment karma and karma of shown comments does n't add up . 
  i know a number of accounts that do this for various reasons . 
  as long as you do n't also take away thomas m\u00fcller and manuel neuer , it 's k. 
  surrounded by friends , budgetary concerns , low acceptance of the military in the society , until recently low perceived threat level , no ambitions at power projection . 
  it seemed like a good idea at the time . 
  in theoretical computer science , poland kicks major ass . 
  igor walukiewicz is one of the better known th.sci researchers , and there is a large number of other poles that are very relevant . 
  damian niwinski has written an important book on fixpoint theory , miko\u0142aj boja\u0144czyk has contributed tremendously to a subfield ( sets with atoms ) and is one of the inventors of the highlights conference , and there is at least a dozen poles i cite every other paper . 
  most of them have been on eu funds on and off . 
  poland 's contribution is very much appreciated in my field . 
  depends . 
  after the night of broken glass , goebbels called what happened `` gesunder volkszorn '' , `` healthy ire of the people '' . 
  not sure whether the parallel was intended though . 
  funnily enough , i do n't think france is considered a traditional football rival here in germany ( and neither is england , but do n't tell them ) . 
  our chief rivalries are with the dutch and then italy ( and we finally exorcised * that * demon this year ) . 
  gign is french . 
   whenever i post i put a disclaimer in saying my german is trash . 
  i 'd prefer a small `` please correct mistakes in my german '' at the end of the post instead of your variant . 
  even if not intended so , it 's always dangerously close to fishing for compliments . 
   the `` west '' is not fighting isis . 
  true . 
  isis has not lost a single inch of land in iraq , and the poor sdf would love coalition air support - they just do n't get it . 
   the russians were bombing the shit out of isis . 
  the russians are bombing almost everyone , including groups that exclusively fight isis , and the civilian population . 
  russian effectiveness against isis is doubtful , especially since the saa is n't too good at holding the ground they take with aerial support . 
  i am not going to argue with someone who seriously equates reports about a very real surge in hate mail to what the russian media made up about ukraine , or someone who equates some talk about `` shared sovereignty '' to a forceful takeover . 
  you are crazy . 
  i do n't get it . 
  the eu does recognize the uks right to leave . 
  there is actually a rule in the eu treaties governing how that works . 
  and while eu leaders have expressed their wish for the uk to stay , and their regret that the uk voted to leave , all major players have indicated that the uks decision to leave will be respected and that the uk will not be punished for it . 
  and neither do we see polite little irish men in belfast , nor has spain mounted a surprise occupation of gibraltar , which `` for every spaniard is as holy as is jerusalem to the jews . '', 
  nor does continental media describe the british as fascists plotting to exterminate every pole in the uk . 
  the similarities go no farther than that a separation is happening , otherwise , the eu has reacted opposite from how russia has . 
  i 'm quite open to a good relationship with russia , and i 'm very unhappy about how things currently are . 
  however , the root of the problem is the same mentality that seeps out of your comment : talking about spheres of influence and staging changes of governments and the like . 
  russia ( and its fans in the west ) need to recognize that the countries in the post-soviet space are fully sovereign and can decide about their alignment on their own . 
  they need to learn not to consider it an aggression when a country in the post-soviet space decides to take measures to make itself immune from russian aggression . 
   you guys remember what the us was willing to do when the soviet union tried to install a `` defensive shield '' on cuba ? 
  there was nothing defensive about the missiles in cuba . 
  natos shield can stop small nuclear attacks . 
  the rockets in cuba could retaliate or first strike . 
   now if nato can undermine russias nuclear retaliation capabilities in the current state , and for the foreseeable future , the nato shield can easily be defeated by an overwhelming attack . 
  russia can retaliate just fine . 
  what they ca n't do anymore is what they misleadingly call a `` deescalation strike '' where they use a single nuke . 
  i guess congratulations are in order . 
  sad about the result , but , of course , every crisis presents an opportunity . 
  let 's hope things can be sorted out to our mutual best . 
   and anyone having a wife probably know the chill the point is that the wife just publicly announced that she wants a divorce . 
  understandably , the husband wants her to file the papers asap in order to be able to go on with a new life . 
   that includes fielding a single team for the olympics and world cup . 
  so * that * is the secret plan to finally see a championship star above a dutch player 's crest ... 
  in all seriousness though , i think stuff like sports very much does n't need joint teams . 
  national identity is not something you make go away with the stroke of a pen . 
  different native languages alone will guarantee that ( this is also one of the eu 's problems - no common public ) . 
  given the eu 's motto `` united in diversity '' , it should also not be attempted to erase it . 
  rather there should be a complimentary eu identity to go along with it . 
  for this , the eu would need a new promise . 
  sadly , the idea of `` never again war on our soil '' has worn thin , for many do n't remember what that actually means and take is as granted . 
  an opinion piece i read today proposed that social justice should be this new promise , and by social justice it meant that anyone should be able to find a decent job . 
  that means tackling the unemployment problem that 's haunting the southern countries , together . 
  that means making sure that fair work entails fair pay . 
  it means fixing the design problems of the euro . 
  it does n't have to be the full 27 with this . 
  france and germany should make a push for such an idea , and the rest could join if they desired so , and stay out if they do n't . 
  and if you really want a joint success story , pour some serious money into esa and land a some dude or dudette on the moon . 
  the money and the tech is there , and as a side effect , it would shut up a lot of stupid arguments here on reddit , 
  i 'd assume that the uk is also less likely to be asked for consent in situations where a majority vote is enough ( like the commission president post ) . 
  in that sense , the uk already lost a lot of say in eu matters just tonight .
