  this is actually really funny . 
  i 've met people like that too . 
  they really think that the uk really matters in the grand scheme of things . 
  a couple of nukes change nothing . 
  sometimes i 'm wondering too . 
  and he is still up voted by some fucking retards . 
  the thing is , your country is almost advertising itself as ` world police , mercenaries for hire ' . 
  its not like anyone got to beg for help of the us army . 
  if you hate it so much , then what are you doing here ? 
  you seem like an intelligent individual and yet you believe that ` america was reluctant at first , but then it had to save your european sorry asses ' . 
  you believed the show your government made to justify still being ` peace making ' in the eyes of the voters . 
  like the us military had to be dragged into the conflict against their own will . 
  oh please . 
  why do you care ? 
  i too wish of european army . 
  as in a single entity . 
  because russia obviously never does anything evil , and we need to vilify it !, 
  ... and nazis form germany . 
  see ? 
  my joke was as stupid as yours . 
  so stop using it . 
  other industries might follow though . 
  welll ... 
  it says `` do n't be evil '' on their slogan , so it must be right !, 
   edit : on the bottom it says `` a total number of polish citizens living outside of poland is 21 million '' it is n't really true . 
  it says polish citizens and people of polish heritage . 
  yeah , well did n't you know ? 
  apparently gay men vomit when they see a female , according to igelkotten . 
  wait i do n't get it . 
  if i 'm from poland , and me , my wife and my kid are living in uk , will that change mean that i will not get child benefit ? 
  or if i 'm in uk and my wife and kid are in poland , then i 'm not getting child benefit ? 
  which version is it ? 
  you seem very riled up about something , why do n't you tell us how you really feel ? 
  let me guess , when you have usa in flare you instantly make a shitpost ? 
  did n't you say that poles take money back o poland ? 
  i know shitloads of polish people , 90 % of them are raising their kids as britons , they do n't send any money to poland because their closest family is already here . 
  you are pulling facts out of your ass . 
  i 'm polish , and i can assure you that not a single polish person i know thinks `` good '' about usa . 
  not a single person i know says `` i 'd wish we would suck americans dick even more '' , it 's our government that is like this . 
  what most poles want is higher integration with western part of europe . 
  i 'm sorry guys , i know there are shitloads of decent americans here , but i really vote for a mass ban on * freedom * , on this subreddit . 
  i know i did . 
  so eu citizens who are here legally still keep their free nhs ? 
  i say thats fair . 
  it can be a good thing too . 
  lots of people really though about poland as this shitty country which is constantly beaten up by germany , but then just to make more fun of it they started to read about it . 
  about polish ; victories , history , culture and so on , and many of them went 180 * with `` holy shit , what was i thinking ? '', 
  on their minds . 
  at least that 's what i noticed when i was going through / r/polandball very religiously few months ago . 
  what was it saying ? 
  just out of curiosity  . 
  thats pretty sad actually , when you think about it . 
  i like polandball , i 've been fairly active in there , but when the best thing someone can tell about you is a satire showing how shitty your contry is , is really ... sad . 
  oh , do n't you know those easter europeans who come to my western european country and act all like `` shieeet , i feel like i should talk to my comapnys owner and ask him if he could lover wage to the absolute minimum for every eastern european and make sure that he should only employ eastern europeans so those westerners do n't get jobs . '', 
  why those people think that it 's not because of the greed of the company owners , but those easter europeans who get fucked on the paycheck is beyond me . 
  i 'm afraid this is going to be taken as antisemitism by jewish circles . 
  the ruling party knows that this is their last turn , so they want to steal as much as they can . 
  you are the reason that i want americans to not speak up here . 
  read whatever you like , but just do n't write anything . 
  it 's called having a sense of humour . 
  and come on , i chuckled when he said that . 
  i 'd also like to see a series like this `` what do you think ( good or bad ) about [ country ] ? '', 
  this way you can get to know what others think ( not necessarily know but what they think ) about said country . 
  it would also allow for a debate and further education and maybe fighting the stereotypes of the country in the title . 
  that 's just like , my idea . 
  finland . 
  it 's hard to explain , i really love finland . 
  i love the culture , the people ( i 've met a couple of them ) and i 'm in the process of learning the language . 
  i really-really-really want to move to finland after i learn the language . 
  there 's no problem with europeans immigrating to other european countries . 
  there 's no problem when non europeans immigrate to european countries and want to assimilate . 
  however , there is a problem when a non european wants to immigrate to europe and does n't want to assimilate . 
  i vote for finnish . 
  i love finland . 
  it 's guts . 
  we eat guts , and they taste great . 
  estonians probably . 
  man , you slovaks have some shitty jokes . 
  on the other hand , thats a really good training . 
  those people in there are getting battle hardened which will lead to good army leaders in the future . 
   do you see the citizens of poland becoming more proud of their own nation if it can evolve into a respectable power ? 
  see , this is a hard one . 
  there 's an awful lot of bitter people in poland , people that have this sort of mentality `` everyone laughts at us , mexico of europe , worse than western euorpe , why do they hate us ? '', 
  and yet almost all the time at a rant like that they add `` never again , we will ** not ** go down again . 
  ** ever . 
  ** '' so in reality we poles have a good conscience about poland and polish citizens , but we still weaken ourselves and our views . 
  bitter people from other countries do n't really help with their polandballs ( although i 'm subscribed to it for the last couple of months and i love those , and i know that every single pole knows that its a satire they are still really weaking poland in our eyes . ), 
  and their mocking . 
  so yeah , to sum it up . 
  we think high of ourselves but in the same time we really despise what we are now . 
  yeah ... 
  there are talks about streamlining it slightly , because sometimes it looks like a blob of white . 
  especially when you want the coa on small things . 
  no wonder . 
  prussia was fucking awesome . 
  it was like a connection of * poland and russia * , hence * pr * ussia . 
  this lesson was for free folks . 
  i was n't following g the news . 
  what reality check ? 
  some people are really dumb man .
