that it 's reasonable ? 
  keep on reading . 
  it 's going away completely in 2015 i think . 
  i 'm not a fan of nigel . 
  but i must admit , this was quite funny . 
  it 's pretty sad when you think about it . 
  i disagree . 
  revisionist history much ? 
  how did it feel being shrekt by poles you despise so much ? 
  it 's not like we are any better towards poles , now are we ? 
  #rekt it 's funny seeing russians fail so utterly . 
  tfw estonia and not into nordic, 
  toplol, 
  i do n't have to say anything . 
  this guy just drove a fucking tank through you . 
  and you 're still making a fool out of yourself . 
  this is hilarious . 
  please , do n't reply back . 
  thank you . 
  he fucking destroys your every argument . 
  wow , i 'm impressed that you even respond to him , since you do n't have anything to say . 
   that could n't even protect itself for three weeks . 
  you are aware of one fact though , right ? 
  poland reappeared on the map after ww1 , and it was about what ? 
  20 years before ww2 happened ? 
  how can you expect a ( somewhat ) 20 year old country ( as in , after reappearing on the map ) that had to build the infrastructure pretty much from the ground up to repel an attack from a nation ( germans ) that could take our cozy island with ease , a country that existed for thousand of years without such drastic partitions , a country that had bigger , better prepared army and more technologically advanced army ? 
  poland had no chance without our help . 
  if you 're trying to insult someone , at least learn a bit about them . 
  because otherwise you just look like a buffoon . 
  man , i sure ca n't wait for 21st century to hit them too . 
  then why are you speaking about it ? 
  and throwing some serious accusations . 
  you 're right . 
  brit here , i 'm not one of your `` british people '' . 
  people are laughing at you . 
  laughing at korwin too . 
  go back to wykop . 
  they pay taxes in the uk , they can and they will get child benefits even if their kids are living in another country . 
  it 's called `` logic '' . 
  go to jail ? 
  what for ? 
  soomeeeonee is buuuutthuuuurt . 
  no , that 's actually tusk . 
  have fun while it lasts . 
  it 's all gon na go down in time for the next elections and you know it . 
  many of those fresh 18 year olds and your 15 year old keyboard warriors on forums are gon na experience life and grow up by the time , and you will be back to 2 % . 
  you know what 's gon na happen to your 10 % in the future ? 
  the same thing that happened to palikot . 
  but please , be my guest and live in delusion for a little bit longer . 
  ... of 15 year olds . 
  korwin voters please go away . 
  wow , you 're fucking stupid . 
  do n't shit yourself on the way out . 
  he does n't . 
  he wants to feel persecuted . 
  if you really think that what i wrote is antisemitic then there 's really no future for you . 
  you will live your life in constant fear by thinking that everyone is out to get you . 
  dude , you 're aware of the fact that thats retarded ? 
  lol , i fucking love the fact that you associated me with antisemitism ( that 's why you 're showing me those things , right ? ), 
  because of some unknown reason . 
  thanks . 
  but why are you showing me this ? 
  you do n't seem to have read the article . 
  '' - our state behaves like dicks to other nations ... - gee i wonder why people do n't associate our state with many good things . '', 
  that was a really good article . 
  omg a grill , a real human grill, 
  because you too , have been ... shrekt . 
  no man . 
  you 're american . 
  i 'm european so i 'm probably 1/7 italian , german , french and so on but that does n't make me an italian , german or french . 
  it 's not the first time i see americans trying to make themselves to what they are not by bringing in `` heritage '' from different countries . 
  maybe if you 're 12 . 
  nope he does n't know that , because he watched a rather popular video by an idol of all aspiring 15 year olds ( such as op ) about a woman who even if she wanted she could n't sell her pierogis on the market because of health regulations . 
  it 's rather pathetic really , those people have no idea what they are talking about . 
  you know that he jkm wont get more than 2 % next elections right ? 
  just look at them palikot guys , started off great and now what ? 
  the same thing will happen to jkm . 
  i want to see him get more percent in the next upcoming elections , but i 'm afraid that he will yet again succumb into nothingness after people realize that he can do absolutely nothing . 
  he has no idea what he 's suggesting he 's 15 years old . 
  you 're a jkm voter are n't ya ? 
  you are a part of the reason why the rest of the world thinks that americans are all fat inbreed lazy murderous stupid cunts . 
  you will never ever shake that opinion . 
  leave / r/europe and go to / r/murica to circlejerk about how you would shoot that thief in your house . 
  oh yes the brits are n't sweethearts by any stretch . 
  i never said they are . 
  you however , do proclaim that americans are gods among the tourists based on absolutely nothing , while in fact the truth is opposite to what you say and americans are one of the most hated tourists out there . 
  just shows how self centred you are . 
  pretty much wherever i go on vacations i see loud obnoxious american tourists and locals who just shake their heads in disappointment . 
  it says a lot about the kind of tourists you are sending abroad when americans try to hide their identity by claiming they are from canada or australia . 
  `` w-were n-not the worst ! '', 
  if by respect you mean that everyone thinks `` he is a fucking idiot , but we have to put up with his shit for now because he is sitting on a superpower . '', 
  then yeah , people sure respect putin . 
  let them think whatever they want . 
  why do we care ? 
  hahaah you are fucking retarded . 
  i 've read every single one of your posts here and my conclusion is in the very first sentence . 
  living here . 
  komorowski asian politics ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  he ca n't because he has no idea .
