  oh , and fuck off while you are at it . 
  nevermind the state , he could really do with a nanny . 
  you are not tied to your birthplace !, 
  you tie yourself to your birthplace , if you want . 
  how tight you tie the knots is your own choice . 
  do tell ; which part of your ethno-historical culture you are preserving with your comment ? 
  a thug and a twat . 
  it really does n't matter . 
  grab a beer , pick a team , ` yay ' or ` boo ' at will . 
  or do n't . 
  whatever you do , or do n't , make sure you have a beer in your hand at the time . 
  best of luck with that . 
  however , if you happen to be in italy ; carpet man !, 
  leave ? 
  scotland is n't about to set sail and drift off to oceans new . 
  as far as getting rid of tories goes ; i 'd say the scottish people have done very well . 
  maybe the english should try not to vote tory . 
  oh , while you 're at it , stop telling other countries what to do and how to do it . 
  ( this was n't meant to sound as harsh as it ended up sounding . 
  peace be with you and yours . ), 
  charge !, 
  who 's with me ? 
  nope . 
  he did n't know what the fuck i was talking about . 
  also he was not happy for the phone call at this hour . 
  i think we should make everyone adhere to gmt or gtfo . 
  might be better if the english were allowed to vote on scottish independence . 
  after all , the people of scotland are just dragging the english nation down . 
  the people of gibraltar are just ... wait !, 
  i have no idea what the people of gibraltar want . 
  hold on a sec , i 'll ask my friend in new mexico . 
  and scotland !, 
  no , wait . 
  what ? 
  maybe they should ask the locals what they want . 
  daft idea , i know , but should n't the people living in a place get a say ? 
  now i 'm sniggering with the idea of falkland island penguins holding up signs which read , `` could you all just fuck off now '' . 
  it 's a god approved tonic wine . 
  i 've noticed that of late . 
  call me old and naive but coppers used to be obliged to display their number at all times and give them on demand . 
  mind you , asking the polis for their number when i was young was akin to saying , `` smack me on the head with your truncheon '' . 
  big brave men . 
  remember folks , photograph all the things always . 
  a negative outlook ? 
  in the uk ? 
  no shit fitch . 
  it rains all the bloody time . 
  you want a positive outlook ? 
  fuck off to california , hang out with all the happy shiny people , stick a bright outlook palm tree up your arse and have nice day while you are at it . 
  that said , they 're probably right . 
  the land of hope and glory seems a bit lacking in both departments . 
  the spurious comment hides the fact that i really want to go there . 
  nah , i would n't move there . 
  people work too hard . 
  we score quite well in italy . 
  mostly because we are n't broken up into states/regions , otherwise sardinia would look up to vermont . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , `` vermont does fuck all '' . 
  tee hee , uk and plan in one sentence . 
  i 'm lazy , i like my food prepared for me :p, 
  and i throw money at them for their effort . 
  that 's what i got paid with . 
  white unsalted . 
  just no . 
  a first world problem i can fully understand . 
  i did a quick photoshoot last year for which i was paid entirely in sea-salted britanny butter . 
  best job ever !, 
  i 'm with you on the swedish butter . 
  50 euros is a bit steep though . 
  mind you it 's difficult to get half decent salted butter here ( sardinia ) for under $ 5 . 
  irish salted butter !, 
  just that . 
  i think he means that he wants to be pm till he is 75 . 
  sardinia speaking ( not born here but been here a while ) . 
  the mcdonalds in olbia is filled with locals and i 'm happy to see everybody in a traditional scottish restaurant . 
  i hope that humble scotland is given permission to ask the people of scotland what they think in a referendum . 
  i know that the elected government in scotland promised it before being elected and stated when and how it would happen . 
  and it seems that nice mr cameron might allow a referendum to go ahead on his pitch , using his ball and he gets to set the width of the goals . 
  this proposed referendum is not cutting scotland loose from the uk , it 's just asking if the scottish people actually want to be out of a united kingdom . 
  if the tory version of the referendum goes ahead then we will find out that no , scotland does not want to leave the uk ( it sticks in my throat to say that but i suspect it 's true ) . 
  if the referendum includes a question about further devolution , i suspect there would be a resounding aye to tax powers but still a nay to complete independence . 
  no worries , best of luck and if you pass through sardinia , give me a shout and i 'll buy you a negroni . 
  well said . 
  a train from paris to athens via venice is wonderful . 
  once in athens take a boat to paros ( other islands are available ) as soon as you can . 
  once there you will not want to leave but you can island hop ( santorini is worth sailing into ) for a bit or chill out . 
  try the ferry to antiparos and visit a little restaurant called ` la louche ' then go to the caves . 
  2 weeks is not enough . 
  and they all speak english . 
  fair enough . 
  go , do your masters and tell him yourself . 
  you 're not serious are you ? 
  and boobies . 
  unicorn . 
  `` it seems the conservaties are very much against hte eu '' . 
  indeed they do seem so . 
  but these arsehats ca n't even get a majority without the ( used to be ) pro-europe lib dems . 
  just ignore them and they 'll go away . 
  or if you can , vote against them . 
  the longer they are left in power the more stuff they 'll mess up . 
  you get a holiday for that ?
