i was always told that i was an ambassador for my school/country whilst abroad and not to bring shame upon myself , my school or my country . 
  oops . 
  have n't seen that for years , cheers for the flashback . 
  i ca n't compete in this game . 
  ibid ? 
  quite right . 
  westminster is slowly learning from past mistakes . 
  it 's clear that letting the people of india decide their own fate was a mistake , a worse mistake to let the people of america decide their own fate . 
  / sarcasm perhaps the uk would be seen as weaker if scotland declared itself independent by a vote , but the european ideal would seem much weaker if it stood against a non-violent change of governance . 
  we should probably ask the people of scotland what they want . 
  i thought the decent weather during the olympics was because g-d approved of gay marriage . 
  this g-d is one fickle bastard . 
  so the left over bits of the uk would have to do some renegotiating with the eu ? 
  an un-united kingdom ? 
  or rather a dis-united kingdom . 
  would n't england , wales and northern ireland have to re-apply too ? 
  '' ... '' does this continue ? 
  again , we 'll wait and see if the current bunch of thieves and charlatans of whatever political flavour take the cash or not ( that would be closer to a slanderous statement ) . 
  i did n't know that the current tory party slogan was that we were all in this together . 
  i hope it 's not . 
  let 's wait and see if they reluctantly take the pay rise . 
  no , i did n't get the point of your message . 
  you did n't make a point . 
  `` anti-tory circle-jerk '' ? 
  really ? 
  an eleven percent payrise for mps . 
  all 650 ( ish ) of them . 
  some of them are n't even tories . 
  a protest for fair employment rights for cleaning staff by students who pay 9000 quid a year to attend the university . 
  yeah , that should be banned . 
  the brute squad should also be on hand in case somebody complains about the quality of the education . 
  i was quoting cameron , not blaming him . 
  whilst he 's cutting ( or freezing ) public sector pay , i 'm sure mr cameron would be the first to agree that he should be exempt from a pay rise of 11 % . 
  hey , the moat is n't going to clean itself . 
  david cameron kept saying that we were `` all in this together '' . 
  perhaps we are but i do n't imagine an 11 % payrise will apply to us all . 
  yeah , they keep saying that . 
  it 's a bit odd that the `` independent body '' does n't suggest that the pay for mp 's be reduced to the level of the `` minimum wage '' . 
  or while we 're being generous , they could have the suggested `` living wage '' for london . 
  i thought he was the head mp in the current parliament . 
  ach , you can keep that information , i did n't need it anyway . 
  consider it a gift . 
  you read my thoughts ? 
  try asking your boss for an 11 % payrise . 
  one still has the privacy of ones own thoughts and memories . 
  i like the chart from edit 3 , glasgow goes from bronze to silver . 
  george steiner . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbjcqyvtzmo ode an die freude, 
  indeed . 
  this is not the time nor the place for flippant remarks . 
  russia used to be better at invasion . 
  it 's comforting to know that these morons are putting aside their racial differences in order to find some common ground on which to agree who they should hate next . 
  it 's highly unlikely that any of the jackbooted tosspots will remember to bring their brain to the meeting . 
  at least they have flags . 
  hope all is ok where you are . 
  joy . 
  we should have more of this . 
  it has already been suggested , but i 'll throw in by two bits anyway . 
  go to glasgow , scotland . 
  the university is superb and the locals are mostly harmless ( friendly ) . 
  they speak a version of english that you will soon get used to . 
  from glasgow you are a couple of hours drive away from snow in the winter and never far from rain all year round . 
  the west coast of scotland is one of the most spectacular places on earth ( well i think so anyway ) . 
  unless you are a complete twat you 'll be welcomed and treated very well ( try not to be a complete twat . 
  this advice works well in most of europe ) . 
  from glasgow you 'll be able to travel anywhere in europe ( everywhere is quite close in europe ) . 
  best of luck , wherever you end up . 
  there is nothing like travelling when you are at the age you are . 
  it will change your outlook on life , even if you have a fucking awful time , it 'll be your own awful time . 
  were they actually there ? 
  did n't seem like it . 
  dude . 
  relax . 
  it was a great idea and a precursor to television surfing of a database . 
  well done . 
  pat yourself on the back . 
  in no way/shape/form was it a world wide web wannabe . 
  it was a national based and broadcast information system . 
  edit : for television , read screen-based . 
  so open . 
  mintel was great . 
  same goes for teletext and hobs in the uk . 
  in those days , the idea of security did n't exist so you could dial-in and muck around with stuff . 
  you 'll be fine with those two languages . 
  i would strongly advise you not to risk taking drugs across borders . 
  i 'm scottish irish and i approve of this thread . 
  not penguins ? 
  i hope they 'll hold the referendum in spanish , the natural language of the first invaders ( or penguin , if you 're going to be that pedantic ) . 
  or perhaps not . 
  why does argentina need the falkland islands ? 
  the english have already built the phone boxes , post-offices , and flagpoles . 
  none of which work in the uk . 
  what the fuck is going on in buenos aires that makes a few tiny islands this important ? 
  good point , well made . 
  i guess that , `` mr.butthurt '' is a direct translation from your , wonderfully insular , ' i live on my land ' language . 
  why you should choose english as the language to shout at random people about cultural purity on the internet confuses me . 
  i 'm not a smart man . 
  i agree with you . 
  you should stay in your village , with your culture , keep all the immigrants out , cut the phone-lines , take down the satellite dishes , build walls around the village , wear only traditional clothes . 
  keep the purity of your stupidity , strong and vocal as it seems to be , in your own wee fifedom .
