too . 
  busy . 
  celebrating . 
  too busy celebrating . 
  which state should israel recognize ? 
  then one that advocates genocide , or the kinder version of genocide supporting knives instead of bombs ? 
  and they controled the `` state '' of palestine a good 9 years ago . 
  agreed ? 
  and plo controls what , half of the population and is propped up by foreign aid money ? 
  they ca n't argue to be a legitimate government if they ca n't control half their country . 
  in wars they start . 
  winning a war should be a cause for celebration , starting one should be a cause for shame . 
  if palestinians put down their weapons there would be peace . 
  if israel laid down their weapons , there would be no israel . 
  the one time israel unilaterally withdrew , the favor was returned ten fold in terms of attacks . 
  its not just israel that embargoes palestine , do you forget that the palestinians tried to overthrow the jordanian government , and were so close that reagan had a marine division ready to board helicopters off the coast to join the jordanian fight . 
  or that egypt closes the border to gaza as well , because everything they import goes to building bunkers and weapons . 
   why are we not taking that experience into other areas ? 
  because all parties in the troubles eventually came to the table recognizing certain core elements . 
  that the northern irish wished to remain a part of gb and that the irish wished for a united ireland . 
  the irish and british governments both recognized that the issue should be left to the northern irish to express during elections . 
  the palestinians do not even accept the existence of israel ... 
  there 's some evidence that 's the case : http://www.judicialwatch.org/blog/2016/04/cartels-help-terrorists-in-mexico-get-to-u-s-to-explore-targets-isis-militant-shaykh-mahmood-omar-khabir-among-them/ and yes , actually west bumblefuck texas is the reported corridor . 
  lol , nigeria is like best buds with the us . 
  if gb is the special relationship in europe , nigeria is the special relationship in africa . 
  us constitution : 17 pages long , with tons of fonts and design elements . 
  4,500 words , making it both the shortest , and longest lived , constitution of any government in the world . 
  eu constitution : 482 pages long . 
  66,647 words . 
  the real legal point is n't indivisible , its `` perpetual and ever more perfect union '', 
  because the us gives you no choice but to work if you want to live as an immigrant . 
  come as a refugee ? 
  here 's 3 months living expenses provided by a private group , oh and welcome to the melting pot , you 're not allowed to move to an area with a high proportion of your nationality . 
  come as an immigrant ? 
  better win the lottery , also if we have too many of your country already , do n't bother applying you ca n't win . 
  come for a job ? 
  watch out , you lose your job , you have to get out . 
  want to start a business ? 
  we hand out loans for that shit like candy . 
  want welfare ? 
  have kids , they can get it , you ca n't . 
  it 's nearly a complete reversal from the european situation . 
  the highest levels of workforce participation are found among immigrants and refugees , and the lowest among the native born population . 
  there was a significant period of near hostility in the mid 19th century between the us and britain as we had broken diplomatic ties . 
  it 's not an authorized award for him to wear on his uniform . 
  chigaco is not a style of pizza , it 's a glorified casserole . 
  but if you compared american pizza to italian it 's vastly different unless they 're copying an american style of pizza, 
  [ a year has 12 months , thats why 20-4 ca n't exist . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfvdvxgit34 ), 
  4/20 was yesterday . 
  are we really asking lithuania where they got invaded by russians ? 
  because then they 'd just point to the whole map ? 
  china and russia were allies for like 10 years at most . 
  they fought proxy wars with china just like they did with the us . 
  we do n't . 
  * grumble grumble war or northern aggression *, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vin_francii did they ever expect them to come ? 
  there was an attack . 
  there were troop movements . 
  just because the us did n't get invaded does n't mean it was an attack . 
  let me mention france then . 
  `` france was negative by 6 points with all respondents expressing an opinion about engaging with military forces russian troops who had invaded a fellow nato member . '', 
  you mean the guy who got kicked out of every other country ? 
  the us was attacked by a group supported by a sovereign state who refused to hand over that group 's leadership . 
  yes , 4 big members and france . 
  no one else made a sizable contribution . 
  no one else sent anything approaching a regiment sized strength . 
  most did n't make a serious contribution when the us invoked it . 
  no its not . 
  only three countries sent troops to help in the initial invasion . 
  the us , uk , and australia . 
  only four countries provided troops greater than a regimental strength ( those first 3 + canada ) . 
  most countries provided `` logistical support . '', 
  only 12 ( including thsoe 4 ) committed combat troops . 
  here 's a good rule on whether or not they made serious commitments . 
  if they made committed less than georgia at 275 in the beginning , and 1900 in 2010 , they did not make a serious contribution . 
  we can also use the russia test for contribution , if they did not commit units to engage in a role that would see combat as an auxillary force to us forces , they did not make a serious contribution . 
  we can use the egypt test for contribution too , did they commit a sizable medical personal presence to treat thousands a month ? 
  if not they did not make a serous contribution . 
  yes , i intentionally chose non-nato countries . 
  you could make the argument they are not attacked because of the us 's ability to act as a deterrent to any aggression . 
   he seems to want to go back to america 's pre-ww2 isolationist policies we were n't really isolationist , we just demanded complete control of our half of the world and watched everyone fight over the other half . 
  how many nato members would go to war in the first place ? 
  very few continental european countries have support for defending a fellow nato member from russia . 
  most european countries are unwilling to go to war to defend an attacked nato ally . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-27/ you can only really count on us , canada , the uk , and poland . 
  because france , germany , and italy are nato countries are not willing to go to war to defend their nato allies http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-27/, 
  i like to think they try during south by , but they just give up when they ca n't get closer than mclennan, 
  i guess what they should say is : god bless america , and nowhere else !, 
  haha , do you not know americans ? 
  if we were where germany is the roads would be clogged the other way with good ol boys in their pickups with their arsenal going to take the fight to them, 
  no ... europe you ca n't have universal jurisdiction . 
  but uh , if any money is a dollar , it 's our jurisdiction !, 
  and fifa, 
  probably . 
  how many times do you have to listen to them `` we are waging war on the infidels like our holy book commands ! '', 
  before you start saying `` hmmm , maybe i should n't put socio-economic and supranational causes and motivations into their mouth , ant acutally listen to them ? '', 
  so the us should n't have gone to afghanistan ? 
  so what if they start taking russian minorities form estonia , latvia , and lithuania ? 
  at what point do borders stop mattering ?
