  other states will use `` state name v '' or `` commonwealth v '' and its used primarily in criminal litigation . 
  the south , midwest , and rockies tend to use `` state v '' and the north east and left coast use `` people v '', 
  not really . 
  they fought a war for the union to be a temporary thing , to quit when social and economic paradigms no longer favored them . 
  you ca n't just up and quit it , you can vote to join , but you ca n't leave because you feel like it . 
  it 's not a temporary construct , the us was written to be an eternal and perpetual union . 
  come to the south if a hurricane is coming . 
  a hurricane is n't a cause for worry , it 's a cause for a party . 
   surely a reinforced brick house would fare a bit better ( so not the brick facade you see with a lot of newer houses ) ? 
  simply no . 
  tornadoes are n't wide storms with lots of power , they 're a very well defined type of weather storm which will hit where ever its going to with tons of power . 
  here 's a good picture of what one looks like . 
  http://msnbcmedia.msn.com/j/msnbc/components/photo/_new/pb-130521-tornado-aerials-ps3.photoblog900.jpg one street is completely destroyed , gone , dead . 
  1-2 streets away probably has some major structural damage and will have to be rebuilt , but the windows likely got blown out so hopefully you were in an interior room . 
  3-4 streets away , maybe some structural damage , maybe a few thousand $ in repairs . 
  a new roof if you 're out of luck . 
  5-6 streets away , go clean the debris out of your yard . 
  the sheer costs of building something to survive that is equivalent of a bunker . 
  when i lived in tornado alley we had a 10 ` x10 ' bunker attached to the basement with reinforced , very thick , concrete walls , and two reinforced hatches . 
  if a tornado hits you , you just say fuck the house and worry about yourself . 
  a tornado is a weather bomb , you 're not getting some wide path of a hurricane which will wreck a few states , its god saying `` fuck this mile long strip about 100-200 ft wide , and fuck them good '', 
  even in the us its completely distinct . 
  the government never is sovereign ( in a completely legalese and philosophical sense ) but the governments are organized to effect and protect the sovereignty of the people . 
  it 's in the way the laws are written , every other country has something that says `` the people can do this '' the says `` the government can do this . '', 
  so its a distinct starting point . 
   but is n't that a bit anti-democratic ? 
  as someone from deep in the south , i can say that question was settled 150 years ago . 
  once you 're in you 're in . 
  you do n't get in when its good and get out when its bad . 
  it 's one nation comprised of 50 sovereign states who sacrifice sovereignty to be in an eternal union . 
  no take-backsies . 
  ( there 's also a few court rulings about it ), 
  the panhandle -  austin . 
  i like those lines . 
  you wan na say that to my face ? 
  can ya with that sticky sauce ruining the flavor of the the poor cut of pork you call barbecue ?!? 
  let me tell you what , we can hate each other every day but that 's hate that 's better put towards hating north carolina barbecue . 
  so the thing is that it does n't matter dead or not , what matters is that one person is no longer at the front . 
  if we take the customary figures of german dead to be around 3 - 6 million with the majority being on the eastern front , accepted to be between 2.5 and 4 million , that surely makes it look like the soviets were a meatgrinder where they germans lost a lot . 
  now before anyone comes up here as an apologist , yes , the soviets were really really really good at killing germans in raw numbers compared to the other allies . 
  the best study i can find is overmans , and i 'll rely on him + pow reports from western allies ( soviets were really good at killing prisoners , and not recording them ) . 
  so lets first build up the soviet total casualties inflicted ( i 'm using overman ) which is 4 million dead , and 2.3 million surviving pow . 
  so soviets have 6.3 million people removed from the german forces . 
  without taking into account a single battlefield death , the us and uk took an approximate 6.3 million pow . 
  add in france 's pow records and that adds another 1 million to 7.3 million pow . 
  ( sorry canada , y' all were split between us and uk numbers because that 's who handled/hosted them for the majority ) . 
  so without a single death on the battlefield counted , the western allies have already passed how many the soviets removed from the battlefield . 
  add in the estimated casualties inflicted of around 700k deaths on the western front , and you have 8million for the western allies and 6.3 million for the russians . 
  so yes , the russians were much better and killing ( though not ratio wise ) germans and dying to germans than the us/uk/can / france were , and not to take anything away from the vast loss of life suffered by populations who started under soviet control ... 
  but simply put , the western allies removed more german forces from the battlefield than the soviets did . 
  i think thats more important than deaths because war should be seen as game of go not chess , in that its better to control more areas with fewer pieces than a game of attrition . 
  yeah , and they get to pick the borders . 
  screw you people 's republic of austin . 
  the us is a perpetual and eternal union though . 
  you do n't just get to leave because you do n't like it , we 're one nation and one people all in it together . 
  they definitely do not . 
   even if the nations of our country are given more powers than us states the fact is that they 're given . 
  that 's an important creating . 
  the us federal government is a creation of the states , not the other way around . 
  the states then maintain sovereign rights which the federal government may not infringe upon . 
  its more for canadian oil than mexican . 
  if you say barbecue is grilling meat to a barbecue loving group , 25 % of the people will ignore you , 25 % will correct you , 25 % will tell you why their style is better , and the other 25 % are missing cause they 're going to get their guns and shoot you . 
  the last two groups are right . 
  south carolina barbecue is for heathens , texas only . 
  uh , if you count total men lost , not just kills , its about equal between the north africa , italy , and western fronts ( the us , british , and canadian fronts ) and the eastern front . 
  they were nearly equal in total casualties inflicted upon germany and their allies . 
  if there 's no flag burning , did they really mean it ? 
  you ca n't join a mutual defense pact for your defense and not others . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  france wanted to get involved in libya . 
  it ran out of bombs . 
  you ca n't defend yourself if you ca n't supply yourself . 
   i 'm not sure we should really look down on countries because they do n't want to get involved in conflicts abroad , as i said that 's pretty normal . 
  most european countries do n't even want to defend their neighbors . 
   http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33072093 the us and canada are the only two nations polled that a majority are willing to defend a european nato member against russian aggression . 
  in germany , italy , and france a majority are opposed to defending a european nato member against a russian attack . 
  so we can sit all high and mighty about `` not wanting to act like the world police '' but they are n't even willing to defend their neighbors . 
  they are nothing but dead weight . 
  okay , if you see my other comments i said britain is the only one that pulls its weight . 
  if we go by per capita , georgia had more troops in afghanistan . 
  but just because you have 1,000 soldiers in a place and you have 100,000 people does not mean you have made more of a commitment than someone who sends 10,000 soldiers and has 100,000,000 people . 
  iraq was not nato . 
  afghanistan was laughably nato . 
  oh sure , you 've been attacked , we 'll send good will and a squad of soliders . 
  if someone invoked article 5 the us would probably begin bombing immediately and landing divisions . 
  we got it all out in the election season ? 
  europe literally ran out of bombs after a few weeks . 
  how well would they survive even a land war ? 
   and yet , the british and french still did n't even have the logistical competence to deal with libyan forces on their own the british did to some degree . 
  the french were woefully inadequate . 
   most european militaries like the german one are only there for self-defense most european military forces are incapable of a conventional war past a few weeks . 
  only britain is the exception . 
  they also ran out of bombs after a few weeks . 
   hell , even if every other country decided to invade the us tomorrow , i 'd hope we would n't start tossing nukes around . 
  attacks by conventional forces of a nuclear armed state are one of guiding principles for use of us nuclear weapons . 
  the us , even under obama , has rejected the `` no first use doctrine '' that every declared nuclear state except russia has selected . 
  the us paints a very clear line in the sand and that is one of them . 
  it 's also a major reason why when the us and russia conduct military operations against each other ( mainly spy flight and conventional air to air operations ) their fighters are either in the employ of the local forces or `` suffered an accident '' and were not shot down . 
   eu countries have perfectly capable conventional forces . 
  of course nothing on the scale of the us but compared to other countries , perfectly adequate .
