  please name one time after the french in vietnam where european states have been able to conduct conventional operations without us support . 
  australia does plug in a bit . 
  and there are a handful of small countries that pull their weight ( though its not much ) to be best friends with the us . 
  but comparatively , using australia for an example , it 's army is about the size of texas 's . 
  $ 1.43 a gallon here . 
  probably gon na drop a bit more too . 
  why go small if its so cheap ? 
  as the old cop saying goes 9 your fine , 10 your mine . 
  it 's like a hate only russia , maybe soon china , can deserve . 
  can we hate australia if they suddenly became russia ? 
  no , not really , there 's states with larger armed forces and economies than them . 
  can we care if serbia gets mad at us ? 
  not really . 
  does north korea have any long term concern for us , maybe , but not really , their country can be turned into a parking lot for a walmart if we wanted . 
  can we do the same to russia ? 
  nope . 
  do we have some begrudging respect because they have n't given up the ghost ? 
  yeah . 
  yes , there 's countries we feel some positive affinity for , some sense of shared bond like gb and canada . 
  come on , if someone landed troops in canada the us would n't be able to move troops by land because too many civilians would be clogging the road with their f150s with their friends and guns in the bed of the truck to go help . 
  you ca n't really hate what you do n't care about , or what ca n't hurt you . 
  do you flick the bug off you , do you get annoyed when the 100lbs soaking wet skinny short dude runs up and kicks you in the balls ? 
  yeah , but its not out of a hateful malice . 
  you might beat the shit out of the kid , because no one kicks you in the balls . 
  but you ca n't hate what you do n't care about , and americans by and large do n't care about most countries . 
  it 's not really that we hate russia , its that we see it as an `` anti-america . '', 
  where europe is kinda like america but socialists or hippies or soft or not bold , or england is america but staid and old , or canada is america but cold . 
  russia is seen as the anti-america because they 're strong , had a similar history of expansion , seem to be on the outside of/different from the western order ( like america was pre-ww2 ) but opposed to america . 
  russia is the anti-america like the hero to the villain . 
  batman 's villains are n't the low level thugs , its the joker , the penguin , someone who can actually match him ( and eventually lose , usa usa usa / s ) . 
  but it comes with a begrudged respect , the same respect that venezuela , or cuba , or any other anti-american country does n't get . 
  russia gets attention because it can be worthy of fearing , venezuela or cuba does n't . 
  kinda of a huge edit , but i found the quote from de tocqueville i wanted to use :  there are now two great nations in the world which , starting from different points , seem to be advancing toward the same goal : the russians and the anglo-americans . 
  both have grown in obscurity , and while the world 's attention was occupied elsewhere , they have suddenly taken their place among the leading nations , making the world take note of their birth and of their greatness almost at the same instant . 
  all other peoples seem to have nearly reached their natural limits and to need nothing but to preserve them ; but these two are growing ... . 
  the american fights against natural obstacles ; the russian is at grips with men . 
  the former combats the wilderness and barbarism ; the latter , civilization with all its arms . 
  america 's conquests are made with the plowshare , russia 's with the sword . 
  to attain their aims , the former relies on personal interest and gives free scope to the unguided strength and common sense of individuals . 
  the latter in a sense concentrates the whole power of society in one man . 
  one has freedom as the principal means of action ; the other has servitude . 
  their point of departure is different and their paths diverse ; nevertheless , each seems called by some secret desire of providence one day to hold in its hands the destinies of half the world . 
  you joke , but that first part was literally the argument they used ... 
  not really we only import about 27pct of our oil . 
  if you take out canada that number drops even further to comfortably under 20pct . 
  yeah . 
  they 're pretty left wing . 
  they call people who oppose sanctuary cities racist and they attacked a county board who demanded immigration officials appear before them when a guy with two deportation orders killed a van load of nuns while driving drunk . 
  i wait for the strongly worded letters and broomstick wielding troops . 
  i already spent enough time pretending to learn spanish , you ca n't do this to me . 
   couldnt participate in something similar to what americans know as the republican or democratic students ' unions at colleges no one participates in those in a meaningful way . 
  almost every college republican group is just a drinking club, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyrbstbhcs4 its cool comparing the different ads as they try to reach someone different . 
  not really . 
  would france allow literal , not neo , nazi 's to march through a neighborhood of holocaust survivors to celebrate the holocaust . 
  europe takes a more `` interest balancing '' approach to rights and has positivism in their rights . 
  european countries are guided to be just , fair , and equitable , while america has the directive to be a ` free country ' before being just , fair , or equitable . 
  some areas have cops who 's job it is to pick up kids that are skipping school and take them too school . 
  if your kid keeps going not going the school the parents themselves can be arrested . 
  american `` nationalism '' is n't really nationalism in the european sense . 
  in the questions of who , what , when , where , and why ... europe is more who and where , and america is more what and why we are . 
  well ours was intended to be perpetual by many , i do n't think the eu was joined in by nations with the expectation that they 'd eventually become states within a larger nation . 
  the constitution clearly shows states creating a federal system of national government , not just a trade , currency , and travel area . 
  the eu is n't held as an eternal bond , once joined , never broken as the us is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/texas_v._white the us is a perpetual union ( as in the states existence ) made more perfect ( through the constitution ) . 
  the last paragraph ? 
  try gun shows , i got 5k rounds of 223 for like 500 bucks and 2k of 357 for like 500/600 a few weekends ago . 
  the cost of all 13 is probably 5k-7k . 
  i could probably sell some and realize a profit . 
  but i go through about a few thousands worth of ammunition a year . 
  edit : most expensive is a 1.5 k shotgun and my 700 dollar ar and 800 dollar handgun . 
  so probably closer to 7k-8k . 
  the rest are no more than 500 dollars . 
  the cheapest was 200 . 
  well a bunch of tin cans are targets . 
  so are old posters , so are your redneck friend supplied targets when got his hands on some tannerite and stuffed it in old beanie babies he found , so is that old hat everyone hates and snuck away from said redneck friend . 
  what fun is it shooting at paper ? 
  hell `` once you go beanie babies stuffed with tannerite you never go back '' as the saying goes ... 
  or you just get them because they 're fun . 
  screw training . 
  lets put holes in things !, 
  i think its that , and if you 're comfortable enough to own a gun , you probably own 2 to 3 easily . 
  like shotgun , carry handgun , home handgun for personal protection were my first 3 . 
  then i have a hunting handgun , shotgun , 2 rifles , a .22 both handgun and rifle for plinking . 
  an ar because , why not , they had dropped to 700 . 
  then a revolver and pocket revolver because my carry handgun was having serious trouble for a few years before i got a good gun smith . 
  boom , 11 . 
  then a pink rifle cause i had a shitty gf for a while , and a single shot pistol i found at a gun show that was cheap so i wanted the novelty . 
  boom 13 , did n't even have to try . 
  i own 13 , really easy once you start to not stop getting a new one . 
  they say that the 100 years war started with two kingdoms fighting and ended with two nations fighting . 
  no , on st. patrick 's day we 're only a fifth or two fifths irish . 
  the two chief architects of obama 's campaigns actually worked against each other with one consulting for labour and the other for tories . 
  that 50k says you do n't have to file a return of you have less than 50k in assets . 
  not less that 50k in income . 
  the point is 100,800 usd in income at which point you pay taxes . 
  you have to file a return no matter what unless you make less than like 10,800 a year . 
  but not what the except said : on all income earned over seas , and if you want the benefits of being an american citizen , i do n'ts see why you should n't pay ( at such a high bar ) taxes . 
   america is the only large economy to tax its citizens on everything they earn anywhere in the world . 
  that 's blatantly not true .
