  and [ you 'd be surprised ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2015/06/10/nato-publics-blame-russia-for-ukrainian-crisis-but-reluctant-to-provide-military-aid/russia-ukraine-report-46/ ) ... 
  so much of western europe does not want to fulfill its defense obligations . 
   poland and it 's neighbours , all far richer than russia , would gear their industrial production towards war but would those countries go to war for poland ? 
  nato only covers attacks in north america and europe . 
  it does not include anywhere else . 
  please , i cited directly from the nato charter . 
  it specifically limits itself to europe and north america . 
   if russia tried to invade poland by who ? 
  the german broomstick brigade ? 
  what country or countries can stand up to russia in that area ? 
  which country is stopping the baltics from being `` reacquired to protect an oppressed russian minority '' ? 
  the european defense agency has an annual operating budget of $ 30 million . 
  the us spends 1.2 billion on joint programs with the mexican military , and 6 billion on joint programs with the canadian military . 
  pretty much , even based on military integration and mutual support the us and canada spend more on joint military defense programs by a large margin . 
  then tell western europe to stop staring across the polish plain and saying `` welp , not my problem . '', 
  for example , the us spends 20 % of the netherlands total defense budget just on presidential protection . 
  it spends more on presidential protection than lithuania does on its entire armed forces . 
  the state of texas has larger armed forces than many european countries . 
  european countries need to stop being treated like equal partners if they 're not going to pay like equal partners . 
   the eu actually has the 2nd largest army in the world only if you add everyone together ... just for scale , the us spends 20 % of the netherlands total defense budget just on presidential protection . 
   the eu has no need for us protection . 
  tell that to eastern members . 
  they also just missed two visiting us senators . 
  one of which chairs trump 's foreign policy advisory committee . 
  http://blog.collinsflags.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/navy-jack-flag.jpg well we brought that one back for all navy ships after september 11 , though it is traditionally reserved as the jack of the oldest commissioned ship in the fleet . 
  do n't worry , we have this flag http://www.annin.com/images/flagus_virginia.gif say hi to your king , i wonder if he 's just taking a nap ? 
  i mean , give us enough time , i sure it can happen . 
   does this mean these territories are not covered under the treaty . 
  yes  can russia invade the aleutian islands no  china invade hawaii yes nato article 5 :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all not the pacific . 
  not south america . 
  that 's why nato was n't invoked in the falklands war . 
  do n't forget those bullshit `` food tastes better '' threads . 
  european agricultural policy is designed around supporting relatively inefficient farmers or unique national products . 
  the us agricultural policy is designed to feed half the world in event of a war . 
  if you get to count a collection of countries in a free trade area , we get to count mexico , canada , and almost every caribbean nation . 
  it has nothing to do with that either . 
  america 's farm and agricultural program is wholly striving for never having to worry about a famine , and in the event of war being able to feed half the world . 
  we go for the quantity approach in food production . 
  well , on the bright side in the us the police are n't prevented from carrying out their duties ... 
  i 'm saying if you 're reading this and something like estonian or slovenian ... the number of people who believed in obama enough to donate , is more than the population of your country . 
  i was picking them to emphasize a point , and that point is scale . 
  [ lmao rofl ] ( https://en.wikisource.org/wiki/declaration_no._142-n_of_the_soviet_of_the_republics_of_the_supreme_soviet_of_the_ussr ), 
  when does america do shit halfway ? 
  why , because people get a say and care about their issues ? 
   sanders was the only viable anti-tpp/ttip candidate haha ooo boy . 
  viable ?!, 
  if you 're not american , how many times do you vote every say 5 years ? 
  how many times do you meet a candidate for office every 5 years ? 
  how many people in your country care about politics enough to donate money ? 
  in the last 5 years i 've voted for over 60 different offices and met probably 90 candidates personally . 
  obama in '08 had 3.1 million individual donors , that 's larger than 7 eu countries . 
  we really care about politics , and we really like spending about it . 
   constitutional rights are expanded to include spending vast sums of money on political ads . 
  please tell me at what time can these boogeyman corporations donate to candidates , and why corporations should be different than unions as they are both associations of individuals ? 
  there are many countries using us minted dollars as their currency . 
  they 're mainly super tiny , but there 's some outliers in size like zimbabwe and panama . 
   farage tell me one example of free trade deal in the world with no free movement and the same collaboration as eea nafta, 
  it does n't allow not paying welfare ? 
  simple , do n't give refugees benefits ? 
  the us takes you in , says `` here 's a private group that will provide you housing , food , and a tiny allowance for 3 months , go find a job . '', 
  oh yeah , the us pays 2,200 max per refugee but only matching paying 2 dollars for every dollar the private group raised . 
  my taxes on electricity are $ .001 only if i use above 2500kwh a month . 
  as in the united states , dependent on the state . 
  at what point do they not deserve to hold complete responsibility for their actions ? 
  they do n't need rehabilitation , they need punishment . 
  society does n't need a functioning member , it needs punishment for the crime . 
  and murdering 77 people should mean you fry . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/briley_brothers i remember growing up when that was in the news . 
  on the nights they died lots of places turned off their lights . 
  not out of mourning or solidarity with them for the death penalty , but making sure the had enough electricity to fry them . 
  well then again , like in the beltway sniper case , all the other states were like `` virginia , you have first dibs '' because virginia had the death penalty . 
  texas v. white  by [ the articles of confederation ] , the union was solemnly declared to `` be perpetual . '', 
  and when these articles were found to be inadequate to the exigencies of the country , the constitution was ordained `` to form a more perfect union . '', 
  it is difficult to convey the idea of indissoluble unity more clearly than by these words . 
  what can be indissoluble if a perpetual union , made more perfect , is not ? 
  and when the right of a state to leave the union was debated and rejected during ratification . 
  acceding to the constitution is one done in totality . 
   my opinion is that a reservation of a right to withdraw ... is a conditional ratification ... compacts must be reciprocal ... 
  the constitution requires an adoption in toto , and for ever . 
  - james madison whether or not its undemocratic is not the point . 
  it 's simply not allowed as by joining you are voting to be eternally bound to a union made more perfect . 
  i 'm not saying the us did , i 'm saying the western allies did two . 
   703 million of those only ~ 30 % surrendered at the war 's conclusion . 
  the us and uk and canada were much better at convincing germans not to fight to the death . 
  the us and england was also fighting a two front war where they were responsible for about 1.5 million japanese deaths in military combat . 
  so only border states can ? 
  that 's anti democratic . 
  the us does n't have the concept of voting to leave . 
  it 's simply not allowed . 
   do n't want to go to playdate with you that 's 100 % fine . 
  if we wanted to hang out with them they 'd be texan already . 
  but that 's part of what they surrendered when they joined . 
  its part of joining . 
  you do n't think the city of london can vote to leave the uk can it ? 
  what you guys consider strong storms would not register as hurricanes in the us , usually tropical depression or tropical storm . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/feb/12/105mph-wind-gales-batter-britain-thames that 's a top wind speed of 105 . 
  which would just be a category 2 hurricane if it was both sustained and over a wide area . 
  top winds are usually 30 % higher than sustained , so that would be a tropical storm . 
  for example , hurricane katrina was a category v then made landfall at a category 3-4 . 
  that 's only some states .
