i really wan na visit olso one day ... 
  ok , it seems like you 're not interested in discussion . 
  have fun pushing your agenda !, 
  for everyone , including you . 
   cost americans 700,000 manufacturing jobs so what ? 
  it sucks for the individual workers . 
  but when someone else can do your job for half the price at the same and/or better quality you 're going to lose your job sooner or later anyway . 
  keeping those jobs alive through protectionist measures just means that inevitable will happen a little bit later and hit everyone harder . 
  on the other hand every good you buy as a consumer is cheaper , which means you get more stuff for your money . 
  the whole economy ( or world ) is getting wealthier and everyone benefits from that . 
  capitalism and free trade enable the most efficient allocation of resources and if you do n't believe that , you have a seriously skewed view of reality . 
  sucks to be the typewriter repair man of today , but that 's what social safety nets are for . 
  if you seriously want to learn something read some economics 101 ( khanacademy has some great videos on the topic ) . 
   eyes on trade has examined us trade with non-fta nations compared to fta nations and non-fta trade appears to be doing better than trade with fta nations !, 
  because non-fta countries are much more ( including the eu and china ) sources : any serious economist and 1 second of google : http://www.nber.org/papers/w8293 http://scholar.google.at/scholar?q=benefit+of+free+trade+agreement&amp;hl=de&amp;as_sdt=0&amp;as_vis=1&amp;oi=scholart&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=kyiovjgzk8aaygppoyfw&amp;ved=0cbwqgqmwaa, 
  ewr has n't benefited anyone ? 
  nafta has n't benefited anyone ? 
  asean has n't benefited anyone ? 
  i 'm getting really tired of this anti free trade fearmongering in / r/europe free trade agreements have created more wealth than any protectionist measure ever could . 
  that 's how you thank us for giving you the sound of music ? 
  shut up man or the rest of austria will find out what we are up to before we are ready ... 
  there are no separatists in tyrol !, 
  ( we promise , really nothing to see here ), 
  i have never heard of any separatist movement in carinthia or tyrol in austria , ( south tyrol is another story ) so i call bullshit on this map ... 
  i 'm the first one to admit that the condition of the austrian army is pretty bad , but saying it has no military is stretching it a bit far . 
  percentage wise ( of gdp ) austrian defense spending is similar to hungary or spain , and a lot more than ireland . 
  you might learn something by doing so ... , 
  switzerland having no military ? 
  try invading it sometime ... 
  i really like the idea and i think it will eventually happen . 
  if europe wants to stay one of the leading powers in the world the eu needs to speak with one voice in foreign relations . 
  we have all seen how much weaseling and tiptoeing around the eu has done in the current ukrainian crisis . 
  at least in austria unions have played a big part in stopping any meaningful change from happening . 
  unions are special interest groups and will do anything to keep the privileges for their members no matter the cost to society as a whole ... 
  i know r/europe does n't like the idea but they are extremely similar to the much hated lobbyists . 
  i can live with that , 
  i can live with that ... 
  maybe you should read up on their positions before posting : http://europa.neos.eu/file/sites/3/2014/02/pl%c3%a4ne-f%c3%bcr-ein-neues-europa2.pdf, 
  not really . 
  maybe you mixed them up with the bz\u00d6 which are on paper quite liberal . 
  i do agree with your point on the importance of getting people more interested in eu elections and eu politics in general . 
  however i think that the message of the video , quite obviously is to get everyone to vote , which is a very bad idea imo . 
  it 's the same problem with compulsory voting . 
  if someone is not interested , do n't force them , they are most likely not gon na make an informed decision . 
  while i think the spot is quite good , i do n't think you should force people who are not interested in politics to vote . 
  you do n't seem to know much about austria , every reason is a reason for raising taxes in our beautiful country , 
  interesting thing is , that [ this guy ] ( http://www.delfi.ee/news/paevauudised/eesti/delfi-fotod-ja-video-noored-harjutasid-pronkssoduri-juures-marsisammu.d?id=68634983#dgsee-131461:35uiac1bqhcaoz8um-ril7 ) seems to be wearing an austrian army jacket . 
  that 's one of the reasons why i started this thread , i hope it would attract the more moderate part of / r/europe, 
  thank you , that was a very interesting read . 
  the thing is , i 'm quite certain that a majority of europeans agree with the stance the ecb/eu/troika has taken recently . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you of anything , that is just what it ** feels ** like to me and i wanted to provide some perspective . 
  i 'm interested in your perspective , does it feel like the eu is not trying to help to you , like they are asking for too much ? 
  i agree with you and i think a lot of people would see greece voting no in the referendum , as greece saying no to europe . 
  honestly curious , do you feel like the eu ( or the troika ) has helped you at all in the last few years ? 
  thanks for the interesting reply . 
  is the general opinion that eu politicians tell more bullshit than e.g. 
  or is it a general hate for all politicians ? 
  but do you think they actually actively want to harm you ? 
  being indifferent about someone does n't really make you their enemy . 
  which elites ? 
  ( i 'm really interested , not trying to be sarcastic ), 
  i think it is really interesting to see the different views on this topic . 
  from my perspective , voting syriza into power was more like , the cousin having a new girlfriend who is really into `` the secret '' and tells him he can just overcome all his problems by the power of positive thought . 
  the girl is totally nuts , but your cousin is in love and wo n't listen to you . 
  which bankers ? 
  the ecb in a way represents the whole eurozone . 
  i partially agree with you . 
  but i think those are also the people who are the loudest and in a referendum a clear majority of austrians would vote for staying in the eu . 
  i know it is and that 's why i was quite surprised by the generally negative comments about the eu in the other threads . 
  we certainly have people ( and newspapers ) in austria who basically think that greeks are just lazy , do n't pay any taxes ever and deserve what they are now getting . 
  but i think the general notion is still positive towards greece and greeks . 
  so i 'm interested what the general opinion in greece is like . 
  the thing is a lot of europeans identify with the eu and the eurozone . 
  also a lot of countries think the euro has greatly benefited them . 
  additionally , i 'd guess that a majority of europeans agree with the stance the troika has taken , so a lot of europeans see them as `` their '' agents in this negotiation . 
  define it however you want . 
  we certainly have our fair share of our own backwards fucktards . 
  but i feel the general opinion about greece and greeks is still favorable overall . 
  and that 's why i 'm interested in their opinion . 
  just to add my view [ did n't want to put it into the op ] : from my standpoint it feels like greece is behaving like your cousin who never get 's his shit together and wo n't accept responsibility . 
  you try to help him , get him a job with a friend , but he does n't turn up on the first day . 
  when you ask him why he has a victim story why he just could n't make it . 
  and you want to believe him , because you like him and he 's a really great guy . 
  but it happens over and over again , it is never his fault . 
  you lend him money and never get it back . 
  and at some point it 's just frustrating for you and you are exhausted . 
  but you are just waiting for him to take at least some responsibility and if he came over and said , `` hey , i know i fucked up , i have problems i need to deal with , can you help me ? '', 
  you would be happy to do that . 
  [ i know this is a gross simplification and the situation is a lot more complex . 
  and also a lot of people feel differently . ], 
  totally agree , austria is fucked from a structural and political point . 
  the only thing that 's keeping us from a major crisis is that we have a strong economy and people pay their taxes . 
  we are still comfortable so there is no incentive to change anything . 
  when things will start to fall apart it will be too late to suddenly implement reforms . 
  if start to do some major reforms now we might have a chance of staying competitive but the longer we wait the bigger the chances that once we fall behind we will never catch up again . 
  a lot of eu countries have similar problems , look at france for example . 
  at this point my only hope is that the eu will completely take over , i ca n't imagine that can be worse than our own politicians . 
  the problem with this is , they have n't fixed their underlying problems . 
  so throwing money at them would be like pouring water into a bucket with holes in it . 
  once the holes are fixed we can add more water ...
