i never heard about bio-ethics committees until now and i doubt my country has one , much less one that would be full of religious leaders . 
  yes , that 's what i should 've mentioned in my previous post . 
  it 's called the church restitutions , the churches will get their property stolen by communists back and in return the government will stop supporting them from the state budget . 
  as for the churches falling apart , it 's certainly possible . 
  but most churches are well maintained despite the fact that the number of believers is decreasing every year . 
  i did n't vote for him , but i do n't care about vulgarisms , he already showed he 's an ill-mannered moron previously , e.g. 
  when he came drunk to an official ceremony and then blamed it on `` virus infection '' . 
  to be honest , i 'm surprised the media make such a fuss around it . 
  vulgarisms are n't some sort of a special taboo in public or among politicians . 
  yeah sure . 
  latvia is the poorest baltic country . 
  you do n't belong in the club . 
  stop being a piece of shit . 
  i do n't believe in god , but i think belief in god is certainly a positive quality . 
  religion does n't have a special status any more than political parties , which are also built on belief and they get money from the government . 
  moreover , the government plans to stop financially supporting churches altogether . 
  you can add [ jaroslav doubrava ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/jaroslav_doubrava_\\ ( sen % c3 % a1tor \\ ) ) to the list . 
  senator from \u00dast\u00ed nad labem , until 2010 member ks\u010cm ( communist party ) . 
  they exhibited tendencies you would describe as `` racist , '' but not me or anyone else here . 
  in what way are kazakhs or turkmens a race ? 
  arabs in north africa enslaved millions of europeans between 16th and 19th centuries . 
  the word `` slave '' comes from slavs , who were frequently used as slaves . 
  in the past , everyone enslaved everyone . 
  it makes no sense to put all blame to `` white males '' and claim they did it because they somehow felt superior . 
  your `` proto-racism '' and `` ethnocentrism '' are in reality normal traits common to all europeans since antiquity till this day . 
  i shudder at your ignorance . 
  the concept of `` white '' is an american invention that was created some 200 years ago , so there * really * were n't any white male oppressors who would oppress non-whites , homosexuals and feminists several milennia ago . 
  for thousands of years , europe was full of primitive tribes who fought each other and had no idea about your neo-marxist theory . 
  i see no problem with judging people by their background . 
  as i said , it 's what people have always done . 
  it 's an instinct that helped them survive . 
  there apparently exists a word for it - antiziganism . 
  i do n't understand why people should * not * hate groups that cause trouble and hurt their people . 
  it just makes no sense , if gypsies attack , steal and destroy , then why should anyone like them ? 
  just because they supposedly `` are n't the same '' , when 99 % of them steal ? 
  should i stop avoiding gypsies and rely on the fact that they 're the `` good 1 % '' and that they wo n't rob me ? 
  that would be foolish . 
  and the concept of race also originated in the us , we know only ethnic groups here . 
  the belief that one group is superior to other groups has always existed here - either with ethnic groups , or religious groups , nobility vs. peasants ... it just does n't make any sense to describe it as `` racism '' in that context . 
  it 's not xenophobia either , xenophobia is a general fear of foreigners . 
  gypsies are n't foreign and unfortunately everyone here is all too well acquainted with their behavior . 
  erdogan apparently wants to do away with atat\u00fcrk 's heritage , because the old palace was the home to all turkish presidents since atat\u00fcrk . 
  that 's a strawman argument . 
  history is irrelevant to the current economic situation of spain , economic policies are . 
  if spain takes the wrong steps , it will become second greece . 
  spain is doomed . 
  more socialism will not cure the economy . 
  he was n't an immigrant , there were lots of austrians and germans here when we were in the monarchy . 
  nearly every other czech has a german surname , that of course does n't mean they 're germans . 
  you sound like an alien from another planet who has never been to continental europe . 
  romania would n't be annexing transinistria , it would unite with moldova . 
  transinistria just happens to be a de iure part of moldovan territory . 
  therefore it 's an occupation of a part of its territory by a separatist group , and nato is obliged to help its members to tackle that sort of problem . 
  good luck with that , romania is in nato . 
  do you even realize transinistria is not internationally recognized ? 
  for most countries it does n't exist and its territory is a part of moldovan territory . 
  moldova has the right to re-conquer it , but it ca n't because russia has units stationed there . 
  there is a similar situation in georgia . 
  membership in nato would allow both countries to reconquer their breakaway provinces . 
  kosovo is a more complicated case , americans wanted it to be independent so much they caused a dangerous precedent which was used as a pretext for annexation of crimea by russians . 
  well , good luck with that . 
  nato would provide romania with full military support should they try to do that . 
  my great grandfather came from austria - but that does n't matter , i do n't think you understand how nationalism works . 
  there were people who were n't even ethnically czech , but considered themselves czech and became czech nationalists . 
  hmm , i do n't think the gagauz matter at all . 
  once the reunification is decided , romania can simply say `` no '' to gagauz rights and there is nothing the gagauz can do about it . 
  not aggressors at all . 
  if moldova democratically joined romania , romania would have the right to occupy transinistria and it would n't be counted as aggression . 
  romania would have full military backing of the nato . 
  romania has 20 million people , they can take 3.5 milion more . 
  with east germany it was more complicated , because it was more populous . 
  you paint nationalists as the devil , which means you 're an extremist yourself , just from the opposite end of political spectrum . 
  nationalism is an inherently positive force and our nation owes it its existence , without nationalism there would be no national awakening and without national awakening we would quite possibly have become a part of germany or austria and our culture would be erased and replaced . 
  people like you want to destroy . 
  destroy their own people , their nation , by undermining its foundations based on nationalism and then flooding it with immigrants as a part of the official policy of * multiculturalism * , making the original ethnicity a small minority . 
  you know the process is well underway in the uk , france and elsewhere in western europe including ireland . 
  whatever will be the effect of the battalion on ukraine , it will still be more positive than if they did n't decide to fight for their nation . 
  neo-nazis are a positive force in today 's ukraine , because people are n't yet sufficiently nationally aware . 
  the lack of national awareness is the cause of ukrainian division , your multiculturalism is the direct cause of the situation ukraine is in now . 
  i 'm not sure what levers russia would have if romania occupied transinistria . 
  romania would n't even have to award citizenship to the russian-speaking suckers who still live there , just like latvia and estonia did n't . 
  if he indeed planned to purge jews and russians , it would be just as i said , he would stick to his ideals , because all that mattered to him was ukraine for ukrainians . 
  he did n't have any side motives and he did n't betray anyone . 
  yes , he 's still a controversial figure in ukraine , but that 's understandable , given the post-soviet political climate in the country . 
  ukrainians are still divided about ukrainian nationalism and are very pro-russian , in contrast to places like poland and hungary . 
  that 's what i mean - the gagauz should be treated like ordinary citizens , but should get no autonomy , just like szekelys do n't have any autonomy , only specific minority rights . 
  azov batallion is one of the biggest volunteer brigades out there . 
  you 're just blinded by your hatred of nationalists , because to ukrainians it does n't matter what their ideological leanings are . 
  what matters is that they will fight bravely . 
  you dont seem to understand the reality of war in ukraine , it 's not a child 's play like some ira attacks in northern ireland . 
  i would n't call bandera `` quisling '' - if anything , he was an anti-quisling , because he stuck to his ideals and fought for ukraine , first against poles and nazis , then against soviets . 
  i 've seen a plenty of that stuff on / r/ukrainianconflict . 
  dead bodies and and gored people everywhere - that 's why it 's called a * war * . 
  i agree . 
  hungarians should be repatriated to southern urals and pannonia should be divided between the surrounding countries . 
  the gagauz would get the same rights as e.g. 
  hungarians and transinistria would be put under military occupation . 
  germany was happy to do it . 
  and it would n't be such a strain , because moldova only has some 3.5 million people . 
  and they 're happy about it , given how high the approval rate of putin is ... but what else expect from russians ?
