  i was referring to wearing a white t-shirt underneath a normal white dress shirt with a tie and the collar closed . 
  someone told me it was common in america and that 's why you see it so much in movies , but i 've never tried it . 
  you 're right though , what you 're describing is n't very flattering :d, 
  i always thought it was to keep from getting sweat stains on the dress shirt . 
  i ca n't say i have a problem with opacity with my shirts though . 
  is it also normal to have this sort of an undershirt with different colored dress shirts ? 
  ( i.e. 
  pink dress shirt and white t-shirt ), 
  my prom had an open bar . 
  go holland !, 
  we do not live in a perfect world . 
  all `` anonymous '' surveys are n't . 
  if you intend on keeping your job , you should answer 100 % positive to all questions . 
  it 's really not worth losing your job over a fucking survey . 
  here 's the problem with gps : it 's a us military technology . 
  this means that easa ( the eu equivalent of the faa ) does n't allow its use in airline navigation . 
  this does n't mean that gps is n't used at all , but it means that if there is any discrepancy between gps and any other system onboard the aircraft , then the gps readings must be discarded . 
  in the us , airports will have published gps approaches , but in europe this is not the case . 
  also , in the case you are mentioning , if the altimeter measures 6000ft msl ( for example ) and the gps measures 3000ft , then the gps measurement can not be used . 
  sure , but at night in imc , that 's easier said than done . 
  airline transport pilots are trained to believe their instruments because of the lies your body tends to tell you when it 's deprived of vision . 
  even in vmc , it can be hard to tell up from down when over the ocean . 
  a night sky covered with cloud that blocks the view of the stars and moon looks very similar to a dark ocean . 
  you 're right . 
  unfortunately , galileo wo n't be fully operational before at least 2019 . 
  glonass is working , but if they do n't trust the americans , they 're sure as hell not going to trust the russians . 
  i also believe the chinese and indians have similar systems . 
   should an aircraft deviate by a certain amount , or stop reporting its position , it gets attention . 
  except this happens almost all the time . 
  airplanes usually plan to fly standard terminal arrival routes ( stars ) , but it is incredibly inefficient for every aircraft to fly these ( sometimes very long ) routes . 
  instead , they 're most of the time vectored by air traffic control ( atc ) on to the approach course . 
  if someone were to investigate every such deviation , they would be very busy for no reason . 
  when a country has `` democratic '' , `` people 's '' , etc. 
  in their name , you just know it 's a shithole . 
  he looks very badass for a puppy, 
  i can get behind you on crimea and russia because if there are a vast majority of russians living on land that traditionally belongs to russia , then there 's no reason they should n't be russian . 
  the reason we ( the west ) are against it is that we fear russia . 
  putin is not a stupid man , and the west does n't oppose him because he is violating human rights . 
  we oppose him because giving him crimea and with that , full control over a vital base in the black sea , will make russia militarily stronger . 
  i 'm curious about your opinion about the nsa revelations though . 
  would you feel differently if the people spying on you were dangerous `` hackers '' ? 
  if yes , then keep in mind that nobody has a duty to protect you - not even the government . 
  anyone having that kind of access to your personal life is n't desirable no matter how innocent you believe you are . 
  another thing to remember is that there are 7 billion people on this planet , and a vast amount of them would like very much to be in the position that the nsa currently is . 
  the people who came out on top did n't do so because of their love for your well being . 
  as for trannies , i ca n't say because i have n't met one . 
  insider trading is a very big deal in the us . 
  my experience is from a nasdaq company and the toughness of us laws in this area is insane . 
  i may be wrong here , but it would n't surprise me that if the city already has a contract with ezpass to provide automated toll booth payments , that they also were contracted to do car counting . 
  it would then make sense if they used the same technology so as to further `` lock themselves in '' for future contracts . 
  well ... 
  it 's not . 
  he 's making fun of a chinese accent . 
  that 's not racist . 
  that 's like saying that someone is racist against caucasians for parodying a russian , french , german or british accent . 
  fuck you man . 
  i went back and watched it again looking for the cat . 
  spoiler : there 's no cat . 
  this shit happened to everyone at some point in time i think . 
  i remember i had one guy switch 500k to 5k at the last moment and i fell for it . 
  it really sucked because at that point i had mined and smelted a few thousand ( ? ), 
  steel bars ... 
  despite all that though , i do kind of miss it . 
  it 's not used as punishment in norway . 
  there 's only so much you can do to help people and norway does a shitload more than most other countries in the world . 
  with that said , most of the people in the streets in norway nowadays seem to be gypsies who are unregistered immigrants and unwilling to work and would rather steal . 
  why should we spend our hard earned money to help people who are only out to take advantage of us ? 
  actually , bring the belgians and their beer . 
  palm is an amazing beer !, 
  well , i 'm sure you can just contact your local russian minister and complain . 
  they always listen to the will of the people . 
  so then you have a phd in physics or something . 
  there are many kinds of `` doctor '' . 
  people in a family eat like that at home ? 
  i 'm not trying to tell people how to live , and i 'm aware that there are different cultures in the world , but when someone cooks dinner , it 's perfectly reasonable to expect everyone to sit down around the dining table . 
  the real trick to doing it is realizing you can still sing it . 
  let me try to convey the melody ( same as the normal `` abc '' song ) :, 
  z , y , x , w-v-and-u , t-and-s-and-r-and-q , p-o-n-m-l-k-j , i-h-g-f-e-d-c , b. 
  i do n't doubt that she 's intelligent , but there are some very smart people working for record studios who 's careers revolve around planning these kind of stunts . 
  the last word is `` soldat '' meaning `` soldier '' . 
  directly translated it 's : `` in crimea , there are no russian soldiers '', 
   the carrier ships will need a protective force field , because the us will likely attempt a nuclear strike after spotting the carrier ship . 
  ftfy . 
  you 're both right . 
  what / u/redditsucks12345 said is right because working out regularly and eating healthy is all you could realistically hope for while living a fulfilling and balanced life with a full-time employment . 
  however , that 's all that 's required to put you ahead of a large portion of the population . 
  i 'm a guy who will never look like arnold schwarzenegger because i ca n't focus 100 % of my time on bodybuilding . 
  likewise , i will never come off as suave as george clooney because i do n't have a team of writers telling me and everyone around me what to say ( although i 'm sure there are more reasons ) ... 
  this does n't mean that life is unfair though . 
  it does n't mean that the media is conspiring against me , and it does n't mean that i wo n't lead a happy and fulfilling life . 
  comparing oneself to professionals with large support teams doing what they 're paid to do is n't realistic . 
  instead , we must see these people as being on the forefront of their field and learn from them . 
  we can apply some of their experience and routine to ourselves and improve our appearance overall while focusing on what we want to do with our lives . 
  as an example , if arnold uses a routine where he does 2 hours of tricep training followed by 1.5 hours of chest training on the same day because working those two muscles together produces better results than working them individually , then i might also train triceps and chest muscles on the same day . 
  however , i may only train for 1 hour in total because that 's all i have time for . 
  i 'm not going to be the new mr. universe , but i 'll look better than my colleague , jake , who spends that same hour surfing reddit . 
  likewise , when my girlfriend says she loves me , i can give her a cool * `` i know '' * . 
  i probably wo n't be as cool as han solo , but i might just make her feel like princess leia for a little bit . 
  and i 'm alright with that , because my girlfriend is n't likely to leave me for harrison ford just because he 's portrayed as - and probably is - much cooler than me . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** life is not about competing with professionals and being better than them at their profession , but rather about learning from the best and spicing up your own day with small things that they have learned through hard work .
