  it 's also not unfair that people who dedicate their lives to something is better at it then you . 
  no worries . 
  it 's the thought that counts , 
  i ca n't comment on the celebrities and commercials you mention because i do n't know them , but it 's absolutely true that men face different challenges than women . 
  men are very visual . 
  usually the first thing we use to determine whether a woman is attractive is her looks . 
  since men usually make the first move in `` dating '' ( how often do you go up to a stranger and say , `` i like * x * about you , do you want to go out ? 
  '' ) , a decision of whether to approach a girl and spend time , effort , and possibly money on her , has to be made based on visual cues rather than personality traits . 
  women however , do n't usually have to determine if a man is attractive based ** only ** on his looks . 
  when you think about an attractive man , you 're probably more focused on how he makes you feel when you 're with him . 
  is he confident ? 
  do you feel safe with him ? 
  how do other people react to him ? 
  is he creepy or annoying ? 
  i do n't know you at all , but i 'm willing to guess that if you went out with the most visually appealing man you can think of , but he 's afraid to speak up , wo n't make eye contact , laughs too much at your jokes , and calls you 32 times the week after your date , then you probably wo n't find him attractive anymore . 
  for men , it 's a serious dilemma if a woman is a downright bitch , but she 's physically attractive . 
  you 'll be surprised how many men would have trouble deciding whether to keep going out with her . 
  it 's simply because we 're a lot more visual than women and our priorities are different . 
  naturally , for this reason it 's important for women to look good and it 's important for men to convey that they have power and influence . 
  of course , everyone is different and what i 'm saying may not apply to you at all , but in very general terms , i 've found this to be true . 
  women today have a greater challenge though . 
  you 're still expected to be looking hot and take care of a husband and kids , but at the same time have a successful career . 
  i think women have a much harder time finding a balance that works because of how conflicting the social pressures are . 
  i would just like to remind all of your poor americans  that in norway , we started showing tv in 1960 . 
  there was 1 ( one ) channel until 1992 ( when we got 2 channels ) and the one channel was owned and controlled by the government . 
  most of the time , the channel showed a test broadcast and during certain hours during the afternoon and evening , there would be actual programming . 
  g-star raw ( nowegian , bought them in austria about 2 years ago ) . 
  i like that they have a younger look . 
  i was very sarcastic saying that ( hence the wink-smiley ) . 
  norway is an oil-country now and with the internet we 're pretty much on par with you guys in terms of affluence . 
  in the 70s through 90s though , we were very jealous of the amount of luxury and convenience that it seemed most people in america had . 
  keep in mind that the america we saw was from shows like macgyver , clint eastwood movies , top gun , etc. 
  i was not making a jab at the us at all - rather the opposite , but it 's strange to hear about someone having `` only '' 10 channels when , at the same time , the first test broadcasts were made where i 'm from . 
  i think imdb is community edited ( like a wiki ) , so someone on here probably wrote that . 
  i think you just answered op 's question ... , 
  he must have been sweating like a gypsy with a mortgage !, 
   * do not ask for links and do not post links to torrent files *, 
  do n't see how he did any of that ... 
   its secure , and they have no right to look into your stuff, 
  i 'm sorry , but this is simply not true . 
  you 're hosting data on their servers and in most locales , companies can - and have demonstrated that they will - do whatever it is they want with it . 
  i do n't know the specific terms for the service you 're talking about , but claiming it 's * secure * and that they * have no right * to look at your data is most certainly wrong . 
  you 're right that / u/exposure is unlikely to be called out on illegal filesharing , but data passing through a 3rd party service is by no means guaranteed * private * or * secure *, 
  i read ( and quoted ) those rules in my previous post . 
  op is not asking for links nor is he posting links . 
  it does not say in the rules that it is forbidden to discuss pirated content . 
   and have a harder time getting a new job because their previous employer has bad things to say about them . 
  i believe most companies do n't do this anymore . 
  it has to do with defamation lawsuits in the past . 
  most employers used as references will only confirm employment dates . 
  it 's not meant for a knowledgeable international audience . 
  tv has to not only show what happened , but also explain it to a bunch of people who has n't chosen to specifically look up that content . 
  this requires a completely different starting point than a website catering to a certain demographic . 
  another thing to note is that norway is a country with half the population of nyc . 
  we 're interested in seeing where it took place , who the expert is , who the skydivers are , etc. 
  lastly , nrk is not dependent on viewer numbers or ad revenue because it 's government owned and run . 
  they show pretty much [ whatever they want , for how long they want ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/20/world/europe/in-norway-tv-program-on-firewood-elicits-passions.html?_r=0 ) . 
  i 'm not familiar with how e-mail servers work , but i have made a few websites with databases used for things like comments and messages . 
  if the messaging system is set up correctly , then there should only be one copy of the message stored , and the only thing that would change in case of a `` reply-all '' is that more people would be shown that message . 
  i 'm not a professional , but i 'd be surprised if services such as gmail do n't check hashes of e-mail contents and attachments so that they keep only one copy on their servers . 
  another one that i think is used in europe to this day is `` cultural attach\u00e9 '' . 
  it 's just enough to get you diplomatic immunity , but there is n't really any work to do . 
  never went to university , but is it plagiarizing if it 's cited ? 
  obviously it 's not right and it does n't show the student 's academic skills whatsoever , but he 's not trying to pass off someone else 's work as his own . 
  if we ever get invaded by aliens , i hope they find this video first . 
  we also showed a 134 hour long program of the ship `` hurtigruten '' 's trip up the west coast . 
  that 's 134 live , un-advertisement-breaked hours . 
  it 's available [ here ] ( http://nrk.no/hurtigruten/?lang=en ) and it 's licensed under the creative commons license , so you can download a 1920x1080 torrent of the entire program . 
  you might mention to him that many retired air force pilots choose to become upset recovery or aerobatics instructors . 
  i 'm european , so i 'm not completely in the loop , but there was talk a while a go that the faa would require a formal upset recovery course for all atpl guys . 
  this would create a huge market for that kind of training . 
  when i did upset recovery training , it was at a company based in the phoenix area and it consisted completely of retired air force and test pilots . 
  they take people up in extra 300s and scare the shit out of them ... in a fun way . 
  they all seemed to enjoy it even after having flown just about every aircraft under the sun . 
  if you 're interested , i 'd be happy to give you the name of the company in question in a pm . 
  if you have an iphone , choose the nuclear alarm sound for your alarm and put it on the highest volume . 
  once you 've done this , be careful to leave your phone at home if you decide to visit a graveyard in case your alarm goes off . 
  i assume no liability if you should inadvertently start a zombie apocalypse . 
  i always set 3 alarms at 5 minute intervals , so if i want to wake up at 6 , i 'll set an alarm for 05:55 , 06:00 , and 06:05 . 
  that should keep you from snoozing . 
  i mean this post half in jest , but i 've had many people say they sleep through alarms only to find they have a puny * beep-beep * as their alarm sound . 
  the second tip works like a charm , and i 've been relieved many times when i 've accidentally turned off the first of the three in my sleep . 
  i hope this helps !, 
  there 's also the possibility that vikings did n't see animals as having souls . 
  it 's not that long ago since we started considering animal pain as something that exists . 
  very similar to when you see chubby russian athletes . 
  if they were n't the best , they 'd never be allowed to look like that . 
  `` they have a jew-not !, 
  hi-five ! '', 
  that 's interesting . 
  i see there are some videos on youtube demonstrating the technique for brushing . 
  so you would say flossing is more important than mouthwash ? 
  i 'm sure i 'm not the only one who thinks flossing is a pita ... how do you feel about [ toothpicks ] ( http://www.verzorgmarket.nl/contents/media/jordan%20dental%20stick%20thin%20100st.%202.50.jpg ) ? 
  thanks for your answer !, 
  i see . 
  thanks again for replying - i very much appreciate it . 
  looks like i 'll be buying dental floss today , 
  i recently dated the mexican-american war of 1846 then ... 
  i like this system , now i have a good reason to learn historical battles !, 
  yes this is dog !,
