  ireland what ? 
  this is new nato standard first piloted by romania sheep forces  ), 
  the cargo was with sheeps from romania  ), 
  like it or not but turkey really did destroy 2 russian assets  ), 
  it is true that in countries where gerrymandering is possible there problems of legitimacy . 
  after we finish the artificial wind island in the north sea . 
  good this means we might get the rest of the portuguese f16 cheaper . 
  u get downvoted so i guess the truth hurts a little ... 
  man they are so stupid ... 
  he may genuinely fear that society we will end up repeating history and the next holocaust will be against the muslim . 
  i dont understand what he means ... solidarity as a social construct is directed towards those oppressed or in need or going through a rough patch ... so smth is off logically . 
  does he mean society will end up oppressing islam to the point that good people will feel the need to show solidarity towards them ? 
  this is the only logical scenario in which his words make sense ... 
  the only reason we have to even touch the idea of a robot tax is because our current fiscal system ( or systems ) is unable to properly tax net gains . 
  so yes because we are not able to tax net gains and have necessary resources for redistribution we have to go after the next thing which means taxing assets . 
  there was no big pressure till now on this because redistribution was done through the basic economic equation : value is created by employing capital + assets + labor and was enough to tax each moderately and redistribution was done by the share of labor . 
  as labor is shrinking and is replaced by assets and the natural redistribution is not done anymore , and taxing capital net gains seems impossible in practical terms ( cause of lobby , corruption or just ideology ) than the whole burden of taxation comes down on assets and the natural redistribution has to be replaced by government redistribution . 
  the whole european agriculture benefits from the protectionism and european and national subsidies schemes . 
  the only problems come on specific regulations from farmers who if not for eu they would not be forced to respect those regulation and think they can outsmart other farmers that already activated under such regulations , ofc while still being in the same market . 
  the people really bothered by our agricultural system are the guys from other continent . 
  ps : the sanctions for russia are not so much out of compassion for ukraine but in order to deter any ideas of trying the same shit to countries in eu 's influence sphere . 
  cause there is the concept a physical limitation and the concept of intellectual limitation between men and women . 
  one is an indisputable fact and the other is debatable depending who you ask . 
  like we can see it today through the tight cloths . 
  but 17y ago for a 13y kid that was a thing !, 
  then i do n't really know , i am out of theories . 
  maybe just megalomaniac tendencies . 
  does hungary have any revisionist claims over slovenia ? 
  interesting ... 
  tbh for things to go really smooth uk should have ended the current fiscal 2014 - 2020 ( 2022 with derogation ) while still having full rights and obligations and just not be part of the next 2021 - x, 
  dont really care as long as we are all under the blue stary flag . 
  not the end of the world if you ask me . 
  tbh it is sad and it more or likely a corruption scandal and prosecution should step in , because although this behavior damages the single market and competitivity inside the union ( yes the eu is very protectionist market ) it also frauds 1st of all uk buget ... as far as i know custom taxes are taken by the place of entry ... 
  oh man i just remember my 7th grade spanish teacher ... she was a freshman in her 20s ... i think it was the 1st time i saw a tanga upclose ... 
  since we are in eu better send them to do 7y in a romanian jail , they will get raped by the rats . 
  not sure what you know , but all gas moves in europe through pipelines ... we just have only russia at one end , we need other supplier and to build pipelines but also to interconnect all eu countries so we can send gas from spain to greece and from romania to france if needed depending on storage supplies . 
  well they are not competitors . 
  lng is a very expensive alternative to the traditional gas sent through a pipe . 
  scotland , norway and israel can all be connected through underwater pipes . 
  yes but is very hard to chance consumer behavior and the voter 's will ... although there is the precedent of smoking which has been banned . 
  nothing surprising here . 
  only way to counter balance russian dependency is by access of the whole europe to norway 's and scotland 's production in the north and israel in the south . 
  well i heard also that electric cars are really quiet ... 
  do n't be rude before we have the final results ... 
  lets fine uk because they intentionally created damages to the common market . 
  the uk can retroactively ask the money back from the importers . 
  but that is uk 's problem . 
  was n't there the awful terror attack ? 
  again you do n't understand . 
  these 2bn are money the uk gov should have gathered through the customs , usually from the buyers of the extra eu . 
  they are simple custom taxes that any country has to collect and should have been used the money to fund for example the nhs ... but since uk did n't do that they are fined by the eu . 
  well the only way to save italy is through sustained inflation . 
  given that we have a shitload of immigrants we should use them as helicopter drops of money direct through the economy . 
  i can confirm usa hacked and helped macron ... obama himself was at the keyboard orchestrating the attack ... 
  pls just do n't show her picture ... even the gorilla is more visually appeasing . 
  also the article presents fillon as the victim of a conspiracy which again is false since all evidence seems to be true and he did indeed break the law . 
  it is sad indeed that only a handful of people who transgress get caught , but that is another problem of the system and it does n't absolve fillon . 
  should be dumped on / r/economics, 
  she has other interesting points but the problem is that her platform comes with fk europe as main solution and makes everything irrelevant from my point of view at least . 
  fk eu , fk euro , militarize borders , tax more non french workers . 
  there was a lot of hype that the polls will be also wrong in france as they were in the states and marine le pen will come on top so if the final results are around the median of the poll numbers , it is a positive thing . 
  well the numbers are what we would expect according to recent polls . 
  lol macron is like an american kid from the suburbs  ) . 
  fillon a beatles fan :p . marine - cute girl . 
  wtf ... gollum right there !, 
  yes run the company ok but with what money lol ? 
  who will finance it ? 
  tbh we do n't need this much retail  ) . 
  but i don ; t know , sometimes i do my shoping saturday , other times i do it sunday . 
  well some services require that they are provided on a daily basis , not 24/7 , but still . 
  usually to my knowledge most labor legislation has limits the working week to 40h ( 8x5 ) and there has to be given a bonus for working night shift or weekends , and extra hours must be paid at a bonus or given free days as compensation . 
  the left may be over reaching but do n't remind me about the right full deregulation utopia . . 
  national disgrace of the year ... the song ... check the city in few months at untold . 
  the last light before le pen presidency . 
  it writes : go electric all over it . 
  lol yes  ), 
  i also do n't get why they are not considered white ... they are fking white ... 
  storm the front !, 
  and those who are not needed will be harnessed for kw just like in za matrix, 
  in his defense his comment is the article , since it 's behind a paywall . 
  to be honest she looks like a hammer ... 
  i read : fapville.ft.com, 
  lol ... 
  i think they are preparing lenin s place for putin . 
  did you forgot the scandals from 2016 or 2015 ? 
  but it 's a circumcision ... any priest can do it ... 
  go visit romanian orphanages . 
  same story ... 
   `` california 's trade balance with china is just as insignificant in the debate as germany 's with the u.s. should be , '' it says . 
  i knew there was a small federalist hiding ... 
   killed almost all fire salamanders in an outbreak in the netherlands in 2014 . pls save natsu ... 
  senpai : it is used when referring to an upper classmate , someone more advanced than you in a certain field , someone which holds seniority over you . 
  the small green dot i think it is bucharest . 
  same , 
  haha those 2 flags are funny because there more or less the same thing , same stars just opposing colors . 
  it was an accident . 
  also you need to apply a form of inheritance tax when someone gives up their french citizenship . 
  people want to get karma and the sources are different ... so ... 
  can confirm , just voted spanish ... well this happens when you take seriously online polls of a somehow questionable newspaper . 
   yea but of darker shade next time pls put a spoiler alert !,
