  if we still have 40 % - 45 % attendance they will win for sure . 
  their voters are usually the uneducated and the poor . 
  but because they are poor they are giving them aids ( which is ok - welfare is part of a wannabe modern state ) but they do n't tackle the root of the problem , education and infrastructure , just the effect . 
  this way they have captive voters . 
  also they are reluctant to reform the inefficient education system , cause the system has like 500k active voters more or less and they are the class most reluctant to change and the problem with romanian education system is not to suit the children but the professors . 
  yes , ciolos would have made a political government . 
  and ofc i 'd like a professional , someone with a strong background instead of a fking turner or a waiter , to run the ministries . 
  did you know that we had ministers who were truck drivers , waiters or shady exchange brokers and people who where unable to talk correctly romanian in top positions of the country just cause they bought their way ? 
  dude just stop talking as if you would know a thing about romanian politics . 
   they rose for whom ? 
   for the state . 
  the state collected more wage contribution after they implemented flat tax . 
  also did u know at that time they where taxing everything above around 500 dollars ( we did n't have the euro then ) salaries with 45 % tax ? 
  dude wtf stop with your ideological propaganda . 
  when that tax was implemented the gains from wage taxes rose although the tax went down . 
  it was a smart move . 
  also from an economic stand point , flat tax rate is better for developing economies because it helps with capital consolidation , than when your economy becomes mature one can go on taxing income discrepancies . 
  you subsidize the pension fund from the vat and other taxes . 
  yeah let 's do it together at least so you would n't feel awkward ... 
  i hope you will manage to break free from your problems so at least the hungarian ethnics have a better alternative ... 
  its not about that low . 
  platforms mean nothing in romania is just populist overbid . 
  the problem is corruption and stealing from people 's money while having almost no civic groups who would form a critical mass for protests , cause oh well for 50 years our parents were tought to steal so as long as someone does n't steal from their purse it does n't matter , the state was always an oppressive institution !, 
  in terms of integrity there is almost no difference between pnl and psd , just that psd was always top dog ( from 48 till now lol ) and the so called liberals where the underdogs . 
  pnl is just more careful about optics , but in their ranks there was and there is a lot of corruption and same practices . 
  it 's easy for you to have a theoretical discussion about romanian politics when in fact you have no idea about the reality from within the box ( which is ok , you are french and also i have no idea about french politics except it will be shitty if mlp wins for the rest us , other europeans ) . 
  the only reason some of us endorsed pnl was because they were backing up ciolos ( french schooled btw ) our current prime minister who seemed to have started good projects , structural ones , not the ones you see that make clickbait headlines . 
  what about the screw-a-jew project ? 
  yeah sorry but i found the rent/a/jew name funny so i played a bit with the concept :p, 
  : early adopters :  ), 
  refresh, 
  ofc . 
  era o glumita  ) do n't overthink it, 
  it 's a philosophical article , with a sort of academic structure , so what did you expect it would be ? 
  the final conclusion with the ultimate solution ? 
  which this article isnt , 
  i would n't say education itself , but the philosophy on which we base our education system can not keep with the chaotic developments both in the social and technological matrix . 
  in real terms they have 17 % out of electoral pool , but since around 55-60 % of the citizens don-t participate to the elections they get beefed up . 
  they have around 2.5 - 3 mil supporters , usually old and poor people . 
  i am talking in a general sense , i am not from there so i do n't know if it 's the case . 
  nop , ofc not . 
  just an useful idiot ... 
  well i just wanted to keep proportions . 
  also i do n't see how a person can live with 350 rent out of 500 net income . 
  i get around 650 net income and i pay rent around 200 , cause i rented a studio which is in good neighborhood with a 5 min access to subway . 
  but people who stay together can get it down to 150/person easy and in some case can be low as 100 euro / person . 
  works every time dude !, 
  and it does magic , 
  it happens everywhere . 
  romanians cross the border in serbia cause they have some cheaper things while serbians come to romania and buy goods and services that do n't find in their local shops, 
  i think u mean :  i 'd still rather pay 1500-2000 $ per month for a flat out of 3500-4000 $ than 3-400 $ out of 700-800 $ . 
  yep , bucharest pays a lot but rent is very high also . 
  so it may not be that accurate . 
  but tbh i do n't think they have the data to do a proper study on real purchasing power index that reflects not only mandatory goods but also the inherent services which are a must for our modern lives . 
  it is , but when it 's done in an institutionalized way and it is on a group agenda we have a problem ... 
  the ideologues need future fuel for the fire , otherwise it will burn down eventually . 
  breeding hate and making it inherent to one 's persona is a classic way to achieve this and will be very hard to correct it later on . 
  there is a gap , but not so much in the free world . 
  and the more technical the field , the more the `` cultural '' gap disappears and it 's only a matter of difference in individual capacity . 
  point taken , and corrected . 
   ) the messages here on reddit . 
  especially the ones which are down voted or not shown . 
  also i mistook you for / u/harbo who provided the source and corrected me . 
  i thought i was talking to him . 
  wow ... man the way you view the world is so skewed ... i could understand , maybe , that a french average worker in a french system would perform poorly than a german worker , but take that same french worker in a german system and i am sure that after a short period of accommodation we will perform on average similar to his german peers . 
  i hope you are not implying that french people or anyone would be cognitively inferior to others due to the geography ? 
  no ... check the comments . 
  even if u are legally and work you should pay for the privilege to be accepted by the french society . 
  ofc not all people and i never implied to extrapolate to general french population , i was just referring to some guys who replayed to this post ( i think some of them ar not even french by looking at their flags ) and would go beyond mlp proposition . 
  man , the taxes i pay in france not in romania !, 
  i work in france , i pay taxes in france ...  also , other country do n't complain about receiving french people because they are not seen like a downgrade `` performance wise '' . 
  so you imply just because i am not french i am a downgrade in terms of economic productivity ? 
  yep , like put those people from rural bible belt in brooklyn and segregate them there and see how they evolve in the next 50 years . 
  city districts maybe ? 
   reputations are earned , in an utopian universe maybe where everyone is born equal . 
  reputation at 1st contact is your background . 
  the more you deviate from the high standard of acceptability the more your reputation is perceived as inferior . 
  i figured as much , but i forced the argument to see how other redditors think . 
  so far my conclusion is that some people would penalize other people just because of nationality . 
   we could also say that you pay less tax , invest less in the country ( and therefor participate to it 's future ) since you have less interest in france than romania . 
  so you should pay more to benefit it 's service . 
  how do u know that i pay less ? 
  maybe i have a 7 figure salary per year ... 
  but i guess there are also french people who benefit for a while being part of the french society and then they moved in another country . 
  how can we make them compensate for what was given to them for free and now are boosting other economies ? 
  check the other replies to my post . 
  evidently some people agree with her , that is the tax for taking the job of french people . 
  edit : word courtesy to / u/sebgggg, 
  it 's not the economy that accepts me , it 's an employer who considers i am more qualified for that job than alternatives , 
  because i pay taxes just like everybody else , the only difference is that i was n't born there . 
  tbh , i was n't thinking about muslims but i was thinking about myself . 
  if i came and work in france and i also brought my children ... i should pay extra to have my children attending schools , just because i am not french ... it is your right to set whatever rules you feel comfortable with in your country but that does n't make them right ... or even smart ... 
  they are not banning circumcision . 
  they are postponing it to be the recipient 's decision , when he is alone with his doctor who explains medically what 's all about and he gives full consent knowing detailed information . 
  it 's just an ancient religious tradition that may have had some reasons some time ago , but nowadays from an objective point of view is just an unnecessary invasive medical procedure performed on a child because the parents said so ... it may seem like oppression or majority ruling but as long as it 's backed up by common sense arguments this is societies evolve and are educated . 
  if jewish people feel that their cultural identity is threaten just because they ca n't cut parts of children genitalia i think the problem is with them and not with us ... 
  agree 100 %, 
  a glass of red wine from time to time does n't affect the liver . 
  this diplomatic blunter is for the best , i recon ... 
  this is the scenario , force them to have miserable lives so that they either leave france willingly or are forced to do unlawful acts in order to survive .
