  romanian cables need a bmw tag to sell well . 
  it 's not that simple ... 
  no more said energizer on vk ? 
  maybe but peace it 's not worth the life we are living . 
  i 'd better die a winner than live like a looser in this god forsaken wannabe utopia !!!, 
  real gypsies do n't beg !, 
  they steal mothafuka !, 
  circumcised cock ... 
  time to beam a bean  ), 
  was about time someone had to courage to go after the pharma complex ... let 's see what happens . 
  for a region that is strong on exports and it is self sufficient from a agricultural point of view , a powerful currency might not be the best decision . 
  the uncanny valley  ), 
  madame macron should be a jealous , i heard he likes the older type ... 
  yep  ), 
  not saying to intervene but a bit of a brain drain wo n't hurt ... 
  they are not far off . 
  it 's called tribalism . 
  been around since bc . 
  well maybe eu should focus on south america if the elites really fear that we need demographic boost , instead of wasting time with ame islamic inflow ... 
  the my wife my slave i have life and death authority over her is inherent to these guys ... 
  seems decent . 
  u will get some votes and no boo 's  ), 
  decent song , the vocal can be remade by armin and the likes of him into a hit , 
  what is your song ? 
  wow like a pandemic ... 
  there is always some balance i guess ... 
  the pro eu population will fade as soon as tribalism kicks in ( in fact it already did ) and it will take more than a generation to be on a good track in eu / gb relationship . 
  somehow hilarious . 
  in italy they made an appeal and the ban was lifted so far . 
  black comedy ... 
  romania , italy for sure . 
  what ? 
  what do you expect there is 1st of all a language barrier . 
  you need to know the local language , cause english does n't cut it for day to day activities , and most of them are just oblivious to foreign languages . 
  lol  ), 
  lolz ... really  ), 
  they are promoting their political views like some sort of new religion ... 
  well if you think with a cool head they are right ... 35 % of france is a big slice for the alt righters . 
  sorry just saw a topic of futurology about life on mars where a vegan hijacked the post with his propaganda combined with the fact that at least in my country vegan ong are anti vaccination ( we have an epidemic almost 20 death so far - mostly children ), 
  these alt righters are like vegans , instead of keeping it to themselves since it 's their life choice they want to impose their * religion * on everybody else , and whoever does n't follow them deserves to burn in hell . 
  i feel there is not much of a difference between them and islamists at a fundamental level . 
  what other kind of countries will you travel to ? 
  i am asking so we can pick them up and tell you about them if we know about them . 
  i ca n't tell you much about poland unfortunately . 
  magyar posta is an outlier ? 
  on principle has won from 2weeks ago . 
  but the magnitude of the win is important as well this time around . 
  so they can actually hide the oligarchic party . 
  my dear usa friends pls revise your lobbying laws and practices , they are plain bribery and they are ruining your country ... 
  the quality of the car is good , just that it pollutes more than it says which is a non issue for most considering the alternative would be a less responsive car . 
  and no access to supermarkets etc and other services . 
  far from any hospital probably also ... 
  how do you want him to do that . 
  depends what you understand by helping . 
  lol this is ... quite cute !, 
  like 350 millions to the nhs !, 
  maybe also french ? 
  ofc ... i think in we there is the association with africans while in se there is the association with gypsies . 
  after several glasses junker may find you quite appealing , our dear old may, 
  same in romania ... 
  well even as prostitutes males are morally superior to women  ) / s, 
  considering their demographics that would be big coming from them  ), 
  west - ungric area , tell that to the majority living in that area  ) . 
  yes but you can check the place , take video recordings and u also have the log and you see that the number of receipts does n't check with the number of customers . 
  this is how they did it last 2 years in romania + accounting control and it was brutal . 
  mystery shopper type campaign they shut down places and hand a lot of penalties . 
  in few months they would run after you to get your receipt . 
  the next step should have been special registers connected to the internet to a fiscal administration server and pios mandatory everywhere even at the country side , but they are delaying the schedule . 
  yes they are but they can be easily controlled with centralized cash registers to gov servers . 
  those are services and moreover self employed forms of practice i was referring to stores , restaurant etc usually goods , where you can easily trail discrepancies . 
  for the economic entities that do trade b2c in surely can ... 
  good , only natural apple and citrous drinks on the stands !, 
  not quite , all cash register have smth we call a fiscal memory . 
  from that memory which is secured you can print all different reports . 
  which can be easily imposed . 
  cash registers + the possibility to pay with cards . 
  every now and then there is a war that wipes the slate clean , so we can start all over  ) . 
   no one would have accepted greece into the ** euro ** that is what you mean i guess . 
  damn no more rlslog or similar and no more openload ? 
  cause there was almost no viable solution till 1-2 years ago , when electric 250 + miles started to pop out . 
  from what i know you ca n't have both power and low cos/nox emissions , except going for full electric . 
  cause there is n't a workaround ... you either have a v8 or low nox emission . 
  but in 10y we will have electric and for lorries probably hydrogen or also electric . 
  over the entire continent . 
  and not just the main auto groups can be affected but also entire supply chain ... i think several million decent to good paying jobs depend on the industry . 
  same in the east , the darker the shade the more authorities care less . 
  also a lot of people might not like the idea of putting cucumbers in yogurt  ), 
  '' i value more important things . '', 
  - like showing those neosmth the middle finger !, 
  she is the dark leia from an alternate universe !, 
  why ?!, 
  lol cause of economies of scale . 
  if there is a demand and there is a lack of local supply for any different reasons , someone else will fill the markets with products as long as it is economically to sell there . 
  cause in the end it is a recipe ... as long as you have access to raw ingredients and know how you can do it anywhere , except if it 's with protected origin . 
  still expensive . 
  i was referring to a form of absolute political control , iliberalism etc, 
  interesting read . 
  what is happening in poland , hungary and they tried and are trying to do in romania is not ok ... 
  is defecting france for poland !, 
  u mean sheep stupidity,
