  go and occupy !, 
  lolz , how come . . was n't moldova 1 step away from unification with the urss according to its president ? 
  the beauty about it is that you tax only 1 sector : energy production which also can be defrauded since it is so regulated and which powers everything else we do : from food to the solar panels and wind turbines . 
  my only concern is how do to this and also mitigate inflow from global trade who might no adhere to your new energy standards . 
  you would become noncompetitive to export and you would need to issue protectionist measures . 
  not that simple ... tbh mostly impossible . 
  [ economic debate on the subject ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/6e29hh/4080_carbon_tax_by_2020_100_carbon_tax_by_2030/ ), 
  yes for example in poland there should be negative income taxation implemented at the same time as a carbon tax , otherwise you would have a revolution and economic shutdown . 
  not ban , co2 can also be captured but atm there is no incentive for a company to invest in cutting edge technologies that do that . 
  considering no one will buy your electricity ( better said you will be their last option and most expensive ) , you either shut down or invest so that the penalty decreases . 
  nop that tax will go all throughout the economy . 
  but considering that the electricity price is in the range of cents / kwh the investment will be either in co2 sequestration or in alternatives that do n't have harmful emissions ( also co2 is not the only substance in question ) . 
  people have to understand this : sustainability is very very expensive on short and medium term ... 
  from what i read it is enough to tax energy production . 
  someone made a calculus and for coal a $ 100 tax on co2 metric tone would be $ 4 more per 1kwh . 
  well that 's a dangerous path right there ... 
   ) like your sarcasm, 
  they do n't hate it per se , it 's just that the companies want deregulation cause this `` climate shit '' is kinda to expensive for their shareholders . 
  good job you bureaucrats !, 
  cause uk is not every country on earth ,, 
  and here i thought those coins were to brown  / s, 
  lolz we continued the conversation in the wrong topic  ) ), 
  that hand sculptured chemine might disagree with you  ), 
  i think both rooms are in br\u00e2ncovenesc style . . 
  wow , 
  wow ... so simplistic . 
   ) the french one is too much but i would have expected the german chancellor office to have more personality . 
  i like it . 
  putting end to it is fairly impossible , but at list westernazing it would be a success on the long run . 
  they will vote using their hearts probably , cause you know tribalism always wins . 
  ergonomic . 
  the `` system '' is fighting back . 
  i could say that corruption has won some small battles recently but they had major setbacks in their quest for absolute power . 
  fortunately arrests are going forwards and people are getting convictions . 
  also public opinion is slowly shifting away from the fight against corruption due to a concerted media campaign against the national anticorruption agency and our bnd . 
  maybe life in prison from rape !, 
  but that would just take them out off the streets and put them on `` universal basic welfare '' for the rest of their life ... 
  and also from london . 
  that if they do n't want ny underwater ... 
  he is ok , but some say he should be more aggressive towards the parties , especially psd . 
  no quite . 
  intelligence and military is a loose - loose negotiation . 
  yes but it is still shit . 
  fairly relevant though : [ british airways union blames massive it failure on outsourcing it jobs to india ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.in/2017/05/28/british-airways-union-blames-massive-it-failure-on-outsourcing-i_a_22113082/ ) but might be just press speculation . 
  usually old famous buildings have this kind of stories  ) which is why people also try to preserve them , not only for their architecture but also for their tumultuous history . 
  it would be fair that military and law enforcement cooperation should be non negotiable , not even on the table . 
  [ eli5 ] considering there are : destroyers , frigates and corvettes , what is the role of each one in naval deployment ? 
  nop , it came much later and it started as a private property and after several owners it became property of the state then again private then state  ) . 
  we get a special on discovery how they restore it , 
  opulent indeed , but i do n't see the ikea comfortable couch were mr president can take a short nap  ), 
  good to know you know your dicks germany, 
  yes , not the same thing as donald . 
  and people were accustomed to his style . 
  not to mention he would harass orban on different occasions . 
  that whole day junker was on full parade . 
  i am so ashamed :(, 
  good to know we can still trust into radio , 
  yeah lol , towards 0 ... 
  this [ ... ] ( http://www.banknotenews.com/files/norway_nb_200_kroner_2016.00.00_b659a_pnl_8101109237_f.jpg ), 
  haha love it  ), 
  and because they teach in english a lot of good students have possibility to contribute to the universities ' programs . 
  it 's more a win win than a loose - win scenario in my opinion . 
  it was a question based on a positive supposition  . 
  i am saying that even though there are some mild differences between the french side and the english side , at the end of the day you are canadians . 
  also i knew a guy from quebec and i found his french quite funny , compared to the literary parisian french i was used to . 
  yeah , but you all feel canadians even if some fancy vulgar french ? 
  no ... romanians , but every eu citizen , have no restriction in any eu country for that matter . 
  technically you can get a bus ticket , go in a city , town , village whatever ask for work , and sign a contract on the same day if anyway is interested in your skills , no questions asked or extra paperwork . 
  from his right to the left  just like his policies :p, 
  what migration deficit , they host 1 mil ukr more or less . 
  i see you are a commercial pilot ... 
  there was inflation in the financial markets . 
  just that doesn ; t help the masses . 
   ) you meanie, 
  yes in malta  ), 
  u did n't understand the comment . 
  i implied that italy does n't have the internal resources for such a shift . 
  none of the countries do , because ubi is inconsistent with our economic , fiscal and even cultural model , and the limitations do n't stop at a national level but even at the provisions of the wto general agreement . 
  you are stuck in % . 
  we might have huge increases in % of gdp but also pls look the nominal values ... when italy , france , germany go 1 % it means 3-4 % in nominal terms to the east . 
  and also as we catch up in terms of gdp , the less we will benefit from eu transfers , and the more our infrastructure develops the more those who invested here get more money and when they repatriate the profits will end up back home in italy . 
  what italy looses from its taxes and goes to a country like romania , it gets back as private capital . 
  but from that point onward it is not our fault that the italian citizen does n't fully benefit from this investment cause all those repatriated profits still end up in a god forsaken island in the atlantic or pacific ... or mediterranean ( new scandal ) ... 
  haha  ) you are still beside the point . 
  i am familiar with the ubi discussion and i can tell you no developed country can fully sustain ubi in a true sense or at least a negative income taxation with the current redistribution system . 
  and even if you do that it will be a real shit show when the north would have to sustain the south even more ... also we are not living on italy 's back , cause last time i went to the supermaket everyone is buying italian olive oil , italian pasta , italian balsamic vinegar . 
  and a lot of italian capital is consolidating in romania which it could n't in italy since there the market is too crowded . 
  and i know this because i work for an italian company . 
  read my other comment . 
  i am fed up with articles glorifying ubi when no one gives a decent solution on how we will increase gdp redistribution from 30-40 % to 70 % ... 
  tbh , they are not leaching they are farmers . 
  i know a lot of italians that moved in romania with everything they bought the land , found land for rent , invested and are basically farming . 
  as a business , not as a hobby ofc . 
  final goal is to produce for the entire community , tbh ... to be self sufficient is wasting the land ... 
  tell that to the italians investing millions in romania 's agriculture ... 
  cause agriculture done right is the black gold of the future ? 
  yes if germans gon na pay \u0218 ) ), 
  well easy access to some services that were not previously in the neighborhood can drive prices up , but you are right this is not the case of a store . 
  you people seem to confuse whistle blowing for releasing ( leaking ) critical information in an active investigation ... 
  i find it always a fair comparison and i specified to everyone who had eyes to read what i meant .
