  this will take several years i suspect , but the idea is to discourage this type of behavior . 
  also i am speculating that if a member state continues to authorize such a behavior , the eu can open an infringement notice , but i am not sure tbh , do n't know this well the treaties . 
  in most cases consensus can be reached in between members states on good practices . 
  how come the eu fucks southern countries ? 
  indeed !, 
  damn ... the dif between south and nord is around 50 % :(, 
  yep same in romania ... the luck is that they still end up working some way or another since only a % of entry lvl jobs require the university one finished to be related . 
  depends how the study was made . 
  for example if it was done by phone/email : 1 ) do you currently work ? 
  2 ) yes / no then it does n't matter if the graduate found a job locally or abroad ... 
  yes because people are impulsive and you do n't want impulsive people with guns ... 
  well i am not a big fan of indirect taxation . 
  and vat is a headache from the fiscal point of view ( i am accountant ) . 
  i understand why they used this form of taxation since almost no one pays profit taxes anymore so they need a way that was very hard to trick , hence they linked the tax to the products consumed . 
  anyway rich people can circumvent even inheritance taxes , possibly with money being kept in offshore companies . 
  ofc , since ee are still growing below theoretical potential and we have a low starting base . 
  it 's like that joke on / r/polandball after romania announced it 's 6 % gdp increase , germany as a way of congratulating threw a penny at it , as a result the next day romania declared a 7 % gdp increase due to a sudden foreign investment  ) . 
  if germans cant catch up to germans , how are bulromanians supposed to ?!!!, 
  oh sweet irony ?!!, 
  i 've was in normandie 15 years ago for a cultural exchange and we both presented folk outfits . 
  yours seem to have more of a victorian than a medieval flair . 
  ours are similar also . 
  but there are many many variants of th same concept for each region . 
  here some examples [ 1 ] ( http://ciobanasul.ro/wp-content/gallery/costume/costum-nasaud-dama-si-barbat.jpg ) , [ 2 ] ( https://isabelleart.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/dscn7503.jpg ) , [ 3 ] ( http://cyd.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/unitate-costum-popular.jpg ) , [ 4 ] ( http://www.magazindeartizanat.ro/productcontentfilehandler/1800/1800/costum-popular-femei-bistrita-8690.jpg ) , [ 5 ] ( http://www.magazindeartizanat.ro/productcontentfilehandler/1800/1800/costum-popular-femei-sibiu-9024.jpg ) , [ 6 ] ( http://www.ghidulnuntii.com/timis/costum-popular-leontina-prodan--timisoara/photos/costum-popular-leontina-prodan--timisoara-costum-popular-leontina-prodan-timisoara_39108.jpg ), 
  ok guys this alarmist article does n't explain the whole story and the european mechanism behind this . 
  some states in order to boost local business , although this is not quite accurate since they only acquired the social headquarters not some investments in production lines or what so ever , made some backdoor deals with the companies . 
  for example if u come in ireland you will get some special lower taxes for your profit , while all the other companies in ireland would pay the ones which are public in their fiscal code . 
  by eu standards this is considered state aid , basically the state gives money to a company to invest locally . 
  because these practices can affect european competition ( imagine each state subsidizing their local private companies - there would be no real competition ) they are not banned but are highly regulated and have strict rules . 
  states usually are allowed to give state aids when the company has extensive investments plans , for example developing a research center or a manufacture capacity . 
  in some of these cases the eu gives the ok for the state to practically co finance the projects . 
  even in these cases there are wide debates how big companies are basically putting to auction their projects for who bids the most , or the fact that they are legally blackmailing countries where they have production ( hence a lot of workforce involved ) to come up with ways to finance their business ( subsidize ) while they export most of the benefits in fiscal paradises . 
  but this is another debate . 
  so now discovering and documenting these facts the commission came and said ok guys you tried it and it did n't work so please pay taxes as you should have and like everyone else does , because the agreement you had with ireland is illegal and hence null , or else we will fine you . 
  from what i know fines cam come up to 10 % of european revenues ( not profit ! ) . 
  legally they have the right to retroactively ask for money back . 
  basically the eu is trying to get a plea bargain and not to sentence , pay what you should have payed and we will not prosecute . 
  also the money will go to the irish treasury and if they will prosecute instead , the competition and consumer protection commission ( irish institution ) will be the one to fine apple based on local laws ( which have been harmonized in all member states ) . 
  ireland like all other member states have signed to this in the treaty ( art . 
  107 i think ) . 
  i am sorry for them ( apple ) but they took a risk and it did n't pay off . 
  apple 's legal team should have known the law and that eventually this may get back to them . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  it 's not under the fiscal authorities but under the competition commission . 
  not that simple since the fine will come from the competition board and not fiscal authorities . 
  fiscal authorities will just help calculate the money avoided . 
  fiscal authorities do n't regulate the state aids , competition board does . 
  since the deal between a member state and a private company was secret ( similar how a cartel sets things up ) they can retroactively ask for the money back . 
  ofc those money will go back to irish treasury . 
  not that simple since the fine will come from the competition board and not fiscal authorities . 
  fiscal authorities will just help calculate the money avoided . 
  fiscal authorities do n't regulate the state aids , competition board does . 
  since the deal between a member state and a private company was secret ( similar how a cartel sets things up ) they can retroactively ask for the money back . 
  ofc those money will go back to irish treasury . 
  yep either pay taxes like everyone or we ban the goods ... 
  the picture is from a shit post article saying yoda leaves among us ... 
  tbh from my point of view the inheritance tax is an abuse as those money were already taxed once and are property which u can give to ur relatives . 
  on the other hand we can tax income , for example everything above 100 mil is taxed with 90 % . 
  or by telling them on what they are not allowed to spend . 
  well they do n't have police ... so they need to take the the law in their hands ... those pour wild west guys ... 
  no ... do n't wan na imagine a usa type scenario here in europe where everyone having weapons . 
  [ this ] ( http://kdmedia.kanald.ro/image/201511/w560h315/media_144768294853323100.jpg ) most rural romanian women  ) [ and this ] ( http://www.curaj.net/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/maserati1-300x225.jpg ) [ moaar ] ( http://cdn.citynews.ro/sites/default/files/styles/900xautowm/public/mii-de-credinciosi-inconjoara-biserica-de-la-nicula-pe-coate-si-genunchi-asteptand-sa-se-inchine_0.jpg ), 
  sorry forgot to give context . 
  romanian teachers also got vouchers for books that ofc one may presume they would need at their discipline . 
  an audit found out later they just bought cooking books ( more 50 % ) or unrelated books ... do n't want to imply that italian teachers would be so frivolous but i keep my right to some cynicism ... 
  try to focus on fish and chicken tbh  . 
  never plan to go vegetarian ... i 'm addicted to cheese and milk , 
  not 2 days / week ? 
  never went to the church on christmas , but instead we go for easter for the same reason , for fun ... , 
  not eating pork is not a bad idea tbh ... considering the health negative effects ... 
  at least the process is somehow public and those in the committee may be susceptible also to what public opinion thinks not only what lobbyists tell them . 
  and if a state ends up in bankruptcy what happens ? 
  i remember there were some states in dire situations ? 
  yes i doubt too . 
  i know that us is fighting a bid with russia for the region on military equipment , but i never heard about naval warships . 
  from what i know all military exports have to be vetted by congress right ? 
  and even so . . it is forecasted that italy will probably nail the eu project ... 
  not talking about bailing out , but in case of bad local management does n't the fed gov intervene somehow to bring things to the right path ? 
  weird ... 
  yes i know and i completely agree . 
  the thing is that we will never start a global war for siria but also we are not ready to let the russians win ... 
  hope they will not buy cooking books with those vouchers . . 
  ofc it will be probably a bloodbath ... and people are calling it 's our ( europeans ) responsibility what happens in siria ... so i ask responsibility to do what ? 
  enter and just ** pacify ** everyone no matter which side they are ... cause i do n't see other solution ... 
  yes they can negotiate but they ca n't officially sign anything , so for example if u negotiate with russia a bilateral nafta type agreement and russian goods start pouring in the uk market or vice versa , the eu can and will probably sanction the uk , not sure it they can start even an infringement procedure ... 
  how money first or based on receipts ? 
  does the tram also celebrate 2x years of freedom since the communist era ? 
  are you ? 
  you seriously think usa could fully defend a direct attack from russia ? 
  you 're insane if you think that . 
  yes !!!, 
  we finally have a battle royal on the ground with turks vs rebels and kurds vs isis vs asad and russians vs sas and delta force ... 
  the thing the usa does when a state is in shit , make special federal policy and strategic reforms for it , but oh well shit we aint usa . 
  germany does n't want to get its hands dirty in greece , and greece will never accept to be micro managed by anyone else than greece , so we are in a stalemate . 
  richter i presume . 
  we have some experience with earthquakes since we 've been hit by some 5.5 - 6.5 for the last 30 years . 
  usually we consider below 7 to have minimal repercussions citywide . 
  yes the article is somehow right about one thing , germany needs a strong euro so i can get as much as possible from its premium products based industry which has exported a lot . 
  while the other countries need a weaker euro so they can price compete with similar products in global market . 
  the way i see it , unfortunately because of its modern economy europe has a very high productivity that in many aspects just dwarfs european demand so we are the slaves of a export based economy in order to properly evolve .
