  because there has been barely no innovation over 2nd and 3rd generation devices . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poplsgbso6k&amp;feature=youtu.be all the new projects use the old design cause they are cheaper and no one is willing to invest and test new ideas , hence nuclear will be dead in the future in some countries that have alternatives . 
  whats the big deal with st george ? 
  he is an important ortodox saint as far as i know . 
  orthodox christian , we don ; t need those western heretics !, 
  cause she is a woman , and the guys has a problem with that ... sad . 
  yes , he couldnt get in romania cause of this ... 
  good job britain !, 
  this is non sense ... the british needed to get this out of their system so that we can move together in the future ... in the end it 's all for the future . 
   extend life expectancy , does n't really help us from a macro economic point of view , after a certain age the marginal cost attributed to one extra year of life is costing more and more the system . 
  you may have a slower decline in population but that also means that you will shift the burden of an older population to a shrinking youth base . 
  it 's all about proportions of demographics . 
  if you manage increase life expectancy in your country than you need a higher birth rate boost in order to compensate the shift in demographics . 
  you can get the pie bigger of smaller , but the important thing is to have constant proportions . 
  again this is purely economic perspective and has nothing to do with the social perspective which has its own amendments to any long term demographics strategy . 
  if you want to start a discussion about immigration this should be a decent place to start : [ nyt opinion piece - the immigration debate we need ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/6c3bsi/the_immigration_debate_we_need/ ), 
  romania 28  ) muhahah exactly my age ^ ^, 
  time to choose : dogs or dolphins ... not an easy choice i recon ... 
  made my day  ) ) ), 
  if only the money stayed in britain instead of funding lazy ee and se ... 
  on a geographic framework not a nationalist one . 
  benelux could technically have it 's own combined welfare system if they wanted to ... 
  there is no good nationalism if you are referring to the ideology . 
  nationalism is just an advanced form of tribalism . 
  we know it 's bad cause we 've seen it unfold in our history so many times . 
  meaning we had a taste of it , we know how the ideology defines its parameters , and the usual socio economic policies that accompanies it . 
  the form nationalism takes is a not mystery to us , it 's just relieved history . 
  the only differences are context and nuances . 
  nationalism is a self defined ideological construct , this is why it has a bad connotation . 
  depends on the language : patriod has a good connotation , nationalist has a bad connotation . 
  yes but there are other friendlier alternatives to microsoft , one of them is android for day to day use . 
  for office and for other specialized white collar work there is apple . 
  for telecom and servers we have linux . 
  industrial usually uses their own oses or lol win xp  ) . 
  it 's one of the last things he gets off these days ... 
  it wo n't matter in the future , the commission is changing how profits are payed and distributed in between eu members , so it will be irrelevant what countries like ireland , luxembourg or the netherlands will do . 
  ofc as long as they do n't fk up competition inside their national borders . 
  if thy want to tax apple 1 % , no biggie , but they should propose the same offer to all the companies operating there ( eu companies , irish companies , other non eu entities etc ) . 
  ireland still has very low corporate taxes . 
  also in the future it wo n't matter since the commission is developing a new system of double taxation avoidance for the eu where it doest matter where one exits it 's money , depending on the money source each country will get its share . 
  ireland can keep its loopholes but it will only tax a small fraction of the money funneled through its jurisdiction . 
  the discussion here is more complex and it 's not about the future but about the past as well as taxing the money from the us market ( also fueled through ireland ) before the us changes its fiscal policy and starts going after all the money stashed abroad and not repatriated ( read money as profits ) . 
  yes they should threaten with article 50 if brussels continues its bullying ... / s, 
  saying that ireland 's only competitive advantage is tax shield and the country will be doomed being or aspiring to be something else , it 's like saying that rom\u00e2nia 's only future is wage dumping and living in a permanent state of relative poverty . 
  not my kind of logic kido . 
  but what if the mother is an animal ... how do they reconcile with that ? ... 
  it 's still from animal origin ... 
  if u know what i mean ... 
  with such a consistent economic growth quarter after quarter no wander our education system has so high standards . 
  yes but remember that this protectionism you are damning is the one that gave a decent amount of pennies and competitive advantages to many of your local farmers ... there are always unintended consequences ... london might be thriving on services and unique skill sets but the rest of the country operates on other variables ... 
  because they are companies , registered in europe with vies registration that file tax returns inside the eu . 
  for example , everytime big companies merge at a global level , they have to check in each country they operate that they are eligible for the merge . 
  is not unknown that in some cases big companies had to sell some of their assets/brands in order for their market share to drop and to be eligible for the merge ... on another matter , one of the possible backlashes towards globalization could be an anti trust * crusade * in the next decade ... 
  i do n't think those amendments would have passed in most eu countries . 
  it 's irrelevant from where you import . 
  either it 's from spain or maroco , it hardly matters . 
  you will import from whichever country is cheaper . 
  so ... as long as european products and services are price competitive you will trade with he eu . 
  you could put tariffs on eu just for the love of tariffs , but tariffs are used mostly to protect a local capability , otherwise it is just a form of soft embargo and it may send the wrong message . 
  you made me cry ... : *, 
  robots not gon na replace nurses very soon and social workers my friends ... 
  in romania the rural drunksmen are the most optimistic and happy people you would ever meet , since most of their needs are state funded ... 
  wtf did i just see ... 
  so is it causality or just correlation ? 
  not on my carpet bro !, 
  no one said that the us was against it , just that is the diplomatic procedure . 
  was about time ... these ceos just do n't have a care in the world and everything for them is a utilitarian game , when as worst case they have to settle , but the music does n't stop ... most that can happen usually is that they are relieved with a departure bonus !, 
  and the company pays for everything . 
  yes ... it was an article on the telegraph this week about it so i am not sure how accurate they wan na be about this issue . 
  anyway i put a bit of salt in my comment  . 
  same product , similar pricing , different ingredients ... 
  did n't you hear ... now they are a 25 % minority and loosing support by the day ... 
  we are not talking about services , and the index you sent also includes local goods . 
  we are talking mainly about imports . 
  well on the other hand germany can interpret this as paying back the community  ) a bit of csr would n't bite :p, 
  what would happen if some us gang bangers would go and do drive by in the american spirit  ), 
  epic news ... guess i have to stop slaking off and finish the games !, 
  well i did n't think it through about the fact that naval planes are variants of the land versions , but i never implied that germans should operate the italian carrier just to `` rent it '' and bring up the equipment and specialized personnel they need in order to continue their mission in the area . 
  is n't this a repost ? 
  tbh it makes sense , if everyone was doing it a way or another : either we absolve everyone or we punish everyone ... 
  this is a touchy subject i ca n't tell what was happened in other countries but in romania it is pretty much clear . 
  after the revolution , when finally western companies had access to our market , they had to adapt cause our purchase power was low so either if they imported directly or bought production centers locally they adapted their products to our purchase power and quality knowledge . 
  that made sense cause the price was also romanian ( with some exceptions for some premium very expensive products ) . 
  but over the years as prices for goods increased and matched more or less western levels , lower quality became higher margins . 
  it 's not all their fault of course , since the consumer plays an important part as well as the lack of local alternative that would have the capital and marketing know how to go toe to toe with the western giants . 
  what they do is not illegal since they indeed label correctly their products , but it is immoral that at a similar price you sell to your western market one product and another one of lower quality to your eastern counterpart . 
  i mean they would do the same shit to the western market if they could but there is also another baseline for consumer acceptance , a higher disposable income for the premium alternative and more local alternatives whose only competitive advantage with the giants is their quality . 
  basically a lot of market force that the east lacks and it will take a lot of time for them to develop . 
  also the eu is not that eager to handle this hot potato , one because it is a very subjective matter and it is very hard to draw a line and also because this will increase the operational cost of products for everyone and prices will have to increase both for the west and east ( cause of the way manufacturing works and the fact that it is very costly to offer consistent quality especially in the food industry where you have so many variables - for example some brands send their lower quality batches of product to the hypermarket on private label and mostly breakeven on those batches , but at least what is a pg or a nestle or a milka labeled is top quality ) . 
  damn sucks ... 
  germany should just use italian carrier as a base in the east mediterranean and fk erdogan  ) . 
  also was n't there cyprus naval base who was commission to the russians and was a big fuss about it . 
  guess it would make sense if the eu would rent the base permanently or at least till this conflict is over . 
  and who drink the same vodka and eat the same sausage as us  ), 
  perfect !, 
  that is the way to go !, 
  nop , the f22 are , and i think the superhornets were also designed with this in mind . 
  yes the drama and rip off is happening mostly in the us . 
  well all big european countries have export areas from agro to equipment and high tech and services . 
  as for germany its backbone is ee , where the cheap supply chain lays .
