ofc he was in top 10 news i think few months ago . 
  we have the wojtek , the only bear we need in europe , 
  and they say so nasty stuff about greece ... shame on them !, 
  yes for centrist ( both l and r ) , ultra nationalism is seen a retrograde reaction that stands in the way of progress . 
  and although it started with muslim immigrants it can go towards anyone since any scrupulous leader can manipulate the masses towards anyone , even fellow europeans . 
  in the end is just miss directed hatred . 
  why this accumulation of emotion happens in the masses to begin with i have no idea tbh , not an anthropologist . 
  cause ultra nationalism is seen a retrograde reaction that stands in the way of progress . 
  and although it started with muslim immigrants it can go towards anyone a scrupulous leader can manipulate the masses towards anyone , even fellow europeans . 
  in the end is just miss directed hatred . 
  why this accumulation of emotion happens in the masses to begin with i have no idea tbh , not an anthropologist . 
  guys the thing is simple , russia is a threat to europe while sa is not and we do n't care . 
  russia is too powerful to ignore , sa can be made a wasteland in 1 week is our military wanted that ( just though conventional means ) . 
  for better or worse sa is still collaborating with us . 
  so yeah it 's the double standard , but it 's real politik . 
  good for spain , hope they put those money to good use for the spanish people !, 
  who proposed her ? 
  wtf romania !!!!, 
  yuri on fking ice !, 
  u deserve your pitiful fate !, 
  so what ? 
  they have reserves . 
  even better !, 
  is there an audio version ... 
  seven would make it clearer i recon ... 
  how does this work ? 
  i borrow a book for 7 days let 's say . 
  what does that mean ? 
  that during those 7 days if another person wants to borrow the same book it will be unavailable ? 
  also if i can download it , how can you borrow it just for 7 days , you have access to it for ever ?!, 
  do n't get it how it is supposed to work . 
  and its also money for the polish and baltics farmers who are banned from exporting their products in russia , and it also money for the german companies that had to stop contracts with russia , as it was a huge fking deal of money for the french not to sell those assault ships to russia . 
  but even so , given the pressure , they still committed to the sanctions . 
   like when france sides ( sided ) morocco against spanish interests . 
  this is your beef with shitty france but you should have rose this issue when the anti russia campaign was getting prepared . 
  you should have said from the beginning that spain is neutral to this since it feels betrayed by its allies . 
  but acting like you did only showed that our unity is just for show , and you can not trust anybody , which is worse . 
   is that the reason why rt is banned here ? 
  rt is banned here cause probably 80 % of it is bat shit propaganda . 
  the problem with russia which you victimize here every 3 words is the fact that they have been at war with the western world for a long period . 
  it is the propaganda war . 
  everyone wants to sell his shit for power and influence . 
  the problem with russia i that they lost the propaganda war in ukraine and they retaliate with guns . 
  if this is justifiable to you do you agree that if putin wins the propaganda wars in italy and france , should the rest start bombing russia out of frustration ? 
  spanish passive aggressive stance is shit . 
  if you are bothered by smth stand straight and say it !, 
  but do n't give me shit like : russians are banned from fueling in malaga but they can in cueta , cause you know we are frustrated with nato but we do n't have the courage to speak our minds . 
  this is why as soon as the 1st article hit the printer your government shit its pants and denied the russians access . 
  i am not saying that you are not entitled to protest , its your right and its well substantiated in this case . 
  the problem is the way you do it . 
  we collectively agreed we will show russia the middle finger ? 
  well stick to it !, 
  or just refuse it , but do n't play both sides as u see fit . 
  arguments like cueta gets a exempt from the agreement cause it 's not under nato umbrella are just a no brainier , cause this is more than nato and more than a small city port . 
  again with this shit ... 
  yes said that above . 
  not that keen on guns . 
  i think that people who wan na come to the range and learn to handle a gun is ok , under supervision , and free of charge . 
  consider it as a way to blow some steam off . 
  but giving a larger % of the population access to personal fire arms is a different story and a slippery slope , russians or no russians . 
  if shit were to hit the fans the army and police would have enough stocks to arm the population in a 48h window . 
  and you are ? 
  not a bad idea tbh , not sure if it will help against t50s and t90s , but it can sure come in handy against the local pervs , 
  now that 's an awkward title ... 
  lol ... they are crazy : /, 
  i think it 's the russians ... 
  i think it 's the russians ... 
  yep and in france i am afraid that they will have to choose in between sarkozy and le pen ... 
  it 's not just them ... there are a lot of elections where euroskeptics pose real dangerous . 
  in romania for example we have the corrupt parties that have started the euro skepticism trend because most of the anti corruption effort has heavily sustain from brussels and washington . 
  we will see how smart are our people soon enough ... :(, 
  also it is not the 1st time this happened . 
  so people are ok with this because this is their system . 
  or not ... she lost cause she was hillary ... 
  yep this is why i mentioned the judge has to be in a higher position . 
  on the other hand in romania for a time 100k was the bribe to become a judge . 
  not sure how thinks are right now though . 
  from what i talked with some american friends , democrats lost because they were under the influence of clinton and the party did n't do almost anything to bring alternative to the table . 
  sanders , who i think might have won this election , was mocked by his own peers . 
  republicans for better or worse had a lot of candidates , not saying they were great choices , maybe this was the best they could offer in 2016 , but at least they had more cards on the table ... 
  you never know , it can go either way . 
  but in principle gerrymandering is a real issue that no one seems to interested to address , although alternative that are mathematically sound exits . 
  yep seen better . 
  depends , bribes that matter start from 100.000 euros , enough to get a 2y second hand porsche . 
  but usually you have at at least the 1st appeal court . 
  this man knows his shit !, 
  what ?!!, 
  it was according to 1500s standards . 
  death by decapitation , impalement , hang etc. 
  fair enough :d, 
  otherwise they would have been impaled . 
  art has nothing to do with politics . 
  uplifting yes . 
  russian classic music has indeed its merits . 
  yes fair point  tbh i am happy for the future commander in couch , after 8 long years he can go full popcorn mode :p, 
  seriously , although it 's america and we are in the 21th century is there a possibility , i case he derails from sanity , that he would end up assassinated ? 
  tbh , regarding the eu army , britain should be part of it , with brexit or no brexit , at least in the sense of common strategy and cooperation . 
  this is protocol and there is n't any reason ( yet ) why it should n't be respected . 
  hope you are right , american politics still has some savvy people in its ranks . 
  just hope they have a saying .
