  glad to see my serbros have the umor force stronk !, 
  usually if the bank recovers than the state should get its bucks back . 
  when they buy they buy at a lowest point . 
  yep this is also one of the reason , romanian politicians have also become skeptical of the euro and are postponing the date to adhere . 
  probably other specialized vessels . 
  i am not sure but i think nowadays the navy is the most vulnerable military asset . 
  it so easy to be found and targeted both by air and land . 
  also 1 torpedo can sink 5-10 billions ... 
  i think the problem of the issue is that border patrol comes into each ones jurisdiction . 
  but i think that given the global interests either to protect or break the border it should be under the control of supra state . 
  and it 's not about money it is about human resource and character . 
  by faaar !, 
  imagine germany loosing all its supply chain . 
  considering the economic integration of economic interests from west to east , i personally would n't question political commitment to help . 
  they are buying their shares . 
  yes this is what happened usually . 
  the state bought shares . 
  - bringing back dirty jobs to our people - fish out the fuck out of france, 
  i think those nuclear plant masterminds should just skip all formalities , hire some hookers , pay them as interns and fk all day ... 
  ok we just voted to invade russia, 
  basically is the result of a scientific research . 
  the way i understand the decision is this : if something bad happens after vaccination than the court accepts ** the presumption of correlation to be valid ** unless proven otherwise . 
  this is to make sure that such a claim is not unvalidated from the start and the person presenting the claim has a chance to present a case . 
  in the end the company will provide evidence and will debunk the claim by scientific evidence of their own . 
  it wo n't be easy for companies . 
  on the other hand we will have 2 path either companies will try to fine tune better their vaccines so that side effects ( which exists , but ofc are not autism etc conspiracy theories ) or they will stop developing vaccines which already are the most unlucrative business segment in their portfolio . 
  for us , anyway just cause you canadians do n't feel right about being part of the same nation , does n't mean we europeans feel the same . 
  late night trolling ... 
   democracy because those agreements were based on the optimism that we would follow the western democratic model . 
  and neither does the globe in the article bellow ... :p, 
  never said that we is not entitled to raise its voice considering the undemocratic shit it is happening in ee . 
  no we prefer our way without guns . 
  if someone has a gun than he is probably a perp and it will be caught very fast by the authorities . 
  but they need guns to protect themselves from the blacks ... / s, 
  the fanco germans might use the bad cop good cop strategy . 
  like i said , the problems are others the migrant thing is just a pretext to pick upon the ee . 
  we will extract fossils as long as it will be economically viable and there will be a demand . 
  whenever there is a gay scene in a movie even light , do you have also the ewww reaction ? 
  stupid or not it is real . 
  in romania we start from the hypothesis that romanian has no value outside our country hence the education system tried to empathize on at least a foreign language . 
  also for some reason italian and spanish comes natural for us even without having prior education , hence people moved there by the millions although economically the north would have been the better choice . 
  the way i see it we kinda need to buy those f35 , while investing in our gen5 + or even 6 plane in the 2020 - 2040 period . 
  i am not sure if saab and/or dassault can supply the air superiority variants for their rafale and gripen for the time being . 
  also buying f35 from italy is not such a bad economic decision for eu as a whole ... 
  i see gold ... 
  i said that generally immigration policy was the pretext against how autocratic parties are behaving in their respective countries . 
  psd is one of them . 
  in our case they do n't have this pretext yet but the commission will find smth else if psd continues their march against judiciary branch . 
  did you read my comment ? 
  this is not the problem here . 
  the problem is that main labor lows are not followed . 
  it depends as it is their choice . 
  if you only gon na work less than 1 y on a project in france it does n't worth the hassle . 
  you just send a convention for the avoidance of double taxation and ofc your company should do the paper work in order to declare you money back home and pay for the other taxes . 
  i think the pols took too casually the concept of friendly armed exercises . 
  we sure love our beaver ... : , 
  it ca n't work because of 2 things : social downgrade and language barrier . 
  theoretically yes people will go there where jobs are available , but because of how our social standards work `` i as a french , italian , german prefer to stay home and live by the state than move to romania '' for example where he would get less money nominally but maybe a better standard of life , and also he does n't know romanian ... 
  they ca n't be the only ones but it seems they have mastered this technique . 
  everyone spies everyone ... the idea is to not get publicly caught . 
  you cauterize the wound . 
  the problem with orban , pis , psd ( romania ) is not just the immigration policy . 
  that is the only pretext atm that can be used . 
  them problem is the autocratic tendencies to control every branch of society from justice to press . 
  if the only problem with ee would be migrants policy we would have had compromise long time ago . 
  the ee defiance is used as a pretext for the other scary shits that are happening in these societies . 
  yes but the way it is used has to do more with tribalism than with what is moral to do or not . 
  yes and the opposite should also be possible without question . 
  but everyone party wants to use this as political leverage . 
  if they could terrorist would blow the shit out of main italian cities like rome and milan ... 
  when was the last time high management got a life sentence in america ? 
   do you really think those guys wo n't buy the best defense money can buy ? 
  depends on the town . 
  for example in severin all are paying minimum wage + meal tickets as far as i know . 
  in bucharest all are paying more . 
  but this is the labor market , why the fuck should i pay you more unless i am forced to by different factors ?!!!, 
  this is a business not a social circus !, 
  yes but if they would be employed by french based companies they would probably contribute to the french economy and social systems as well . 
  fully agree . 
  last time i checked hypermarkets are usually making a good profit and they are paying their 16 % as far as i recall . 
  also cashier and other bottom workers from western hypermarkets are also paid kinda close to the mw just like in our countries ... it 's not like they are the middle class or smth . 
  not per worker . 
  if a company supplies more than 350-500h lets say in a specific foreign fiscal jurisdiction it should declare a permanent subsidiary there and all posted worker contracts should be considered as temporary individual labor contract form a fiscal point of view . 
  you should know that for most things the productivity is the same from a labor point of view . 
  the problem is how much ee charges for comparable services , and the fact that labor productivity is not backed up by modern asset productivity due to the lack of capital . 
  also there is lack of infrastructure that also negatively adjusts labor productivity , bureaucracy also affects productivity and a poor education does n't help either . 
  so it will take a while . 
  meaning it 's all about money . 
  you cherry pick what you need and you only pay for that . 
  yes , what i said . 
  but it 's a power war between murica and europe . 
  yes , fair point of view . 
  thought '' : '' were enough to point that way , 
  i am referring to german protectionism . 
  still do n't agree . 
  those fkers knew what they were doing and they should be prosecuted tot he full extent of the law . 
  if there is no precedent , no one will care and high management will continue in illegal practices cause even if they are caught the repercussions are minimal . 
  which is not the case . 
  america is not one of the fking examples you just threw and the crime itself is not some backwards crappy shit . 
  if american high management would fk up smth big in europe and face criminal prosecution in germany we would fking scream the same to be prosecuted here .
