  so my guess is that something triggered after the referendum in the collective mind , maybe people always had a bad impression about them and just wanted to keep the appearances , but now they feel empowered to act , they have a collective approval ... . not sure . 
  kinda a lot : / it may be countered by a lower trade deficit or even a positive one if the pound continues to the bottom of the ocean ... 
  give big thx to the usa, 
  anyway uk also exports high value added goods and services . 
  remember that what is important is the net trade deficit . 
  cause if i buy some sub-components , use them to make a new good and export it for a way larger value than its imported input than u get real growth . 
  the problem is if the uk ca n't balance its net trade deficit cause on the long run it will catch up to you ... 
  yes always sunny in bucharest , 
  well there will always be hard since money grow at an exponential rate . 
  and the more money you have the more opportunities you have and so on . 
  poor people do n't have money to invest and get a roi they only have labor for which they are remunerated . 
  rich people have both labor capacity and capital so it 's easier for them to get better roi . 
  some rich persons yes may loose their fortunes , happens from time to time , but usually that fortune is not redistributed to the poor ( better read as base of the pyramid ) but just consolidated in another rich man 's portfolio ( most times at pennies for a dollar ) and so on . 
  somehow similar is the life of the company . 
  if it manages to be successful there is a high chance it will be bought at a premium by one of the existing wales , hence consolidation . 
  you may say that the person got a big paycheck , but that person by giving up its company lost traction , momentum and it will take a while till it manages to create something as successful again , if he will still have the energy to start over of course . 
  if national federation would have the balls they would just boycot participating higher than the groups . 
  yeah and the balls will just be blown away by the wind  ) . 
  interesting auto goal possibility :d, 
  the problem in romania is that the local producers are unable to associate due to both their mentality and lack of aptitude / know-how . 
  during the 50 years of communism they were forced to give their land and associate on working it , but only getting marginal revenues from their work . 
  this is why after the revolution , instead of transforming the state organized associations into private ones they just destroyed all the infrastructure ( practically stole brick by brick ) . 
  basically their generation is fundamentally bound against ever associating . 
  and usually if they try there is always someone who either back stabs the rest or tries to steal from the association ( cause during the communism regime this is what people did , everyone stole from the association - basically it was a mechanism of the communism regime to let the tension blow , probably , as people had the impression they were still somehow in control ) . 
  and now people are still doing what they were thought to do ... 
  in my sad opinion chances to get over this bottleneck are slim during this generation . 
  maybe as some local people or investors manage to get a hold on land resources so that they will be able to meet big hypermarkets demands in terms of quality and volume . 
  yes but the ideea is to make it locally bound and not only from one state . 
  for example if the law would be applied in metz ( fr ) they should get 51 % of their productzs from the vicinity of the 4 state area ( fr , gr , blg , lux ) . 
  this interpretation might be able to circumvent brussels laws . 
  anyway considering the purpose of this law , it still useless and it will only harm further business and consumers . 
  still not decided yet , 
  do n't get so defensive mate already explained the my confusion in another post . 
  do n't get so defensive mate . 
  it was my point exactly and i was sarcastic to the author . 
  cause as he pointed out irland 's only competitive advantage is its taxes . 
  you got me confused as by both sides i understood both rebels and assad forces . 
  well they are anti assad and anti isis . 
  they were from the start , just did n't consider it was optimal to try fking off asad as they did with saddam . 
  diesel can be messy to detect from what i know . 
  i think he wants to check on his investment , lepain , up close . 
  explain in detail pls, 
  hmm is it ok to presume that ireland is not good at anything else than helping big corps optimize their taxes ? 
  hope just winter and not n. ... winter ... . 
  not sure how to read that 40 number : / 40 approval rate ? 
  kinda high ... 
  it was a standard war by proxy in the beginning , but for the last year when everyone started acting actively on the bf , things went chaotic ... 
  but roads kinda suck in the town ... 
  why is russia so popular ? 
  i 'd expect it to be much much lower ? 
  i think for both sides brexit has become a taboo discussion . 
  true , but prepare for the downvotes ... 
  nop sorry no tugboat , but we have several modified fising vessels  ), 
  indeed , and now that i saw it , all be forever mesmerized . 
  hmm things are very very complicated in the syrian battle royale ... 
  good !, 
  german export stronk !, 
  romanian companies making german parts going stronk also !, 
  you still do although they are starting to fear dna . 
  well next time you hear russians planes fly over helsinki send me a pm . 
  might still be around ... an appropriate response would be sending an escorting squad with on board air to air capabilities ( i remember that britain did the same when bombarding syria ) to keep them in line . 
  if finland thinks they can not handle this , they can ask support . 
  i am sure nato hq would be eager to make a mixt air patrol unit . 
  also the only reason turkey has to lick putin 's ass was because turkey turned its back to europe . 
  although no one wanted an escalation , from what i saw everyone backed up turkey after the incident . 
  the mess that erdogan did after the coup was the reason things turned the way they did , otherwise turkey would n't need putin as it needs it now . 
  no ... some of them are with private funds . 
  the oc gets around 100 mil / year from central budget for which it should provide free services to the population , which it does n't ofc . 
  and also locally some barons ( local governors , mayors ) depending on their relationship with the clergy do random donation under the umbrella of cultural and religious spendings , basically financing religious events or in other cases with the vote of the local council just donate the money for certain projects . 
  so far there are no signs of money kickbacks in these cases , just cleric support during elections . 
  nop i was referring to the only important deed , shut the plane down . 
  this is the only way to communicate with bullies to my knowledge . 
  what turkey did afterwards was in another context and has to do more with the fact that erdogan has lost reason ... 
  small , but the level of stupidity is overboard ... 
  finland should learn from turkey ... 
  the ai thinks the pound is toxic ?!, 
  now that 's an irony  ), 
  touche !, 
  in romania there is no orthodox church , in romania we have the godporation . 
  so live with it !, 
  well ... actually ... we have to ... 
  no , just stupid and corrupt people . 
  some where but 1000s have been constructed since 1990 . also there is a small town / village with [ 28 churches !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfwe3sh2axu ), 
  well the godporation has to save its own employees in case shit hits the fan ... 
  make europe great again !, 
  aren \\ t we doing the same since most eu leaders say out loud how worry they are about a trump presidency ? 
  how is this any different ? 
  for things to be still ok we need at least 1 side to be sane ... and since they fear trump might actually win , if trump likes win around in europe and start making fences or try to exploit their partners for own benefit , what will happen to both nato and eu ? 
  this going back to nationalistic and superiority propaganda gets me worried for the future ... the way i see it we heading back to wars ... 
  cause in their hearts they know they belong to us , but are just too proud to admit it , hence the lingering of so many brits on r.europe, 
  oh yes !!!!, 
  let it oxidize !!, 
  well from what i read the economy says that they have shortages in some fields , especially in high skills areas , but normal folks want companies to beg them to join them instead , so fk immigration . 
  anyway some of my friends are starting to coming back cause they can stand the humiliation anymore . 
  people are just picking on them cause they are not english , very rude and verbally violent as if they were plagued . 
  only demand induced deflation the only one that matters ... a decrease in consume . 
  not sure people deal well with that and neither does the economy . 
  a decrease in purchase power will mostly kill local economy ... also u may get deflation ... which is the big bad wolf for capitalism ... 
   lower wages they are not that high in the 1st place ... where to go lower ?
