  cool if we like them maybe we will buy also some of those , 
  i am not talking in general , i am talking about specific substances which are mostly synthetic chemicals . 
  economically there is no point for it anymore like it used to from what i read and people 's transition affects more productivity than it helps . 
  this is really sad ... guess is better to let people have cancer and spend millions on the process of curing them , then prevent the factors that favor the mutations ... what if some products wo n't be as tasty or resist for a much ... the way i see it we do n't have the discipline to maintain a proper diet even it 's slowly poisoning us ... hence laws must be draft ... even if not so popular on the short term ... 
  yeah same in bucharest , 8-9h a week lost on the metro from home to work and back . 
  u tell me  ) check my flag, 
  fair enough i respect that . 
  but using argument like the ports are not nato jurisdiction , so you can ethically help the russians does n't stick . 
  you help the russians cause you have a message for the other nato allies . 
  please . 
  if spain would be attacked allies would come to help even without art 5 ... if people would need to wait for article 5 then all ee would be conquered before they rang the bell at hq ... this is about solidarity , do n't you think that some countries would not want the sanctions to be lifted ? 
  well yeah , but they still respect them out of solidarity ... 
  ok then admit that spain wanted to slap nato and get over it , do n't use useless arguments like the ports are not a nato jurisdiction . 
  the question is how much money did the spanish government do out of this refuel ( port taxes , fuel , etc ) ? 
  irrelevant . 
  who gave the ok for the russians to coast ? 
  but is it a spanish port ? 
  probably yes , france would side with maroc and uk would side with ... oh well gibraltar ...  ), 
  if someone would attack spanish territories or spanish assets yes . 
  mostly because they did n't cultivate it ... it 's like trying to win the lottery without ever buying a ticket , 
  as long as they are done by anyone else than the usa ... i recon ... : /, 
  my thoughts exactly , is justice is not deliver through the proper modern ways , the courts , then the tension will just loosen through other means ... 
  as much as i am fond of the french language english should remain . 
  native speakers is irrelevant since english whether we like it or not is the most known language on earth ... 
  if french wants to take its place it should culturally earn it and not being imposed . 
  figures , we 've been trying for a long time now ... hoping for pointers ... seem no luck either ... 
  how is the `` integration '' process ? 
  why have rou vs cnd , basically a prop fight , we can get the real deal from gr vs trk, 
  if their fast track is not in consensus with eu regulations then eu can even infringe the uk for not respecting the treaties . 
  yep baba yetu was smth else , 
  probably but the one i replied to implied that it was guaranteed for internet . 
  yes but most funding and know how is condensed in a single area : security - defense . 
  while other big countries think usa , japan , china focus their money on so many fields . 
  dont worry australia in several hundred millions years we will back together ... 
  not quite , i have fiber optic and from it i can get everything both tv and internet although i only use the tv . 
  probably from highly seeded torrents ? 
  while we pay for everything ... dont forget . 
  your education was payed by you parents sort off ... 
  what fking distraction can a girl be !!!!, 
  if u ca n't hold your pants cause a gal in 2 feet away from you , you are a fking moron with psychological issues and no segregation will cure that . 
  hmm those bi vids seem not to work for me : ? 
  yes there is a lot we do n't understand to why some people are attracted to the same sex rather than the opposite sex . 
  and what about the bisexuals , how do they fit in the big picture ? 
  a lot of people view homosexuality as a ` disease ' , a biological mechanism going haywire , so although they accept and respect gay people as part of the society and do n't hold some stupid darkage grudge against them they do n't want to see homo/hetero - sexuality as a choice ( there was also some an article this month where i think someone from the clergy urged to not present it as a choice in schools - only saw the title did n't go over details ) . 
  hence they do n't want to enforce anything that would add homo the norm even in the social construct that is the family . 
  some may argue that homosexual behavior in some rare occasion can be learnt even if there is no bio chemical reaction to enforce it ( although i personally think that there must be some biological inclination otherwise by this rationalization there would n't be any homosexuals tbw ) , meaning that the brain would adapt to a social stimuli rather than a genetic command . 
  basically if you put same individual grow in a hetero environment he would develop hetero tendencies , and if he would grow in a homo environment he would develop homo tendencies . 
  ofc this is mostly a philosophical debate as there is no empirical data ( and it would never be , it is impossible to conduct such a study anyway ) . 
  there is debate given the advances in genetics and genome decoding , that in 50 - 100 years ( given we do n't get fked up by another world war ) , we would be able to determine from birth ( and correct ) the genes that determine these tendencies . 
  so the question arise would be moral to correct homosexuality ? 
  and if so ... what if there would be opposition from homosexuals ... ? 
  or if somehow we emancipate from the dark age and homo / hetero status becomes irrelevant would it be moral for homosexual couple that their kid be the same ? 
  or will sexual tendency become a cultural thing behind which people would shield and bond maybe as powerful as ethnicity or religion ? 
  grab 'em by the winny ? 
  this is why we are happy they are still in the eu !, 
  we are proud of you greece !, 
  bring your good practices towards the rest of eu !, 
   but they still oppose other matters that are not yet legal in france ( a gay couple having a child using artificial insemination ) . 
  i can see why that might be the case . 
  still a good joke !, 
  weird , my top search for romania is poor also ... 
  no u do n't it will just become black snow in 2-3 days ... 
  yep the common cold we get 2-3 times a year , 
  or he will just become a modern martyr ... 
  rhinoviruse to be more precise , 
  lies !, 
  the banking system will abandon the eu , and stick with the adored uk . 
  i like the classy old school delta force games presentation, 
  the way i see it canada wants to be the trade hub of the 2 economic hubs eu and nafta , just like ukrained hoped to gain access to the hubs in 2014 ( i think ) by being part both of the eu market and russian commercial union or whatever it was called . 
  it 's very hard tbh , because you make the final product in canada although its components are from elsewhere . 
  it 's very hard to check that the sub components were canadian . 
  i think what he wants to say is that canada by being part of both economic blocks , eu and nafta , will be a hub for both products . 
  since neither party can block canadian goods , cause of the free market flow principle , us goods will pour untaxed in the eu and eu goods will pour untaxed in the us , all as canadian goods . 
  basically for it to be a true market with no problems , eu+nafta should integrate into an unique megamarket . 
  yes !, 
  as wojtek the bear !, 
  even in real life , atm many drivers steer right or left to avoid a pedestrian or an obstacle even if they end up in a tree or in a ditch on the side of the road , or even in someone 's else house killing them . 
  it 's reflex , the 1st thing that comes to might is to avoid killing , and not having proper time to rationalize other possibilities . 
  when you say butter i do n't know what too choose cause they are around 20 brands in each store and i have to random pick every time  ), 
  i might be wrong but may seems a bit biased in this brexit process ? 
  why is that given that she was a remain supporter to begin with ... 
  imagine erdogan , if kurds want to unite all kurdish regions , no problem , turkey will help , we will integrate those regions in the new great turkey where kurds are united  ), 
  dog *, 
  the eu is stupid then . 
  we get hundred thousands from africa with no visa or papers whatsoever , which we hardly integrate , but we would ask visa for british people who are the same as us - 99,99 % and are mostly qualified for the jobs they apply , just so we can measure our dicks with boris . 
  there are other ways to make them cry economically ... 
  hope it is not the case . 
  i strongly believe that the eu would benefit from british migration . 
  no , i consider that no matter how uk would limit the free movement after brexit , the eu should not act in the same manner , use other means if they consider appropriate . 
  uk immigrants , if any , will bring mostly benefits . 
  don \\ t worry love , even after hard brexit , british will still have the right of free movement in europe . 
  they can but being efta is not without obligation . 
  freedom of movement being one of them . 
  individually they are as good as any of us , but collectively nop , they are not ... 
  individually they are as good as any of us , but collectively nop , they are not ... 
  so what is the protocol for these areas . 
  i mean you ca n't let them forever like this . 
  they will slowly develop into even more infamous places ... 
  i have some friends who are in the uk and work there , some for more than 5 years . 
  they told me that recently a lot of people started treating them really badly , either by slandering or just by acting rude towards them and sometimes coming from people who were previously at worse neutral .
