  yes but this braindrain has also caped the potential growth . 
  in romania for example companies are ditching contract cause they don ; t have the human resources to carry them out . 
  no one in questioning chlorination process but the pattern of farming behavior that chlorination usage brings with it . 
  yes thank you for the link . 
  they do n't care , they are libertarians ( by they a lot of the uk guys who swarm around this sub ) they want cheaper product and local producers will have to change their business model since the * ordinary citizens * are not ok to subsidize their industry if it is not competitive enough . 
  an example has to be made . 
  this trend in ee can not continue . 
  if they ignore poland then romania and hungary have can not escape the same fate of authoritarianism . 
  ah those pesky terrorist !, 
  taking proper cheese as hostage !, 
  otherwise horse meat is great and healthy but it is culturally incompatible with europeans . 
  it 's just like whipped cream . 
  the same principle . 
  and you did n't set fire to that god forsaken place ? 
  and anyway if it 's not matured cheese , and its salted fresh cheese , normal cheese kept in water with salt , it is not problem if it is stored in cans for distribution . 
  the moment they import those in france it 's time to start a new fking revolution !, 
  i saw the flood from warsaw and they seem more than in bucharest ... 
  which were around 300k . 
  i saw the flood from warsaw and they seem more than in bucharest ... 
  which were around 300k . 
  yes but sa can pay , for ukraine is more of a donation . 
  in another news on / r/worldnews the russians are arming the talibans . 
  5 mil ? 
  yes  ) my thoughts exactly . 
  but it is true that the left jar would have less water even if the level would be the same in both jars . 
  old news, 
  yes the word : former should be put out there . 
  who knew life is sooo complicated ? 
  lets not put him on a pedestal yet ... he is from the same cloth but he chickened when he saw probably half a mil people on the streets ... and he still passed an important law that gives a lot of power to the government on the judiciary . 
  nr 1 corporate rule : never apologize , you were never at fault , do n't open yourself to liabilities . 
  admission of guilt is a ceo 's nightmare ... 
  why paper ? 
  he vetoed shit since he left an important law pass that would still guarantee them power over the judiciary in the foreseeable future ... 
  it has similar flag concept to romania 's, 
  sucks when wants meat harsh reality, 
   whether we grow lemons or pineapples here . 
  you grow fking apples :p, 
  and they are not already doing this because ? 
  yes very dangerous shit ... killed hundreds only in africa last month . . 
  yes on paper , but are you able to train your meat producers to become financial analysts so you can sell back services ? 
  cause if you do n't ... then what is the point ... you would just weaken your pound and the ability to buy other inputs you can not replicated and you will have extra angry mob on welfare ... 
  poland is increasing its lng capacity . 
  romania in principle has its own reserves it 's just a matter how to fk up omv plan to build a conduct from our future platform to bulgaria so that the gas can not be sold on the eu market . 
  the south will get turkish stream probably but it is still russian . 
  israel would want to export probably but they need access to syrian territorial waters which are also russian controlled , as they cyprus alternative is more expensive from what i read . 
  chainsaw ( 2017 ), 
  they do n't have enough sand in that country to make a real fence  ), 
  lol orban the protector ... he should better watch his own garden ... 
  same story several hundred km south east ... 
  there is a similar concept already in place in milan , which is to be exported in china . 
  i think they have already started the designing phase . 
  comparing to bucharest protests they are more and probably around half a mil ? 
  the goal is not macro economic , the goal is political ( military capacity ) and the macroeconomic consequences are just an effect . 
   a large-scale investment and an increase in size runs into the same problem the current bundeswehr already has - few people sign up and even fewer will be available in the future . 
  a real issue but the germans seem already having some initiative they are integrating other eu division under their chain of command . 
  ofc the official comment is that they are short therm project and it 's all about training and synergy but people should know better this is not the case and germany is starting their version of the french foreign legion . 
  another example is the rheinmetall group who is advancing in acquiring capabilities or starting joint venture projects in ee but mainly by the need of the ee to get fast access to advanced r & d with the blessing of the german government . 
  if german gov would take it serious to patch the bundeswehr shortcomings and projects would be given to the defense industry , then a lot of money would follow the supply chains in whole europe , but not only public money , private capital will also go this way since there would be the perspective of future roi . 
  it 's not about throwing money , it 's more about creating the right chain of events . 
  very good read . 
  i always had an educated guess that this is the problem with the trade surplus that is largely influenced by individual decisions and not by some sort of twisted berlin policy . 
  even the idea of public investment for the sake of investment is stupid ... why should i invest in a better road or a better school if the marginal roi is negative . 
  but i think there are some opportunities that may help germany solve some problems . 
  one would be its military capacity , which a lot underdeveloped relative to its gdp , the right message to its german industry could be the start if large scale investment . 
  just like the auto industry invested and acquired almost everything that moved in europe so it could be with defense industry . 
  also signals like that in which the germans were interested in f35 are good . 
  another important aspect for europe is energy . 
  germany may have it good since it seems they are getting their 2nd pipeline from the russians but others are upset by this . 
  germany could push more for a full operational and interconnected gas network thought europe from spain lng terminals and african pipelines to the black sea and the aegean . 
  atm it is proxied through the eu , well could put more skin in the game . 
  probably sabotage . 
  all his remarks are under his assumption that spacex is a scheme and it is loosing investors money on unrealistic promises . 
  he has made his mind long ago and since we do n't have factual evidence to prove him wrong then debating with him is pointless . 
  what ? 
  cc members are party members with a law degree ? 
  interesting opinion . 
  and romania does the same thing with a new initiative where the cc , already a political institution , can undo any definitive conviction done by the judicial system if it considers that that judicial decision was not constitutional ( before this was settled inside the judicial system itself , or higher up at cedo ) . 
  hehe the big companies like air france - klm , lufthansa , ba etc have to understand that they have been upgraded to premium class , and a lot of their traditional customers are migrating towards low cost companies . 
  interesting article , too bad it is not translated into english so it can debated properly . 
  it also helps with context to the tables , percentages and numbers . 
  those who still attend school ofc, 
  not cliche , but life experience in a balkanic country . 
  nationalism here is less about loving you country but more about local exceptionalism . 
  and the main problem with exceptionalism is that it loose a sense of reality and usually driven by propaganda it becomes smth ugly . 
  smth that needs to show off every moment and to be in anti thesis with everything else . 
  cause it comes at the expense of everything else especially rationality . 
  the welfare program is at fault for that . 
  the program that subsidizes rent bellow 500 skewed the market . 
  mergers never work . 
  only acquisition , one buys the other and does restructuring afterwards . 
  i would . 
  never again they say . 
  imagine a 10 % deficit lol, 
  and people are forgetting an important aspect , as the share of the ee economies increases in the union so will their relative contribution and their net gains from the unions in forms of cohesion funds will drop . 
  it will take a while like 20 - 30 years but it will happen . 
  anyway germany is a nice place to camp . 
  usually you look in the past since all things tend to be recurrent ... oooh ... this did n't go as well as it was intended . 
  one of my mba teachers showed us his us earned phd in philosophy , and it was all maths . 
  well i guess boys will be boys, 
  well i guess boys will be boys,
