  basically more than unilateral economic sanctions one country can not do and any other form of interventionism is a form of aggression . 
  the free world is they wanted to respect un rules and no consensus would be achieved at the council level , then they should have stay out of it entirely and let assad rap things really quickly with the help of the russians ( since they were invited military by a sovereign country ) . 
  is this the project that the chinese want to import and mass produce back home ? 
  i have nothing against this as long as my czech friends get some on discount , 
   it tries to force us to obliterate our lowered utility costs what do they mean ? 
   for it in italy 1200-1600 euro net monthly . 
  1600 net is considered a good salary . 
  kinda low ... more like below rome ... 
  they all * read it * and they say : better that they die in the mediterranean than for us to be forced to confront their existence among us ... sad but this is what i read from their comments . 
  i have another theory : the russians planed assad 's chemical attack just to test how the usa will react . 
  also both putin and trump need direct military confrontations in order to redirect the pressure at home . 
  ( this is not mine , it was from an opinion article i read recently ) . 
  rip :(, 
  i also believe the assad regime used chem weapons , but in un council as long as 1 member has a different opinion , no matter how unfounded ... the others ca n't do shit . 
  poking around is what russians have been doing with us for several years now . . 
  i know ... ve been there . 
  where comes the problem from ? 
  the education system ? 
   if he can `` fix '' the problems france has not sure anyone can ... 
  besides economic problems , there are cultural problems and no one knows how to address them and not fall in one of the extreme : a fascist approach or the tyranny of the political correctness . 
   why would assad have done this ? 
  see the bigger picture . 
  russia wants to see how the usa administration reacts . 
  if usa leaves russia do whatever they want there , next poking will be another offensive in ukraine and if that is also successful probably active diversive actions in the baltics or against the romania in the black sea . 
  there are other means to deploy those chemical attacks besides air strikes . 
  how can a un resolution pass since russia will veto it since it was the rebels who used the chemical weapons ... ? 
  during that period a lot of the landmarks were created by private funds . 
  wealthy people were more connected to community than nowadays . 
  the bad hombres ? 
  my fair question is ... ok but who do people want to kill ? 
  oh thank you kind sir !, 
  as long as you place it without sound yes !, 
  yes he speaks so fast can barely keep up  ), 
  about time ... 
  do n't know bro , i 'm a hard core federalist . 
  but for me as a romanian it 's an easy stance since i have everything to gain and almost nothing to loose . 
  but this is the rhetoric in many western countries ... people are fed up with us ... and nobody has a vaccine for this while most politicians are just hoping that this will pass as a teenage phase ... 
  u are putting in same basket the rational economic interests of the elites and the average joe ... the average joe has only to loose just cause he has to consider the ee or the se on equal footing with him ... his society is superior means he is superior ... and on his land the rule of blood should favor him since everyone are his guests . 
  they would have those privileges regardless cause they are from rich developed countries . 
  the eu brings nothing extra ... 
  but when he drinks it 's 105 !, 
  what is the story behind dark blue passports ? 
  yes ... mainly cause of national rhetoric back home where governments use the eu as a scapegoat and also as a mean to bypass national legislative process . 
  why debate and argue with your opposition when you can arrange everything at brussels with experts so that it comes as a eu directive ... 
  for you , but for the dutch or the french this means nothing cause they will never need these rights ... 
  they will w8 a couple of years and they will another one :p, 
  but there are also bonuses , like being a principal bonus 15 % , or being a homeroom teacher 10 % and having a 1y or a 3y gradation ( bonus for high quality work - most have it ) which is also around 25 % i think . 
  my mother managed to reach several years ago as principal above 3500 net . 
  hope they are better than obama 's :p, 
  hard to say ... india is a big market but it is an undeveloped one ... 
  id put uk in the left upper corner tbh  ), 
  if they work in romania they have to abide to romanian state law . 
  well it lest they did n't get minimum wage as us ... or wait was the 1450ron before or after taxes ? 
  : / if the company provides housing and food they can survive in romania with 300 euro . 
  cool . . but where are we ... 
  they could do the same , the areas just overlap due to how that fking rock stands out ... 
  the fact is that considering the terrain it is very hard to apply 12 miles rule . 
  the zones just overlap ... and traffic should favor fastest cheapest route for both countries ... 
  he would be a lovely woman if he would skip the beard ... lol, 
  this is what i call true dedication lol, 
  epic spending for state employees ' wages , increases raging 20 % to 50 % , with similar revenues as last year while still having to cut on infrastructure ( which we need ... mainly highways and new hospitals ) . 
  this is quite catchy, 
  are these the ones from astra ? 
  all i heard it being called a *** turbo brick ***, 
  from what i read here and there gibraltar is afraid it will loose al those llc created there that operate on spanish territory ... am i wrong ? 
  ... what do these people smoke ... : /, 
  lol , well said !, 
   calm your tities britain !, 
  this ill sound the death the economic growth in romania this year  ), 
  because what he is doing is death by 1ooo cuts , and he hardly cares about the protests . 
  that 's a fugly woman ... 
  and he was a perfect gentleman !, 
  who the fuck is this god damn hero ? 
  although tbh england is a big enough country to deserve a disney of its own . 
  really wanders why only paris got one . 
  it 's like those girls on tinder who are not interested in relationships but need constant validation ... i do n't believe that they genuinely hate europe ... but more they want to be sure they made the right choice ... it 's a bit sad , but it is a frequent human behavior ... 
  neah give him a glass of fine wine and he is everyone 's friend , usually some general who takes initiative ... 
  thats when `` heroes '' arise ... 
  wan na see a line : `` see brexit is already making new jobs '', 
   loyal to clinton this is your main problem ... 
  fking cunts how can u stab an old lady ... 
  wtf dublin 48 % with a cross ?!, 
  wtf is that supposed to mean  ), 
  ofc it is n't . 
  what junker tried to show is how offensive such a remark can be if spitted 3 time per week . 
  it is really frustrating that your biggest ally is cheering against you ... 
  a lot of eu countries don ; t have built in secession mechanism . 
  if the middle of romania ( 2 counties ) which are an ethnic minority would call for independence/autonomy and try to enforce it , it might just end up like kosovo . 
  hhahahah good laugh, 
  and now english is for everything  ), 
  its because her putin support and money scandals that no one wants to give her money on principle ... so yeah ... karma sux, 
  freedom of speech i guess , 
  yes but in tramps case they were very close . 
  and even in the popular vote hillary \\ s margin was n't that big . 
  uk just wants no freedom of movement and no obligation to implement eu laws/directives but everything else should remaining equal . 
  lol, 
  you are naive it 's not the eu that wants these is the governments that agree with the laws through the council . 
  but it is the simplest way to pass legislation because if it comes as a eu directive the national parliament does not have a say and legislation that normally would take years for national parliaments or would just be stopped gets done fast . 
  sometimes is good like anti corruption directives in romania or maybe bad like some regulation in other countries . 
  this goes without saying , but these new regulations do n't target criminal .
