  yes i was also in a similar situation , but because all the people i know had no plans to move or had free rooms , i decided to pay 200 for a studio than pay 120 - 150 and live with strangers ... forgot to mention that a lot of young people still leave with their parents ... but in some town which are economically dead there is no perspective for them . 
  so this is a vicious cycle ... 
  yes but wages also start around 1500 euro in big cities i guess . 
  it 's still better than bucharest where u start around 400euro ( white collar ) , have no idea how blue collar handle it tbh ... 
  i have mixt feelings tbh because 1 big example . 
  we had the best local ( romanian ) albalact with several brands of diary products , profitable , with it 's local supply chains . 
  but campina ( holland ) came and they bought it since this is how major companies expand , the buy local infrastructure and brands . 
  nothing wrong here . 
  but what the new general director did afterwards angered a lot of people . 
  he started closing local supply chains cause he considered that they were not industrialized enough ( including a brand of cheese which is unique in europe it can be matured only in a cave because of the special bacteria that thrive there ) , that they did n't meet their requirements ( instead in investing in those supply chains and giving them the know how for a long run development ) , and they started importing milk from poland , packaged it on our brands and sell it as romanian products . 
  it was a big scandal and they had to ship the general manager back to holland and revise their practice . 
  but a lot of supply chains were closed ... my point is that we need a strategy to help local food industry get closer to western standards so this scenario wo n't happen again . 
  if this law will help us achieve this is smth to be seen ... 
  yes , but also rent is lower , not by that much ofc . 
  i am paying 200 cause i stay in a studio , otherwise in 2 or 3 rooms apartment id be paying 150 or less . 
  it wont be because it says locally sourced , which depending on how they will define the supply chain will probably mean that they can get from bulgaria or hungaria in border towns , or from anywhere in the eu as long as there are n't more 1 intermediary for example . 
  usually they are owners , in other cases they stay 3-4 people in 2 bedroom apartments . 
  i get around 700 euros and i pay 200 for rent . 
  i find it the minimum tbh ... 
  there are full chains of the same franchise , mini market , super market and ofc various super markets . 
  also some old fashion markets . 
  most of the food is not local , maybe just during the summer / autumn but usually most is imported . 
  i would say that around 70 % of daily commerce is done through big retails in bucharest ( 57 % nationally ) . 
  basically we have a chain that opened a small store every street in some areas ... 
  man do n't be so unilateral . 
  everyone is getting something . 
  ! st of all everyone is contributing . 
  some more other less indeed based on some kpis , but as a country develops it will contribute more . 
  i can see why u are against this type of redistribution since you have no affinity for a romanian , polish or portuguese , although the same principle applies in germany ( and in all countries ) , as some lands more developed sustain others less developed . 
  but again a german helping a fellow german is a different thing , although i am sure there might be voices that do n't agree with this type of distribution also , more likely promoting everyone for itself ( an example is what happens in italy , n vs s , although are n't all italians ... ) . 
  2nd germany , alongside other very developed west countries have benefited a lot by having free access to eastern markets , which would have been otherwise regulated as hell . 
  so what your budget looses directly , it gets back directly ( germany has also access to eu programs just as everyone else ) , and indirectly though its companies . 
  i am not sure if at the end of the day given all benefits germany is a net supplier or a net receiver , but i am sure it 's more than the answer given by a simple equation . 
  regarding the insults , well that comes with the territory when you are a leader . 
  how come no one blames spain or the netherlands for every decision the eu takes ? 
  maybe cause they are not in the front seat , behind the wheel . 
  that she considers eu as her country also ... don \\ t know speculating . 
  because m2 of super/hyper market in romania is still below what western europe offers , which is considered a benchmark . 
  so basically they hardly compete for the same market , each has his area of influence and they know that people in that area will never go to another city district . 
  also there are documented signs of collaboration ( most hyper markets have been fined by the competition council ) as they fix prices as well as promotions so that they do n't harm each other . 
  i , myself , was told by a friend that works for one of these hypermarkets that each morning the 1st thing they do is to report and set up prices for main goods in accordance with other hyper market competitors . 
  until 1st hyper market closes cause of losses we will know there is no competition . 
  more maybe , better - i have my doubts something like that can be achieved atm at competitive prices . 
  approved !, 
   food prices rose 1.25 percent from a year earlier in july this basically is hyper market lack of competition . 
  they are acting more and more like a cartel . 
  cute girl , 
  calm down everyone . 
  story is true . 
  nobody paid . 
  weapons real . 
  arrests happening . 
  govt embarrassed . 
  deal with it . 
  ca n't believe this man ... 
  yep we still have bears , 
  yes but one may get a different impression because of the place of the word in the phrase topic . 
  you have en as pronoun or preposition which also locked down in a construction ( je vais en normandie , je n'en a pas ) , whereas an which is a noun is singular in the phrase ( il a troi an ) . 
  but again it 's just an impression specific to non native speakers . 
  it has more to do with the latin heritage i think . 
  we can easily learn to speak italian ( as italians also learn very very fast romanian with a chic dialect \\ accent ) , spanish and then french . 
  english comes as a globalization consequence more than a cultural \\ political tie . 
   that romania does n't have with germany/austria/holy roman empire well our royal family is of german origin  . 
  i think the question was phrased a bit different . 
  they were asked which language would be useful in the future . 
  so people did n't think at what languages they know or learnt or what they are personally willing to learn , or at what their kids are learning at school but rather what language would be useful in the future . 
  because china is a world power both in no . 
  and gdp , and they are expanding massively all over the place , one may rationally think that in the future knowing chinese might give a competitive advantage on the labor market . 
  yes , epic comment !, 
  yes , what happens there btw ? 
  unexpected blue tbh ... sky news presents scotland as a barren huge countryside mostly  ), 
  cause they are not either an r&d hub or a financial markets hub, 
  indeed , they are searching for silicon valley type clusters , or wall street services type clusters . 
  textile itself was not considerate to be high skilled enough , on the other hand if you make high tech equipment for textile factories you might be included ... 
  we have home grown companies in the it industry because of the weak entry barrier in the industry . 
  also national companies which are somehow successful and manage to develop a decent business model end being bought by conglomerates ( ex : frieslandcampina ate albalact ), 
  this is why it is unwise to put micro management decision in referendums . 
   poachers not even poachers , they were professional hunters with legal owned weapons , which were used for the / sky news movie / ... 
  yep sooner or later , canada will conquer the usa ... it 's a matter of time . 
  countries dont like enclaves ... 
  yes although on an aggregate level either you fire one person out of 10 , or cute by 10 % all the wages , is same thing , on a social level , the kurzarbeit policy has less of a social impact . 
  the problem is the level of individualism vs collectivism in that specific society . 
  in some countries or business sector where high competitivity and individualism are nurtured and empowered such a solution might not be agreed . 
  there were special pensions ( basically pensions which don \\ t support a contribution principle ) from what i read , where they also affected ? 
  and have the cuts been applied to people who are receiving pensions , only to persons who retired after the cuts ? 
  the british who wan na send frigates to gibraltar to protect their oppressed civilians from the wrath of spain ? 
  just went there last weekend , nice place , had a decent meal for 8 euros . 
  bombing raqqa ... is there anything left standing in that city ? 
  i mean nato bombs it , russia bomb it , assad also bombs it ... basically if you have nothing to do better but have to mark some check-boxes , just bomb raqqa ... 
  depending how costly is a 3d printing device for furniture , even with all their copyrights , they can ` t prohibit me to make my own furniture . 
  but , and there might be the catch , for any 3d printing u need blueprints . 
  here , i think that they would surely regulate the market , similar to it . 
  as long as you have a legit license for a program you are ok , but if u do n't have you can be finned based on piracy laws . 
  the same concept can be applied to blueprints ( some being for only personal purpose , others for commercial purpose - like teamviewer for example ) . 
  made a post regarding that . 
  the problem is that it 's not always easy to sell expensive , and it 's hard to differentiate your products in a market such as the wine market . 
  best case u can originate using differentiate , for example , people will buy wines from france cause it 's promoted as a national brand internationally , but the second layer , which french brand to buy , for that one needs a specific culture , more than most people are willing or interested to know . 
  as long as the wine tastes good for a decent price , then it 's ok , and usually they do n't recall good brands they only recall bad brands which to avoid . 
  depends ... not all wine producers are also exporters . 
  some just limit themselves to local markets or local distribution hubs , so they do n't care what happens with their wine .
