  by playing hardball the eu considers it has more to gain . 
  that 's all , nothing more nothing less . 
  the idea is this i give you access to my market and you to your market . 
  i make better product x so i destroy you companies , while you make better products y and you destroy my companies . 
  so we have both tons of people without jobs so how we can balance this without creating unwanted social pressure in both countries . 
  you hire my people to make more product x while i hire your people to make product y. also because the increase in efficiency some peps are to be left outside but it is manageable , we can take care of them . 
  this is in my opinion the principle from the single market . 
  without freedom of movement developed countries would have just transformed eastern europe in one big colony . 
  because they consider that their society is strong and wealthy enough to do those things themselves . 
  this is why people do n't get turned on by the contribution of the european union . 
  there are ofc specific cases when the local municipality is dependent on eu programs , or better said they have learnt how to access and benefit from them , while ditching the national gov. 
  i think it was also the case of some british village or smth . 
  in this cases and small communities people understand the benefits , but otherwise it is a total mystery . 
  people in western developed countries understand one thing in my opinion , that this freedom gives them more hardship than opportunities , they fear change and they fear competition . 
  we say as a society that competition is good , which it is , but only at a collective level . 
  at an individual level , we hate it and fear it , and sometimes despise the guy next to us cause his ambition force us to work harder , to be under permanent stress , to search more a job or even to accept a lower pay . 
  people realize that maybe stuff would be more expensive if wages are higher but they also know that there is a limit of how many jobs there are and it 's better to have a lower purchase power but with no worries or job insecurity than being unemployed or under a permanent stress . 
  it is true that on a regulatory level in most part eu does n't improve that much western europe or better said northern europe , since they are more strict . 
  but on the same time regulations are the product of negotiations between member states and while some may be stricter and others more relaxed they are a political compromise to be the best for everyone on the medium term or a starting point on which to build later on . 
  but again is about competition because changing regulation , or the laws on which companies operate , give some a competitive advantage while others are hit hard since they have to change their practices . 
  just think like this : apply swedish animal rearing regulation to romanian farms and would be epic disaster , you would fuck the entire industry . 
  on the other hand apply romanian minimal product requirements to swedish market and their market would be flooded by cheap ass inferior products which in time will gain market share and kill swedish business . 
  so people try to find a compromise so that when harmonizing the damage is minimal , because there will be damage on the short run . 
  and maybe this is the problem , harmonization in most cases it 's not a win - win scenario , but an optimal loose - loose , hence the general uproar and upset of the population . 
  so the natural question arises , why push so relentlessly harmonization since it 's proving to be so unpopular . 
  in my opinion , harmonization is the only way to reduced european bureaucracy and also the lack of harmonization has a negative impact on our collective efficiency , remember that eu is not alone in this world . 
  but finding a rule fits all seems to be more than we handle at the moment , so only time will tell . 
  wo n't go on since these seem to be the most recurring topics on the matter . 
  but it seems that it lacks in plot and consistency . 
  not bad cgi also admiral kuznetsov and suhoi t50 in action :p, 
  they stole our transilvania not again europe never again !!!, 
  it 's all about the jobs to be honest ... we need to bring them back to america !!!, 
  close all coal on planet earth so that trump can do it , 
  they tried , the russians tipped him off apparently ... 
  starting to regret they did n't shot down his plane . 
  yes but the manager is a public institution or a private contractor ? 
  only small corruption is taken into account with which citizens have to live day by day . 
  company and government corruption is not measured in this poll . 
   ) make the space aliens pay for it, 
  you ca n't cause they will come here for 2 decent things : work and some relative sense of security . 
  even the shitties eu slump is better than your village being at the mercy of boco haram . 
  at least smthing good came out of it ... 
  : / oh well their country their vote ... just make a fking wall in ireland . 
  heard the americans will help with the know how ... 
  wtf do they have with the jews now ... : / why are jews hated ... i just do n't understand ... 
  the thing is they do n't do statistics , they get real numbers , absolute values from what companies report . 
  we will see better in march / april when y2y numbers come . 
  they would go anyway even without erasmus . 
  for example in bucharest when we have the university fair all top schools come to promote themselves and recruit student , to explain how to do applications and so forth . 
  and this is not the 2000 when people knew nothing about western academics . 
  now people know more , they have feedback from alumni who graduated in western universities and there are some ngos and consulting companies that specialize in helping future students find a suitable university abroad . 
  damn these thick heads - let children study abroad and know the fking world see other places and people ... it 's money well spent ... 
  they are probably comparing year to year numbers . 
  it 's 1.4 % dip than last year oct/nov . 
  usually numbers concerning seasonal industries are always mathematically adjusted in order to offer a fair assessment of the situation . 
  have no idea what so ever in this case , but at least in the case on major national statistical institutes this is standard practice . 
  it was done also in romania , under the commies . 
  blocks for the people no more bourgeois architecture and we ha a lot influences form paris especially in the interbelic period . 
  this opinion sounds rational nevertheless . 
  i think yes , you can vote at the embassy . 
  but it 's not my case , i am not in a foreign country i am just in another city and i have to be in my residence district ( where i was born ) in order for me to vote , which i ca n't cause it 's a 650km trip . 
  job nou . 
  nop , not if you in the country . 
  not sure if he can since he is in another country . 
  same , stuck in bucharest and ill go home one weekend before . 
  sad that i ca n't vote from here :( (, 
  no , none !, 
  yes but those fks might get 5 % , and also with crappy pmp ( former president basescu 's party ) . 
  if they have 10 % you get psd powertrain . 
  them 10 % , udmr 5 % as usual , 40 psd , and 45 probably pnl + usr ( wishful thinking ) . 
  very deep article . 
  same for romania , we have an active nuclear program for civilian purpose but the facility was thought as a way to procure the main elements for nuclear warheads if needed . 
  nevertheless we do n't have deployment capabilities . 
  a warhead is useless if you can not deploy it . 
  i also think that a war would most likely benefit the 1 % eventually cause everyone else would be centered on war while they would still remain on top . 
  i do n't believe in conspiracies but this seems a pretty logical argument . 
  this should help you a bit : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/name_of_romania , and has nothing to do with gypsies . 
  by accepting borders revisionism . 
  that is the problem , no one wants that can of worms to be opened . 
  also russians did n't occupy crimea cause it 's russians or smth or cause they care about anyone out there . 
  they feared they would loose control of sevastopol . 
  the fact you try to find justification for any kind of military annexation makes you a poised political person . 
  yes but maybe because the system was so skewed that ukip got so much power although they are a minority in the parliament . 
  if the vote would have been fair maybe some of the problems would have been addressed sooner and ukip might not have existed in the 1st place . 
  also think gerrymandering is a real issue in nowadays voting systems . 
   as you know we had a referendum last week and the public overwhelmingly voted to have a majority voting system with absolute majority in two rounds in regards to parliamentary elections . 
  yes but it is still better than 1st takes all like we have in romania for local elections . 
  but you said it 's for parliamentary ones . 
  are you voting for a single candidate in each electoral district or are there national lists and you just vote a party in a 2 way system . 
  to my knowledge 2 rounds works best for individual candidacy . 
  ofc best choice for parliamentary is to use a multiple choice list . 
  from most preferred candidate to second and 1rd . 
  i think cgp grey explained this . 
  bulgaria has also gypsies we are pretty much covered in that area . 
  hold your horses darling , we have big elections this winter ... and you know the saying : winter is coming !, 
  where do you live ? 
  yes as long as you do n't mix it with mayonnaise and french fries , which you usually get . 
  and can be also any weekend where more people gather for any occasion . 
  it 's all about the ingredients dude . 
  as a snack inbetween main courses , a good veggie sandwich is not a bad choice .
