  all big companies need an hq in a single market state . 
  some had in uk . 
  they wo n't move it . 
  they will just leave 1 in uk cause they need also a subsidiary there , and they will declare another eu hq in one of the single market countries . 
  the problem is that they will move their so called * shared services * from uk to eu , since those services are handling anyway eu operations . 
  but this discussion is only about hqs and logistics , manufacturing is another thing and plays by other rules and it , s more costly to move but also gives a lot of leverage to the companies to negotiate with the governments . 
  oniiii-chan pls come to romania ; }, 
  there was neither human about neither ... 
  and the rest by resistant bacteria . 
  it might be just economics . 
  the more we tighten sanctions , the more russia blocks our exports and some countries are badly hit . 
  if it 's not economics and i am wrong about this means that the fsb has infiltrated strategic countries and are influencing policy making . 
  fking crazy ... 
  some1 is top dog in that family and it 's neither the dog nor the president, 
  again at the gates of vienna, 
  no , we are not hostile . 
  if friendly troops come in our country whatever the reason . 
  there was a usa country cross over 1y ago i think . 
  they stopped in shopping areas in some major cities and people gathered up to see the equipment with kinds and stuff like at a parade . 
  was a successful pr stunt . 
  yes it could be applied and it always ends with our well being is more important than the well being of others , our lives are more important than the lives of others , our grief is way more acute than their grief and so on , hence we are superior to them . 
  unfortunately groups tend to end up with this rhetoric . 
  yes people die also in the inside cause life , but from other factors , not from this form of virus . 
  no matter how you try your argument , there will always be another person that would say that if even 1 death from the current 1000 can be prevented it should . 
  yep , in romania all nato troops are warm welcomed ... 
  this is a moral dilemma to be honest and i do n't see a right path . 
  imagine this scenario . 
  there is a virus outburst . 
  the kill ratio of the virus is 20 % even with all the medical care , but the other 80 % can be saved with proper treatment . 
  also there is a catch around 1 % of the afflicted can be contagious ( lets say only contact and not heavy shit airborn max spread in 24h ) . 
  and you have the people from the inside which are healthy and have the resources to help the afflicted ones which are on the outside . 
  the moral dilemma is : you try to help the people on the outside but there is a chance that the 1 % will kill some people from the inside , or you do n't take any risk so that the people from the inside are 100 % safe from the virus and you leave evolution deal with the ones from outside ? 
  the lower the deviation the higher the impact when an event deviates from the standard model . 
  my guess is that they expected greece to invest these money and create more jobs a way or another in order to create more wealth . 
  unemployment rates create a system risk in greece . 
  in the end i am not sure if it 's about pragmatism or ideology ... 
  `` as it pleased '' is usually the end result of a negotiation between all states so that everyone is ok with it . 
  or maybe cause it 's fking bureaucratic ? 
  and takes a lot till everyone gets on the same page ? 
  we don * t know what they agreed behind closed doors . 
  not everything is written on paper ... 
  it 's a relative perception game but yes . 
  yes but maybe they are educated enough to be afraid of the responsibility of having a child when they are so financially insecure . 
  not quite , i-d say that if you strip away governmental policies towards higher birthrate than sweden would fall in the western herd . 
  i-ve read that nordic countries have change their policies from the usual i give you money to stay home and raise you child to i build infrastructure to help you raise your child while not giving up work . 
  where where ?!!!, 
  i think they are also unhappy with their choice of spending . 
  cause tbh retired persons and some have good pensions are the most protected classes usually . 
  they are the last resort when cutting spending also since the pension is a given right in most legislation i suppose . 
  on the other hand you have people , especially young ones , which are the future of a country , which can produce value , which are really vulnerable to instability and change . 
  would n't be fair and wise to use the resources on them ? 
  i do n't say that old people should be left behind but unless one is below the poverty line , investing in his welfare when there are other urgent things is inefficient . 
  as a practical example , instead on spending money on pension would n't it be wise to invest more in health . 
  not sure why but old people are main patients , cause of well ... life ... 
  even in mobile we did 2g 3g 3.5 g and now 4g . 
  we have all steps in investment and with each one the coverage increased . 
  yes but those 65 mils pay like 5-6 times more for the same service so companies should have enough margin for investment imo . 
   ) there could be some many many reasons . 
  but sounds like job losses too and that is a no no for politicians . 
  in the end is just about marginal gains . 
  you have many levers at your disposal and you pull the combination of levers that have most marginal gains . 
  how can people talk about free trade when everything is mostly subsidized a way or another , directly or indirectly . 
  trade is not free it 's just cheaper in some cases . 
  also i think by 2030 we would be force to anti trust the world economy , the too big to fail concept is too dangerous . 
  weird i would understand that they would suicide in regions where they are few and isolated and not where they have a majority . 
  skew data probably , bucharest has more than 3 mil permanent residents . 
  wtf is happening in hungary !?!!, 
  also i like greece , they do n't kill themselves they protest . 
  it 's a healthy thing  ), 
  again this shit with the fascist flair ? 
  i these cases i think the court should just give maximum even if the prosecution doesn ; t manage to prove that there was no consent just as a lesson . 
  you fk 10y old children , you rot in prison !, 
  no buts !, 
  wait what chile ? 
  you should know that there can be land swaps inbetween countries no biggies , i give u this u give me that etc. 
  there are recent examples in europe . 
  cause now u do n't have anymore . 
  free pass  ), 
  not quite , the main difference is in services and rent usually . 
  goods have more or less a similar price . 
  and here i thought only us poor ee would have these existential crisis :p, 
  chapter : we do n't want you and chapter cool turkish story ? 
  try romano, 
  lazy frenchmen :d, 
  dormir : 01:00 - 06:40  ), 
  the same probably . 
  gps - american glonass - russian galileo - eu and chinese ? 
  which ? 
  usually there are for some murders 20 years sentences and for extreme cases there is also life sentence . 
  i used * 20 to life * cause of habit . 
  i think the main problem are these unregulated territories which people do n't want to deal with . 
  also how can we fix this without netherlands and ireland yelling they are out of the union ? 
  no , conditioning the medical act is a felony and should be treated as such . 
  now the people who never had a broken bone or did n't know orthopedy is a real thing , just want justice , dread type justice . 
  that man is probably a sociopath who also happens to be a doctor . 
  hope he gets 20 to life ... 
  lol spain starting the second colonial age in south america ? 
  as an island with major cities on the shore , i think it 's in uks own long term self interest to push for a more persuasive climate change agenda . 
  man , i am not talking about the elected persons , but about the appointed ones which are mostly trash with no real qualifications . 
  not quite , depends .
