  in order to sway profits to be taxed from a country with 30 % taxation to a country with 12.5 % taxation the company has to move one of the 3 factors mentioned above . 
  since sales ca n't be moved , the company has to move either assets or labor . 
  and depending of the cost analysis ireland might gain instead of hq for financial optimization , real production centers that provide indeed sustainable growth . 
  maybe a company will move his hq to paris or berlin because of appearances , but at the same time it may move its production centers which weight the most in ireland and its logistic services in romania ( accounting for example ) . 
  this way it will pay in the 33 % related to revenues where the revenues come , it will pay few cents in romania cause the cost of labor generated in romania compared to the group labor cost is marginal , and it will pay taxes for 50 % of its net income in ireland where you have most valuable assets , the main bulk of the labor force and some local sales . 
  and that was never the argument i made . 
  it does n't undermine it neither for the uk nor for romania . 
  your only mistake was trying to debate his preposterous argument ... romania was not shaped , but the people were there , just like italy and germany were also split in many states . 
  romania appeared as a modern state in the xix century ( 2/3 ) , and if i am not wrong so was the case of germany and italy . 
  also if you check the borders of most european states during xviii , xix and xx it 's a fking mess . 
  the only reason the uk did n't have a similar fate was the fact that it had a natural border . 
  ~ ~ no ill explain from desktop ~ ~ so the reason the example you gave is not a valid is because there you have two different entities : the investor and the company . 
  the investor has the capital that he borrows to the company in order to get more capital in return . 
  the dividends he gets are no more than a form of interest , which is assimilated to a form of income , hence it is taxed . 
  on the other hand you have the company whose mission is to create value for the stakeholders ( do n't mix it up with shareholders ) . 
  and at the end of the fiscal year it has profit , the company 's net income . 
  being an income it is taxed . 
  so you ask a valid question why is it taxed at both ends ? 
  because both entities , the investor and the company use resources that belong to everyone and are administrated by the state . 
  the company used roads , public services , public assets etc for its own goal , and the investor used also other public services for other personal goals . 
  this is why it is not considered a case of double taxation . 
  true double taxation is one entity does n't recognize that an income has already been taxed by another similar entity . 
  for example an italian persons works in romania and gets some money . 
  those money being generated in romania , the local government is inclined to tax , and after that when he goes back in italy with the remaining money , the italian state wants to tax again cause he is an italian citizen and has to contribute to the italian society . 
  which is why there is an agreement between italy and romania on who will tax , so that double taxation does n't happen . 
  from what i read is fair bargain and takes into account relevant factors . 
  what they will loose from companies that have hq there they will win from others that have hq in other regions . 
  it will be able but only for the irish part of the profit, 
  ofc now things are fine and people feel close , same as in romania , everyone is part of the nation , but it was n't always like that . 
  there were bloody wars between the `` kingdoms '' . 
  this is why i do n't take his side considering the stupidity he spewed off , but that does n't give him the right to talk shit about romania , considering some aspects the above guy mentioned were utter bullshit . 
  u get a high five for humor, 
  i am not taking his side , but you are talking out of your ass about what romania is . 
  at least we did n't have to subjugate our romanian brothers , we united when a consensus was reached between the principates . 
  we agree to disagree . 
  not anymore . 
  they either back down their rhetoric or no more partnership ... 
  sorry did n't know that . 
  just remembered an article that you operated , although the article was fairly new . 
  what planes do you use now ? 
  same with happen to southern romania ... 
  cause it 's a side dish . 
  you eat polenta with sarmale or with gulash for example . 
  well they were part of the lightning program as many other countries so it would n't be any surprise here if they stick with it ... 
  yep i got homework , especially at math that took me hours , not that they were complicated but they were so many ... and during the holidays we would get like 100 - 300 exercises , basically you would have to work on a daily basis ... tbh it sucked , and people who were not good at math did n't improve at all ... i think it would have been way more reasonably to give something like 5 problems , which can be solved in many ways and see how each pupil tackled the solution ... 
  touche !, 
  i do n't get the reference ... eli5 me a bit , pls ... 
  after 40y of service you also need spare parts do n't you ? 
   ) also germany still has mig29 which are also old . 
  so nothing new here . 
  also i do n't think that putting f35s and f22 in romania is a smart move since we do n't have the necessary defensive infrastructure for such important assets . 
  when will canada equip f35s ? 
  1982 yes , but they are decent planes . 
  it 's good my mother cooks it from time to time . 
  also musaca . 
  very good , 
  also checks sweden , sees ikea ... 
  per month ... 
  prior to the war china had important agricultural deals with ukraine . 
  they wanted to get land work it and export the wheat directly to china . 
  they had interests probably still do . . 
  and policies ... 
  few months ... so yes, 
  great :d wan na share ? 
  and then i explained it to you  i am not talking in general , i am talking about specific substances which are mostly synthetic chemicals . 
  but no ! ... 
  you went ahead with your libertarian view of society , with which i have no quarrel what so ever , but u were missing the point . 
  every argument i gave , you transform it in an infringement of civic liberties . 
  well next time go argue with the companies that feed you chemicals , but if u get sick do n't ask for treatment on other contributor 's money !, 
  i was referring to chemical substances added as ingredients . 
  next time read my comment careful before posting . 
  by the fact that their problems wo n't disappear and will still be present ... and yes things will get rougher for them , it is inevitable , but i do n't have a burning desire to see them ruin ... and if somehow by some miracle they still manage to get unscarred from this ... then it 's their merit i guess ... we will ofc apply our principles when formally negotiation the exit and that will be the punishment . 
  it 's ok . although we are disappointed cause of the brexit , does n't mean we want them to suffer or see them get through a recession ... 
  romania 's consumption is much higher since this study does n't count the wine produced for selfconsume . 
  it 's cheap and most of the time of bad quality , but almost all rural households can make several hundred liters per year . 
  not to mention it is used to supply also urban wine consumption . 
  it 's debatable . 
  it is like the ban of smoking in public places . 
  people acknowledged , even smokers , that it was the right thing to do , but it was agreed that someone else should enforce this rule . 
  also people can cook for themselves ... the thing is when cooking , and yes in romania cause we are poor we do a lot of cooking and use only raw supplies , hardly no one uses those chemicals ... if you ban for example bread yes you might have problems , but no one will complain that the dark bread wo n't be as dark as it was since it used a e150c ... 
  it beats ofc , i do n't advocate that . 
  but it would be way better to work with a true 20-30 % green daily with no fluctuations . 
  the problem is that during the 95 % , the fossil plants still generate cost , and that cost will make the 95 % green go from super cheap to expensive . 
  we have to think to a solution either better batteries / convertors , or using another medium like liquid hydrogen , or syngas , or whatever has a better energetic efficiency . 
  we did n't borrow the f16 , we paid a decent buck for them ... 
  in this particular case . 
  but my comment was on a broader range of chemicals or some cooking techniques . 
  there are a lot of chemicals which only add flavors , and color , have no nutritional value and do n't enhance other properties , like for example the preservation period . 
  the problem is that the consumer will go for looks and tastes obviously , even at the expense of its health , since the damage is not a tangible one . 
  so even if a company does n't want to use those chemical and promotes itself as such , it will manage to target probably only a niche market , and has no way to compete with the better looking better tasting alternative for the masses . 
  this is why i feel that governments or regulators must step in . 
  i am not some crazy activist , and i do n't think doing some things overnight might solve more problems than it creates , but we need a real debate on this matter , backed with scientific data ( we also have a problem here since experts have lost credibility in the past years due to lobbying and moral corruption ) . 
  we need to have a serious discussion on what chemicals are indeed necessary to be put into products and which are ok to be removed / banned . 
  seems it is not like the previous one . 
  more powerful but with less damage . 
  and also the more the volatile renewables ( wind , solar ) are used the more problems we have on the grid since we do n't have a good storage alternative ... the lack of storage capacity and technology is what keeping europe from investing more . 
  the headlines with x days 50 % from wind/solar are nice and cozy but we do n't see that the next day they suddenly dropped to 5 % ... and fossil went back on full capacity ... 
  and i think this is just the beginning . 
  they are still focusing on the mechanics , productive design , overall efficiency so the industry is less focused on how they look . 
  but when some technical limits will be reached then in order to differentiate their products , companies will focus on design , how they look , how they integrate with the environment etc.
