  they only know they sold it internally . 
  but at a national level there are also sectors which are not influenced by export , but are burnt by imports . 
  those will always argue for protectionism . 
  usually small and medium do n't really profit directly , tangible by a free customs market like the eu . 
  sure their merchandise might wand up being exported but this happens through intermediaries so not directly . 
  there are cases when they do n't even know that their products are sold abroad . 
  but on the other hand when they go to the local hypermarket they see their product in between other 10 - 15 similar products , from other countries and well , some quite cheaper for a similar quality . 
  and if business is n't going well as planned , these people will start to feel enraged and to lepain and start to lash out that they want out !!!, 
  on the other hand you have big corporation who usually make really a big profit from buying low from everywhere and selling it in the place where the demand is greater . 
  they want globalization as they have fingers in all pies ... usually local producers fear as much as possible competition , because sometimes they do n't have the resources to have a fair fight with bigger brands . 
  the wine industry may not be the best example since there are literally hundreds of companies with 10s of wine types so maybe except for experts we tend to buy randomly within a price range / wine type , i mean there are so many wine types that just by being curious u end up buying from random producers . 
  well no one ever thought he would have the courage of shutting down russian aircraft directly ( they do it anyway by proxy ) . 
  i was just expanding on techno_mage 's narative . 
  also politicians do n't care about consequences as long as can get approval and be seen in a good light , especially a politician mad on power ... see history ... 
  yes i understand you , but you ask the state to impose barriers because you fail at marketing ( to harsh , better said you are unwilling to make an extra effort at promoting a superior product ) . 
  and it 's easier and cheaper than to promote your more expensive product as a premium one ( because of high quality practices of course ) . 
  it 's a more philosophical debate , since i believe that the state should n't intervene in the sense you were advocating , but instead just watch over noncompetitive practices ( like marketing things the product does n't have aka lying to the public ; product meeting standard safety and healthy requirements ) . 
  i strongly believe that this type of governance , exercised in good faith ofc , can optimize what each region produces . 
  but we also need standards which are realistic which have the purpose to help clients and not be just barriers . 
  i also understand that is very hard for countries who still live in the paradigm of self sufficiency , to change and see themselves as regions of something bigger . 
  i am skeptical that all the aspects of the regulation concerning your food industry have a net positive impact on the final product , so getting standardized regulation for everyone in the 30ish group ( eu and eu like countries ) can be hard as some may have to adjust to higher standards while other will have to lessen their requirements . 
  they forgot to put romania , which is in top 5 also . 
  yes , i see . 
  my previous post was on a general note and was not directly related to this case since i do n't know the specifics . 
  what they did is unacceptable and i hope the justice system does right by the victims of this barbarism . 
  also a true wine lover would never do something like this , it would be similar to blasphemy , no matter the price and origin of a good wine ... 
  generally whether it 's wine or milk or other agricultural product the root of the problem is how subsidies are handed in different states \\ regions . 
  you have anomalies where german milk is cheaper than romanian one even though they pay their workers 1200 + euros , and we pay our workers < 300 euros , while product line efficiency is fairly similar . 
  in my view exporting highly subsidized products is no different than the dumping princes we accuse china of . 
  i know that all governments want the base of the need pyramid to be readily accessible to everyone as prosperous way of life , but they should make sure they do n't go down a vicious spiral , and create more problems than they have intended to fix to begin with ... 
  the most problematic thing about leaving is taking the 91 nuclear warheads ... i doubt it that erdogan wants those gone , and he is capable of sealing the base and threatening to shut down even nato planes if they take off with the nukes . 
  the fact i most despise about the gunned down of the russian plane , is the fact they put the turkish pilots on trial for doing their duty ( as if they acted alone and were not sanctioned by higher ups lol ) ... despicable ... if i were in an army that did something like that to it 's own soldiers , i 'd just leave that military ... 
  so they want out of eu so that france can put wine tariffs to everyone since they are self sufficient and do n't need anyone 's wine . 
  if you want any other wine in france you have to pay the extra buck to get it , since you are anyway a traitor to your people for wanting it in the 1st place ... this should sum it up . 
  my guess is they wanted to form a cartel and impose prices but did n't work out and now they are retaliating . 
  really turkey - 75 % ? 
   ) this poll must be old i guess :p, 
  i disagree more with the idea of being surrounded by dongles and bushes  ), 
  only if it 's latex burkinis   ), 
  on principle what is the difference between this waterpark and a club that only lets people in if dressed in a specific way . 
  for example , if me and my buddies decide to book a similar waterpark for a day with free bar and we only let / invite women with model like body , wearing skimpy bikinis and that need to stay topless . 
  which u find more immoral my example ( which happens all the time but usually in the form of private parties on the riviera and not only ) or the case presented . 
  we should consider also that this maybe the only time those women can enjoy something that we almost get for granted like going at the seaside or to a poll or to water parks . 
  2 years ago this thing would have been lost at the bottom of the news feed ... but oh well many things changed since then ... 
  this is why all being in the eu was a good thing . 
  no one cared deeply on whose jurisdiction the gibraltar was . 
  now shitty old conflicts will re emerge ... balls . . 
  if gb has some spare battleships send them to the black sea , we have russia here , makes more sense ... 
  this sounds like a rio news , not a paris one !, 
  pls frenchies be men !, 
  my bad , was us centric . 
  looks like new us destroyer . 
  if these continues than germany may adopt usa tactics used in south america . 
  worse case scenario , turkey in 10-15 years will be treated the same as iran was with economic sanctions . 
  and if things go for the worse and the turk government will take this literally , we will have border military problems , forcing nato to probably realign with massive forces concentrated around and in greece ( given the historical tensions between these 2 countries ) . 
  if ceausescu died the way he died it was 50 % because her fault . 
  there is a difference ... urs as soon as things were found resigned . 
  but our used the influence of his government including the ministry of education who blocked any attempt to dismiss his title . 
  the university made also an internal inquire and decided that he did plagiarize , but them he used a ministry commission in charged of this to overthrown the university decision . 
  and this happened like 3 years ago . 
  and even now he does n't want to back down , saying is communist style political persecution and that he will have his day in court for this ... tons of balls this ass ... 
  finally the jerk gets what he deserves ... 
  depends , it may be that local goods and services that were previously competed by import products to have now a competitive advantage because of the price . 
  best case would be that a country imports only raw materials and human resources ( lol ) and sells high value added products . 
  me neighter , just wanted to point out that smth impossible for that time is quite simple today ... it 's hard to say what happened ... and there are so many mysteries and unexplainable things even before anno domini and well before that . 
  also we ca n't take word by word on what it is said in the scriptures . 
  also there is the debate on the stuff that christian institution are upholding from the general public ( a lot of conspiracy theories regarding the secret vatican library etc , things that can be fundamental important also for islam ) . 
  not to mention that many historians are promoting a sort of nostalgia after the islam that gave us al jebr . 
  solidarity has always been a good starting point . 
  my fear is that those savages are crazy enough to blow up even places where christians meet muslims , saying that either the muslims deserve their fate since their are n't of the true kind , or that it does n't matter if they died too , they will be remembered as martyrs ... 
  out of the 10 commandments , only 5 make sense to me , the other 5 are just religious preservation rubbish . 
  yes the famous quote ... i see what you did there m8 , 
  chemical wine , it \\ s even a thing in some parts , mix powder with water and you get wannabe wine :d, 
  if you are not really a practitioner it hardly matters . 
  yes it \\ s the same rule for everyone , respect the ritual . 
  even going to the library has rules which are more or less strict , depending on the institution . 
  i thought the french had the fusion model : /, 
  the weaker the pound the more cheaper will british products be , so maybe more competitive ? 
  damn that sexy green grass, 
  his brother is at jail , and he is next ... so i guess this is way he said that stupid thing  ), 
  the really good news is that they found the money trail from cyprus , and also the middle man . 
  on rise project ( investigative journalism organization ) they will expose this , and if they have it means also the prosecution has it ... so it 's not based only on the allegation of a convicted criminal . 
  im a fking romanian and we pretty much have similar problems with the state , and how the gov handles things , and why nothing is modernized , and why we have such a fking corruption , why pensions are low and some are high and dont respect at all a contribution principle etc basically same problems but at a lower magnitude ... but we know we are wrong acting this way and we are in constant fight with current politicians to change the way society works , so don \\ t tell me about taking a breath , weren \\ t they taking a breath when everything was good and green and everyone was complaisant at lying to themselves and to the world ... 
  they have a systemic problem ... giving money is like empowering an addiction , but what we need is change ... 
  the fact that he is an euro skeptic , does n't mean the union is perfect and unless we start rethinking some things , we will just make him right ... 
  yes unfortunately the infrastructure between romania and hungary is under developed , because for example in erdely has a shortage of workers of all kind and other regions are poor at supplying . 
  baltics can be over run in 24h , poland is the best in the region but has geographical disadvantages , ukraine is broke , maybe partizan battle , moldova does n't count , romania is weakish but has geographical advantage ( mountains ) , bulgaria will just w8 for the russians with wine and flowers for the liberation from eu . 
  if we buy f35 , we may be able to buy ur f16 at a discount ofc . . 
  tbh it 's not only about the army it 's also about the industrial complex and supply roots . 
  once shit breaks loose on the eastern front for example , making that place a battlefield , the west can be used as industrial support . 
  instead of seat leon 's u 'll be doing tanks , weapons and component parts to be used on the front . 
  some would argue that is suicide that western boys die trying to free the baltic states after russia just invaded them in a 24h blitzkrieg ... what does spain owe to latvia to do such a sacrifice ? 
  ofc unemployment demographics is also a whole different subject and it 's the second layer analysis . 
  we also have that problem , with huge differences in between regions ... and these stupid politicians do n't do shit about it ... 
  i find employment to population ratio irrelevant . 
  a better ratio would be employment to employable population ( 16 - 70 for example ) . 
  you may have a country with an old population . 
  sure that is a main concern but it affects other aspects which are n't the topic of this discussion . 
  also the methodology of determining the unemployment % is very important . 
  it can be census made ( statistic modeling ) , or could be based on the unemployment register .
