  crappy sea ... 
  the russian should make a huge canal to link it to the black sea ... 
  i am not defending that scumbag or do i defend the likes of lepen whose only foolishness will bring us towards a ww3 scenario sooner or later . 
  i am saying that as immoral as some actions might be they can still be legal . 
  the courts came in help of those who had visas , greencards or had double citizenship . 
  but if the ban would have been against people who had no connection to the usa then there would n't have been any grounds for an appeal . 
  also what lepen is suggesting is not non constitutional . 
  a country can or can not accept double citizenship ... 
  simple fk the jews i presume but use trump tactics like the muslim ban . 
  basically u make a general rule to hit a specific group . 
  old talk but he has decent analysis . 
  this is better lol  ), 
  it tries to be and on principle it has the foundation of a democracy . 
  but there is still a long road ahead till we will have strong independent institutions like germany , netherlands or france for example . 
  atm we are at a crossroad : and can take the path of iliberalism like our hungarian friends or we can evolve towards a full fledged democratic country . 
  check romania after 27 and you might understand . 
  lies ... this are all western fake rumors and news ... !, 
  belarussian brotherhood is stronk !, 
  a new generation of bombs , as destructive but with not radiation fallout . 
  also nuclear or no nuclear eu / nato needs a good delivery method that can beat s400 systems . 
  does n't really matter if u send conventional or nukes if the russians can blow them up in the stratosphere or in the air even before leaving european air space ... 
  british army will always be part of the eu army even if just informal . 
  same !, 
  it will be a spectacle . 
  lol, 
  great satire, 
  i personally hardly care about both matters . 
  i am just explaining cause and effect to my knowledge ... 
  in romania normally people do n't care about saints , unless u have the same name and you privately celebrate your anniversary . 
  in some cases you get a free day from work like saint andrew 30 of nov. but that is all for most people . 
  but there are some saints ... which the orthodox church says they have their remains and that those remains can do miracles ... and here is where the craziness starts . 
  desperate people go on pilgrimage , they pay money to the church and queue for hours and days in order to touch those remains . 
  some are performing weird rituals like walking on all 4 limbs etc or the video ... absurd things . 
  man una festa , a festival of the people about a religious event is one thing . 
  basically what u showed me is a brazilian carnival with kkk members instead of topless latinas ( sorry could n't contain myself at the outfits ) . 
  what you see for example in iasi ( sf parascheva ) 100ks of old and pour people ( + politicians of all colors and flavors ) all over the country come there every year so that saint parascheva would bring them luck , heal them or fix everyday problems and in some cases i 've see attempts of live exorcisms ( of people who definitely needed psychiatric help , [ enjoy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhfphe5yxue ) the level of my orthodox church ... 
  people are very religious to the point of fundamentalism and what the priest says it is like a law ... not debating why people are so blindly attracted to the church . 
  do n't know what pica is . 
  if u see probably there is . 
  never said religion must be eradicated , i am just saying religion is weighing a lot on people views . 
  yes but the church has said they are against any form of rights to non traditional , and moreover they want to impose at a constitutional level the civil marriage to be only possible between hetero couples . 
  the church is celebrating some saints , and the people ( especially old people ) are going in pilgrimage like the arabs are going to mecca . 
  also they are offered free food of sorts and there are all the time incidents like people fainting and needing medical attention . 
  most of the time the crowd is very angry like in the videos we see in america when a new walmart is opened . 
  as long as romania will have [ this ] ( http://www.sfantulgheorghenou.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/liturghiesfparascheva-foto-silviu_w720_h800_q90.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://www.toot.ro/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/mii-de-pelerini-la-sfanta-cuvioasa-parascheva-iasi-2014.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://www.expresspress.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/dsc02482.jpg ) we will never see any shade of green ... 
  and u have ee for that a safer bet, 
  ofc fear is universal ... 
  morocco wants a military blockade on its borders or i did n't read correctly ? 
  lol is this legit ? 
  cause member states told they are okay and they gave the ok !, 
  also cause some member states maybe are weak or have no regard for things like this . 
  eu has both the infrastructure and the money and the time to work on such things . 
  and its about money , infidelity does n't really matter lol  ), 
  well it can be as easily manufactured since there is precedent . 
  i see nothing wrong in these regulation unless member states have even firmer rules and could have issues with a more lax legislation . 
  also gentlemen this is a nice way to protect the eu from chinese imports or from others . 
  a posted a comment few lines down . 
  this is my opinion on the matter of the debt . 
  the debt itself is not a problem , i think some high heads are planing to ** federalize ** it when and if such a time would come , but the future region greece has to get on a irreversible path in terms of policy till then ... 
   kick greece out of the ez exclude greece and it will go argentina style , and in 5 years we will have turkey - greece war ( cause fking erdogan ca n't keep his trap shut ) . 
  because no one knows how to handle this hot potato ... and it 's not because politicians are presumed incompetent but because this a quantum puzzle level hot potato ... 
  we are going around the bush with these pro circumcision nut jobs . 
  we should tell them the real reason : because is a fking disgusting religious ritual which has nothing to do with health care . 
  if a kid wants to cut his penises he can do it later out of free will like all the guys who do extreme piercing or whatever . 
  robot taxation might not be a bad idea in 10-15 years . 
  if you want i can explain why , especially in a ubi scenario . 
  yeah unless the media will make the others hate so much the scots that it will pass with flying colors ... lol, 
  that is happening everywhere ... big supermarkets are controlling the supply chain . 
  i did n't know circumcision was also an muslim practice . 
  thanks god we took ur system with 2 rounds ... 
  fake news = alternative facts pulled from assworld, 
  why muslims also cut their penises ? 
  coming from a german ... this is quite true :d, 
  they sent the law to the parliament where the same people control the majority . 
  so this means we just won a fight but not the war . 
  also political leaders controlling and supporting the government started sending messages to different tv station that brexit was blessing for uk and romania should follow the same path ( because the eu parliament and commission as well as main political leaders from eu raised some eye browns on what they were planing to do ) . 
  the new enemy of the people ( their electorate ) are the western corporations who forced and manipulated the urban people to protest and plan a civil war to destroy and conquer the little sovereignty romania still has . 
  that was yesterday message from * our pis * government . 
  he is off by all means of logic and rationality . 
  meritocracy , transparency and the fact that left policies were always complemented by right policies . 
  our problems come from the fact that globalization had no proper containing strategies of the aftermath , social democracy went very fast to the other end of the spectrum capitalist democracy and the fact that we are facing the 4th industrial revolution . 
  china is where it is cause of the fking population pool . 
  1.2 + fking people . 
  compare china with nafta + eu + commonwealth + sk and japan and you will see how it dwarfs really fast ... 
  even if milk could not leave the country of origin in whole eu as a principle , farmers will still get bankrupt . 
  it might be the case that we have to many dairy farms in europe , and something else should take its place with the same people in charge ofc . 
  but people must be also willing to change and willing to invest in other things . 
  just because uve been running a farm for 200-300 years in your family does n't mean you wo n't have to adapt like everyone else . 
  the simplest way for the eu to resolve this problem would be to regulate milk shipments making it impossible to transport on an area larger than 100-200 km , basically locally ... you wo n't be competed by cheap polish or romanian milk but you also wo n't have access to their market ... 
  it is more complex than that . 
  democracy itself is not a problem , maybe we can concur that the current form of capitalist democracy has fundamental flaws , that the state has decentralized and has privatized important functions of the state which are now biased towards some segments of the economy . 
  both empires were based on slaves and colonialism ( advanced pillage tactics ) . 
  he has been on mission from my 1st day lurking the / europe topics ... 
  i like the neo latin flair we get , thx dutch peps !, 
  how different is portuguese compared to brazilian ? 
  is it just a dialect or the differences are more fundamental ? 
  well 300 its the max in one interval . 
  but it has been a constant inflow and outflow of people . 
  i presume we have in bucharest at least 500k unique protestors this week . 
  2 mil is the registered number , in reality we consider bucharest to be around 3 mils .
