  yes but u are uk citizen ... it wo n't affect you . 
  so far she has a cool agenda ... love to see this happening , 
  have both , but if u stay in a flat , if u really love animals just get a fish . 
  i think we might have got his way if he would n't have started killing people ... even standard anti riot tactics might have worked in the end ... 
  you forgot to put / s , assad is a power pole , once he resigns it will be a power vacuum ... 
  european boots in syria in a true sense meaning several 10ks , not just some special units like uk and usa have would mean a triggering for a ww3 , cause any intervention would be against assad and here it comes a direct conflict vs russia . 
  this is the only reason everyone is fighting by proxy there cause once nato soldiers openly fight russians there is hardly no turning back . 
  so nato is not ready to start a war with russia for a crappy destroyed country as syria , but at the same time they are not ready to let russia winning charlie sheen style lol . 
  even if russia would n't be involved there would still be an iraq scenario where the `` liberators '' will end up being the bad guys no matter what , cause local tribes/organizations would want power for themselves and will do anything to get it , even turn against those who helped them get it . 
  lol hate this shit that is the milk industry . 
  my take is that basically when there were those quotas and also good subsidies the farmers were confident that they can take out whoever from the market and their milk is the best , and quotas were against their well being . 
  now that we have no more quotas and overproduction hit the shelves each national association is yelling for more protectionism and more subsidies so they can bankrupt the milk from other countries ... kinda pathetic ... ofc the eu does n't this shitty vicious cycle between more subsidies and more overproduction , because this will start a scandal between member countries ... so they trying to use this scheme to pacify all parties and stop overproduction ... 
  did u see russians combat uniforms ... ukraine was mostly stuck in time , 
  haha even the weapons are different bye bye ak47 design :p, 
  not acceptable , we accept atm homosexuality and we should teach tolerance so that scenes where extremists try to abuse the participants to gay parades are just ancient history ... i am saying that if you make an experiment and you put 10 children who are genetically prone to be straight some of them will become gay as sometimes the biochemistry adapts to social an not the other way around . 
  i find the situation unacceptable ... i am a purist ... when we will find the genetic markers that make us prone to homosexuality we should crispt them out from birth . 
  those christian patrols can nippleboard me all day long , i will not forfeit ... 
  sorry i do n't want a society where children learn that heterosexuality is a choice ... yes even at the expense of children remaining orphans ... we can tackle that problem in other ways ... 
  cause of war  ) can be see as training ... just imagining : hey fran\u00e7ois what are russians doing in romania ? ... 
  not sure angela ... 
  probably some sort of joint exercise ... 
  i see ... good to see that they finally tag along those 2 knuckleheads ... 
  then it 's ok the way it is ... 
  yes meanwhile romania will also have a join military with the russians  ), 
  under the european council ? 
  why not . . they have veto there ... 
  i read that around 65 % of french people support this . 
  i think that some of them are hypocrites in the sense that 2 years ago when burkini were a reality just as today they could n't care less if arab women were forced to wear those cloths ( i mean they would strongly disagree , yes ! , and condemn it , but eventually this was not their problem ) . 
  my suggestion is that a lot of those 65 % come as a backlash to the terror attacks . 
  even i as a non french resident feel inclined to it , but let 's not kid ourselves , and lets call it what is it ... it 's our need to fight back against a form of islam which we find invasive ... 
  this will be a hard debate trending for a while ... 
  in my view , this has nothing to do with women 's right to wear something or not . 
  i think this mostly has to do with what we interpret something . 
  at the moment the a lot of french people see burkini as symbolizing a form of radical islam expression . 
  if this can be really backed up by actual scientific data , have no idea , and anyhow no one cares at the moment . 
  but i find that this has nothing to do with the fact if a man or a iman forces a woman to wear a piece of specific clothing or if that woman truthfully believe this is how they should behave by their own convictions ( similar oh how we decide on a daily basis what to wear ) . 
  this is a reactive measure in the wake of recent tragic events against an extremist islamic movement who has a hegemonic rhetoric over the whole world ... 
  i can also understand people who are afraid of this precedents ... maybe in today 's context for right or wrong we could accept this , but in the future based on this precedent , it can be build a rhetoric and ban something we consider unbanable ... 
  are there other eu countries which have stricter rules on the matter ? 
  asking so we can make a comparison of what will the effect of this be like . 
  cause it 's a pain to go and get the papers done , while there is almost no benefit from having them made . 
  we live there but without residential papers ( fara viza de flotant ), 
  residents , but long term non residents are around 15 % +, 
  hope so ... the last thing we need is another terror attack :(, 
  on the other hands , air transport in usa is a more successful story than european one . 
  no ... the way you interpret it is wrong even if apple would have factories in ireland that sweet deal might still be null . 
  mercedes and bmw are paying minimal taxes because they negotiated with local authorities which considered that there were more benefits brought than those taxes . 
  it was their decision and it 's in accordance with us regulations . 
  but here in europe we have other rules which both apple and irish government tried to circumvent . 
  not enough ... ( minerals ... ), 
  i know that , but was curious the value of bucharest in numbers . 
  no , i was implying to call back clothing manufacturing in europe from asia and pay here in the eu those wages ... 
  again americans fail to gasp eu * federal * regulations and make this personal . 
  eu states are not allowed to negotiate preferential tax deals with companies while us states can ... 
  so apple 's deal is just null / void . 
  mercedes pay less taxes because it is legal for us states to make custom deals if they want to ... 
  this is how us states bid for all business to invest locally ... 
  no ee countries ... 
  zara and h & m , suck for me too . 
  i usually have to get dressed from c&a , koton , debenhams , mark and spencer etc not sure what to say about quality , u can find way cheaper like no name made in china that are poorly made from petroleum based materials . 
  i have bought things from h&m , like shirts around 20 - 30 euros , which can be considered medium price for 80 % + cotton based products and the quality of the seam and how they wash is very good . 
  but those were like made in asia i think or turkey ... i imagine that made in germany / we would cost me double the least , while the quality would be fairly similar ... 
  ok from what i read in the comments he also wants a piece of bih ... 
  what is the context ? 
  shittier than shit ... but why ? 
  yes at least when russian kill people they have the decency to do it professionally like in ukraine or syria or back home * smug face *, 
  well not sure , maybe cause u have wages starting 1000-1500 euros , but in ee for example were 500 euros is medium ... it 's a different story . 
  sorry it was a figure a speech ... i mean freeze accounts of that company . 
  you do n't get , ireland can put what taxes wants as long as those taxes are for everyone and not shady deals under the table . 
  they can even make o taxes for big corporations if they want ... but it has to apply to all that qualify and are based in ireland . 
  ofc that would start a shitstorm in eu , but it 's a different discussion  ), 
  no i mean paying europeans to do it here locally ... in germany ... in france ... in denmark ... 
  a lot in ee but even so , a shitload in asia , and we know how they work in asia ... 
  is this supposed to be a positive news about ue cooperation ? 
   kinda rare species here on / r/europe ... 
  then we need european legislation that regulates our companies abroad behavior ( if your suppliers do n't follow european standards then we will fine you ) ... moral judgments have no effect vs big money :( , but it is also hard to implement and what happens if for example h&m moves from europe to usa , can we still apply those rules ? 
  i mean if clothing will be manufactured in europe , hence the cost . 
  if u throw in also a mining field ...  ) ), 
  cause russians are bad and syrians are good * wink wink *, 
  does n't apply here, 
  what can i say ... we love cheap nice looking clothing ... but could we afford clothing made with 10 euro / h ? 
  ofc they were presented on a special occasion . 
  in romania also it 's mainly worn during festivals by artists or for certain rituals during christmas in rural areas . 
  lobbyist have spending money to throw away  also more taxes in eu means less profit in america to be taxed . 
  but it 's very complicated because we also have the double taxation treaties that regulate this and there is also the consolidated financial data from all around the world in usa hq . 
   they already pay lots of tax in the us . 
  [ you should know that there are treaties that regulated double taxation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_taxation ), 
   are you of the opinion that there is a theoretical level of defense spending that would make denmark not a piece of cake for a nuclear military super power with a capital city that has four times the population than denmark ? 
  1 vs 1 ofc , but in a multiple front scenario if you have a good military proportional to your size / population , it would make the enemy to use far more resources than it would otherwise employ , making it a hard gamble on the whole front . 
  ill double check when i get at home . 
  i have the legislation on personal pc . 
  usually eu competition and local competition agency work together even when eu is the one starting an investigation . 
  yes !, 
  usa redditors do n't get it that this is not about the european * irs * but about the european competition commission . 
  ok to make it short for you americans . 
  in our country states have the authority to do any deals they see fit with private companies concerning taxes as long as they do n't go against any federal law ( if you have any in that matter , do n't know ) . 
  it 's the same here , except that the deal apple made , was in violation with the european ( federal ) law , which is in accordance with the treaty ireland signed . 
  i also explained in another post why this deal was legally null . 
  probably if the private company wo n't comply the irish ccpc will rule on the matter and fine apple . 
  ofc apple will contest the fine in the courts and a final ruling will be held probably at the level of ecj .
