  extreme example like the coffee shop are not taken into account since the alternative , making ur own coffee , is readily available . 
  probably it will cost 10 % , but the rent for the same area is 2-3 times more , hence the difference . 
  the simple fact we cherry pick what we like from it is as good as denouncing it , imo . 
  one may say that he has a point in the sense we have changed and are still `` forcing '' religion to adapt to our values , in contrast to islam where society is still under the mirage of the religious promise ... 
  id love to see some hydraulic scissors in action  ) . 
  interesting article , but in the end as battery tech progresses and it does even if it is at a lower pace , the prosumers will be asked to install battery packs in accordance with their installed capacity . 
  this way grid will be stabilized and the volatility will be reduced . 
  well you know what they say ... . automation is coming for better or worse ... 
  i think dolphins taste better ... still ... 
  i think it 's about how they have their mating seasons ... all mate at the same time or smth ... 
  no . . that is not debatable ... 
  haha back to the 16th century :d ? 
  what did she wrote about ? 
  interesting damsel  ), 
  pay per view ? 
  is n't there also a `` muslim '' party that may get 1 or 2 representatives ? 
  does scotland have an army to begin with ? 
  this whole separatist movements in the uk might become dangerous ... hope it does n't get to that ... 
  can it be one time deal ? 
  or u have to do it regularly like for a chronic disease ? 
  oh such a sweet little boy  good present for erdogan !, 
  as long as it keeps the blood pumping no problem with it  ), 
  this is the new hype here ... 
  are those tulips ? 
  meaning they gon na overcharge everyone :d, 
  meaning ? 
  yes read that . 
  in that context the dutch move was brilliant . 
  irrelevant since not even those margins are not taxed as they should be ... 
  damn ... the face of the turkish minister when he started speaking in dutch . 
  his non verbal went haywire  ) . 
  very very intelligent move !, 
  a wto moment ? 
  that would be the case ... 
  made me giggle :d, 
  yeah romania 's story since '45 :p, 
  so the eu asks the 50bn , the uk ask 60bn and promise they will play ball if eu just pays the difference !, 
  an below azerbaijan is rajoy ? 
  made me giggle :d, 
  i am not saying from the laws and liberties point of view , but from a person 's point of view . 
  same in germany for those who work in the food industry . 
  there is a region/land famous for this but i cant recall the name now . 
  the authorities keep a blind eye because this practice makes the region very competitive and productive ... 
  ur country is where ur heart is . . 
  i think most of europeans farmers will be thrilled to know turkey wo n't sell us their tomatoes anymore  ), 
  why not a chimera ? 
  un is nazi remnants !!!!, 
  only if u can convince them to leave the guns at home :d, 
  that is different and has other aspects in mind . 
  and we 80 % of the income distribution who pays their taxes get screwed again ? 
  ah ok . i understand now . 
   if romania wants to join the euro-federation it is no question that we have to build romania up first , but we accepted romania to the eu , that means we are not allowed to reject them from the euro-federation . 
  so yes , we will have to invest money into romania but we would be investing money into a part of the federation . 
  as for the army . 
  true your equipment is outdated ashell . 
  but we have the money and we have the equipment , what we are lacking is menpower , thats something romania can give . 
  its not that you have to invest 10 % or your gdp into your army . 
  as you wont have an army . 
  there would be an european army . 
  you 'd have to invets a certain portion of you gdp into the eu , as does germany and any other member . 
  that is the problem , that you wo n't be allowed in the federation project even if you wanted . 
  this is the fear of the east . 
  since it will take us at least a 50 years to truly catch we standards . 
  u mean 25 % of the political active nl youth is mena ? 
  the problem with deficit spree vs austerity is the inability to channel a constrained budget into things that will generate higher returns . 
  so because the political class is incompetent or just does n't listen anymore to smart people since their interests do n't align anymore they prefer to do a mess by usually cutting everything so that they can meet their budget targets . 
  what i am saying is that , you can afford a deficit if that deficit it will generate a gdp increase next year . 
  but if u throw money inefficiently then your so called investment is just current expenses that wo n't generate anything ... there is also a problem of redistribution . 
  just look at the united states where the capital owners , both individual and companies , do whatever possible to not contribute to society . 
  in '95 when the new trade rules where established and capital owners gained a lot , the * contract * was , ok we give capital mobility so you can optimize yourself at a global level and for you to get a shittone of profits but you will bring those profits back to the capital origin so i can fix the damage you created . 
  since they did n't keep their end of the deal we are in the current situation where everyone is hating globalization . 
  the fear is real tbh . 
  lets take my country 's example romania . 
  we were accepted in the union based on a purely political decision . 
  technically we were nowhere near the requirements both socially , economically and culturally ... so the problem with the multi speed is not that we might not be willing to do more is the fact this time the technical walls will be there ... you want to come in out fiscal union romania ? 
  oh cool ... but you do n't qualify sorry try next decade bye bye !, 
  you want in our mutual army ? 
  oh cool ... but not with that outdated equipment ... go make upgrades and we will talk ... yeah but that means 10 % gdp ... well not our problem bye bye ... etc, 
  why does nl youth is attracted so much to his ideology ? 
  i 've seen in some analysis that he has a good grip on this demographic ... 
  in romania we have around 3 mil emigrants in the eu , so that 's a lot , more than 10 % of the population and around 25 % of the active population i think ... 
  for god 's sake ... a polish guy won , is commander in couch ... wtf is wrong ... 
  or u can answer in spanish but accept the question still . 
  dont like that . 
  tbh at this political level id expect everyone to understand english and to respond in spanish , french , italian etc. 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4hxgvbrzfca this guy also does n't know but still he tries lol  ), 
  yes either married / secular or hieromonk , but u ca n't be inbetween . 
  because no one wants to be hieromonk they are forced to marry  ) . 
  they cant be full fledged priests if they are not married . 
  in romania we joke a lot on this since some of them find their wives on the internet cause they have arranged a church to take and milk but they just need a wife . 
  it 's hilarious, 
  i know that . 
  but some people do n't care about the system they do n't identify themselves with the system they care about the just themselves and their immediate gain ... why u think brevity happened ? 
  people with lower standards of lives competed with them . 
  on the job market , i do n't want you to compete with me cause maybe u are better and you might take my place . 
  i want to be protected from you . 
  no , people want protectionism and less competition . 
  they want to get the best personal outcome with the lowest input ... hence the answer we got . 
  they do n't see the fact that they will be the receivers of better services lets say , but only the fact that they will be a potential victim . 
  this happens especially in places where things are good enough as they are and the utility of any increase in quality is marginal .
