  this is when the energy authority has to intervene either by imposing the investing in storage capacity or to make their own storage capacity ( which will be charged for a low bid on kw whenever there is surplus and sell it for profit later when demand peaks ) . 
  yes i was thinking also at this `` fathers have to be the main breadwinners '' , so i might have miss placed the still . 
   price discrimination , price differentiation what is the difference ? 
  ok , just a thought , would n't be better that this sum of money follow the child and be independent of what people do . 
  meaning that this sum could be substituted if the parent tries to apply through elterngeld ( borrowed the term from a previous comment hope i got the concept wright ) or in the form of paying for a nanny . 
  career is also very important nowadays and probably a woman can take a break for 1 child in her twenties and maybe a second later , but more than that and you can say by by a proper career ( take into consideration that a in some systems a parent can take off even 28 months from work , pre birth included ) . 
  i am not criticizing just spinning some ideas ... 
  well the principles were sound but the application and the craziness of nazi beliefs perverted this idea . 
  no it 's the same everywhere . 
  mothers are still considered more appropriate for child caring , while fathers have to be the main breadwinners . 
  this is the traditional system , also inequality between genders helps this situation . 
  yes last week we learn that brexit has yet to show any negative effects so far , and not only that but everything is going great and we have a general optimist , new economic deals and so on that seem to benefit the uk . 
  not sure what to believe anymore ... 
  well imo paying them not to generate electricity is not enough , they should force them to invest those money in forms of energy storage systems . 
  or better eu should invest in hydro pumps where the ecosystem offers this possibility as a viable source of energy storage ... 
  sorry do n't take the comment seriously , it was a joke :p, 
  at least someone has some common sense in turkey ... 
  yep almost no drugs during the communist era in romania , but oh well so were n't any other things  ), 
  does n't matter , people still fall prey to nationalism and isolationism ... 
  just v century turkic propaganda  ), 
  well as long as it can penetrate skin it is good enough for civilian use . 
  yes but kinda expensive . 
  some say he is a pro moscow , and advocates for normalized relationships and the economic sanctions should be eliminated , is that true ? 
  man , we are not that worried about his views on gays and islam , that is more your territory as a voting frenchman , we are interested on his view on eu and geopolitics can you pls present more insight on the matter about this potential candidate . 
  any views on the future of the european project , eu army , principles of the single market , russia , turkey , usa etc ? 
  lolz the 2 countries want to coordinate better when russia invades finland :d, 
  for a second i thought you also burn alive goats for sport like spaniards do with bulls ... 
  in romania digi offers 50gb for 4euro or smth . 
  that graf is bullshit , u get more data plan from buying lays than what that graph tells u. also all ips offer on mobile unlimited data plan but limited bandwidth to 128kb/s after you have passed the data plan ... 
  the rest have eagle . 
  if u are good at programming just come 1st to romania , u will be a god in terms of qol , then you can upgrade to weurope . 
  yes bbc is still a standard ... 
  tbh if i were europe i 'd give british citizens freedom of movement , as well as access to labor market and education if they want to . 
   they genuinely did n't expect for the referendum to succeed ... 
  their moral support , the fact they are there close to you , keeps u cosy at night . 
  this is all gibberish , the real battle will be over taxes on goods and services taxes and quotas ... 
  common tactics to development sharks all over the world . 
  thanks god there in scotland he did n't have to courage to try and kill them ... 
  britain tried an all in bluff when negotiating their place at the table but in the end only managed to get the whole house burnt . 
  yes , we kinda prayed for them to stay with us ... 
  well u are asking how to interpret tacit consent ? 
   is having sexual intercourse without consent justifiable ? 
  i would be curious why they did n't stick to this . 
  the moment you say it in public as head of state it is !, 
  why do you think the east would be enough ... i find sweden quite yommy . . 
  so many acolytes and zealots ... 
  yes !, 
  take the bastard by the balls !, 
  ur the only one who can do it !, 
  the fat depiction might be accurate , but the food is delicious . 
  the next step would be the ban of energy generated through coal . 
  205 euro net x12 , minimum here . 
  or it can be a superiority thing . 
  like some groups think about themselves that they are superior to others so gaining membership is pretty hard . 
  natural segregation ? 
  ok not going to take this personally ... 
  yes you have top high education but your system came with a cost , low access to it . 
  on the other hand europe may not be as top tier as urs but our is cheaper and the masses have access to a lvl 8 / 9 education ( while urs might be a 10 ) . 
  and do n't even go to the asian education system . 
  there is pure slavery ... 
  being the best is religion . . 
  he is a populist with no clear ideology that will do what ever fits his personal agenda at a certain moment under the constraint of his intellectual capacity ... 
  he is helping china ... 
  u missed a great *, 
  too bushy, 
  i see they are against french spice and german sausage lol, 
  the only thing i understood is that half of the women are pro tax fraud ... :(, 
   obama walks relentessly through europe , consults with merkel , hollande , with major us allies , trying to see how and what can still be saved from a very predictable trade war . 
  one that certainly will isolate us even if we do not , let alone if we want , but the real problem with trade wars in history is another . 
  usually they are only preliminary steps towards real wars , those serious , with tanks , bombs and missiles . 
  and with so much hatred !, 
  no point in developing a huge military infrastructure on the atlantic shore imo , instead use those resources in the east and south . 
  the problem is that isolationism has eventually the same answer , in order for me to have it better other need to have it worse , hence wars . 
  globalization has at least some firewalls against this in the sense that any ripples you may create it will eventually lash out at you . 
  have we ? 
  are the sd bad ? 
  yes which means the purpose of the eu army should no be just russian deterrence but take into consideration overall european borders . 
  ofc some less than others . 
  ld do n't be so sure on the validity of the popular vote , because the american voter votes in accordance to their system . 
  basically the participation in states where there is a clear winner beforehand , the participation is lower from both sides . 
  so we ca n't assume to know what it would happen if the american voter would have been conscious about a popular vote , where every vote matters . 
  yes i would n't want those central americans to flee south , let them join the na economy so they can make it great again :d, 
  by bombing everyone else . 
  if u ca n't produce in the rest of the world , than by exclusion , usa will become the only center of the world capable of production , hence they will be great again ... 
  people do n't want competition at a personal level , but they want the benefits of fair competition ofc . 
  this one of the reasons brexit happened . 
  400km south on the black sea , also largest port to the bs . 
  just 2 phrases . 
  competition is good for society but bad for the individual . 
  it was a strategic move . 
  the russian fear was that in 24 months they ukr would commission sevastopol to us . 
  but that does n't mean we should let them with what they did , cause by the same line of thought i think constanta would best next place for power projection , naval and aerial , in half of the mediterranean sea . 
  do n't worry france we have airbus in romania , we have you covered : *, 
  no , but does it matter ? 
  yes romania , most resistant country in europe , 
  the common market ( free trade agreement ) without freedom of movement is not appealing for europe 2nd gear . 
  you would have to ditch the others members in order to be accepted . 
  the single market it 's only ideological for countries on equal footing in terms of wealth and economic power , but for the rest is an economic requirement . 
  the eu has the right to protect its local business from any outside entity , uk included from next year . 
  no one is punishing the uk , it 's just economic warfare 101 , britain has to understand that it switched from cooperation to competition with the eu .
