  it is if spain considers that they will not deploy their troops to help romania or estonia or finland for example . 
  nothing against spain , just for the sake of example . 
  i mean it will be by all mean a very unpopular decision to send troops in support to other countries and at least atm very few governments will have the balls to go against the public whining . 
  well according to the pentagon , by 2030 - 2045 , china will be top tier country with the highest everything trade , gdp , military etc , india , us and eu 27/28 will be tier 2 countries . 
  well he works 24/7 - maintenance . 
  no , the monkeys also worshiped allah and they were the 1st mujahedins . 
  dude if europe would keep old grudges alive we 'd be killin each other by the millions . 
  but what does a 200y nation know when their only enemy was put in reservations . 
  we 've been doing this shit for 3000 years , and seems more than you can count ... 
  why ?!!!, 
  ca n't he remember wrongly ?!!!, 
  u nazi !!!, 
  yep old joke but good one nevertheless . 
  because the researched never went towards that direction . 
  energy was mostly a by product and nuclear plants were factories of warhead material . 
  i think just before fukushima the japanese created a new reactor that was to use all the leftovers from older reactors . 
  even the new generation of russian nuclear reactors are way more ok and use all the uranium , or so i 've read on phys.org . 
  green in it 's many forms is the future but we still need a non volatile source of energy and that is for the time being nuclear or natural gas . 
  coal is the worst and the most damaging . 
  yep reliable stuff !, 
  well if it was n't for the meltdown possibility , nuclear ai n't that bad to begin with . 
   uk will still be around only possibility for uk not to be around is if someone will nuke it . 
  otherwise they will always be around . 
  yeah all site use so why bother . 
  just use a cookie cleaner . 
  yep it may suddenly grow !, 
  yeah but at least once a day you have to visit the trump ... sorry trunk . 
  hey voted against what they feel is a rigged system in which they are always oppressed . 
  so basically they gave their vote for the worst guy as a signing bell that they feel left out . 
  when the russians come a 4 inch knife wo n't do mate . 
  not enough to make it sting for the russians . 
  smart boys , romania should have done the same considering we also have more entry points , land air sea . 
  if you are so lazy to wash ya dick u deserve the consequence ... 
  i see what you did here : - , 
  stupid bimbo doing what trump would do ... 
  if u are circumcised you jerk it here and there ? 
  yes , but you can see it as an investment . 
  does n't really matter for the austrian worker skilled or less skilled since they just make the competition for a limited number of jobs fiercer . 
  haha , ask basescu how he handles a similar situation  ) ), 
  no because their main argument is : | we are superior to them , we do n't need them . 
  muhahaha  ) ) this guy, 
  my thoughts exactly ... :(, 
  we understand  ) we have the republic of moldavia , and we want to annex it !, 
  or at least this is what they say 24/7 on sputnik . 
  well ive read this premise in different articles . 
  the dm would have a higher value cause of the trade surplus . 
  but the euro is the average value of all the countries in the eurozone . 
  so even though germany has a surplus that does n't affect the euro because the deficit of the other members . 
  if germany has growth , ee also has growth because of the supply chain . 
  it 's not enough because the scheme is based on programs and rational spending , while some states need direct transfers to fuel their inefficient machines , hoping that by buying time they can fix their systems . 
  well there are the eu funds which are distributed ( and where germany is a net contributor ) but you say this may not be enough ? 
  depends most of their demand is subsidized by the state at this point . 
  but in the future when they will find jobs probably they will create a `` true '' demand . 
  but it is no bubble is just that the market increased , with the german state providing the initial boost . 
  after greece fiasco , better to not get the euro before if you are not ready ... 
  well offered somehow if you think at france and its immigrants from its colonial empire , and because other factors were taken into account like culture , geography , level of development , market value and so on . 
  the ee is accepting austrian products and services , maybe the ee should put quotas on austrian exports even if the alternative products are not the best . 
  not quite , free movement is a way for the system to balance itself given you have free capital movement and free market access when you have actors of different development . 
  western goods destroyed eastern local economies which were behind in terms of efficiency , quality and branding . 
  the trade was you come in our country and take over our market but our people , which are affected by this , will have the chance to get a more prosper life in your country till the point we will reach an equilibrium in 30-50-100 years . 
  it is easy to see e -  w migration but there is also s -  n migration which is driven by the same reasons . 
  commercial music , gaming , binging . 
  day to day leisure activities . 
  or some dont understand the artistic value , or just do n't like it over other traditional ways to pass time . 
  we have 16 % income tax  ) and there are some deduction based on children that start from 40 euros up to 180 euros but only for poor people gaining bellow ~ 450 euro . 
  but it 's not the best system and in a big city a family would need around 1400 - 1800 euro to have a decent life and take care of a child ... 
  kinda exaggerated . 
  but yes one needs to feel that he has some safety nets . 
  turned 29 and still do n't have a family so do n't sweat it . 
  this is how old people think . 
  if u 'd have a baby at 21 tbh i 'd be tempted to say that smth is wrong with you and that you are irresponsible and do n't care about your education . 
  hey ... we are talking here about mr boris ... 
  this is like in a mastercard commercial  good job hamburg !, 
   ) this guy, 
   ) omg !, 
  and since he is a frenchman , how is he with the gals ? 
  or the fact that we kinda know that segregation of any kind has bad outcomes , and because we know that the reason they want boy and girls separated is either cause they consider that girls do n't let boy express their full potential , or cuase they they wan na be sure the merchandise stays in perfect condition till marriage . 
  muhaha this guy  ) ), 
  1k / year for skilled worker does n't sound that much . 
  i doubt it will have any effect unless u have to pay it in full in advance . 
  is it possible that valls may resign and give him his support ? 
  maybe he killed a hooker ... 
  better a cold war than a hot war , imo . 
  what can you french people tell us about macron . 
  who is he ? 
  what are his views and what to expect of him ? 
  thx, 
  my grandpa had cow bells but they were small , below 500g id say thingies and not those monstrosities ... 
  lol everybody knew about it . 
  any sane customer would know that the numbers they present in the brochures are even 20 -30 % off . 
  it 's not that simple , europe manufacturing relies a lot on the branding of its auto makers , the prosperity they gave , the value they created and the jobs they employ . 
  to hit them in the balls when everyone else does it also , although it may be the righteous thing to do , is just counter productive . 
  on another note , executives have to face criminal charges cause this may set an example . 
  otherwise , fines or no fines , everything is just business decision and risk calculation and we get people who take decision that affect millions and if they screw up they get a fat pay check and an early retirement . 
  well a weaker pound makes imports less competitive and give a boost to export given you have what to export in the 1st place . 
  she was like in the summer 5m ago . 
  i can i understand what u mean just by thinking the pricks that went to italy from my grandparents village ( not gypsies ) or the ones who emigrated from my home town ( a lot of them are in drug smuggling ) . 
  but the gypsies are the most visible and their behavior is just outrageous to the point id think ... ( i better not write such words ) . 
  also i some guys who are somehow mixed . 
  they went for work and they are working whatever they find , but given the opportunity they would break the law , like for example they would come and fix our home and maybe do a good decent job , but if they hear that in the weekend you are going in the alps , oh well they wo n't miss the opportunity of a break in ...
