  the idea is that for every euro i get , the state gets x cents . 
  also i was n't referring to income tax but all the taxes associated with an individual work contract , pensions , health , unemployment , work associated risk fund etc. 
  no sure how is your bacalhou but i am not that keen on fish . 
  i eat it , but i do n't like usually the after taste . 
  i did a simulation for a salary of 1000 euros net , and for that sum the state gets 750 euro ... the burden for a tipical minimum wage is around 63 % and it goes up to 55 % if you have some social particularities like more than 4 kids etc. 
  even for it which do n't pay income tax , the rate still is around 47 % , but they are an exception . 
  dream job of the future , half of the planet will comment and the other half will filter what they comment  ), 
  tax evasion is a problem . 
  i am thinking about my country , economic boom or somewhere inbetween the lines , but we can barely raise taxes at around 25 % of gdp , while most europe is at around 35 % + . 
  mostly because of the generalized tax evasion and underground economy ... 
  in romania , work taxes are around 75 % of net income ( but the burden is split between employer and employee ) . 
   stronk europe tank challenge say thanks romanian 's were n't there !, 
  and we do n't have a mbt !, 
  as an officer yes , as a citizen no ... 
  or cancer ... which both kills and leaves you bankrupt ... 
  nop , but tanks will patrol the streets , 
  3rd time 's a charm ... 
  the rifles are ok , they abide to nato standars and are produced locally . 
  also great export material . 
  the iron guard where freaking even the fascists with their death cult . 
  i think you eat too much meat ... 
  debatable ... 
  btw who produces axn 's crossing lines series ? 
  fair and cheap would be that the quota to be at a european level . 
  meaning that in romania the 20 % to be formed by movies / tv series from all europe ... not 20 % romanian content ... : /, 
  it is already regulated , they want harmonization . 
  or the next smthexit, 
  cause media is a product and like all products in the single market , the rules should be the same in every corner of the market . 
  also this is why they try to reach a consensus . 
  no , but most membership is eu . 
  ok , but what about being part of the new eu army project , is that compatible with your constitution , public consensus ? 
   if turkey succeeds . 
  as if the rest of the ** european ** countries would give in to turkey shenanigans ... 
  why ...  we are already kinda socially entangled ... 
  they were people brought from the whole country , urban and rural , people from some state owned companies that were given free day to go to the protest . 
  psd wanted a rally and they had it and since they did n't really try to hide the facts it , people were more amused than angered . 
  nop , i am also very sad how the whole financial crises ended ... recommend mark blyth on the subject . 
  people were asked by the media and they confessed after which local psd leaders also did n't hide the fact anymore . 
  it was a political rally and people were incentivized to come , waste a day of their lives and travel several hundred km to the capital . 
  this is what they did in the states with the bank shitty assets . 
  the fed to the toxic assets and shoved them in a big dark whole in its balance sheet . 
  the grass is as lush as in skyrim screenshots ... reality can be so mirific !, 
  owned to france gov , or to french entities ? 
  the doc does n't specify . 
  sensible topic i know , but did n't expect to get downvoted this much , since my heart is in the right place , 
  for the social democrats in romania , during their last rallies people were paid  ) or how they like to call it : politically incentivized . 
  yes ... all countries have this ... france has it , romania has it , hungary has it , uk has it and the list could go on an on . 
   edit : i expect this getting downvoted to hell . 
  not on my watch !, 
  what differences ? 
  so they do n't want to share money . 
  i see ... well in all countries there are rich areas and poor areas , and despite efforts the poor get always financed by the others . 
  also the same system happens at an individual level through welfare ... tbh not sure how to fight that with arguments . 
  they were saying that this is a state coup . 
  also one of the `` specialist '' of the panel in one of the shows who now acts as a lawyer for corrupt politicians but was previously in law enforcement , said repeatedly that it was a situation in which the police could be justified in opening fire with war munition on the protestors since this was a clandestine operation to overthrown the democratic elected government . 
  it was utter shit show , i could n't even stand to watch , but the headlines and breaking news tags stormed the internet . 
  the positive thing is that people took this with humor and started bringing more personal dogs with different posters handing on the dogs with hilarious messages . 
  also , in response to people 's complains and threat of boycott some corporation withdrew their advertising from those tv channels . 
  yes , a fair question ... 
  i understand it very well . 
  you are marginalizing the events and the reasoning behind the protests , by attacking the fact that the protests were also encouraged by the whole civil society , hence also ngos funded by soros , which is a fact i ca n't dismiss . 
   ) / sorry could n't resist :p yep maybe they can find a common ground and guide us to the light . 
  romanian puppy ? 
   ) new tag puppies of europe lol, 
  the ball is starting to roll it seems ... whatever that may mean ... 
  lolz , so we should fk off and suck it up from corrupt politicians just cause someone might influence a critical mass of sorts ?!, 
  you are using a strawman argument . 
  no one would have cared protesting if they would n't have passed that ordinance . 
  basically the ecb has to buy new greek tbills at a 10y or more maturity date . 
  15b , well they could also buy the 12b from the imf as they tend to complicate more the negotiations . 
  but what is the real reason they want separation ? 
  you ca n't win an argument with him . 
  it 's tribalism 101 . just like rotterdam people would want independence of amsterdam cause their port is bigger . 
  catalans were never spaniards they are a different people subjugated by the spanish empire . 
  time they get their freedom !, 
  no , cause it would not have any legal meaning . 
  it will be just shit show and nothing else . 
  how ? 
  will the french buy all the state owned companies ? 
  will they buy some islands and make some tourism or even a military base ? 
  we did n't protest for ngos , for soros , for universities etc. 
  we protested against changes in the penal law and against amnesty law for incarcerated people . 
  the ngos did n't really participate the people just got scared on fb and flooded the streets . 
  are there ngos in romania , ofc . 
  had they anything to do with anti corruption protests ? 
  hardly . 
  exactly my point . 
  i gave an exact reference so people can understand how some romanian news station operate as a whole . 
  cringe media ... 
  mistake or uk usa difference ? 
  do you even know why did we protest in romania ? 
  when we had our massive protests in january / february the government controled news media , basically our fox and friends , said that over 100.000 people where payed to protest , and that the payment scheme involved paying participants 10 euro more if they bring their dog and 20 euro if they bring their infants . 
  ofc everything was payed directly by soros through its ngos . 
  this really enraged people and even more protested the following days / weeks . 
  yes the only solution . 
  triage centers in respective countries ... 
  we did n't choose ... we were forced . 
  cause and sudden effect . 
  yep like in romania , soros payed for the dogs and the babies ... 
   ) heard trump gon na make a dyson sphere around mexico , type 2 also around the corner  ),
