  yep . 
  they are members of a institution that has rules one of which is how to dress . 
  it 's not the same thing ... 
  if only she had the looks ... 
  exactly . 
  remember orgasmic sharapova  ), 
  fking aliens !!!, 
  that 's what they are !!!!, 
  what ?!!!, 
  allah at the bar ?!, 
  so no more drunk sex ? 
   ) this reminds me of an old joke . 
  h : baby i want you so much !, 
  berp !, 
  s : honey not in the mood right now !, 
  h : oh yes you are !!!!, 
  after 5 mins ... h : thank you baby u are the best !!!, 
  nighty night !, 
  wtf is this ... 
  this is not the idea but people do n't know how to express it properly . 
  if shit were to hit the fan i guess no one would doubt that germany , france and uk wo n't get involved actively . 
  even is some politicians would be somehow reluctant i am sure the military has also his way to persuade a call to action . 
  the problem is that you give mixt signals , when it 's better just to keep the bluff up . 
  the idea is that a strong bluff strategy minimize the risk of smth happening . 
  so it 's better to prevent than to provide reactive actions . 
  if top dogs continue to mingle on this subject some heads in kremlin might get ideas . 
  personally i despise politicians that do such thing because they usually do it just to pray on peoples natural fear of war during peace times and get votes . 
  as long as ankara does n't furthers it 's belly dancing performance for putin , romania wo n't veto . 
  yep that also , considering rent and associated utilities and services especially, 
  those green ass holders are tremendously cute lol  ), 
  lol this is the new trend ... every medal for europe :d, 
  it also happened in tennis ( men ) when mergea / tecau beat the brazilian pair ( semi finals vs. melo-soares ) ... the public was obscene for a tennis match ... i think they are mistaking other sports for the local football/soccer field ... 
   it is better if we hire them to clean the streets , tend public gardens , work on the railroads but they wo n't do those jobs because they find them humiliating . 
  those jobs in we are usually for migrants either from ee or africa/me . 
  u saying that work taxes are more than 100 % of income ?!!, 
  if people found out about it then it 's definitely not true ... those warheads are better of in fort greely or guam lol . 
  maybe but why not putting them to work . 
  for example of u have a camp for around 50 - 100 ha . 
  but instead of using tents , put them to work in constructions , which is still very labor intensive and it does n't require a degree for most of it , and a lot of people already have a background in it . 
  put them to work for creating the infrastructure for their housing district . 
  pay them let 's say a decent minimum wage , while automatically put them in them to contribute to the social security system since they are employees . 
  it will surely cost more , but most money will go domestically ( the money for the materials will go to domestic companies ) , and the infrastructure will remain . 
  housing , schools , hospital and very very important police ( with translators ) !!!, 
  atm those camps are not policed as the rest of us are !, 
  this will also help start to differentiate them who is who , who knows what etc. 
  those people for better or worse do n't come from the jungle , they schooled . 
  we need a constructive way and time to do a triage of the refugees ... ( also indexing , we need to index people , biometrially , prints , iris , dental record , dna ), 
  those guys are crazzzzzy !!, 
  good references  ), 
  not sure if all eu countries have an inheritance tax . 
  rom\u00e2nia does n't have one for example . 
  i was explaining what he was implying plain and straight . 
  historically i think we can find english backstabbing , but from wwi onward they were always there when needed . 
  politically i could say it that uk did n't show fair play , they should have never tried to enter the 1st place in eu , should have stayed in the commercial agreement as a good sport ( as other non eu countries are ) . 
  they have always known that eu is trying sooner or later some sort of federalization and the uk would have never accepted this , and they always tried to block this process by any means , always were the special child . 
  my point of view was the second paragraph , it 's not about the purpose of the meeting , it 's how it is perceived . 
  a lot of compliments and goodwill displayed towards a country such as russia . 
  imo britain went there in a position of weakness . 
  a more reserved position might have been more appropriate . 
  i am afraid that the next title will be smth like : romania helps isis kill our children ... 
  would a tsunami help ? 
  ready to rally in the streets , ciolo\u0219 is life ciolo\u0219 is hope ciolo\u0219 is freedom ... also the 6pc has some structural flaws . 
  it 's based on a overheated economy and on a consume based on loans and imports ... 
  if a crisis would hit us we would sink to - in a blink ... 
  \u00cen europe ( britanic ai n't \u00een europe anymore ) most education is either cheap or free . 
  the only cost is the cost of living in the city where the university is located . 
  depends it 's possible that in the cases where europe had more than 1 athlete on the podium , if it participated as on3 country , we would have lost the lower positions since for each competition there is a limited number of athletes from a single country . 
  well it 's political cleansing . 
  the communists did it , the army did it also in the 80s now it 's erdogan 's turn to shine . 
  give the man a bud for dedication to the holy cause , and on a personal note they did try to assassinate him , shame on them for failing ... / s, 
  ok then just let them continue radicalization ... 
  since we ca n't do anything about it ... also you may like it or not , but not everything is on the same level . 
  debating if we should consider someone can kidnap a woman , lock her up , drug her and rape her repeatably cause this is what sexual slavery is , is not the same as debating who should we help out . 
  i am not being a hypocrit since sexual slavery is a real thing from east to west especially on prostitution rings but at least we have a stand towards it , and police tries its best ... 
  but letting someone endorsing this shit is both immoral , non pragmatic and stupid . . 
  indeed this is true put them together in real life situations and a time u will get a bunch ready to die for each other . 
  have to say this move is indeed progressive to the point it makes my heart tremble with enthusiasm because of the signal it sends . 
  on the other hand ee countries will have another problem they might be loose important personal that would want to go join the german army for better pay and better training experience with more modern equipment . 
  basically the problem we might have with health personnel might migrate to qualified army personnel ... 
  it 's voluntary ... 
  2 % maybe but on whose money ? 
  anyone agrees that local corruption and non reforms are more to blame than eu set up , germany and romanian emigrants ? 
  my italian bosses have learnt romanian fairly easy while their english is so baaaad ... 
  eu 's and south 's fault ... 
  some consider japonese school swimsuits dangerously appealing , 
  from what i saw they have low consideration for women . 
  we might be misogynists up to a point , but often comes the point were we became slaves  ) . 
  finally an approach towards gender equality : tits or gtfo !, 
  as we walk shirtless so should women ... 
  yeah you could buy in a rentable area . 
  tbh if i 'd have the start up money i 'd buy an apartment in bucharest just to rent it while still living on rent . 
  [ for example ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/jun/26/city-of-london-expecting-further-post-brexit-losses-when-trade-reopens ), 
  in the way that they will back stab anyone and any principle as long as it suit their interest . 
  personally i wound n't go that far , but the message they send is not a positive one . 
  it looks the same as when tsipras and orban went to putin , to get personal help while promising to further russian agenda . 
  i think that london needs russian capital as a way to balance the effects of brexit . 
  some companies already said they would move to frankfurt capital market once britain is out of europe ... but it 's just speculation . 
  also it is important to know which richholes are backing up may ... 
  yes but slavery is illegal in europe and against a constitutional right ( oh yes brits don \\ t have one ) , so advocating and inciting people towards something which is illegal is also punishable by law . 
  it 's like i 'll go in the trafalgar square and start saying we should enslave jews ... in 20 mins ill have 10 cops on top me and be up the judiciary system 's ars .
