  i can see why against romanian , ive seen the footage how gypsies like to make themselves very very visible ... btw since u are a londoner , i 've been in london 7 8y ago , during a sunny summer , and st james park was just breath taking . 
  a friend of mine was there recently and showed me some pictures . 
  the park seemed like a shadow of what i recall , has it deteriorated that bad ? 
  or is just my impression ... : /, 
  it is revitalizing because their exports got a boost . 
  we have our actual own tests that enforce pisa tests . 
  we have a high rate of functional illiterate , a high the rate of dropouts before 10th grade , 50 % passing rate of our baccalaureate , etc. ... we have a system problem with our education in the sense that the system is meant for the well being of the teacher and not for the future of the children . 
  i am not saying that pisa tests are perfect i am just that in romania 's case it just enforces a dire reality . 
  if the situation in hungary is different it may be and pisa scoring might be wrong is another discussion , but i never meant to imply such a thing . 
  the red thing tells my romania is sucking bad ... 
  it is good because it raises questions about what we are doing wrong . 
   ) ) good one m8 . 
  from what i 've heard pisa is more basic than gmat . 
  gmat is mostly about practice and speed although average in difficulty . 
  cause of the anti freeze they put in the vodka !!!, 
  and what makes you think other students from other countries do ? 
  its a general joke , just that some education systems are better than others and produce statistically better results . 
  nop romania is just that bad mate ... 
  you guys are so cutish crazy !, 
  dont worry m8 with our new gov we will catch poland soon . 
  we have discussion for mass penitentiary release , laws which stipulated that convicted person can not occupy some gov functions are being attacked from all points , school principals who did n't attend the management test are being appointed back in their sits by new education minister , penal and civil code are being revised , conflict of interest law , power abuse law are being revised etc etc , in 6 months we will be somewhere in between poland/hungary and turkey . 
  the local nationalists are the ones cutting the forests , they are the ones who just assassinated a local cop who is said to have investigated the deforestation local mafia . 
  consumer society would be the worst tbh . 
  best fit for ubi would be resource based society . 
  not quite . 
  depends how will adapt the education system . 
  a solution would be to move from norm education system the 12 years of study , to a apprentice mastery education system where u are not limited by time to learn a concept . 
  i think it has to do with the fact that the value of euro decreased in comparison with dollars . 
  currency war ? 
  similar to my university years but with entertainment and booze . 
  i lived also on less than 150 - 200 euro as a student , but i had free place to stay at the dorms and free utilities ( which were also 15 - 20 euro max ) cause of my grades . 
  but you may have to think also that ubi is not for students but also for people with kinds with families etc. 
  so there is a lot of hardship . 
  shared rent ? 
  yes , hence decent . 
  how can someone live with 560 euros in finland ? 
  maybe if they relocate them at the countryside in romania they would have a decent life with 560 euros . 
  yes , since they are perceived as such . 
  ps : happy new year verylateish , 
  very old , especially in italy . 
  well yes , britain is still in the eu with full access , while free movement is helping the british manufacturing be very competitive in the labor factor , and the pound high depreciation is just the momentum they needed . 
  but for them this might be the sunny day before the storm , unless they depreciate more the pound and accept a higher inflation rate . 
  even the fox seems depressed : /, 
  unemployment becomes irrelevant as a metric . 
  people should be focusing on active population non participation rate and growth in real terms is concentrated to the capital owners . 
  the moment output is not correlated with labor in traditional way that is when we started fighting a loosing battle . 
  the only ones to benefit are the capital owners . 
  the crisis in greece happened because they could borrow at germany 's international interest rate while not being germany . 
  if greece would have had to pay a 10 % interest on financial markets instead of 1 % than they would n't have ended with 0.36 trillions in debt . 
  the west invest money in the east , but a good portion of those money , especially infrastructure investment either private or state owned , goes back to the western companies which have the technology and know how . 
  if this flux can be maintained around decent to optimal levels it is a fair trade . 
  also as poorer countries develop although they manage to intake less and less technology from rich developed countries because they can replicate it locally , due to their development the amount of money they pay to the eu also increases and the net benefit from the richer states also decreases . 
  there is also the russian * federation *, 
  space ships : - , 
  the problems is more complex , the majority feel that `` they are * sick * '' , that the situation , despite the good numbers and economic growth so on and so forth , is dire and they also feel that there is no turnaround from this . 
  people do n't understand why this is happening what is the cause and the mechanism , how it started and why it ended up where it ended up , mainly cause no one tries to explain it . 
  specialist are either bought up or have opposing views mainly due to internal ego battle in between their ranks , politicians know the truth is not spectacular and the solution ca n't come from a short term perspective , which is their only perspective mostly , and they have little to gain from running this narrative . 
  as a consequence have these similar narratives in most countries whether it is a road to national segregation in the west or the path of autocracy in the east , with politicians smart enough to ride the tide , but ofc not smart enough to address the elephant in the room and start fixing social disruption . 
  we need a new political revolution ( similar to the one happened in the 90s when the new wto treaties were signed that ) but not against democracy itself but against the relationship between capital owners / creditors and non capital owners / debtors . 
  we ca n't give up globalization , cause globalization except the leverage it gives to capital owners over everyone else , is a tool of market optimization , of collaboration and cohesion and works also as a mean to decrease the discrepancies between countries . 
  it 's not about voting for right or left , liberals or conservators , it 's about parties that do n't want to respect the rules of the game , in our case the fundamental principles of democracy . 
  well i think people are implying that you are not doing enough . 
  in romania we have a saying * the dogs bark but the bear still passes * . 
  sometimes democracy can only be protected by massive protests and if even that does n't work well i am not out of options , but i 'd rather not say them publicly . 
  1 - 2 mil people in total in major cities would do it . 
  but when is the last time protests managed to get 100 - 200 k ? 
  i hope they can not spin this and victimize themselves under the umbrella of nationalism getting more traction for next elections . 
  fellow citizens . 
  they are few but have been here for hundreds of years . 
  so they are not imported . 
  they will like it in jail . 
  germany and nordincs have nice jail conditions , almost like a boot camp  ), 
  good !, 
  seems i was right to believe so !, 
  the dead polish died on impact or died before ? 
  usually a medical report can state which killed him . 
  adrenaline rush ... 
  my heart is with you germany :(, 
  maybe after we will buy 4 new frigates we will send , 
  as clean maybe , but regarding the fuel consume everybody knew those numbers were parallel to reality . 
  that 's some weird shit ... 
  off course our main industry was based on those fraud reports . 
  everyone ( the customers ) knew it , authorities knew it and companies knew that everyone was on the whole circlejerk . 
  the moment the trade war started between the usa and europe then shitty stuff started to surface . 
  it would be worse , countries will leave both wto and eu chapters on double taxation . 
  everyone will talk all money stream that crosses their borders . 
  now u see ? 
  turkey and georgia should be in the eu  ) and also if we enter aflica and make the mediterranean a eu lake than we can build a wall similar to trump 's if not even bigeeeeeer !, 
  and south africa will pay for it , lol, 
   ) i could swear , also as a side note i think 75 % of stuff about hungary on europe are posted by romanians, 
  nop , i was talking about the indian steel company ( tata i think ) that bought a lot in europe . 
  romania has ships in the mediterranean helping with the patrol too . 
  read pussy riot made house arrests . 
  but can you blame me ? d, 
  there are 2 axes economic ( left/social - right/liberal ) and social ( conservatism and progressive thinking ) . 
  usually parties are defined based on these dimensions . 
  in romania the left is conservative while the right is liberal . 
   ) funny thing is that they bought also some of our steel companies and then they ran them to the ground . 
  shhhhh british steel will be great again !, 
  i am not sure you understand how things work .
