  it was just a political decision due to their neighborhood . 
  and atm from what i know they are participating in nato exercises and also patrolling the baltics alongside allies ... 
  per person , but even so ... 
  i have some syrian friends and they told me that war refugees get around 400 lei ( almost 100 euro ) and no shelter ... basically is a mockery . 
  finland is as nato . 
  sa and uae i am surprised . 
  it may be that france wo n't sell that version . 
  only to nato and strategic partners like sk and jap from what i know . 
  or else what ? 
  romania - they get around 100 euro / month  ), 
  i hope he does n't intend to use the locks from the pont des arts bridge ... that would be sad indeed ... 
  probably they ca n't find a bureaucratic way to steal it ... make a bribe or smth ... so better left for the right time ... 
  they are no dying they have been vaccinated 30y ago , their kids are ... 
  usa need indeed an alternative , but i think trump is not the viable one ... the problem is people are loosing their patience and would elect anybody than `` classic politicians '' at this point ... 
  yeah agree , i 've seen what romanians go in london so i feel your pain , but i was saying that things are escalating pretty quickly from verbal abuse to neck stabbing . 
  what will be next , specialized gangs in hunting foreigners ... 
  cool lets spend it  ), 
  yes the only difference is that we do n't do massive exercises involving 10s of k soldiers like the russian federation does . 
  not sure if doing that way is more effective or just costly to move around a shitload of men and equipment . 
  in romania , for presendency we have 1st tour like yours , then 1st and second candidates will compete again for a real majority . 
  i think there are other exercises in europe at the same time involving a higher number of troops overall . 
  my thoughts exactly ... 
  or flee the country for the pregnancy period, 
  the local bull population revolted waving guns and machetes against the new wave of bison immigrants ... one bull was heard muuuing : they either leave our country or we will be the end of them . 
  the zoo police said they will look into these incidents ... 
  do n't you have 2 tours for presidency ? 
  hate crimes are considered different and where the law is applicable usually they are harsher punished cause of its social effect . 
  i am not sure that if asked : shall we harass , beat and kill foreigners ? 
  you would have got a 51.9 % . 
  those 52 % voted mostly for smth else . 
  not this shit that is happening . 
  maybe small indeed , but this is n't about intimidating anyone ... this is about killing whoever is considered not english ... 
  man this is crap ... thx god it didnt hit the artery cause he would have been dead ... 
  yes we want legio xiii gemina back home ... 
  aawwww pls u all get a room already ... 
  leave the gulas behind guys ... 
  another one bites the dust ... 
  pretty neat . 
  thought the difference between frigate and destroyer was more obvious . 
  we will win and they will pay for it ... kinda style, 
  im more afraid of the south china sea tbh ... 
   mbt are n't we better off buying some apaches instead ? 
  how come u do n't have navy destroyers ? 
  at least a tiny burke-class destroyer ... 
  yes , and well it would both weird and somehow cheering the thought of an european pacific fleet , patroling the ocean as a second defense line in case something happens in the south china sea and usa activated article 5 . 
  well i think that putting soldiers together and creating a chain of command as well as making an elaborate european defense plan is not the main problem ( basically how do distribute forces around europe based on a strategic view ) is not the main problem , it could be quite the easiest part . 
  there are 2 problems : sovereignty and finance/acquisitions . 
  i wo n't expand on sovereignty issues since they are long debated and probably will be for the next decade or two , but the finance scheme is indeed a bottleneck . 
  will we vote for gdp % and everyone will participate proportionally or will it be another scheme ? 
  how will the force be structured by nationality ? 
  will wealthier and bigger nation come with more money ( as a higher statistical deviation than its proportionality ) and smaller states with the personnel ? 
  these are question which are worth asking and need an answer before we can proceed further ... also more importantly than anything else i think it is the issue of expenses , how will we spend a budged that may rival usa 's . 
  we can determine 3 types of expenses : personnel ( nothing to talk or negotiate here , although some countries my try to lobby a higher number of personnel in their area as they would definitely bring those money locally and this may get in conflict with the european defense plan ) , maintenance for equipment and bases and last but not least expenses on asset acquisition and consumables . 
  the last will be the hottest topic , since everyone will try to protect its local industry . 
  nowadays there are monopolies as countries will mostly buy from they local partners ( unless the product is of a low quality or non existent ) and they will try to do everything they can to protect the factories and workers there . 
  so one would imagine the scandal if the divisions stationed in france are being supplied with bullets made in germany while french defense contractors have to lay people off . 
  not to mention that the small countries will have to rely on 2-3 german/french/italian contractors for high grade equipment and will mostly have to shut down their own r&d which could never compete on a large scale with industry giants . 
  in my point of view , it all comes down to money ... so i think we may have a better chance if we 1st try a fiscal harmonization and law enforcement integration ( we need a true european fbi , a beefed up interpol who can take point at will in any member country with full authority over local police ) and if all is good we could try to negotiate a european army , similar to the us model . 
  or russia might draw us in a corner and make the eu army project happen at all costs ... 
  in romania uber changed its policy and works with drivers that have a company ( an ltd or other lower forms pfa - registered sole trader - etc ) and they issue fiscal documents for the drivers and customers . 
  but in the end it 's the driver 's choice if he respects the romanian law or tries to circumvent it ) . 
   streisand effect cool had to google it, 
  kovesi is the holy mother !, 
  and ciolos is jesus himself if only he would walk on water ... !, 
  still latin based are so poetic ... 
  if nato does n't start full war against russia to regain the baltics is already a broken alliance . 
  the only path true to nato 's current core values in this scenario is war vs russia . 
   no one thinks russia is going to invade and occupy stockholm . 
  ... at first ... 
  i can understand your pain , is like trying to watch dubbed anime  ) up to a point ... 
  yes up to a point . 
  having broad coverage so that online services could be accessed even from secluded places , but anything above 100mb will have probably diminishing returns . 
  i have at my apartment , it 's not that impressive , very very thin and can break easily ... 
  yes i am also for subtitles . 
  usually there is nothing like the real voice of the actor . 
  and reading everyday is good exercise ... the problem is that we still have countries with a lot of functional analphabets ... 
  the fact that we go more and more towards oligopoly and monopoly is scary ... 
  cause we can not ... what do u want to start a war with pakistani ? 
  anyway military is not always the same as politics , even if brits get out of free market etc , and even if europe builds smth like a common army , there will be a full eu/usa/uk militry cooperation in our zones of interest just like it is today . 
  i do n't see how we could get in such bad terms so that we do n't do common patrol etc. 
  also the next step as we will have a unified foreign policy is the european pacific fleet . 
  wtf said they are ok ? 
  just go to bc era and start there for all to see the great people of romania , the singularity point where everything else started how funar likes to say  ), 
  for romania it is irrelevant . 
  switch muslim with gypsy ... 
  france is the only one if i recall correctly ... 
  also a problem is money , basically if the woman delays its career or ends it to raise a family , the man has to compensate the quality in life lost . 
  but nowadays it takes to working full throttle to have a decent life ... and it seems it will be even harder for the masses ... 
  because if everyone will start building walls against each other , climbing those walls will cost everyone , some less some more but everyone will have to pay to pass the wall . 
  this is a simplistic view , ofc , there are other variables at play . 
  no , but unless all in an economic free union have same trade laws , then that union would be ineffective , because countries would just compete each other so get more trade through their customs , hence taxes . 
  ill give you the example , lets say you have a free trade union formed from a b and c. c does n't want a specific good to be imported cause it fks up its industry , b and a do n't care about it . 
  if the custom laws are the same for all 3 countries gather around and come to an arrangement to benefit everyone , but one day this changes and everyone can set their own rules while still being in the same union , so c keeps fences up cause it has to protect its companies , b keeps same laws to help c and have a `` you owe me one card '' , but a is meh and sees an opportunity , changes laws and makes those goods enter easily in the union . 
  because of that all volume of the goods is directed through the a door , and floods the market , c is threaten and has to block goods at its borders and exits the union , b does too cause a is an ass hole and everyone is back to the economic war they tried to stop 60y ago . 
  uk should have never entered the 1st place ... 
  yes ... what a weird question to ask lmao ... 
  yes i can tell as much , from what my grandparents told me about ww1 and ww2 is that while being under occupation by both germans and russians ( southern romania ) , germans were indeed authoritarian but fair while russians were just barbaric bitches . 
  do n't worry u have bulromania to comfort you  ), 
  i do n't know but i have a weird feeling about this . 
  do n't get me wrong i am pro a more harmonized europe and a pro european defense .
