  not sure we need as long as life expediency does n't go up and we can maintain a population stagnation ( 2 - 2.1 replacement ) . 
  its not about growing but having a certain demographic pyramid that sustains our social and economic model . 
  the demographic proportions are the most important aspect but also considering that life expectancy continues to increase , we need a larger base to sustain demographic pyramid . 
  i 'd say europe would need a steady 2.1 - 2.2 fertility rate on the long run . 
  also population and in our case high standard of living population means economic relevance in the world , market importance , larger talent pool etc. 
  basically it boils down to economic reasons . 
  for example if everyone in the world would be shrinking and life expectancy would be decreasing then it would not be that much of a pressure on eu govs to find solutions . 
  wet tissues from kfc  ), 
  they could buy 100 f35 + lmartin local investment and lease some of them to eu allies ... 
  not in the middle of the street like that ... 
  then what ? 
  what about polish [ pl-01 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pl-01 ) ? 
  well from what i recall for some eu countries ( italy , netherlands , norway , denmark ) f35 was a project they contributed to ... this is why italy has an assembly line . . 
  the young boy i right . 
  they never tried to actively stop them just spot the boats on radar . 
  the mission in the mediterranean is not search and destroy it resumes only to search and rescue ... and they did a pretty good job considering their orders . 
  and they are proven in battlefield . 
  those choppers for better or worse are deployed everywhere , and as a buyer you already know their strong points and weaknesses and you can plan ahead with those known variables . 
  i does n't want to do . 
  most of the time the only ones on board are the immigrants since the smugglers have already left them in open sea ... ofc there is also an easy choice . . shut down everything that moves and is n't authorized to pass through there . 
  i would not be comfortable with that ... 
  if germany buys 100 f35 will trump shut the fk up and end this trade war nonsense ? 
  balkans, 
  considering that ireland will be hit by brexit as well due to its geographical position , it is fair to say they feel angry about uk 's decision . 
  yes saber guardian 17 , started i think 1m ago and they are still at it in the 3 countries . 
  yes but they are not from this century right ? 
  yes , from what i read ( a bbc piece last year ) usually youth used to carry knives and machetes and other things , but because if caught it is easier to get into trouble it is easier to conceal a bottle of water ( which acid ofc ) . 
  yes , at best you can declare them as extraordinary revenues and then bonus the fixed wages of the employees . 
  depending on how each country has its fiscal laws there are some ways to bonus wages and not having to pay all the social contribution . 
  not at all , you pay the amount with your card and you leave the 10 % cash also ... 
  in romania a lot of them are on 2h contracts . 
  the diff is tips and direct money from owner . 
  at best they are on minimum wage ... 
  like almost 1 bil for a opera house ? 
   centre pompidou of i remember , but on the other side we have elbphilharmonie which can be the embodiment of art and high tech . 
  so it is possible i guess ... 
  fking hero, 
  i mean i think there is more art in the bridges that cross danube ... 
  but his does n't mean they are european . 
  i 'd expect with today 's technologies we would be able to create never seen before work of arts but when i see that i meh ... 
  by that findings we can say that africans are stupid monkeys who can barely be considered human . 
  but if you look close enough you might see that iq scales with urban development and wealth levels ( new studies find that tests iq tests on the same individuals drops as their standard of living drops ) . 
  after all what is the brain ? 
  it is a like a muscle , one has to use it if you want to have it develop . 
  i do n't have children , but my best friend has a toddler , 1 year and a half the little bugger , and i was curious on the games and toys he is bought . 
  most of them are themed around pattern recognition , making spacial correlations , image sound correlation etc , and now he started playing basic games on the tablet and so forth . 
  do you think those do n't affect the cognitive development of an individual ? 
  turks do n't have freedom of movement cause eu didnt want to give it , not that turkey refused it . 
  it 's about leverage . 
  read the label . 
  what about it . 
  usually it should be evenly distributed . 
  have n't heard of areas with geniuses and areas with stupid people so far . 
  ill tell you the problem with african migrants . 
  they do n't know at least a general language and also are mostly uneducated people you can barely read or write not cause they are stupid but because there is almost no education infrastructure in that god forsaken continent !, 
  naruto also . 
  is a very common theme in fantasies . 
  http://www.freewebs.com/lord_ofthe_rings/theargonath1.jpg https://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/naruto/images/4/48/valley_of_the_end.png/revision/latest?cb=20150414024937, 
  yep, 
  but jack ... 
  epic, 
  where is a sniper when you need it . 
  1 head shot would be enough to scare the shit out of them . 
  this is fking madness ... 
  yes ofc . 
  minimum wage is in the end a redistribution scheme and sometimes it can fairly help . 
  maybe i 'd prefer robots to immigrants . 
  the bigger the labor pool the bigger the population hence the bigger the consumption of at least basic goods and services ... 
  nop . 
  most money got skimmed by pro enterprises who got to do the training and conversion of unemployed rural individuals . 
  those guys got payed like 200 euro to participate and in most cases the courses where a joke with inflated costs while the teachers , experts and coordinators made fortunes . 
  there was an expose on some these eu fund firms and their founders and how they prospered overnight in the last 5 years amounting wealth . 
  i think you are missing the point , they will tariff all us made whiskeys ... 
  this is literally god taking a piss ...  ), 
  nooo my sweet tennessee ... 
  stupid people ... 
  lol human capital investment was the biggest fraud of eu funds in romania . 
  the car as a driving experience is great , quite top notch ( arbath ? ), 
  and the interior if you get a full option is very very nice , but in my personal opinion i find the exterior design quite ugly tbh . 
  there are other a class cars way more beautiful . 
  but to be fair in its segment , 3 doors subcompact , maybe only open adam looks a bit better . 
  why did the italians ever made such an ugly car ... :(, 
  seems it is found in georgia and armenia . 
  i had my doubts about the european part . 
  it is unregulated as far as i know, 
  disagree . 
  a ) from a resource point of view it is a waste and it may be cheaper on the short run but expensive on the long run since you have to buy the same good components over and over again . 
  remember that usually below 15 % of a good fails and needs replacement . 
  b ) for general purpose electronics those incremental improvements are irrelevant . 
  we are not talking about specialized and professional equipment which usually have little room for these types of shenanigans due to competition and professional consumer scrutiny . 
  c ) and you offset that by a lower production capacity instead of making 100.000 products per year that last 2 years manufacture only 50.000 products that last 4 years . 
  our entire economic society is based on circling the money as fast as possible which might be good for the economy but favors unsustainable practice . 
  d ) those are exceptions . 
  no they convince people that if they do n't have the last version they are uncool and their social status drops ... they pray on their fears and insecurities , yes !, 
  but i do n't think this can be legislated or that it ever should . 
  that is another thing . 
  we are not talking about changing your devices cause you want . 
  that is marketing 101 . but the iphone 6 + they will ditch is working well , it will probably be sold on the second hand market and someone who ca n't afford the new 7 + will just buy it and use it for another year or 2 . the eu is referring to those cases where the electronic devices just break and you are forced to buy another one cause they design it to be unfixable . 
  you should know that planned obsolescence is more common to bigger electronics . 
  for phones and laptops they do n't need that they just the software market to make you phone or computer obsolete after a few years , although technically it still works at 100 % .
