  isolationism promises that and has a very powerful message for the worker and for the small producers and business men , no more competition !!!, 
  workers will finally have the upper hand on business owners , and local goods and services will finally have an advantage over imports and outsourcing !, 
   this message is true and certain indeed and logical , but it is only a small piece of all the consequences that would come from isolationism . 
  what ukraine needs is a powerful poland and romania and full back up from eu as a whole , but they also need to try to change some structural internal problems like corruption and organized crime ... 
  it 's more complex . 
  it 's and amnesty package with full amnesty for those with convictions below 5 years . 
  also all those with the age over 60 have their initial convictions halved so a lot of people getting outside . 
  the problems is that inbetween these 2500 -3500 beneficiaries there are top corrupt figure heads , hundreds i 'd say , as well as in the case of the over60 amnesty : u get vicious criminals , rapists etc. 
  another point is that their freedom are not conditioned on paying the damages they are due to pay ( in case of corruption charges for example ) . 
  also they want to cancel a law that regulates conflict of interest so that they can hire their relatives without any repercussions . 
  another point is that they want to set for the * abuse of power charge * a starting minimal damage of 45.000 euros for it to be prosecuted , meaning as long as you steal below a 45.000 threshold you are free of any penal charges . 
  and it 's romania not hungary . 
  20.000 - 30.000 in bucharest was the peak . 
  and for our track record it is a loooot !, 
  these are the main departaments de france . 
  why are n't the french working ? 
  as the whole world lol, 
  lol pour thing . 
  dar un gulash ? 
  ah yes the cute vampy !, 
  id search that all day also . 
  austerity can be good at a macro level , but not when everyone does it . 
  one can try austerity when everyone else is overspending , and then overspend when everyone else is freaking out . 
  basically is a compensation mechanism between public and private spending . 
  also project based investment should not be affected by austerity but the utility of each project should be reassessed in order to prioritize . 
  the problem with investment is that i does n't work when those in charge with the investing are corrupt . 
  generally speaking . 
  buuuuulgaria who is that apparently cute gal ?!, 
  lol !, 
  and a sandwich, 
  wtf where is the snooooow ?!!, 
  yes but knowing how to do those things will impress the ladies , 
  because she loves u !, 
  nop not refugees either . 
  but the rise autocratic leaders who want full control over every aspect , threatening the rule of law itself ... 
  not turkey , more like hungary and from yesterday romania . 
  our media . 
  i know  ) i was joking a bit, 
  ask google images , there are no feathers there !, 
  i know what you said but it was ambiguous , so i corrected it . 
   living in the eastern region of romania , in moldova ,, 
  what is so special about canap\u00e9s except you have to eat a shitload to feel satiated ... 
  all companies who had main hq in uk will have to move part of their operations on mainland and establish a new european main hq . 
  if that will be just an upgrade of a national hq with same staff more or less but with more responsibilities or just mass movement of operations while downgrading uk hq that is to be seen . 
  anyway highly doubt it that manufacturing will be moved , at best new projects will be delayed , and it may be possible that some companies will use this opportunity in order to implement new ai and automation capabilities to the new sites . 
  too illiberal at the moment . 
  well italy just needs a tsunami and she 'll score a hatrick ... 
  for a second i thought u were a russian troll . 
  there was the debate that may only wants capital movement while merkel is interested in goods movements and a compromise would be reached , hiding under the rug the movement of workers , exactly what britain wanted to begin with . 
  alarms is a overstatement . 
  puppets do what puppets are told . 
  we have real fish to fry internally than russian trolling !, 
  question to our frenchmen , how is this issue considered by the french ? 
  doesn it/she gain anything internally ? 
  ok wo n't debate that , but at least cluj ... 
  why no sofia and bucharest ? ... 
  sad, 
  cam flamabile buchetele pe la voi  ), 
  but we wanted it to be perfect so that we show the middle finger to everyone else with an european exceptionalism flair !!, 
  eu am baut in weekend o palinca 55 * in care s-au lasat la macerat samburi de migdale . 
  yes lets fking tweet their arsses !, 
  those are the official exports . 
  romania exports also other invaluable things , 
  yes we would bomb the fkers !, 
  we would made an example out of moldova so that russia better know what is in for !!!, 
  * that 's ma gal *, 
  nope i 'd just depopulate it from all promising youth through scholarships and other means . 
  it 's the best punishment seeing it going into rubble 1 brick at a time . 
  yes but it replaces 5000 box pushers with 100 supervisors and maybe another 100-200 highly skilled in charge with the maintenance of the robots and the overall system . 
  the problem with mechanization was that what was considered a highly skilled expensive * blacksmith * was replaced by 5 people with no skill who made 10 times more products in the same amount of time ... some people 's networth zeroed overnight . 
  that was one of the main problem of the previous industrial revolution . 
  it was not like the skilled * blacksmith * could n't go back to work in a factory , the problem was it was both a social and financial downgrade for him . 
  also other disruptive techs like the telegraph ( later telephone ) although it did indeed lay off 1000s of currier boys , because the adoption rate of the service was modest , the expanse of the new tech compensated over time what was lost as previous jobs . 
  but this is not the case of cars where not the shortage of drivers is the main holdup and say wow transportation through autonomous cars will grow exponentially and the jobs related to that will compensate the number of obsolete driver jobs . 
  in the current economic environment , yes capital owners are alpha dogs . 
  it wo n't be the same as it was with the mechanization . 
  also mechanization was a dumbing down of the working activity if you think about it . 
  most jobs before mechanization we based on a mastery education system , meaning you would have to practice and practice over a long period of time before you could be successful . 
  mechanization and the production line changed that for the masses . 
  basically almost anyone if he had a minimal capacity to work he could get the job done . 
  the final product was n't anymore massively dependent on the human skill , at least not as before . 
  later on , the concept of hyper specialization was embraced and combined with bureaucracy and regulation expanded the job market as much as possible . 
  now we are somehow going back to basics , meaning there will be new jobs but they will mostly be advanced skills jobs which are not for everybody even in countries with a good education system . 
  also i think that because the offer of overall jobs will be small in comparison with the demand , the jobs wo n't adapt to the people 's possibilities but the other way around . 
  people will have to ferociously compete for the remaining jobs , or at least those who will be able to ... for the rest , god have mercy and hopefully we 'll find a good solution ... but it ill be a while till we will acknowledge mass disruption , 2035 + ? 
   what does `` have people '' mean ? 
  like the number of inhabitants of a country ? 
  he is off his meds . . 
   , they are the ones in the best position to push compactly a constitution reform . 
  there wo n't be protest or change of mind in the parliament once their `` web platform '' will have voted for whatever grillp suggests with the usual high percentages of yes . 
      if they even get fratelli d'italia and/or leganord to vote the same while pushing towards euroscetticism propaganda , they would have zero problems . 
  no sure if inflation is the answer ... 
  worst case eu27 will leave the wto agreement and start double taxation . 
  the way i see it the war will be over in less than a week . 
  probably death count by the millions . 
  and here i thought the swedes were the good green friendly immigrants ... 
  yep but she did that under obamas sway ... who can blame her !, 
  i know mate , just jokin and pokin, 
  atm china is busy getting their hands economically on the african continent . 
  me too : - *,
