  yes cause you can have multiple devices connected . 
  you may have 1-2 phones , 1 laptop connected at all time when home for example . 
  also i think those statistics take into consideration also office lines where you need the extra juice . 
  ( peps get bored and watch porn during lunch hours , or so i 've heard , but do n't tell anyone else , it 's a national secret ! ), 
  no the real bargaining chip is custom taxes on made in britain stuff and hurt them economically , and restriction of capital movement . 
  humans are a resource . 
  eu can gain if it can attract it . 
  i know he is not `` king '' , just saying that political people are spineless ... 
  maybe but they will still recognize de ring and kiss it eventually , and those who wo n't will be eliminated politically imo . 
  more likely groper in chief, 
  more likely groper in chief, 
  we should prepare for urban warfare and advanced insurgency tactics !, 
  poland did ... 
  i loled  ), 
  i jizzed in my pants, 
   ) quality british humor !, 
  vat is payed by final consumers ... and it is not included in the 22000m, 
  hold your horses boys , imo it 's not smth systematic . 
  remove iohannis and kovesi , and it will go back to its old ways ... we have elections in 1 month , if the corruption initiative wins it will be the beginning of the end ... 
  is this a cover after another song ? 
  and he is still a public servant , just in another eu institution ... 
  i would like for each country to have the full price split in the 3 main components : production cost , distribution cost and taxes . 
  this would be way more interesting . 
  also do n't get me started in beauty and hygiene products . 
  same product , same price , sky rocket difference ... 
  yes but we ee people have embedded the idea that western products are superior , which is true but only if you buy them from there . 
  unfortunately companies took advantage of the customer mindset mostly for profit , since in many cases is the same price they charge for the product . 
  also for many google is hometab . 
  so it has this advantage , u start your browsing session with pinging google , 
  and put in jail the parents ? 
  those children did n't marry by themselves ... 
  as volume or surface ? 
  i dont know how to explain better . 
  it 's the principle of communicating vessels . 
  the principle states that the level of liquid tends to be the same on both vessels . 
  so if u have extra water , lets say from melting antartica the rise of the planetary ocean should be similar . 
  but if you make a dam on the mediterranean ( one of the vessels ) , the extra volume of water wo n't spread equally . 
  so instead of a general 1m rise in all vessels , u would get 0m in the mediterranean and 1.25 m everywhere else , if you try to drain further more the mediterranean by another 1m to create even more earth mass , given the planetary system of water distribution stays the same , it will increase the all oceans by another 0.25 m. 
  so while you create more land for south europe and north africa you flood everybody else . 
  given the stakes i could see that if the impact is visible china would declare war in order to save shanghai . 
  just for the lulz france would have to declare war on itself  ) since it borders both vessels . 
  the numbers are just for the sake of the example and have nothing to do with real volumes of planetary ocean data . 
  the problem might be that the water might circumvent the dam and flood portugal and coastal africa . 
  also 2m saved in the mediterranean could mean maybe 0.5 m high on the east coast ... that would stir up the pot ... 
  i am not against russians expanding the infrastructure network on their money , it 's ok , the more pipes come to europe the better . 
  the problem is not to let russians buy our infrastructure . 
  also we should build regional networks so that all europe is integrated from greece to norway , and from spain / italy to romania . 
  well it is depressing cause i hoped we would be average at least ... not top row ... on principle racial profiling is structurally biased , meaning the more you break down against a certain group the more statistics will support it even more , while other groups are ignored ... 
  damn more depressing news ... :(, 
  well i presumed you have ... pardon me kind sir if i was wrong !, 
  it 's in the soil lol !, 
  no ... god !, 
  it was funny comment just as saying do n't jinx it  ) why you all taking so serious this conversation :p, 
  or u can buy it to dismantle it . 
  it 's the best strategy for market control . 
  buy companies , take all their know how , then the moment that the market is saturated or on a downward trend , dismantle them and promote the chinese product as an alternative which was created with the know how taken from the buyout . 
  western companies did it with romanian companies which were competing them on the international markets . 
  but as always there are way bigger whales than us europeans . 
  ok , same principles should apply for russian companies . 
  ofc not , but in romania there is organized crime just like everywhere else . 
  and u do n't need an exodus , just several gangs are enough to make some visible damage and to get a public outrage . 
  and you have to start again from scratch . 
  this is why it is fundamental that the mistakes which were done when fighting the crimes that took place in western europe , do n't repeat themselves ... 
  unfortunately for the organized crime this may prove just a new business opportunity . 
  i am hoping that bucharest / montreal anti crime units will collaborate and monitor closely the situation ... 
  maybe i misunderstood them , but they said that the purpose of wwii was fighting the bolshvism , and the only reason they conquered here and there was to protect them from this new vicious ideology aka tough love baby ... 
  if we abuse it , they will reintroduce them , from what i read in our national media . 
  so lets hope for the best ... 
  canada to remove visas for romanians . 
  would be more precise i guess . 
  yeah , got the flair , but u never know what those crazy persons are cooking up ... 
  that was the 8 am update i think , i saw it in the early morning , info from late last night i think . 
  i got news he got 51 , xx % might be wrong i 'll recheck . 
  edit : yep that was at 6 am , seems he dropped to 48 , xx % update 08:17 - at 99,33 % we have : igor dodon - 48,26 % maia sandu - 38,42 %, 
  bite ur tong , we do n't need another war at our borders ... 
  nope he has majority, 
  yes , it 's quite the norm . 
  but if you know the movie 's language it is better to have the subtitles also in the same language so that over time your brain will associate the correct writing form for a specific word u hear . 
  no sir !, 
  do n't think eu will offer ft to uk , that would make the _ exit a good business . 
  so economic protectionism and quotas will be the norm imo . 
  hope this will settle it ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita, 
  a better metric will be in 2017 , when we will a clear trend . 
  ofc some will still want to come to try their luck , others maybe will go to other countries . 
  hard to tell what will happen . 
  the august metric still reflects a pre brexit situation . 
  because europeans are filthy gay warmongering fascists with imperialistic tendencies who have forgotten god and do usa 's bidding !, 
   britain has to trade openly with europe , and vice versa . 
  a soft brexit is the only way to do that , and avoid a race to the bottom is it me or he obviously forgot the elephant in the room , free trade comes in a package with free movement . 
  sorry i am color blind ... 
  i know what investopedia says . 
  and even the example they give is biased since it 's more an example of inheritance tax ( which is indeed double taxation ) . 
  and i disagree with their opinion on the matter . 
  also i know the difference between a creditor ( a bank or an investor who buys company bonds - and where there is both principal and interest / coupon rate ) and equity owners . 
  but fundamentally is the same thing , there is only a difference of risks and payouts . 
  remember that an equity owner can always sell the company and get his principal back at a premium or at a loss and can choose if he wants his interest today as dividends or he wants to capitalize it in the equity he owns ( reinvested profit - in some countries it is taxed with 0 % ) . 
  i explained to you the philosophy based on which i consider taxing both the company and the shareholder as fair and in accordance with the social contract . 
  we can agree to disagree on the matter , but do n't challenge my understanding of the economic concepts . 
  just replace your typical shareholders with another company who specializes in buying and selling equity and you will see that taxing both entities for their specific gains makes sense . 
  actually this might benefit ireland because of how the algorithm weights assets , labor and revenues .
