  you could post this in / r/italy ? 
  it will be a hard year ... 
   employees to the list of shareholders so employees can `` decide '' the fate of their companies . 
  now this might be interesting  ) i can see a lot conflict of interests . 
  why people do n't use tor in romania ? 
  simple !, 
  we hardly use it since we can pirate at 10mbs + rate with no problem . 
  this migration wave ? 
  ok cool ... so what are his plans for france ? 
  are you sure ? 
  maybe the young educated ... and are they a majority ? 
  well the idea behind the encryption is that not even the companies should see the content of messages . 
  if this is not the case , then as long as there is a court order no problem , give them everything . 
  yes indeed ... arhoy melads !, 
  take the initiative bomb them ourselves  ) / s i thinks he wants us to negociate 21392 years with the russians a un resolution . 
  and here i thought he was a chick guy ... 
  cause people change ...  ), 
  http://imgur.com/akrwd19 compared pib % and pop % for the eu28 and made the ratio . 
  the higher the better . 
  maybe in 20-30 years after you fix your house and we ours ... sure why not !, 
  what did nokia do ? 
  cool posting from work . 
  romania , 50km over speed limit which can vary from ( 30 ) 50 to 130 . 
  reni , guido - europa and the bull, 
  cool lets make statues since we just modernized all hospitals and schools ... 
  well you know the saying ... it 's god 's will ... :( / s, 
  a bit sad :( i understand why it did n't matter in the past since one could n't know , but nowadays there are special screening just for this ... 
  we want freeeeeee of tax mangas !!!, 
  yes but in the end they were still french , just like it was in poland and romania . 
  people just aligned with the devil in order to pass the bridge . 
  russia pls educate your citizens on the path to orthodox righteousness . . 
  haha  ) you should see romania 's patriarch . 
  he would make any top100 ceo envious  ), 
   lgbt legislation you mean that sect with a rainbow fetish ? 
  :p / s, 
  what if the baby has a genetic condition ? 
  in this case will it allow abortion ? 
   in germany , abortion is generally only allowed in the first trimester same in romania . 
  and ofc under special circumstances even after . 
  just say the fking truth ... the youth was bought by soros ... / s, 
  in romania , we killed the one who was no . 
  1 just that what was considered no . 
  2 to take his place as a democratic leader for more than 10 years . 
  also during the next 10 years most industry collapsed and it was literally sold as scrap metal ( some expensive ) to austria and germany by th new generation of old communists / savvy entrepreneurs who got filthy rich . 
  things finally started to get better after 2000 ( nato and eu membership was a real factor of growth ) . 
   imprisoning your opposition is the most cowardly thing you can do . 
  they should be happy they did n't end up like putin 's opposition ... yet ... 
  this poster made me think about [ gangs of new york ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0217505/ ), 
  the red is stronk with this one :d, 
   this is because the process to make alfa romeo 's is less efficient no just because bmw has better marketing and has built a better reputation . 
  after a price tag it is very hard to make a difference between products . 
  it 's just what is cooler to a greater audience . 
  the growth , numbers etc were just to exemplify not actual growth . 
  lamborghini ... see ... it has an h, 
  i think they have 5 y now ... 
   ) epic, 
  the drivers are still romanians who pay their taxes ... some shitty workers are replaced by others ... !, 
  i do n't case as long the service is of better quality . 
  during news eve , uber for me at least was a blessing ... 
  i dont know what is tax scam at uber . 
  in romania all taxi drivers are need to use a company ( self employed or limited etc ) and everything is happening though bank wires , transparent . 
  also uber agreed to share all their transaction to the romanian fiscal authorities . 
  it their duty to go and verify taxi drivers that they pay their taxes according to the law , not uber 's . 
  geographically below rome , like in the south . 
   why would they import it ? 
  singaporean chinese had this for ages . 
  sorry i did n't give context , a month ago there was an article about his project and how chinese investors where very interested about it and wanted to mass produce this at home , like entire neighborhood , you know chinese style . 
  the funny thing was that when i asked some italian redditors if that project was a real achievement in what it promised or just pure hype and nice magazine covers , they said it was mainly hype and that there were a lot of problems with the plants , the system , high maintenance etc etc and definitely not a project worth replicating . 
  they do n't hate it per se , as long as things go well eu was fine but after the crisis people started having second thoughts ... 1 ) individual competition . 
  because of the free market and because most economies constraint or barely grew there was a lot of pressure on the labor market . 
  people in countries who did well had the problem that very qualified from east and south came and competed with them on the labor market , and in the south they had the problem that people from the east and ame came and basically undercut them at the pay levels , especially in the unqualified sectors . 
  as a consequence because a lot of skilled workers flooded the work market there was suddenly no room for the youth . 
  why hire a 20y old italian kid that asks for 1500 euro when you can hire a 35y romanian who has work experience and he is ok with 1200 euro ?!, 
  do n't get me wrong the east has a huge problem with the people who emigrated , but no displaced westerner would come to work in romania mainly cause of the pay in ppp ... 3x - 5x less ... 2 ) industry / service regulation at the eu level . 
  whether it 's safety consumer or is environment and although these regulation are scientifically backed up , they create winners and losers . 
  usually countries use these regulations as entry barriers and a form of modern soft protectionism , and practices are not harmonized . 
  so when a new directive from eu comes and says that it is not right the way you handle the hygiene at your company , or the safety protections at your plant it infuriates business owners . 
  also not everyone is affected the same , as there might be counties which have already similar standards or even stricter but usually companies have to pour billions at the eu level to comply , which makes their products more expensive . 
  again it depends from case to case . 
  for some this may leed to bankruptcy . 
  and if a plant is force to shut down who is at fault : the eu . 
  do n't get me wrong the eu knows what they are doing , they are trying to level the plain field in-between countries so that everyone can compete on the long run from same position but also can protect the eu market as a whole from asian and american competitors , but if you are an export country you will loose competition on international markets cause well you need to prevent pollution back home , or the rights of the animal ( for the sake of the example ) . 
  3 ) euro crisis and austerity . 
  this is more complicated and tbh it is above my level of understanding especially regarding why austerity does n't really make any sense at a national level the same way we do it at an individual level ( where basically the rule do n't spent more than you can afford is every citizen 's bible ) . 
  you can cheat deficit spending on the long run through inflation etc etc or somewhere around those lines ( someone with advanced macroeconomic studies or monetary policy might be able to properly explain / eli5 ) ... but regarding the euro is simple : in order for some countries to be able to sell again ( not them ofc , but their industry ) they would need to deflate all their products . 
  so here a crude oversimplified example : you have an alpha romeo at 30k euro and a bmw at 30k also , but almost no one will by the alpha romeo , so you need to make it 24k so that people might balance that . 
  so how can alpha romeo do that : at the production line ? 
  hardly they are as advanced as the germans , state of the art bullshit from siemens and bosch ( :p just saying ) , cheaper materials than bmw ? 
  ca n't work cause then the customers wo n't be satisfied . 
  what 's left ? 
  waaages !, 
  ok let 's slash people 's wages by 20 % to cover the price drop !? 
  but you ca n't do that cause economy is a fking social science ... and a good economy will go bullocks if people have the impression the apocalypse is imminent . 
  so what the south is asking is ok you fking german cunts , price your bmw at 40k and we will price our alphas at 32k so we can also make an annual raise of waged of 2-3 % and everyone in italy is happy while germany will just have to make happen a 20 % inflation rate at all their competing goods ( the german worker will still earn more than the italian one in ppp ) ... and you see this does n't happen at when you have the same currency , just as guys in the sicily will be payed less than the guys from milan even if they do a similar job ... all countries have the same problem with underdeveloped counties / regions and over developed ones or just the urban vs rural ... we are just not wired to consider italy and germany regions of a bigger country , although we have the same phenomenon happening in every country , basically in our backyard ... 
  those bmws are becoming cheaper by the day  ), 
  guess these debates are really a bitch , macron has to pull his shit together ... 
   ) ca n't stop laughing, 
  loolz made me think about a glory hole ...  ), 
  utilities like internet , phone , cable , energy ? 
   international law enables leaders like assad do whatever they wanted as long as they are backed up by someone in the security council with a veto right .
