  red meat ( pork ) all the way !, 
  3 times a day , also high fat cheap and low quality salami and sausages , mostly white bread , sugar - lot - , and most of all almost no exercise after 30s when you probably need it the most . 
  also kids at school are given money which they use on crappy junk food , instead of a home made sandwich or similar . 
  traditionally main course is late dinner when everyone is at home around 8oclock + . 
  also festivities involve almost only 4-5h dinner with no activities involved . 
  we just eat and talk , no promenades , no group activities or doing anything else that does n't involve a full plate in front of you . 
  medical care suck , in rural area they hardly have any access and most of them die without ever knowing they had a heart condition . 
  there is almost no prevention not until it 's too late and the dmg is irreparable . 
  people just prefer to bury their head in the sand than face the hard truth that they are exposed to a heart disease and they have to change their way of life ( my father lashed out recently when we were telling him to eat healthy that he better dies than not eat like we wants to - so you have also this ) . 
  not sure if i forgot anything else . 
  hardly , weapons are bought locally by terrorists . 
  small ... get the new 10mw ones . 
  this is what happens when you have crazy leaders aka dictators . 
  also considering it 's cheese i 'd let him cross the border ... but customs officers are also idiots . 
  i ca n't see did he push her or not : /, 
  no one cares about integrals anymore , floating point gets all the girls in town . 
  finally what brexiteers have been wishing !, 
  wow bucharest region is considered over 30k : /, 
  yes !, 
  that irish bastard !, 
  my bad :( truly ashamed, 
  you know that think that the eu ripped out like the hymen of a virgin ... lool, 
  no it is n't . 
  dublin is just very worried cause they will be fked over if real customs will be imposed between them and uk . 
  because most of the population does n't want and more over see romania as an imperialistic bitch . 
  also moldovian politics and bureaucrats do n't want because any unification would be a de facto absorbtion . 
  which is why it will probably never happen and we live just like germany and austria , 2 different countries with the same language . 
  yeah lol, 
  buuuuut sovereignty ?!!, 
  finding dory ... but what 's hungary supposed to be ? 
  considering there is a automated system on board ... could work , 
  is it possible we could be exposed to frosted pathogens ? 
  one of that bright lights comes from untold 2017 !!!!, 
  yes but this is another issue . 
  ukraine is an european suveran state , it is not fk up islamic `` ngo '' ... 
  having 450ha and just bought 1000 ha more . 
  lol yes , preservation instinct  ), 
   not at all . 
  we have 2 world wars as proof we can not get along without some overarching political , military and social framework . 
  we have 2000 + years of continuous petty and greater wars ... , 
  that he would do her if she were 40 years younger ... lol, 
  beware the rogozin , guys !, 
  people are crazy here ... no one said they wanted to roam free from country to country , but just to reduce the paperwork ... you send notification , if it is agreed you can pass with it from one country to another , similar as we use our passports , similar how trucks have the cmrs ... 
  moldova 's export capacity is so small they do n't even matter for the eu market ... and they already have trade deal . 
  this is why we need a fking hyperloop ... where is the anti trust when you need it ... 
  eu , us , china , russia , india a bit later, 
  a clown from russia, 
  it seems that budapesta did n't accept their request to land . 
  bad habits die hard i guess  ), 
  yes we know  ) alert on all news aggregators . 
  it flew above poland and hungary . 
  russian planes seem to avoid ukraine from what i read . 
  flight nr : glp157 https://www.flightradar24.com http://cdn-st1.rtr-vesti.ru/p/xw_1434123.jpg, 
  you can not just deny pass on a whim . 
  you need a concrete motivation backed backed by law . 
  to my understanding , in this case rogozin is on the list of persons that has interdiction on the eu . 
  the question is why poland and hungary did n't enforce it ... 
  apparently . 
  he flew economic class . 
  too many ifs , if eu - us gets worse than it will be just battle royale on the world stage . 
  russia will never recover it will just be handed out from autocrat to autocrat . 
  salt is also an e, 
  chill dude , i am ok with the answer just found the approach funny :p not criticizing you , 
  so put sell the real thing for a real price or at least make new product versions with different labeling so we know we are n't buying the same thing ... 
  lolz how is the copy paste working for ya :p, 
  the sun : because they are busy making bombs  ), 
  at tl ; dr pls , considering it is also paywalled . 
  finally rationality ... 
  yes sometimes in ex communist countries the left is economically socialist while their social doctrine is conservatory . 
  hence the confusion with the western politics . 
  the way i see it the aryan race is threatened by overuse of steroids  ), 
  need better resolution op, 
  it 's a figure of speech whose purpose is not to compare palestinians to cockroaches but to emphasize on the level of determination isreal would be keen on showing if left unchecked , ofc in my opinion . 
  that does not solve the problem because the guys driving the boats are disposable . 
  they are just like gang bangers and will be no end to them . 
  for 5k those africans will gladly do several years of prison . 
  and ring leaders are a mistery and only operate on the african continent to my knowledge . 
  so for me the only logical solution is to up the stakes for the smugglers , meaning their lives . 
  are they really ready to bet on that . 
  even so it is very tricky to do this . 
  it may be considered crimes of war as smugglers are not considered enemy combatants . 
  lolz the smugglers not the migrants . 
  they smugglers are always fleeing off in small boats would be really fun fo the military to use their infrastructure to find and gun down . 
  they made an encompassing expose about the new generation of protesters : ** enqu\u00eate sur les nouveaux protestataires ( 4/5 ) ** romania is just study case no . 
  i am not talking about the immigrants . 
  i am referring to the smugglers . 
  ofc they gon na keep saving the immigrants , but it would interesting if smugglers could be considered the facto enemy combatants . 
  about fking time !, 
  time to send the big boyz !, 
  no more just search and rescue , now search and destroy . 
  even i romania we know some products have some % of horse meat by their traditional recipe , but to see at the country side people sacrificing horses in order to be consumed or even in the urban areas , you can not find horse tbone or smth . 
  i would say that in our collective reasoning horses are similar with dogs . 
  ofc they can be eaten but no one would in normal circumstances cause it is just not culturally right . 
  what we have usually is that old horses which are not productive anymore might be sold to the slaughterhouses , but only because the owner would never consume such a meat directly . 
  probably that is the main issue . 
  what do you mean by worthless ? 
  the branch revenues ? 
  their inability to carry projects ? 
   like they are fleeing for something . 
  lol have you seen the news recently  ),
