  i am telling what can somehow cure this problem ... 
  that witcher girl ... 
  yes but in our case is not about being against it , which the majority is indeed and also the current legislation forbids , but putting this in the constitution ... as to making sure that neither future generations will have an easy task addressing this . 
  but cbs ... but fake news ... / s, 
  possible . 
  corruption must be contained one way or another ... 
  it wont . 
  under aged people will still have access the same way they have today . 
  but at this point there is no reason why not to try . 
   never hurts to try, 
  not sure it matters . 
  from what i have heard they have plans for all their europeans centers , uk included . 
  i think other google hotspots are in zurich , munich and dublin . 
  irrelevant . 
  you can make it 5 years or 25 years , i do n't think that will affect in any way alcoholism ... 
  do you want our kovesi ? 
  she ca n't get a next mandate in romania . 
  i am on the verge of making a terrible terrible comment ... 
  union save romania, 
  yes , but the bulk of financial jobs regarding eu are in london and the not the way around . 
  so yes some will come other will go but we have to look at the net number . 
  external storage  ) and amazon goon security ? 
  still  ) rape is rape , anal is anal . 
  you comparing apples to mangos  . 
  no , i mean their new concept store . 
  in and out access with mobil app . 
  you make it sound as if anal is a negative characteristic , 
  internal affairs  ) kgb, 
  its about the girls doing white collar stuff , not baby seals . 
  there are a lot of soldiers who have nothing to do with fighting but with chain of command , bureaucracy etc but hey have to use the uniform . 
  like at any jobs women still stay to work for the 1st 4-5 months , hence the visible belly . 
  seems like a petty fight since amazon will just obliterate then all ... 
  fiscal union ... 
  republic of moldavia ? 
  or our region . 
  til : despite the aegis / patriot systems and thaad , we are very much in a mad scenario when it comes to icbms ... 
  i do n't know what happened in poland but i know what happened in romania and why we * lost * our factories employing millions of workers , and it was for the best in the end . 
  dude ... do n't be a toad ... 
  productivity and efficiency are the only things that matter . 
  also the same thing happened in the west , industrialization and agriculture steadily declined leaving room for services to take place . 
  and at the rate at which industrialization develops and automates it 's output / unit of labor will increase further more , but because there is a limit of how much we can consume adjustments will have to be made to the labor parameter for equilibrium to exist . 
  industrialization for the sake of industrialization makes no sense if you ask me . 
  even with the million ukrainians ? 
  :d if that 's the case i know some syrians who used to work in construction back home :p, 
  pure roman ... back than the sex was great , 
  have no idea ... stopped playing in 2015 . 
  just upgraded frigates, 
  i think they were testing their cruise missiles . 
  south korea ... 
  they are good cause when we need to post smth on europe we can use it . 
  we do n't have english media . 
  haha til danish car industry is like artisan ale :p, 
  denmark does n't produce any cars as far as i know :p, 
  yes but usually the wage salary is produced after the fact in the next month . 
  i see thx . 
  in the future , for it to succeed the final end game should federalism from my perspective . 
  the time frame and the moments when the line of federalism should advance can indeed be debatable and it will probably need some specific circumstances . 
  maybe religious freedom should be limited to philosophical ideas that support a certain religion , while dogmatic practices can be put to scrutiny ... 
  this is the [ initial building ] ( http://ghideuropean.ro/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/bibliteca-nationala02.jpg ) project started in the late 80s but abandoned . 
  just after 2006 they reconsidered the project . 
  ok fair enough . 
  but how will this be implemented ? 
  how will german authorities verify how much gheorghe is paid in bucharest ? 
  if that 's the case germany should negotiate for the whole european auto industry not just premium brands ... dacia would sell nice there :d, 
  wan na see if someone is triggered by erepublik here on / r/europe, 
  thx i 'll dig into it . 
  from what i read atm the rage in the planned starter package is around 250 miles ( 400km ) with some prospects for high end to up to 500 miles which is still below your 80l diesel tank @ 2.0 turbo . 
  i am also interested in those who are not under unemployment , but also do n't work , although technically they could . 
  no one is publishing that number . 
  what about normal vehicles like renault/fiat/seat / scoda in the 15 - 30k range ? 
  do you have any idea ? 
  now ... if they would be 2600 years old ... now that would be a real discovery :p, 
  any pressure on wages ? 
  but what did he mean to write ? 
  similar to [ ours ] ( https://bucurestiuitat.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/dsc08726a.jpg ) [ more ] ( http://www.eastcomfort.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/bibprim.jpg ) or [ less ] ( http://www.nwradu.ro/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/1-biblioteca_nationala_panorama.jpg ) . 
  it 's nice but does n't come close to the national french library . 
  on the other hard what is more important for such a building is functionality not necessarily art . 
  which debate ? 
  did n't she skip it ? 
  do n't read to much into it . 
  it is a political decision how much gold a country should hold , 
  thx , 
  what is the joke ? 
  he means use the private free network for illegal activities while protecting their identity . 
  do you need formal declaration in order to send black ops ? 
  they are enemy combatants in a war zone . 
  no pc for them , just consoles ? 
  : / believe my friend that is true hell !, 
  cause if you are a french guy at a 3rd generation it may not be possible to revoke ones citizenship . 
  this is pure architectural porn ... 
  too bad the guy in the painting is mourning ... 
  on the short run yes . 
  the bill will increase , on the long run because we already have viable alternatives they will shift and expensive ones will be abandoned . 
  with respect to energy production , at least from what i read wind and solar are economically viable to coal , but if we think broader to pollution and sustainable human activities , there are industries where there are n't cheaper greener alternatives and those will end up in our pockets . 
  but this is at best a short to medium problem . 
  on the long run technology can find solutions probably and we have not to forget the 50 year forever fata morgana of fusion power  . 
  indeed  ), 
  like your sarcasm  ill give ya my vote and ill se myself out !, 
  yes but the military wants smth to replace the tow atgm or similar gear against armored vehicles . 
  sux ill have to buy access through a vpn ... or worse sub netflix,
