  i buy a lot of feta and it 's not from greece ... 
   larne , ni since the bill is aorund 60 billions who cares about 90 mil more or less :d and even so ... the facility will remain in ni . 
  did n't check the detailed information , just that germany has around 250bil at 80mil pop while netherlands has a 50bil at 17mil pop . 
  and because we do n't have enough mobility as to level the plain field . 
  eu has around 1 % mobility heard in an interview while the us has a 10 % work force mobility . 
  ofc europe has other barriers like different social services for each country and different languages ... also i think netherlands exports as much as germany if expressed as current account per capita . 
  services probably . 
  bot also takes into account inflow of capital ( on the debit side ) . 
  it 's a reality . 
  serbia would have been as brutal to foreign interfering as it was towards their internal enemies . 
  also albania would have been the aggressor lol , and their gesture would have been exactly what russia is doing in crimea . 
  well the point is that the end really matters as long as the way you achieved it is not virtuous . 
  colonialism was what we might call today a social experiment . 
  it 's basically a similar to the following debate . 
  you made some kids learn math and excel at it , but you managed this by using violence . 
  in the end the kids learnt math ... but you bit the shit out of them and they learnt it by fear and not with pleasure . 
  why are the germans voting for le pen ? 
  they have danube  ) no need for sea !, 
  because serbia would have razed albania from the face of the earth . 
  also no one would have a backed up such a move , not the west and not russia . 
   http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/balance-of-trade, 
  but with services and capital the numbers would be way higher ... 
  the numbers for uk are different on other sites . 
  so info is not that legit imo . 
  considering 2016 full year , the total trade deficit widened to # 39.4 billion from # 29.8 billion in 2015 , as imports increased more than exports . 
  purchases of goods and services went up by 6.4 percent to # 582.3 billion from # 547.2 billion the previous year , mainly due to higher imports of goods , with 61.2 percent of this rise coming from eu countries . 
  exports rose by 4.9 percent to # 542.9 billion from # 517.4 billion in 2015 . source : http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/balance-of-trade smth is off ... 
  well psd will catch up fast, 
  now this is smth tasty to lol at, 
  it 's the other way around 570imports 370exports, 
  i think a lot of people do n't understand how the balance of trade works and it 's not only goods and services it 's also capital movement ... and a way to sustain such a deficit is through debt, 
  not by nature for each country . 
  paywall, 
  ok but how was the pound sustained that high ? 
  cause of its role as a financial market hub ? 
  it would not help , it would just move from trade deficit with eu to non eu . 
  i would like to see a breakdown of the imports and exports for britain . 
  a lot of countries are just fine , while others have a negative trade balance but the situation is not that dire . 
  at the eu level , we have a net balance of 40bl euro with the rest the world . 
  the rest is basically wealth reallocation in between member states . 
  the only legitimate question is what on earth is the uk importing soo much : / ? 
  french do really know their medicine !, 
  well the same logic should ban most of the me . 
  but this was not based on logic ( as flawed as it may be ) but on populistic opportunity . 
  yes but they are punished ... what do they want more ... they want to kill those cops as revenge now ? 
  damn it touched me ... 
  this is truly disturbing ... 
  because they are a form of theocracy which we despise as a concept of state i guess . 
  to what ? 
  brexit was also about the romanians who rape steal and kill . 
  well the faster they pull out of eu the faster they wo n't be bothered with this bureaucratic headaches ... 
  lol they are unhappy that the companies do n't control everything like they do in america . 
  i saw same map few days ago . 
  and dobrogea too  and now look at what that overspending led to ... 
  some of these things have to do with the devaluation of the pound . 
  except the russians are pushing to mariupol and odessa . 
  maybe greece should also give up already macedonia region ... or the aegean islandes ... 
  when erdogan starts sinking greek vessels probably . 
  oh you too !, 
  just get a room already !!!, 
  ps : beware of the peeping tom ... 
  i think some sort of combo between education and a spirit for negotiation at a subconscious level . 
  he means liberalism ( as in not conservatorism ) which he inherently identify it with the eu . 
  immigration problem is just a way for him to disguise his true feeling . 
  you are special !, 
  but people also know how to speak spanish right ? 
  because of principle . 
  do n't meddle in our affairs !, 
  but but but beating is right out of heaven !!!, 
  omg the level of cuteness ... 
  no , i presumed they threw molotovs at cars with passengers in . 
  i mean how come special forces do n't shoot them . 
  if they attack regular people with cocktails molotov that is an act of terrorism and using lethal force is justifiable . 
  because they invested a lot of money in this plane , not just the usa to my knowledge . 
  also from i know the f35 will also be build on eu soil . 
  yes we want to be immortal , to live for ever but we know through hard fact evidence that in this material plane we will die and it 's just a matter of when and how . 
  to the thought of afterlife is just a copping mechanism in my opinion . 
   burning cars with people in it how come they are not shoot down on the spot ... 
  yes that was what i meant . 
  and poland is still taken hostage by the coal industry and you have a social problem if you try to close them . 
  we lost most of our heavy industries so we use way less power . 
  the base of consume also shrinked not just the proportions between fossil and green . 
  we are not . 
  i am working for a italian company from bologna region and our wages are lower than what a cleaning lady gets there ... so no ... 
  does greece have forests ? 
  no u need cheaper price of land almost 5-10 times , more deregulation and subsidies schemes . 
  good game boys !, 
  now u can deflate those wind turbines lookalike balloons and go home !, 
  lolz sounds like hungrish more or less  ), 
  lolz really ... gutza ... i am more of a salami guy ... 
  it will probably be a back and forth dance till we will reach a federalist framework . 
  we might dodge the bullet in the french elections but i do n't know what to hope for italy . 
  till 2018/19 we need to find a viable solution for economic immigrants and refugees , we need to sort them out outside the eu . 
  the 11.4 % is mainly from the minimum wage being raised , and there are a lot of people who live on minimum unfortunately so their impact in the y2y analysis is high . 
  but the nov2dec 8 % increase is due to christmas gifts , end year bonuses , the 13th salary etc. 
  blabla they always do in december because of the end year bonuses . 
  ps : it is not y2y , it is nov to december . 
  also in january they might shrink a bit ... 
  til, 
  black sea is a european lake / s,
