  lolz if left unchecked israel would have razed even the cockroaches in palestine ... 
  while not taking into consideration that rw in europe also ends in antisemitism nevertheless . 
  smth else we did n't knew ... / s, 
  if germany is soooo keen on having all the immigrants in the world it should open recruitment center all over the african continent and fly them over to berlin with lufthansa , and stop forcing southern countries go through an ordeal they do n't want or are unprepared for ... 
  yep ... considering the quality brain drain we could perform on south america ... 
  italy should shave its balls and show them off ... 
  and ofc spain would n't care that much if it were n't for the tax heaven that the rock practically is , besides funny pensioners . 
  but a hard brexit might fix that for them . 
  it was an example . 
  it will only link big cities that do n't have straight high speed lines connecting them . 
  hyperloop will probably be smth like madrid - paris - berlin - vienna but also i have a question on how will hyperloop pass mountain regions which europe is abundant in ? 
  putin ?!!, 
  he will be immortal even if he does n't start a new war . 
  lenin and stalin will envy him . 
  and here i thought the chinese mafia preferred florence for that task ... 
  but theresa does n't gib a f. ... 
  we do n't have people living under 2 dollars a day . 
  even if they are people with no income the services they get by shelters , state , church , random people who wan na help , they get well above that limit on daily basis . 
  but they are in relative poverty , and having 10 % of the population in such a state is smth which would have to call to action especially for a western state . 
  no thx . 
  oh noes gon na have to do \u2712 scan in order to see sisters at work volume ii, 
  i can tell you the subsidies are very important ... and you get them depending what you farm and also you are bound to respect strict rules of doing agriculture . 
  also if you do n't cultivate any crops you get nothing . 
  source : i work for a trading company that also does organic agriculture through european schemes . 
  regarding tariffs i have found this as a general presentation : https://www.tcd.ie/iiis/policycoherence/eu-agricultural-policy/protection-measures.php, 
   4.7 million italians live in absolute poverty that might be a typo , 4.7 mil in relative poverty . 
  absolute poverty in europe is non existent since only 1 hour of begging on the street would be enough cross the 2 bucks a day line ... 
  through florence mainly , or so i 've heard . 
  oh that infowars us nutcrack ... ok no thx . 
  why ? 
  the way i see it now britain can import food without the eu protectionist taxes ... but also it might be the case that most farmers will just be noncompetitive since they used to rely on eu subsidies . 
  fake news or people are getting crazy by the day ? 
  cause a lot of people deny holocaust participation . 
  and this is not singular to france . 
  lies !, 
  this is taken in riverwood . 
  this shit gets more complicated by the day . 
  lol ? 
  for real or just messing with me ... 
  cause it 's fking monday that 's why !!!, 
  ah those sweet sweet carpathian mountains ... 
  how some parts are left out . 
  and also it encompasses the capital , bucharest which has almost 15 % of the country . 
  but usually in developed cities the individualism is well developed . 
  so the map is not that accurate . 
  well the army tried smth undemocratic and it failed , what else would you expect . 
  the winner writes the history and in this case it is very hard to objectively present another view on the events since most info on what happened exactly is questionable . 
  ofc would have been very interesting to see what would have happened if they would have managed to assassinate erdyman , would the outcome have been worse ? 
  pls put a biiiiig circle around romania , no need to thank me !, 
  i understand that as a whole we are dependent on gas and maybe the glp is more expensive than the russian alternative but why are n't we looking elsewhere too . 
  i 've heard that israel has found new deposits , more than they would need and they might be keen on selling if there was a route through cyprus and greece . 
  really ? 
  this map looks more like a weather map . 
  also in case of romania it does n't really make much sense . 
  during the day no , but during the night is another thing . 
  i 'd like to see a video from that viewpoint during the new year 's eve . 
  cool !, 
  this is what i call a clean slate ... no more immigrants or anybody else for that matter ^ ^, 
  well panicking does n't help indeed but also not giving a fk does n't really help either :p, 
  bla bla bla , militarize the fking zone . 
  shoot on site the smugglers by the military , not the police . 
  we need to raise the stakes at least for the smugglers . 
  boner reached lvl over9000 :p, 
  yes stupid title . 
  when i read 5twh i was wtf ... enough to power the whole human civilization lol, 
  controlled by proximity plane since satellite communication can be jammed . 
  poor soul ... 
  now that 's a priceless show :d, 
  in this case he stepped on the officer 's toes with his wheelchair i presume, 
  that sax, 
  welcome to the club greece , 
  they are just made probably cause they bribed politicians and sponsored media trusts which did n't deliver . 
  if they have smth to say we wait for them at the anti corruption directorate . 
  yes also in that direction , but saying we eu might be staying 1 gen behind for a while or better said 0.5 gen , as now typhoon and raffale are considered 4.5 gen, 
  nothing concrete has affected both sides yet only speculations and promises , but some of the europeans feel just betrayed . 
  probably when the usa will have the 1st generation 6, 
  even when they come on top of panzers  ), 
  for every party in romania like 10 times you get that  ) ), 
  dont be sorry , our ex prime minister http://storage0.dms.mpinteractiv.ro/media/1/186/3928/12507905/2/ponta-barca.jpg water was like 30-40 cm , and they were pulled also by 4 guys . 
  haha that secret service guy  ), 
  same, 
  navy fking blue !, 
  are n't german taxes pretty high already ? 
  we do n't have any that could get in that list i think . 
  most tall churches are usually gothic and neogothic , whereas in ee we find the roman and bazilic styles i think . 
  well they will have the same audience ... 
   entitled to be petty yes you are cause your own gov is screwing you , but not to us ...  you pay for reddit and facebook ? 
  does anyone pay for them ? 
  you should know that the trade surplus does n't go to the german treasury ... 
  basically for germany to accept deficits ... 
  all those things you mentioned , we fking pay for them ... and all that defense us spend it sure helped us companies navigate in a nice economic climate where they can make a fair buck !, 
  so pls enough with your american exceptionalism . 
  damn like in a movie shoot  ), 
  the house of kaczynski must fall, 
  mostly done with chicken ... 
  you do n't understand how it works , there are different tier providers of internet . 
  i think b2c is done through tier 3 providers . 
  we get access us stored content through our tier 3 then through tier 1 ( fking cogent communications which when they have an outage everyone in the universe knows ) . 
  cause they are content providers mostly and they will get hit when the ips will start sending them or their customers invoices . 
  it wo n't work as they will say their governments would have done the same thing anyway .
