  this is why even europe took the consumerism american model , shortening artificially the life cycle of a lot of goods while keeping prices up . 
  decreasing euro 's value might have helped other countries but indeed it would have been a blow to germany in the sense that would have got inflation for the status quo of parity between european products to stay unchanged . 
  even so this is a simplistic view since a weak euro also means more expensive non euro inputs , which means that some industries might have hardly get any benefit from this shift . 
  still much analysis has to be done here  . 
  not sure but before crisis the ron was at 3.5 parity with the euro , we had to adjust it at around 4.5 . 
  and if some structural elements will continue to rise , like negative trading balance and wages going up too fast for productivity to catch on , the central bank may shift the euro towards 5 ron / euro . 
  the only impediment is the ones having long term debts in euro . 
  governments do n't need to leak information , they gain more if they steal the information and keep it to themselves and making sure the target does n't know about it . 
  i think this was more a hit from direct market competitors than technology espionage . 
  one would get more if the french military complex would loose contracts and they will get them instead . 
  in this scenario one could have russia and china who are actively competing for the asian military market . 
  although i have n't heard the us selling submarine capabilities in the area they could also benefit . 
  another aspect that makes me think towards this is the fact , as / u/citronbleu said , this is old tech and probably cheap , just good for mass commercialization without fearing to loose a competitive edge in warfare by the supplier nation . 
  this is very sad for the french . 
  it would be really a pity that after the hit their tourism industry got , the military complex to be hit also ... :(, 
  anyhow it 's sad , but on the other hand it 's just a 6.2 and it did this much damage ... 
  [ romania too ... ] ( http://www.snas.ro/index.php?option=istoric ), 
  what 's this non sense about squatting ?!!, 
  i do n't get it ... : /, 
  kinda serious for a 6.2 ... hope only buildings will be affected . 
  thank you kind sir !, 
  what are those fkheads saying ? 
  yes but i am thinking that there is also some degree of standardization due to nato membership . 
  design * my bad, 
  there is a difference ... especially on the seams ... we have a lot of no brand made in china and a lot of branded stuff also made in china ... and the difference in quality is obvious ... yes , they are overpriced as hell ofc ... but this was not the point of the article ... the article was implying that because they are not made by german or italian workers the products are of low quality which i find it biased if not moronic . 
  or you are a jason voorhees fan  ) ), 
  stupid article , since toll manufacturing has been around for decades if not more . 
  what you pay is a italian product in the sense the product is vetted by italian manufacturing standards and quality control management , on a italian * design * with high quality materials which are sometimes provided by the one branding the goods . 
  saying that an italian or german worker is better than a romanian or bulgarian one is both biased and irrelevant since if the product does n't meet required standards it 's sent back . 
  the * sweatshop * may have a higher default rate but that is their problem and it does n't affect the final customer . 
  well take for example romania . 
  we are the on the east border , we do our best but because [ ... bla bla ... ] our customs officers ( not actual military border patrol , those are ok ) are considered corrupt to the bone . 
  this is one of the arguments ( alongside other that are more or less about the economic interests of other european partners ) which kept us out of schengen . 
  we have tried many things and customs are raided by corruption officers or organized crime every few years by the hundreds . 
  but even so they could n't bring down the organization so far . 
  so you would imagine that we might benefit by a frontex operation with full autonomy ( alongside other institution with similar power ) to take things in their hands and clean the house . 
  well i think that putting soldiers together and creating a chain of command as well as making an elaborate european defense plan is not the main problem ( basically how do distribute forces around europe based on a strategic view ) is not the main problem , it could be quite the easiest part . 
  there are 2 problems : sovereignty and finance/acquisitions . 
  i wo n't expand on sovereignty issues since they are long debated and probably will be for the next decade or two , but the finance scheme is indeed a bottleneck . 
  will we vote for gdp % and everyone will participate proportionally or will it be another scheme ? 
  how will the force be structured by nationality ? 
  will wealthier and bigger nation come with more money ( as a higher statistical deviation than its proportionality ) and smaller states with the personnel ? 
  these are question which are worth asking and need an answer before we can proceed further ... also more importantly than anything else i think it is the issue of expenses , how will we spend a budged that may rival usa 's . 
  we can determine 3 types of expenses : personnel ( nothing to talk or negotiate here , although some countries my try to lobby a higher number of personnel in their area as they would definitely bring those money locally and this may get in conflict with the european defense plan ) , maintenance for equipment and bases and last but not least expenses on asset acquisition and consumables . 
  the last will be the hottest topic , since everyone will try to protect its local industry . 
  nowadays there are monopolies as countries will mostly buy from they local partners ( unless the product is of a low quality or non existent ) and they will try to do everything they can to protect the factories and workers there . 
  so one would imagine the scandal if the divisions stationed in france are being supplied with bullets made in germany while french defense contractors have to lay people off . 
  not to mention that the small countries will have to rely on 2-3 german/french/italian contractors for high grade equipment and will mostly have to shut down their own r&d which could never compete on a large scale with industry giants . 
  in my point of view , it all comes down to money ... so i think we may have a better chance if we 1st try a fiscal harmonization and law enforcement integration ( we need a true european fbi , a beefed up interpol who can take point at will in any member country with full authority over local police ) and if all is good we could try to negotiate a european army , similar to the us model . 
  or russia might draw us in a corner and make the eu army project happen at all costs ... 
  he may camp for the dramatic , but i do n't think those men do n't run for their lives ... 
  [ carnival of venice ] ( http://www.venice-carnival-italy.com/ ) somehow similar to your mardi gras but several hundred years older :p, 
  well , it 's crap ... usa will have to buy a greek island and militarize it . . 
  yeah but what a night  ), 
  yes nice and decent . 
  unless u are in venice  ), 
  not sure what he meant by australia . 
  i was referring to op title . 
  uk , germany , france , italy and * russia * ... as european continental countries . 
  i hint that he was trying to be ironic by suggesting australia , 
  then their loss !, 
  i know , this is why the police has to keep its standards high for everyone ... otherwise it will end up like in the movies , which are not as far from reality as we may like to think . 
  wrong post mate :p should have gone to / r/earthporn :d, 
  yep , sorry ... you deserve it guys !, 
   too bad you left us ... who knows in 2028 , we might have got 1st place . 
  by overall medals , china is still 2nd , 
  i think he refers to actual continental europe and not eu ( political construct ), 
  i know that but when supply ( supply of refugees free islands ) goes down ... prices might go up ... , 
  cool !, 
  gg guys ... but i wander ... what place would eu have been ? 
  also the independent athletes got their medals at shooting ... ai n't that a sad irony everything considered ... 
  i think it would be better to take into consideration also medals / gdp as well as medal / population . 
  a good population pool ca n't really help if you do n't have the money to invest in it . 
  so beautiful ... but it must be so so expensive since i do n't see any syrians ... which is a rare thing in nowadays greek islands ... 
  really ... a camel ? 
  not sure , usually not enough funds ... and u can \\ t just buy random pieces and just put them on display . 
  if another museum would like to buy they would have to buy more than 1 piece , prepare a new gallery for them and it may have to be a history museum . 
  this all costs money and if their analysis says they wont get a return they wo n't invest . 
  the romanian army might buy them since we need to equip our military force asap !, 
  it 's not a crazy idea since this is intended for public places not only to prevent terrorism but also old against old fashion crime . 
  imho for this to be truly helpful , it needs to be powered by a powerful ai ( neural networks , deep reinforcement learning , maybe new [ nvidia algorithms ] ( https://devblogs.nvidia.com/parallelforall/deep-learning-self-driving-cars/ ) may come in hand to facial recog ), 
   mena what is mena ? 
  anyway if police doesn \\ t do anything , knowing the chinese a form of parallel justice may appear ... 
  yep cant * warp * my head around that ... although my father told me the legend every supper  ), 
  ofc it 's hard since no matter how many big shot we put in jail , the phenomenon does n't stop at all . 
  it 's like trying to kill cancer cells , u manage to kill one , but at the same time 2 more appear in it 's place even more violently . 
  atm 2 major tv news stations ( sky news type and one has its main shareholder in prison for next 3-4 years out of 10 years sentence ) attack 24/7 anti corruption department and the non political government , while the parliament even though it 's an election year they have same anti naa ( dna ) propaganda and they try finding new ways to make the prosecutors ' life harder by passing laws that benefit the corrupt or just bluntly protect their own by blocking prosecution in the parliament . 
  it 's disgusting ... and if it were n't for the eu to put pressure the only solution would have been starting assassinating them like in a 3 world country ... 
  put one foot wrong in this town and you 've left the *** county ( the german county ) ***, 
  now u left me wandering ... . 
  our media , ofc not the military wing pkk but the kurdish party , not sure on its acronym . 
  the idea was that it was n't a pkk attack since the target this time was also kurdish . 
  ofc not ... crimea is ancient turkish territory  ), 
  you mean i should have used yugoslavian ? 
  according to our media , pkk members who were at the wedding were probably main targets . 
  this is why erdogan did n't rush to put this on pkk 's shoulders as culprit ... 
  i think romania was the only country that criticized that move against czechoslovakia . 
  soon after it , on the 24th , ceausescu had a secret meeting with tito ( serbian lider ) trying to find military help , in case of romania would become next target , since urss was indeed mobilizing troops at the romanian borders . 
  maybe because the communist romanian leadership said that any invasion will be received with guns and not with flowers , alongside some public declarations from the state department against a new conflict as well as moral support from chinese communist party , we managed to dodge the bullet . 
  there was a urban legend , in a future where ukraine would have been a close russian dog , that if somehow romania would have managed moldova to unite , transnistria would go / or be under ukrainian control ( hence still russian ) and a new border would have been redefined on the river nistru ...
