  to romanian level ? 
  may ... . . may does !, 
  yeah he is like a man on a mission ... 
  yes but hate is more powerful than any rational thinking , and people stuck with no jobs prospects ( usually guys who were laid off from the old manufacturing and cool extraction empire ) need to hear that at least their kids will have an easy life with no competition from filthy immigrants ) . 
  people do n't care that better competition in services like health for example will give them access to better doctors on the long run ?!, 
  the only care about now and nowadays problems . 
  if strategic thinking would be an inherent capacity for all of us we would n't be where we are today ... my 2cents ... 
  yes but as an european do i need a visa ? 
  does n't seem to be the case of europeans , since we could come either way in uk ... 
  in romania bears do n't become dangerous they just become beggars and trash scavengers , just like their human counterparts . 
  we call that evolutionary integration . 
  yes and even for co2 there are some patents that convert them into bricks or other forms of solid matter ... 
  now that 's an europe i 'd like to live with  ), 
  not quite , the rare of return for wheat is way lower than what u can do with fruits . 
  even in agriculture there are easy cultures that anyone can do but have low margin and specific cultures which cover niches but have a higher profitability . 
  the problem is people 's knowledge to address more complex or capital hungry cultures and ability to find a delivery chain . 
  for an orchard farm ( or how it may be called these days ) in order to be independent you need also a storage facility , eventually a production line for conservation your excess production , maybe a dryer since some fruits can be sold this way very expensive or even a juice line ( specially one using no preservatives , water or sugar , so with a pasteurization capability ) ... 
  not sure it 's that easy ... i mean i know some farms and knowing to properly utilize 100k euro mechanical beasts it 's not an easy feat . 
  which is why in some parts of the country where the farms have top tier equipment , agricultural drivers get very good wages , 1k + euros , not to mention extra payment for extra hours , some even manage to get 2k + euro during working season . 
  i did those kinds of jobs for my grandparents at the country side for at least 10y period during my vacations , but never as a job . 
  i know that , basically a religion has to adapt its norms and practices around the rule of law , if some religious rules are more strict so be it , as long as they do n't interfere with other state regulations . 
  but the problem comes when you a have a religion advertised and preached as an substituting alternative . . what do you do then ? 
  how do you find the common ground ? 
  especially since its not smth that naturally occurred in german society ( like the protestant current for example ) , but it was gradually imported as a cultural phenomenon ... 
  well today if some politicians or pain in the ars royalty were to die in a foreign land a lot of people would rejoice ...  ), 
  yes but islam is more than a religion is a political system ... hence the problem , you ca n't have in one place 2 different set of rules for same deeds ... 
  maybe but many practitioners think this way . 
  everyone is wrong and have to change to meet quran requirements ... 
  both of u come to bucharest to sign the peace treaty and drink ourselves to death , 
  yes the main purpose of the greek army is to match a direct confrontation with turkey . 
  the strategic plan has turkey as main aggressor from what i recall . 
  realpolitik - at its finest ... 
  ok from what i know in some countries pub who show tv live football games or any sport for that matter , have to pay an extra fee . 
  am i right ? 
  no considering that a pub owner has forgot to pay the fee but still `` stream '' the matches for his customers , should the football association or whoever is in charge for those royalties , sue the customers for going to that bar cause they had access to free sports content ? 
  : / i feel this is a similar situation ... so i understand why eu interpreted the way they had . 
  well this is a new approach ... 
  i prefer jager 35 %, 
  do n't agree their approach ... basically they say that he is rich and he does not deserve that his agricultural business gets subsidies . 
  if that guy would have bought the racehorses from a another farmer which again would have got access to subsidies would that be any different ? 
  from what i know usually farmers get 2 types of subsidies : from national funds and from eu funds , but the overall requirements and agricultural farming is controlled by a state agency ( this is how it is done in romania , italy ) . 
  these guys depending on what they are growing have to abide to specific rules of plants rotation , and if they do bio agricultural and apply for bio subsidies the rules are even tougher ( you ca n't have 2 main cultures summer / winter on the same piece of land , you need to have zones of bio diversity etc etc etc ) . 
  so it 's not easy and it 's fairy bureaucratic in order for farmer to sustainably utilize the land , for which they get money . 
  yes and ipo , but when issuing new shared is n't the current value of existing shared relevant ? 
  i mean if your shared are around 100 euro/share i do n't see asking at an ipo more ... 
  ofc to the budget ... 
  the idea is to buy db shares at a low position so after it gets better to be able to sell those 25 % for profit . 
  they should buy shares at a discount revitalize the bank and then resell those shares at a premium , 
  is there a video also ? 
  it 's a saying ... and since we embargoed iran for so long does n't make it at least an ex enemy ? 
  keep your friends close and enemies closer, 
  romania and romulan empire is next !, 
  and some big corp chief officers ... or can they be one and the same ? 
  u got me thinking :p, 
  yes we kinda know  but it was n't that recent as some may think . 
  anyway it was the language used by the church in writing from what i recall . 
  if sweden is on board , finsis may join also . 
  ofc russia can travel in time , this is why they attacked ukraine cause they saw that by 2100 , ukraine would conquer russia . 
  it was a bold strategy !, 
  russia was on the road of becoming a defacto collaborator with nato prior to invading ukraine . 
  now that bridge has sink ... 
  no ... one does not exclude the other . 
  they do n't want to be part of a federal eu , but they are still committed to help protect the allies against the russian foe ... 
  man really what do u guys smoke there in london ? 
  damn hope they have it insured ... 
  did n't know helis would have dogfights too :d, 
  i know its the udhr , but was asking what do u personally think ? 
  i do n't think a job can be undignifying as long it is not illegal ... from a general point of view , it can be maybe from a relative point of view : a nuclear scientist being offered as a job to scrub toilets , but this might be a subjective thing . 
  also maybe prostitution might have been considered undignifying when the chart was written although some countries have that `` figured out '' . 
  well that is the french prerogative to expand on the udhr . 
  but if a person would be willing he can take any jobs he wants as long if he fits the employer 's criteria and if those criteria respects the national regulations . 
  so cleaning the streets ( or being an hygiene worker ) is undignifying ? 
  the fact that in some crowded cities like london and paris the rent is even 5 -10 times higher than what you would pay in a small town / village can be linked to `` right to a standard of living adequate for the health and well-being of himself and of his family '' ? 
  almost 60 % come from places where there a direct form of active conflict at least to my knowledge ... also that graph is for all europe and many african people come directly to italy and not greece , so the % might be even higher . 
  legally ofc , by social rules . 
  there are jobs , some people are just not willing to do them , or consider they are not remunerated accordingly . 
  the right to work as opposed to the interdiction to work . 
  can \\ t vaccination be done on also at school ? 
  what better place than school to do this process . 
  i was vaccinated at school also . 
  thx , a good read !, 
  it has indeed . 
  but it 's hard to say how much compared to the fiscal profit they record . 
  doesn \\ t matter foreigners will just use the current system , make a romanian company and buy through it . 
  which is capable shooting down any plane which is in another 's country air space . 
  no we do n't have organized crime like you have and our corrupt are usually funded not by the mafia ( drugs , guns , prostitution , gypsy clans etc ) but usually by business owners or white collar entrepreneurs . 
  there is no real threat for control authorities to end up dead in ditch or assassinated hollywood style . 
  although pressure and threats are being made as well as punitive administrative action if possible against the controllers . 
  in bulgaria organized crime is at another level imho . 
  good point !, 
  norway wtf !, 
  what profits ?!, 
  multinationals do n't make profit in romania , only loss ... 
  romania will grow ^ t ^ i ^ t ^ less, 
  we have 26years of politics jailed for corruption , we could have been like poland if people were not just fundamentally crap !, 
  i was sleeping in bucharest , found out this morning about the earthquake, 
  wtf ... is wrong with those people ... 
  sorry let me rephrase it . 
  finland is a functioning democracy , a member of eu , and although not in nato it is an informal member of the nato alliance . 
  if smth would break loose , they wo n't stay neutral .
