  ofc if this type of rhetoric is let to develop their segregative tendencies can go even at a community level , now non eu , tmr from other german lands etc. 
  i could comment more but i do n't to turn this into a personal attack . 
  tbf in our case they are forced to have a wife . 
  it 's a 180 % situation . 
  stopped at the interbreeding stuff . 
  looking forward , 
  from my point of view , whatever will london decide to do with the eu citizens working there , eu should allow freedom of movement for uk citizens . 
  why ? 
  basically to attack their labor market . 
  what will happen for example if britain will refuse to recognize any bills coming from brussels and refuse to pay nevertheless ? 
  we know that ... i am sure if you ask any polish citizen on the street they will be proud that one of them is the head of a european institution ... 
  one may interpret this that we do n't have a problem with immigrants we have a problem with muslims . 
  sad ... 
  is there a problem in sweden with segregation of migrants of the 70s like it is in france ? 
  the alternative is a stroke probably  ), 
  only watched this one so my sample is irrelevant  ) . 
  also i 've never been to sweden so even though what he says seem reasonable enough it might be the whole story . 
  any sweds would like to comment ? 
  from his video i do n't see ill intent . 
  gg guys show those chinese how artificial islands are done lol, 
  gg guys show those chinese how artificial islands are done lol, 
  speedtest.net any other non local server , lets see results . 
  the way i see it , germany wants one thing : the change of behavior at the individual level which can manifest itself onward towards the politicians . 
  they want the greeks to be more german like . 
  if that is for the better or worse ... no one knows . 
  euro3 , non euro ... euro4 started in 2004 - 2005 , 12 years ago . 
  it is hard because people do n't trust their system . 
  ok and the money for the non austerity from where ? 
  i bet the dog is proud  ) his 1st salary :p, 
  that 's the spirit ladies !, 
  and on top of that we will have another 20 companies that will work for the city hall and it will probably employ at least 1000 ... 
  have no idea if barcelona has both a pollution and traffic problem . 
  but even if we get electric for everyone the quality of the traffic wo n't change . 
  and now to answer your question , yes these types of measures help by reducing on short term the number of vehicles on the road . 
  people and companies operate with old cars wo n't afford to change them so they will either move from the city or give up their cars / activities . 
  it is by no means a popular decision , the important thing being the ability of the city to a offer a viable alternative ... 
  i have lived to this ... lol, 
  not sure 20y ban has an actual impact on the air quality of barcelona ... maybe a 10y ban , basically anything bellow euro4 standards ... 
  best alco my ass ... you don ; t have mona blue medicinal spirt  ) source : [ this ] ( http://www.timesnewroman.ro/entry/8853-maturat-12-ani-in-butoaie-de-stejar-spirtul-medicinal-de-lux-chateau-mona-lansat-la-vaslui?category=166 ) tip : use google translate and ull be just fine , 
  the perceived reality is what matters , 
   but german cars are known to be some of the best in the world which means the marketing are overselling them . 
  an audi is a lightyear year away from a dacia logan but so is the price , and for that price there are other expectations which they can not promise . 
  we will see , we already have different speeds , lik shengen , euro etc. 
  yes diesel one very quiet ... they are considered the main threat by the japs and the south . 
  from my point of view it all about latitude ... 
  i beg to differ except russia , poland and finland are playing in the minor league ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita, 
  not sure why u nordics consider yourselves to be on the top when it comes to alcohol . 
  moldova , romania , ukraine are the top consumers of alcohol  ), 
  bratva tattoo spotted  ), 
  yep those nfl / nba guys really need some new girlfriends  ), 
  in romania we have a 5 % threshold or 20 % in 4 counties out of 41 . it 's a fair bargain i 'd say , and the 20 % in 4 counties is mainly to ensure our hungarian brothers do n't miss the parliament :d . 
  2.4 b aint that much , what was opel 's net worth ? 
  no wall can keep those beauties in  ), 
  shivers went down my spine ... 
  paywall , thx in advance !, 
  they are fking crazy ... hope they do n't greece us ... 
  the principle is simple : the final outcome is meaningless if the ways you achieved it are regrettable ... 
  yes more or less , and has nothing to do with the median disposable income which is what people care about in the end ... 
  present value , so people can understand it better ... 
  thy wind is strong in the shire my lord ... 
  pls why post it ... just delay the embarrassment ... 
  and 5-6 % are currently in italy  ), 
  skew a bit the meaning of civilized and you might be next mate , 
  it is cheaper to execute them in austria than pay for a cargo plane to travel above a war zone . 
  just sayin ... / s, 
  yes , because they are probably from the same community which means it is enough to recognize one and you will get most of them . 
  it \\ s a shame ... i hope they catch them ... 
  we have n't seen the cctv footage yet ... 
  who can eli5 me about the phenomenon behind this ... ? 
  sure they are smaller and physically weaker  ) but on the other hand ... they live more  ) ) so ... who is the final winner ? 
  ive heard that somewhere else ... across an ocean ... drain the swaaamp ... 
  drain the swamp ? 
  i think moscovici said we should include the 0 scenario as well  . 
  this was a powerful interview ... 
  from what i understood , those in the second gear will just have to be in the single market and only implement elements related to that . 
  the rest is their business . 
  the 1st gear would be the start of a confederation , with multi state unified agencies etc. 
  also 2nd gear 's veto wo n't matter anymore in fields that exceed their convergence level . 
  basically if you are not part of a program your opinion wo n't matter on the subject ... 
  last time i checked that the french were against this ... 
  thank you very much kind sir !, 
  i know what companies want , which is not what the people who voted brexit want  ), 
  i think the brexitters want that companies either make investments by themselves to be relevant on the market or gtfout !, 
  i think those who feel they are left behind by society and those who feel terrified by the pace new changes occur ... 
  we also have them as * [ afine ] ( https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/afin ) * but we do n't use them as a souse for main dishes , but only as a desert . 
  what i appreciate about this incident is that he stood behind his words and not rapidly try to deflect or shift his opinion . 
  well uphold and sustain could be considered imperfect synonyms . 
  besides little politics ( basically the in house cock fighting in the uk parliament ) can someone explain pls : 1 ) how is the bill in the current form 2 ) what would be the hol stance on this issue, 
  i would dare to say welcome to sweden the capital with the most courageous women in the world . 
  do n't think so , immigrants do n't really go in the small provincial towns ... at least not in a high number that matter ... people 's habits are changing , but i presume these are the habits of the new generations of french people . 
  besides globalization and immigration there is also a battle between generations ... from what i understood from the article is not about that people ca n't afford anymore to shop or to go to the restaurants and coffee shops , but it is just that they changed where they prefer to ... change can be terrifying but also most of the time change is amoral , it is nor good nor bad , it just is ... 
  btw that cranberry of whatever jam is there , is also something specific in swedish dishes ? 
  this type of posts are cute , but ... if choose any dish and it can be displayed in a displeasing manner as well in a high end style . 
  i guess it all depends on the amount of effort and knowledge someone is willing to put into . 
  better said keep cambridge analytica and fb out of the elections ... 
  well he waited about 4-5 seconds to get feedback from his detail ... so if they did n't react he continued , 
  ok so who put the bagel on the german like dude ? 
  to create a framework in which we can resolve this through a legal system . 
  atm no one can sue a company based on this as long as they do n't use banned substances or that the ingredients do n't match the label . 
  ofc there will be cases when one can not prove ill intent like french vs german nutella , but there are cases where the differences are obvious .
