  but from what i see in the press , in big countries this is really a debatable subject is from what i can understand quite unpopular . 
  i mean ee are pro cause we are afraid of russia , but we do n't really care . 
  despite this in the last few months this idea got a lot of momentum and seems to be pushed by the executive branch , even if the subject is fairly unpopular and we still have elections coming . 
  i think these guys , know things know things we do n't , are a bit afraid and are rushing things no matter what ... what the cause might be i can only speculate , either is that they are afraid that usa support will decline in a trump era , or that the russians are making dangerous preparation , or that just they are thinking of getting economic control of the defense industry in small military undeveloped countries like ee might be considered , but not only ... 
  yes ... especially the new copyright law ... 
  it 's like saying : well we sell them weapons so they can kill each other more efficiently , 
  austria and greece ... how to put it ... 
  nu sure if this is good news ... when funds are running low ... they will need to start pillaging ... 
  yes worm sea ... this is why russia so desperately wants one too ... 
  he is putin 's useful idiot ... 
  hmm in order to have a decent social services budget u need a certain ratio between active and inactive . 
  in a simplistic view that is pensioners vs non pensioners as a ratio and the level of contribution and the algorithm with which a life 's contribution is transformed into a nominal pension . 
  given that at a certain point in time you can find an equilibrium inbetween these concepts , the only thing needed is for things the be the same . 
  but the problem is the ratio active / pensioners . 
  this ratio drops usually cause of low demographics , meaning you lose population , you base shrinks . 
  this is not a ponzi scheme , because the only requirement is for the base to stay the same and not grow over time . 
  so basically if natality and mortality would be equal , then we would n't need a large active base . 
  but europe has a problem , meaning higher life expectancy every year , which means a lot more pensioners than in the moment of equilibrium , thus a larger base of active people for the ratio be the same , and the second problem is low natality , basically any number lower than mortality rate . 
  because both numerator and denominator of the ratio increase in different directions the result shrinks in at an alarming pace . 
  this is why gov need urgent influx of people from other regions , cause policies ca n't keep, 
  hehe , the hanging gardens of milan  ), 
   work of satan . 
  this made me smile , sorry guys , 
  independence i recall ... 
  why does n't poland invest in new generation of nuclear and wind/solar since they 've become fairly cheap . 
  sounds fair ... no more bloatware ... 
  some rules might be stupid , but these come in help of the consumer , otherwise companies will just fk us all if let to ... 
  weird , there was last week i think an article which stated that the scots were against a second referendum ... 
  they are ok , they depict reality in another way ... just that reality is n't always funny ... 
  well do n't praise it , none of them , i just did n't see what roc could loose or gain if that law passed . 
  wrong , if we abolish profit tax , prices for goods will fall since a cost of doing business will decrease ... but they wont , cause there is n't a substantial correlation between profit tax and price volatility . 
  ah that scheme . 
  well some countries tax citizens with flat % , income tax in romania is 16 % , the as profit tax ( corporate tax ) . 
  so you want to over tax business owners . 
  do n't forget there is also dividend tax , which is another taxation on the individual . 
  the problem is that those wealthy enough will just move their money in an offshore corp , in another jurisdiction and ill just use those corporate money to live , never repatriating those profits/dividends . 
  does orthodoxy have any fgm rituals ? 
  i ask since i am `` one '' but never heard such a thing ... 
   increase the higher parts of the marginal tax rates at the upper brackets do n't understand this , give me an example . 
  no ... we pay income tax . 
  companies pay profit tax . 
  just because at their end they pay does n't mean we also pay it . 
  i know what u imply that they just incorporate it as variable expense directly into product price , but it does n't work that way . 
  any company will price their goods and services as high as competition , regulation or consumer income lets it , profit tax is n't factored in this equation at all . 
  at the end of the day , when they see what they have net gained and how much they own the state , then then they will start thinking how to evade it , while other smaller companies will just pay it . 
  yes but is payed by end consumers , usually us . 
  it 's a tax on our consume , not companies . 
  companies just forward it through ... 
  nop . 
  has nothing to do , the companies just collect it , is calculated on top of their revenues and it does n't affect profit etc. 
  yep using utilitarian rationalization can have as a natural outcome things we consider horrific since it is not morally bound ... under the utilitarian scheme of thought it can be reasonable , under the right circumstances for example , to mass murder an entire community just because it benefits the large majority ... we would n't want our civilization to be ruled by smth so dangerous . . what is happening in uk is a dangerous precedent ... if they are force to rationalize medical treatment so be it ... but use other method ... 
  well they can measure your body fat and after see your 5 % score with a 40bmi they will just praise you like a god / s, 
  yep the guy is on a mission , reminds me of those semi educated people on phys . 
  org whose comments always attack green tech and how we are stupid that we spend money and our hopes on them and not stick to what we already have ( fossils and nuclear ) . 
  from my knowledge there are n't many types of taxes . 
  you have income taxes ( paid by the individual and some forms of small companies ) , social security taxes ( these are 80 % related to work and are split between the employer and the employee ) , property taxes ( these might be a bit abusive , since is like paying rent to the state for smth you already own , on the other hand it somehow tries to make sure people do n't amass property without using it , utilizing it , it 's a form of taxing blocked capital that has no roi , i mean if you do n't get it out of your property it will be hard to keep up with the bills ) , indirect taxes ( vat , excises , luxury taxes etc - imho these consume taxes , except luxury taxes maybe , have no reasonable economic motivation , just the fact that is the easiest way to collect money ... ) and last but not least we may have the corporate tax / profit tax . 
  some people on this forum said that this tax is shit and should be abolished , but i think this is the tax the company has to pay for using a state infrastructure for it to survive and thrive . 
  just like a person pays its income tax to fund a country infrastructure and services provided , in a similar way does a company who uses our roads , our administration , our resources , etc in order for it to promote its vision and mission ( as abstract as this may sound ) , have to give something back !, 
  creating jobs and paying other taxes is not giving back to the economy as all these ceo like to think about themselves ( you should be grateful that we invest in your country and we employ citizen ) , this argument is wrong since the reason why they invest is not our well being but their growth and profit , while the benefits we get are just a positive byproduct . 
  tbh this is more about dtas than about transfer pricing . 
  what income tax , if u increase income tax then you only tax employees ... not sure we want to tax more the work , it 's already overtaxed . 
  implementing revenue tax without taking into consideration expenses is also a wrong turn . 
  yeah that one is weird ... do n't see what it 's offensive about a biological reality ... after 30 is harder to have children ... 
  why would n't they ... since they are the ones most affected ( also france , not sure why it 's left out of the party ), 
  maybe we should change our fiscal laws and just tax everything at the higher level of theoretical redistribution . 
  atm that level is the state level , maybe in 20 years it will use or who knows . 
  fk double taxation principles that seem to be unpractical and are exploited in an ethical way ... and i really understand those austrians since each individual pays a shitload of taxes , i mean even a person pays more than a multi billion company ... that sux ... 
  hope those sas guys who will join do n't cheat and use heat vision gear  ), 
  i ;d prolly be found in a second ... this is a very hard game and you need tactics and skills ... a childish game ruled by adult minds ... weird stuff  ), 
  wtf is this  ) ) people are just crazy, 
  80 cause of fear of being killed by their family , 10 cause they believe this is the right way , 10 cause of other medical and psychological reasons ... [ this comment does not intend to be serious ], 
  yes but experts say usa will loose money if apple pays them in europe instead of usa ... 
  from what the state dep said i fought that everything was an us subsidy even a small hq on a pacific island where all profits are stored and w8 to be repatriated in the usa, 
   ireland offers the lower corporate tax to offset other disadvantages . 
  then ireland should have charged apple 12.5 % but no 0.005 % ... 
  us is a subsidiary ? 
  then why does murica care then , since they tax their end at their subsidiary level ? 
  no , your gov will have a special package just for you ... since stupidity is viral between politicians , even if out of eu . 
  once they see smth stupid somewhere else they will try to apply it as well ... 
  is it possible they ( merkel and co ) leaked it in order to test public opinion ? 
  atm the implications of brexit are just perceived but not actual . 
  there are no trading fees yet or no quotas , multinationals based in uk still are still considered as taxed in the eu etc etc and people are now expecting the article 50 to be dragged for a long time , and also they consider they will have time to adapt on the go since things are n't precipitating . 
  people were pessimistic since some hoped and others feared the exit will be an immediate , fast and very turbulent process , leaving no time for anyone to properly accommodate and with a powerful european backlash ... since that has n't happened yet an seems it wo n't happen in the future , the sun is rising again on the uk economy more likely as business as usual . 
  but when the time comes a lot of multinationals will have to move hq from uk to any other eu country . 
  do n't get me wrong this does n't mean that uk hq will disappear but they wo n't be as important as before . 
  nope , but it was a close example  . 
  off topic , i understand why people hate us ... no problem there . 
  anyway the initial comment was a sarcastic hypothetical directed to big corp arrogance , not sure why we ended in here : /, 
  neah it does n't work that way . 
  have you ever seen a romanian gypsy doing smth bad/wrong/disgusting and you have n't thought for a moment fking romanian just go back to your shit whole country ? 
  90 % of the time we generalize opinion from an individual situation to communities . 
  i am saying this from his point of view ... do you believe that when they heard the news they did n't start swearing about us collectively ? 
  so basically they are fking with us saying that we should n't tax them cause they will get lower taxes themselves . 
  yes u fking count but those profits were made due to europeans and not americans ... americans do n't come to germany/italy/romania to buy phones , we do !, 
  if apple thinks taxes are too high in europe just charge fking more for a phone ... 
  but the people of ireland are also not happy with what their gov is doing ... 
  wrong they are for urban warfare , liths are preparing to be deployed in syria . 
  / s on a serious note , today 's battle wo n't happen on open fields but on rough terrain and cities . 
  basically this way they can freely negotiate on quotas , tariffs and double taxation standards on basically everything . 
  you seem to have a bit of a problem with the election process ...
