  they think isolationism will fix their problems , which is fine if it does . 
  but if isolationism does n't bring the promised results , the only exit plan is always war . 
  haha cool and the song epic, 
  damn ... 
  for example if a 18y old male marries a 17 years old girl ( i think it is legal ) , then the sex is not prohibited although one is an adult and the other a minor in the eyes of the law , because one juridic fact overwrights the other . 
  now there might be 2 juridic factors like : 1 ) germany recognizes the agreement signed in another country ( as for example they would have come as tourists from sa and not asylum seekers from syria ) 2 ) consensual sexual activities between man and wife is not prohibited in any circumstances . 
  so you see the dilemma the german courts face given the law never took into consideration such a fact . 
  the german law never put into question consensual sexual acts between a married couple since the institution of marriage itself implied some form of complete or partial capacity of the 2 participants . 
  from a moral aspect the german court knows what to do , but their commonsense is not backed by the law . 
  i am not familiar with german law so this is just a supposition but this is like how the law would work . 
  what does spain fear to loose ? 
  i mean if we implement quotas on goods and services at the eu level , spain will have to accept and tax english good no matter what they negotiated . 
   a rare beast on the french scene : the politician who gets applauded for promoting european integration . 
  last time i checked there were still people in france who are backing a strong europe ( ofc with a stronger france at the helm ) , so it should n't shock anybody that he can find supporters everywhere . 
  the question is are his supporters enough to make a difference in the coming elections ? 
  inspirational ... 
  total surprise ... / s, 
  i said that such a directive could be considered genocide and would go directly to the geneva court ... 
  another guy said that we should bypass this bureaucratic system and just sink the boats with the immigrants on board . 
  after 2-3 boats down no one will dare cross the mediterranean . 
  if you are defending a person just because he is part of your social group with no regards to actual facts then i would go so far as to consider one as an accessory after the fact ... 
  epic  ), 
  brexit is a loose loose scenario no matter what ukip might tell you . 
  the question is who will loose more ... the 27 or uk ... 
  that unless putin make another move and the sanctions are not lifted ... 
   gypsy -  ee shift ( especialy romania ) for all the titles and body articles . 
  it 's the same . 
  but for romanians it is acceptable talking about romanians when the aggresors were gypsy . 
  but in the case of france you can talk about nationality - in this case - immigrants from getto . 
  it 's a hyporcrysy imho . 
  romanians or ee could not afford such a priviledge . 
  we are not ok if gypsies or other romanian nationals are doing illegalities in other member states . 
  quite the contrary we infuriated and we want the local authorities to make an example out of them and punish them to the full extent of the law !, 
  what about him ? 
  did he empower the embezzlement ? 
  can this have penal consequences ? 
  alternative facts triggered :d !, 
  ofc , iran all hands on deck , but 1 fact does n't empower the other, 
  fakenews !, 
  romania should be last ... 
  is n't corruption coming back ? 
  or just high end corruption ? 
  fake romania should be last ... 
  it kinda does ... 
  yes but that would be genocide ... 
  simple with the military blockade in international waters . 
  are sure that is the case and not the fact one man controls 10-20 tractors on the field by remote control ? 
  whereas in countries like romania they are still using horses and caws to work the land ? 
  one can argue that many jews just want palestinian razed from the face of the earth ... 
  that is not how agrosubs work ... 
  another hero has fallen ... lol, 
  and about the decriminalization of the abuse of power irealitatea tv got it right at least from by basic knowledge of how the law works : http://adevarul.ro/news/politica/jurnalistul-liviu-avram-despre-cele-doua-ordonante-urgenta-scos-lumea-strada--8_5886eba05ab6550cb8bee195/index.html, 
  sorry i thought it was about natality lol ... 
  there are 2 different things : full pardon for those who have convictions below 5 years . 
  in this case murders , rapists etc are excluded by the law . 
  but there is another article : partial pardon for those who have above 60 years , they will have their sentences halved with no discrimination to what they have done . 
  did you understand ? 
  :d france has more regions :p, 
  no need was a good lol :d, 
  i am more interested in the * properly enforce * than the cost ... 
  it 's not the nukes i am afraid it 's the hatred ... 
  due to my age and origin i lack a lot of american history  ), 
   1984 u mean reagan 's second administration ? 
  yes , we have a new party , usr , they got a nice start at around 10 % but they do n't have the political infrastructure yet and they are both right and left , so they have some ideological debates , but they are good people for starters . 
  also we are having the same problem everyone has : alternative facts and post truth + uneducated people who do n't have the exercise of critical thinking ... it 's structural and frightening at the same time . 
  the north pole is melting that will be the next route of the future !, 
  the corrupt control main media outlets . 
  those media outlets have big influence on the poor and the elderly , which voted . 
  they had a program , an alluring program for the next 4 years which promised a lot to everyone to the left and to the right . 
  also there was mostly no real powerful opposition and a lot of people did n't feel they would find themselves in the election options so we had only a 39 % participation rate , meaning psd won only 18 % public support . 
  maybe canada feel more ok near the eu than the usa/uk ... 
  hahah those russian brides at work :p jk guys !, 
  yes post truth and alternative facts ... i feel like we are back to the dark ages ... somehow scary ... 
  do n't worry we try to be inclusive !, 
  since he started dating his young secretary i guess  ), 
  what ? 
  aint romanians on top row ? 
  i ca n't believe this blasphemy !!!, 
  which is also ok . 
  yeah wtf ?!, 
  sorry you are wrong . 
  what you are saying it is true for the main amnesty . 
  but those over 60 years they convictions are halved . 
  so u have a murder for 20y , and he has done 12 so far . 
  cause he has over 60 his initial sentence will be reduced to 10 years , which have already passed and he is free to walk free . 
  and do n't get me started on the desincrimination of the * abuse of power * and the * conflict of interest * . 
  a 12.5 profit tax is still a decent incentive . 
  the next is 16 % in romania a think . 
  depends on how they implements it . 
  a straightforward prohibition is not that easy and has never beared good results . 
  fta and capital is what they wanted to begin with . 
  the single market has also the freedom of movement * in the footnotes . 
  they are glue together . 
  a full option 7 series or a8 or s klasse ( maybach ?! ), 
  can go toe to toe with uk brands i think . 
  there is a reason why the eu fathers glued together the fta and the freedom of movement . 
  an fta would have just destroyed eastern block economy without those country having a safety valve for its population . 
  also leaders were scarred of the food shortage the fact that this was an inherent driver of the expansion policy . 
  for example nowadays , china has this tremendous fear atm but they are resolving this problem economically by buying africa acre by acre . 
  probably people do n't care about the past or the future , they just want better life and they want it now !,
