  both scenarios end with the `` cleansing '' of the french society . 
  but it is sad that even an extremist does n't see that in the end children are future assets and this is why we provide a decent education to as many as possible , so that this investment would pay off in 15 years and more ... 
  just because it happens does n't mean it 's ok . this is why we have laws and regulations . 
  as long as it is based on facts and arguments the media can be as sensationalistic as it wants . 
  but the moment they start pulling titles and invent news out of their assess they must be punished by law ... probably best by fining the shit out of them . 
  the moment all the money you generated by a shitty article have to be payed tenfold as a fine , then i am sure news agencies will go back to hiring qualified news editors . 
  i read sokovia accords  ) what nerd i am :p, 
   ) i learned swimming by myself when i was a kid at the sea side , cause the salty water helps you float easier , and then i practiced a lot at my grandparents were we had a nearby river and it was so fun swimming against the current . 
  well it 's sports in general . 
  sports has a specific curriculum which kids have to respect just like they do on maths , or other subjects . 
  imagine a kid refusing natural sciences cause he is thought that god made everything and dinos do n't exists , etc etc just because his religion is preaching smth else . 
  and for example kids can argue for their fundamental right to have toys and eat chocolate cake  ), 
  spit is useful for friction so ... keep a spare everytime  ), 
  have you ever been to romania ? 
   ) anyway i checked your comments in general and you are a person with serious `` problems '' so debating with you anything seems to be pointless . 
  lol ur stupid, 
  why so many whores everywhere ? 
  cause men pay ... also remember that for unskilled uneducated men you have construction sector , while for women the alternative is prostitution . 
  only investments can be financed with eu funds and those are max a 3 % of gdp , also not all funds have the gov as main beneficiary but it is for private companies or local institution , here the gov can only help with the bureaucracy ( which ofc would be a great step forward ) . 
  but you have a lot of personnel funding and also do n't forget 2 % -3 % for the military . 
  here eu does n't help ... 
  man not even in romania we do n't do that ... shame ... but we have post guards at each entrance :d, 
  in bucharest , nop , i think average wage is 650 - 700 euro after taxes . 
  and for example i only pay 15 euros for the subway since i hardly use the bus . 
  you basically said that the socialists in france are the pnl in romania , which is not . 
  but politics have more dimensions , the economic one and also the social dimension . 
  the social dimension might be reverse with the ee left being the conservative , discriminatory similar to the right in the we . 
  our budget is around 27-29 gdp , and you wan na spent 12 just for health and education ... what about the rest ? 
  there you are !, 
  nowadays voters ' gains will be future generations ' problems . . 
  no , u are confusing european ( socialis ) left ( liberals ) right system with american liberal ( left ) republican ( right ) system . 
  i know some old laddies who are getting very very thrilled ... 
  username checks out !, 
  do we still have reputable media outlets ? 
  not in romania it helps that soros is hungarian , given our adversity towards them , no one played the jewish card so far , to my knowledge . 
  but because of some tv stations , this siren song has spread to several million people who really believe that romania is at war with soros and his minions ... 
  yes , but the context of his sarcasm is inadequate in this case and only confused people . 
  not quite a star , but he seems to be a decent man who has the courage to speak his mind . 
  but i think he just got lucky and got with the flow , but the fact that he is not estranged from the common sense is a positive thing that helped him mitigate the sudden fame and did n't got prey to it . 
  not redditors , but the general population ... and not regarding britain , but as a remark in general . 
  and i 'd skip the even ... 
  ca n't dream living without it ... 
  or angry cause they are deprived of that growth ? 
  what does he mean by climbing barriers ? 
  on the sub ? 
  in bucharest is 25 euro / month unlimited subway and buses  ), 
  no comments ... 
  sorry now that i checked it the phone ruined that i wanted to say , so ill rephrase it for the sake of posterity . 
  a potential cure for gayness can only be from a genetic standpoint , and that , only if we will be capable to find exactly the genes that make our `` heart race '' . 
  from what i 've read homosexuality is not correlated with early traumas as some deviant behaviors are , so there is nothing psychologically to fix . 
  pa cure for gayness can only be from a genetic standpoint , and that only i 'd we are capable to to find exactly the genes determine what make our hearts race . 
  from what i read homosexuality is to correlated with early traumas as some deviant behaviors are so there is nothing psychological to fix . 
  many countries have it , it is called traditionally vigneta . 
  in rom\u00e2nia we have it but it is payed by all traffic participants, 
  yep only better alloys works, 
  from my experience , as a citizen of a second tier country , start with fighting corruption and see where that road leads you ... 
  basically they want a trade war with the euro/dollar/yuan / pound by having control on the italian currency . 
  italy if you need technocrats , ciolos and his team are just finishing their mandate , we can borrow them  ) . 
  ofc , but that was not the idea . 
  what i meant to say was that whenever there is an economic problem for period of time , politicians will always try to find scapegoats instead of finding the real causes and try to fix them . 
  and if fixing them is not so popular on short term u get nowadays inaction ... 
  tbh i 'm glad they have the muslim as a punching bag otherwise it will be just like brexit again , gypsee romanians destroy europe ... 
  remember remember the 1st of december !, 
  za best  ), 
  rip !, 
  see we are brothers by fate also . 
  happy bday from romania !, 
  started with french intensive ( 4h/week which later became 7-8h during elementary , and only 2h during highschool ) from second grade till university second year . 
  started also english in the 5th grade 2h through elementary , than jumped to intensive english during highschool 4h / week and full english courses during university 5 years ( yeah i did math in english  ) ) ) . 
  i consider myself fluent in english , but regarding french although i can still do basics my skills have deteriorated from fluent in high school to petty conversation with difficulty nowadays . 
  sad ... but had no environment to practice it ... :(, 
  i like to talk italian with the spanish s/f sound  ), 
  confirmed kill . 
  i 'm not the one who said it ... 
  and then christianity came  ), 
  do n't worry they grow like diamonds i 've heard , one layer after another  ) ), 
  such a nasty woman ... 
  rude maybe , practical for sure !, 
  your typical fk u  ), 
  not sure we could stop there even if we tried  ), 
  fair point ... 
  so good it got deleted :d, 
  europe uses banks for business funding while usa use vcs and angel investors . 
  this is the main difference , hence the difference in approach in order to get cash ... 
  even so , giants overpay so much that entreprenuers just do n't care ... they prefer use the money for smth else liek another venture . 
  in romania is lower , bellow 200 . 
  for 200-250 range u get a top 35-45 1 single room appartment near a metro station . 
  but it has to do a lot with lobbying unfortunatelly . 
  udmr used most of their political leverage on things with no real value for the harcov , and most of their projects where rejected eventually . 
  but one is to press for a spanish alike autonomy and another thing is to push for infrastructure , or to move bereaucracy and gain access to eu funding for local project . 
  it 's the same as moldova , without a good infrastructure there is a limit to how developed you can get , and considering the wages in the area i would find it hard to believe that companies would n't come and invest . 
  the guy is fking crazy ... people pay top dollar to view his silly shows ... not sure how the hell he got the hype ... 
  neither are the spanish , but oh well customs are customs . 
  they like to set bulls on fire , we like to gut pigs for christmas . 
  no but if u are smuggling weapons if needed you can access the merchandise . 
  yes but `` bc specialization '' have disappeared at least in the last century , while the bias to view women inferior to men still exists . 
  nowadays men being man breadwinners way more challenging than 30 - 50 years ago , and the biased helps a lot to have top crown in most families . 
  not quite . 
  when there is a surplus of electricity due to a sudden rise from solar / wind , usually the fossil fuels are already on min capacity ( in the limits of technical possibilities , there is a degree of flexibility even in that area , usually modern natural gas are are best fossils for mitigating power volatility at least from what i 've read ) , but that is still not enough , so the energy authority tells green to shut down and they will compensate the electricity not bought . 
  but this practice does n't incentivize solar / wind to invest a cent in storage , cause no matter what they get payed .
