  they get the weapons through smuggling and the black market and we have anti terrorism anti crime units . 
  i think this is a way to restrict civil gun market and hunting . 
  and in the future if u are found owning a gun there is 90 % chance you are a criminal . 
  u know that u wont get that unless there is free movement . 
  it will be lose lose on short term but you forced this . 
  now eu will have to make an example . 
  that is the idea ... not even law abiding citizens to have access to guns ... only law enforcement , professional sportsmen , state hunters and army . 
  i see thx, 
  not sure they mind a good deal, 
  thx this is what i wanted to know . 
  sorry to hear that ... you could try and move it to cluj , 
  what are the differences between german and french law ? 
  ok , gave you ur karma back :p, 
  romania pays for the ticket just like everybody else . 
  the fact that others agreed that they should help romania be able to pay more is another aspect . 
  it is called investment . 
  ca n't they try after brexit ? 
   ) it will not be under eu jurisdiction :p, 
   in the u.s. , the fbi 's method is to `` help '' suspects by sending agents to offer them weapons , explosives , etc. 
  are you sure about his ?!, 
  is n't this what they call entrapment ? 
  the problem is not all type of spending creates long term growth since there is investment and consumption . 
  cool but it is interesting also to check the changes in nominal numbers . 
  this is the migrants ' fault ... !, 
  they send their men 1st and no woman ( ... no cry ... ) / s, 
  sorry i forgot the / s. 
  ofc he is racist , but he feels empowered by recent events . 
  ca n't find rou , do u see it guys ? 
  it should right there around hu and pol ... :(, 
  it 's like those girls on tinder who are not interested in relationships but need constant validation ... i do n't believe that they genuinely hate europe ... but more they want to be sure they made the right choice ... it 's a bit sad , but it is a frequent human behavior ... 
  it is really interesting how he genuinely developed a keen interest in romania . 
  why should he when a part of the population encourages him to act this way , 
  ah my bad , which is then ? 
  there is another one which is more to a fta agreement ... 
  eea is exactly what most english elites want , fta with selective immigration policy to appease the masses . 
  yes since the british want to join efforts with the japonese for their 5th gen. 
  they are the optimist guy in the story , 
  that mitsubishi x :p, 
  its a good plane and usa might need air superiority both in europe and in asia , till japan manages to get their mitsubishi ready for combat . 
  atm how many does the us have ? 
  150 pieces for their air forces ? 
  france out of pride , and germany out of principle , 
  pls do n't mention f117 here ... the serbs are watchin lol why was the f 22 program closed ? 
  since it will be a while till 1st f/a xx will be tested ... 
  had the impression people were comparing them to f35 which is a turbo brick but a 5th gen brick nevertheless . 
  imo eu should skip 5th gen and think 6th gen already as does usa ( boeing f/a-xx ) , china and russia . 
  both raf and typh are considered 4.5 generation due to avionics , but su 35 might be better than both . 
  fking nowadays bucharest ... 
  i like her eyes, 
  i think it does ... 
  it was some time ago a eu document with all the information about trade on all 28 members . 
  especially if u look at the exporter map also ... everybody exports parts to germany and buys back finished goods ... 
  cool distribution chain germany  ), 
  lol , if they were in their 30s id understand ... but otherwise ... 
  interesting article , 
  well given the recent incidents ( taxi driver beat a customer , a passenger got also killed in an accident today , other incidents involving taxi drivers ) their protest is not that welcomed ... 
  20mm guns  ), 
  cool same as romania :d, 
  and here i thought they had some steam powered ones ... :(, 
  probably against gen 4.5 and below . 
  for gen 5 they made the s-400 from what i understood . 
  yes but more accidents meaning better cars but same tard behind the wheel . 
  where is murdoch ... ? 
  i do n't see him ... :\\, 
  you see that spike over there ? 
  that is romania alright  ), 
  try the dr. oetker vitalis line . 
  i have no idea how their western counter parts are but they seem to be ok compared to what the market offers ... 
  do n't look at me ... we have aegis/patriot ... 
   you really need this serbia ? 
  maybe kosovo round 2 ? 
  cool supply chain for germany :d, 
  sad ... 
  if id be vucic id press russia for the new s-400 i can fk some new f35  ), 
  who is this ? 
  in usa defense it wasnt a great plane ... 
  what i love the most about this is that i dont need to read subtitles when they speak in spanish : *, 
  expresso machines ? 
  i think it has to do more with those without higher education and unskilled with no prospects , whose work if they manage to get it is usually at the limit of decency and face permanent competition from immigrants either east europeans or mena . 
  put yourself in their shoes and you will see that voting for le pen is a win win scenario . 
  either she keeps her word and change their condition or she fks everybody hard and they can have the last laugh . 
  lol man such an arrogance ... hope he has production centers in britain ... and just because his vacuum cleaner is a world hit does n't mean at a macroeconomic level everything will be *** and roses, 
  well 2room in bucharest is from 250euro to 350euro . 
  i know that . 
  the thing just crossed my mind and found it funny . 
  probably they only expanded in countries with a market big enough for them to invest also in logistics . 
  1room apartments ? 
  probably but fancy the wording :p, 
  their problems have always been with the british government and brexit was just a way to lash out ... so after you deport all immigrants , maybe it 's time to fix their inherent problems too ... ps : you = british government . 
  cause the common market aint that common  ), 
  u nazi !, 
  the wincest force is great with turkey  ), 
  it was joke and this is a recurring map that gets posted several times a year once it is updated . 
  there are also people who wash their hands but in some circumstances do n't use soap . 
  well as long if it 's about the decision of the israeli state , then no wander ... a lot of people are not ok with some of their practices and transference is unavoidable similar to how disagreement towards moscow ( putin ) can be seen as a cold shoulder to russian citizens nevertheless ... 
  * family strokes * lol, 
  green lying bastards  ), 
  not sure it has , just that inequality increased in the sense that poor areas became poorer or stagnant , while wealthy areas got richer ... 
  yes but some aspects of life are way higher in uk than in slovakia . 
  for example one pays 1000p -1500 p rent in london , whereas in bucharest one pays 150p - 250p for a similar studio ...
