  the values are not always the same ... 
  yes ofc , 5 % is optimal . 
  3 % is problematic there is a shortage of employable population , 7 % means that there are some structural problems which must be address before it ends up in a 20 % ... 
  they should just c4 the fking doors , then gas and flash grenades while storming in with laser pointers . 
  damn so coool  ), 
  unemployment bellow 5 % is considered by some unproductive to the economy . 
  there needs to be a bit of competition on the working force also . 
  i think another relation that should be taken into consideration is unemployed people vs unoccupied ( inactive ) people . 
  since u have a segment population that can work , which is split into active population and unoccupied population . 
  furthermore u have the a segment of the unoccupied population on the unemployment registry . 
  so unless we see the whole picture those numbers can fool us . 
  also there is a currency battle yuan vs dollar vs euro . 
  countries have used currency to balance their import / export ratio all along . 
  the problem is that some countries prefer a stronger euro while others would prefer a weaker euro . 
  which is no different from a strategic genocide ... this shouldn \\ t be the path to be taken ... 
  but we want to rat our siblings out of civil duty and general concern , and not out of fear ( unless it \\ s fear of what he may do ) ... also i think trump said smth similar that he plans to kill terrorists families as retaliation ( i am not sure ... i think i heard it on a rant about his ( trump \\ s ) stupid beliefs ... can \\ t find a source for it ), 
  in romania , is similar to what bondia_reddit said for spain , except we don \\ t have the a citizen insolvency law ( there is only one for companies ) . 
  basically once you stop paying your mortgage the bank will take the collateral ( usually the house , but other assets too if stipulated in the contract ) and try to sell it . 
  best case scenario they will manage to sell the property for enough that will cover the existing debt , if not u will still be liable for the remaining difference for your entire life . 
  the good thing is that , unless u have other assets to your name that they can seize , they can only take 30 % on your wage . 
  which is still a lot considering that u will have to pay both a new rent which is also around 20-40 % of one \\ s wage and also the mortgage for a house u will never own ... 
  but now things have changed . 
  in a way to appease this problem ( considering also the elections are at the door this year ) the legislator has thought this way . 
  ok if the property sold by the bank couldn \\ t cover the remaining mortgage then there was surely a problem on how the property was valuated . 
  since the valuation process is done by the banks internally we can see that there is a conflict of interest here , as they are more inclined to sell properties so biased over valuation is quite the norm . 
  considering all these facts they introduced a new bill that stipulates that the valuation risk must be shared between bank and client , so in the case that the former can \\ t pay his debt , he can just hand the property to the bank and be done with the mortgage , it \\ s the bank \\ s problem . 
  of course , bank weren \\ t happy about this so they are also pushing hard raising the advance payment for new mortgages from a 10-15 % to a 30-40 % which put the construction industry in a pinch . 
  ofc there are some limitation and conditions and not every mortgage can be closed this way ( you don \\ t have to have other similar properties , it only concerns houses as living spaces and not other mortgages etc ) . 
  we are still assessing the effect of this bill , to see if it \\ s good or bad for the economy ... 
  not big enough comparable to the others . 
  i couldn \\ t find any german company in top 10 except the eads consortium . 
  the thing is germany is not on the cutting edge as final product . 
  you probably do a lot of good hardware ( since germany is still in top 5 defense exporters so got ta be doing smth ) which is assembled or integrated in their final product by other companies . 
  the reason that such companies haven \\ t appear yet is because german dod investment are low , compared to usa , china , russia . 
  this is my take on things , but ofc i could be wrong . 
  weird what is happening in poland . 
  in our press is presented as ( the overall pis assessment ) as a starving wolf trying to eat as much as he can as fast as he can . 
  most of the changes are seen undemocratic since they want to bring some institution under their control . 
  the irony is that in my country there is that facto already and we are trying to get institution out of politicians control ... , 
  they are happy to get 400-500 euros in romania , especially if they do n't have experience ... 
  why be so selfish and leave poor moon so alone :( (, 
  not saying it isn \\ t but i presume more than 50 % who have s files are related to terrorism and potential radicalization or proned to radicalization . 
  also some of the last perps , where not on any watch lists , the only common denominator being unsocial behavior , some psych triggers and muslim heritage ( the nice shitbag was nothing alike a muslim in the true sense ) . 
  what i am afraid is that we will be starting rounding moderate / modern muslims and which will just speed up the radicalization process in vicious cycle ( never ending war like israel - palestina ) . 
  we need soldiers , but also we need the gear and tech would that give them a competitive advantage and higher survivability ... i was not debating on uav , but on a general investment in military r&d . i think this is why a country like germany doesn \\ t have big defense companies . 
  from what i managed to see most notable defense contractors in eu are eads ( fr/gr ) , finmeccanica ( it ) , thales ( fr ) but are at the [ bottom of the list ... ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/biggest_arms_sales_2013.png/300px-biggest_arms_sales_2013.png ), 
  we should make moon colonies and exile them there ... 
  because there was no proof he was still planing smth ... we are not still at the point were people will accept putting every one suspected of terrorism in | camps | . 
  basically to be sure , we would need to do what erdogan is doing and also monitor anyone who would be radicalized not by isis , but because our zealous purge / rounding . 
  but if this continues , and people will start dying random retribution will start . 
  also i don \\ t think icbms could do the trick ... they will be probably intercepted by both sides ... most probable successful nuke scenario would be to have air superiority and drop a g bomb , unless someone doesn \\ t achieve 1st hyper speed cruise missiles . 
  / the fuck do you want us to do , invade crimea ? 
  no god no ... nothing of sorts . 
  what we need for germany and fellow big eu countries is to not send mixed signals ... this is the problem ... when the cancelor says one thing but then the foreign minister says another thing ... uncertainty make everyone itchy and nervous ... 
  also european countries should also start investing in new tech ... 
  more likely than we would like to think ... 
  also i think usa has also a problem with the fact that most european countries use their military budget for wages and current maintenance and dont invest heavy in new tech like they do ( just consider darpa ), 
  you say this as if they could defend themselves and the are doing nothing . 
  maybe they want to rely on germany lets say cause 1st 3 german cities have more population than all 3 baltic states combined . . imo all 3 states should have an integrated army of around 30k , infantry + naval , while letting air defense in the hands of the allies . 
  well you should also think into consideration why that happened . 
  back then geography and climate had a more influence then today upon the battlefield . 
  technology has made sure such handicaps can be minimized . 
  also an occupation war , which is implied in some posts , i hardly consider it possible ... more likely a hit and retreat approach inside friendly territories . 
  partizan wars are harder to subdue then before , especially if the local population has an appetite for it ... 
  or romania also alongside czech republic and slovakia . 
  by this way of thinking basically all eastern europe is russia \\ s legit birthright ... 
  doesn \\ t poland \\ s 31bill budged for army modernization go towards us and british companies ( lm , ng , bae , ryt ) ? 
  these attacks are terror related in the same degree as usa mass school shootings might be also be considered terror attacks . 
  in these cases , from what i read , isis propaganda is just the trigger , but i think any other similar stimuli could have made them lash out . 
  replace isis ' kill the infidels with a far left 's message kill all rich enslaving bastards and you might have a similar result . 
  maybe not same persons since these seem to have their hate fueled by cultural differences , but others who are susceptible more to a different trigger . 
  regarding isis i think they would claim responsibility even for a fart if that would upset us too much . 
  btw how are cctv cams in munich ? 
  because somehow ... people on the edge who usually used to end through suicide or killing his neighbor at worst , are now getting the idea that mass murder a cooler way to go down ... 
  romania 4k + deaths / y only from reckless driving , mostly young people ... 
  could it be the extreme right wing ? 
  yes very very confusing might not be isis ... 
  find it weird perp was n't caught yet ... this may be a new breed of * leech * terrorist , those who do n't wan na sacrifice themselves ... they hit and run ... 
  the motive is enough even when no casualties, 
  hungary , poland , romania was really really close to get a shitbag too and other parties in other countries might swing the same way if given the opportunity , but their chances are increasing ... it might not be the case of coups , or religious fundamentalism but some leaders have shown autocratic tendencies , while slowly but steadily hurting civic liberties , decisions transparency , meritocracy , extreme nationalistic propaganda ( which can be as hurtful as a religious propaganda ) etc. ... so i ask you how far are we if we do n't find a way to correct this ... 
  i think he was referring to a heart problem like those u see in house md  ) , but which u do n't know how to name or to translate ... congenital heart myopathy for ex ... which ended in heart failure ... 
  not sure , i am uncertain myself of how it will be ... but at 1st we will just be jobless , without a penny , maybe after we will live like in arab states , payed to stay put ... 
  the problem is that robots are getting cheaper and smarter in terms of work efficiency ... i just read an article that on an assembly line in a factory , they put the 1st robots that can work alongside humans without the fear of injuring them , ofc doing the hard things like lifting , pulling , while human worker does the finesse tasks . 
  this was greeted with enthusiasm , but that robot probably laid off another human worker . 
  in the future even white collar jobs will be threaten by smart self learning algorithms ... it 's just a matter of decades ... the digital revolution wo n't be like the industrial one ... 
  do n't worry too much we all have our erdogan in the rising unfortunately ... 
  we wo n't reach 2 this year ... 
  if you establish a costal city u get a bonus . 
  saint james ... , 
  and only the center is romanian , the personnel will be from nato . 
  you guys have to understand that there are countries that have 2 euro for 50gb ... so yes there must be a limit . 
  my boss has a calendar with her naked in his office . 
  not on the wall ofc  ), 
  not just germany ... 
  what is their point ? 
  ok cool we are doomed ... 
  you used the conditional , which is ok . most people are stuck in the present :p, 
  ca n't really say tbh you 'd have to ask them , 
  then italian wo n't be such a hard task ... with time you will get used to i guess . 
  how hard was for you to learn spanish ?
