  these guidelines are not bad . 
  planned obsolescence is one of the side effects of our consumerist society and on the long run it is bad for everyone . 
  more than 2x ? 
  more than 2x ? 
  yes u were all comments, 
  for romania pls another color for under 50 km/h, 
  no thanks . 
  the west has it 's thoughts but considering the shit happening in ee ... 
  spain send la canarias to help a bit ^ . 
  this is the problem ... 
  yep . 
  in romania we have almost 0 professionals in certain fields ... 
  damn if u say nuclear here , you are bound to get downvoted :(, 
  man this is like in a dystopian future novel ... 
  our own cuba !, 
  imported indesit , 
  we are a bit worry of defacto monopolies . . 
  hmm what if we import the `` resources '' ? 
  yep they do n't do things like they used too ... still have at home an old 10-13y old washing machine . 
  i think i only repaired it one or twice ant it was for consumables . 
  if italy can do it also , so can everyone  ), 
  that you are a robot . 
  was about time those 1 % gave back some money !, 
  finally !, 
  the employees have the power !, 
  :p / s, 
  good joke . 
  i think they wan na fta on financial services over freedom of movement in the london metro area . 
  but it wo n't work cause then every service company outside london will just create a fiscal hq in london and bypass any imposed tariffs or quotas . 
  i dont hate them . 
  i dont care tbh i wear straight / regular sometimes stretched jeans . 
  same problem in romania, 
  where is our cuba ? 
  also dont forget the artifical islands we will make in the baltics, 
  not the waves , just the poor fishies  ), 
  save meeee !!!!, 
  same feeling in romania . 
  although it is prohibited by law , the constitution is smart about it and uses same terminology as the human rights declaration : spouses . 
  but a powerful `` civic group '' arose these 2 year backed by almost 3 mil signatures ( with leaders from the new right and orthodox church ) that want to change the constitution and have it saying man and woman so that in order to ever give them that right we would have to change again the constitution ( very difficult process ) . 
  saddening really since the same group will go next after : 1 ) banning abortion 2 ) banning divorce . 
  good luck m8, 
  this is a big thing, 
   they will complement existing state-based , occupational and national personal pensions , but not replace or harmonise national personal pension regimes . 
  it is ok for starters but in europe most of us use state pensions . 
  nowadays it is so easy to fabricate propaganda . 
  switching 5 mil people 's heart is an easy task if there is a consensus at the higher level . 
  how are romanians in this regard ? 
  dd looks more capable ... but that buffoon bj ... 
  as any other aircraft carrier on its own ... 
  lol ... is n't this a bit narcissist ... ? 
  integrate your mother oecd ... that 's who we 'd integrate ... 
  the mafia within the constanta port . 
  do you have idea how many goods enter through there before being laundered and resold on the eu market . 
  at least there might be a filter at at the hungarian border . 
  and also there is the drug trafficking which also relies to some extent on border authorities not doing their jobs properly . 
  i do n't get his point ... we already knew this when they decided to leave . 
  it makes no sense . 
  even if we are out of schengen for all eternity people will still be able to migrate where ever they please in eu under current arrangement . 
  the main affected parties in this equation are the transport of goods . 
  the problem is that 1st we need a pan european solution for external borders . 
  like joint tasks operating and with authority on all external borders , backed by the new eu prosecution office or whatever they wan na call it and also surveyed by secret services from different states . 
  the hope they will win at the appeal . 
  can the nordic grid also incorporate the baltics ? 
  dear sir/yours faithfully :p, 
  yes the idea of ubi is that you are not trapped in big cities with no future . 
  ubi gives you the opportunity to go someplace else with a cheaper bill for a similar standard of living . 
  its like a strategic retreat so to speak . 
  in the end if you have access to education , health and information services it might be enough on short and medium term . 
  but not enough minerals ... 
  it is n't from my point of view . 
  if i were to choose between cctv deterrence and 2nd amendment i 'd choose cctv . 
  also in civilized countries where people rarely are face with crimes , they are scared of the potential abuse than any degree of security they may give . 
  this comes from the decreasing marginal utility of goods and services theory . 
  it 's more complicated than that , it 's a bit psychological . 
  i think it 's about the power you perceive that you can do anything without being caught . 
  that kind of power gives some individual a type of comfort even though they might not ever abuse of it . 
  cctv robes them of that power and they feel threaten . 
  the fact that every move you make is technically recorded and you have no privacy , basically doing whatever you feel like without the fear of someone watching and potentially judging you . 
  for example you feel like spiting on the pavement when no one is watching or throw some litter just there when no one is looking or smoking or buying weed at the corner or the fact that you visit your mistress or whatever . 
  what if there was a hit and run and no one to report ... the only eye witness ... a cctv . 
  there are a lot of crimes which would go unreported or for which there is no lead except the cctv . 
  the ability to mine the information stored by these cctv is another matter . 
  cctv is not about preventing but about proof of an event . 
  where are `` the sarmalute '' ?!!!, 
  this is not ok ... :(, 
  the point is does n't really matter . 
  the reference was more about the philosophical bad things for the right reasons vs good things for the wrong reasons . 
  basically anything you do 6m prior to reelections is poised to have ulterior motives . 
  most samples for romania , are around 1000 - 1300 people for a 97 % confidence . 
  if you want countries like poland to invoke article 50 , sure yes ... 
  yes but sometimes you have take the good , even if it is for the wrong reasons . 
  if they find better alternatives , sure ... why not , 
  lol . 
  i see jews still have a lot of influence . 
  yeah yeah bitches sold german nationals like cattle . 
  hope they find the perp and give him 20 fking years !, 
  the level of shame we feel is indescribable ... 
  yes all have sold backed the shares enough to cover the interest rate and the initial cost + a bonus . 
  the problem to my knowledge is that no state has immediately paid back the gov loan in order to deleverage the country . 
  everyone is waiting in growth and inflation to eat off the debt .
