  high fking management has to start fearing criminal law for their actions otherwise capitalism is doomed !, 
  but it seems there are still loopholes . 
  otherwise the french labor agency would just have cracked upon the companies that use this practice . 
  the loophole i see is this . 
  the limit is 4 months lets so i just rotate 3 workers . 
  but in practice it is as if 1 had 1 permanent . 
  no , the crime was done in america and they want to prosecute them there . 
  it was more for the sake of the argument . 
  it can be 2 months or 3 month a year , depends on what they will negotiate . 
  but for ex if your company sends you and 9 of your colleagues on the same routine then maybe they should make a permanent subsidiary in that respective country . 
  and the only law they have to abide is minimum wage and income tax , the rest will still be reported back home . 
  the eu has to make a fiscal framework for the union because at the moment doing smth like this is very very bureaucratic . 
  as an example even in the case of my country if a company has a project somewhere else where they will employ more than 5 people on a permanent base for a decent period of time they are forced to declare a local work point and pay income tax in that fiscal jurisdiction and not at the headquarters . 
  in our case is simple , but take murica which has the same configuration as europe with states having different levels of mwage they still have to adapt to the place of delivery . 
  i do n't like this form protectionism aka tribalism : `` they might be crooks but they are ours so fk u murica ! '', 
  they will not imprison them they will just face prosecution ... and a judge and jury will decide what happens to them . 
  now this will give some new burning oil to the conspiracy theorist !, 
  buckle up boys :d, 
  10 million pln ai n't that much tbh . 
  its usually a normal bribe in romania . 
  you polish noobs still have to learn . 
  i think it can mean also that military they ca n't remove assad out of power since he is backed up by russian military . 
  yes transition should not be taxed , but for example if a romanian based company does only internal routes in germany again we have a problem ... 
  no problem but taxes should still be paid . 
  they live in france they use french infrastructure they should obey french laws . 
  same if a company places its vp in poland . 
  he is right and there should be made a clear distinction what it is a permanent placement , seasonal placement and project based placement . 
  in my opinion whatever exceeds more that a month a year of man on site should be forced to be registered locally . 
  this should be the case also the reverse . 
  when western companies send their employees to work in ee for longer periods of time they should pay taxes locally ( only income tax usually due to double taxation agreements ), 
  omg this argument is so stupid . 
  no one is prohibiting ee workers accessing the western market they just have to be employed there . 
  like everyone is . 
  rom\u00e2nia has 1 mil in italy and 1.5 million in spain , but they work there pay their taxe for their new communities . 
  and he can be both . 
  it 's an upgrade ... 
  waging war with mars, 
  in the end turkey didnt have its own back when they prosecuted the ones who authorized shutting down the russian plane ... 
  how come ? 
  yeah checking russia panel for traitors !, 
  that would be nice , but i saw article saying the opposite . 
  yes but what does she imply ? 
  i presume fk eu , right ? 
  it is fair to consider that if the european projects manages to move forward , serbia will be our cuba for the next decades ... 
  that goes without question but it is still a sad turn of events the moment we started to feel that things might go ok for us ... 
  what is sweden 's beef ? 
  which will be held in 3 years so enough time for people to forget and for them to destroy the justice system . 
  there is high probability that they will impeach also the president later on the only one who stands in their way atm . 
  it will be a shitshow bye bye romania the stability heaven from the east . 
  romania , maybe without the blue emblem background ? 
  but the countries themselves where these things happen should fight it really hard ... if not from a humanitarian perspective at least as a way to protect the competitivity of the italian / spanish / german worker . 
  ps : in germany the problem is with the slaughter houses workers . 
  that would be the main area of worker abuse from what i could find on the media . 
  they usually go for 2x or so are promised . 
  but there other things happen , including rape , duress , usually by the mafia members or and farm owners . 
  ofc people still go there on the old saying this wo n't happen to me . 
  this only happens only in sicillia to my knowledge . 
  the way i see it this is the only tech that has anti icbm potential capabilities . 
  especially if you hook it up to a nuclear power reactor ... 
  well in south italy the situation is very dire even for eu workers from what we see very few month at tv . 
  a lot of abuse especially against women ... 
  as far as i understand the difference would be smth like ai assisted , no more 2 pilot planes , but one human and its customized ai , better avionics , drone swarm control , networking even further than what the current f35 proposes . 
  basically stabilize everything the f35 concept provides but with superior avionics . 
  i have a friend from the countryside who went to germany to work in fruit / vegetable picking . 
  he told me it was hard work but overall there was n't any abuse and he liked what he saw there : how they did agriculture , the village the local community . 
  atm he is doing a more lucrative business as a lorry driver . 
  yes and hopefully it will be directly a gen6 plane . 
  damn we need these in the black sea ... :(, 
  you can see a lot of bad hombres :d ~ ~ can repost some quick links for part 1 and 2 , you made me wanting for more ... ~ ~ nevermind they were on the same page :d, 
  grab him by the balls !, 
  it will be a proper surrender !, 
  hardly ... we are so overproductive for our 550 mil population that we depend mostly on the ability of others to consume ... 
  because it represents a symbol of resistance towards our culture ... 
  functional used in interception missions 2 at campia turzii for hun/serv air space and 2 at mihail kogalniceanu for the n-e interceptions and 2 for `` training '' . 
  we still have to receive the rest 6 more this year . 
  ps : we got 3 at the end of last year , so we need 3 more which are still in portugal with our pilots for training i think . 
  probably the resources , we 've been doing nato exercises full time in the last 18 month or so . 
  yes , but probably rheinmetall will get the contract because ... 
  i find this very funny especially the pre-medieval empire flair  ), 
  ( pula means penis in romanian , just so you know ) . 
  now read again his comment with a loud voice  ), 
  [ lovely thank you !, 
  the main one you presented in the post . 
  we know and we are happy , but the problem is that they are competing with rheinmetall defence for moreni factory in romania . 
  i am not sure if both companies wan na produce similar products , but if the products are complementary maybe a treeway cooperation would be cool , and some know how sharing for better military equipment for europe is welcomed . 
  i like it op , it is very artistic in its not even form . 
  can you adapt it to the romanian one , pretty pls  ? 
  thx for the insight . 
  you are a genius ... 
  what is the difference between 1 seater and 2 seaters ? 
  why force it when it can happen naturally ? 
  i see tariffs against asia coming along the way in the next 5 years lol, 
  haha cool story bro, 
  uber is a crap company and i 'd have no problem if lift would buy romanian operations from uber , but i am afraid that the lobby done by the taxi would ban these * it * companies in order to have monopoly . 
  i do n't cause about that , but i am sick of the alternative , of those fking subhumans which call themselves taxi drivers . 
  that beat , harass , take advantage of customers and never pay taxes ... 
  i do n't know but in romania , bucharest uber has been a blessing for customers at least . 
  but also for the fiscal authorities since they can have a control on fiscal evasion done by these taxi companies . 
  no , freedom of movement had this in mind and it was a political gamble . 
  basically they knew that unlimited freedom of movement was the only way to balance the shockwave from the difference in wealth in between countries .
