  so at least 500k out of 3.000 k. 
  psd has a hard core voting base of 2 mil - 3 mill tops and it wo n't go up . 
  urbanization helps this process too . 
  education is a must and opposition must step up its game if they dont want psd to rule again . 
  romania needs a left socialist party indeed cause there are a lot of issues left unfinished in this sector . 
  the problem is that they have monopol over this ideology because of their structural reach to the affected masses . 
  they are going a dangerous path , dragnea is saying that this protest is orchestrated by crooked corporations and tariceanu that we should follow uk and exit the eu . 
  post this on / r/bulgaria, 
  1 step at the time , but this was the urgent matter !, 
  at the end of today 's protest , in some cities the protests finished at the train station where people led the students to get the trains and come to bucharest for the massive protest today . 
  the pun is that the new government also has signed an oug this month in which they gave to all students the right to free travel by train  ), 
  yes but they are just moving the corpse from the government to the parliament , which are the same people backed by the same criminals . 
  we might have won a battle , but the war is not finished yet ... 
  it 's our choice to believe in something greater than a xviii century concept of nation . 
  atm the prosecution is trying to find out what happened exactly . 
  rich but somehow true ... 
  haha yes , the usa should learn make better cars :p, 
  yes there was only 1 riot started by 30-50 person . 
  football hooligans probably . 
  good , start that gdp moving !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  romania has 20 mil registered citizens , around 3 mils are abroad , also the majority of old people wo n't come to protest even if they wanted on -5 degrees . 
  we expect this weekend to gather .5 mils across the country . 
  discrepancy is romanian living in france probably . 
  from what i recall he has left views ... 
  have no idea but it would be a shitstorm for everybody ... ofc they will side with greece but do n't know how they will manage such a situation . 
  war  ) but they would use the imams to command the assault lol, 
  if they will do that president will declare urgency state and will intervene . 
  but it wo n't be constitutional or democratic , it will be basically a coup . 
  the grave stipulation ( deosebit de grav ) is set at 2 million lei and is set by other articles in the penal code !, 
  only the hooligans , the police split the violent hooligans from the general population . 
  i heard the prosecution also came and they are interrogating the hooligans in the parliament building . 
  people already know who the hooligans are . 
  they are the members of dinamo , and their leader is close with the mayor of district 3 in bucharest while his brother is main shareholder at the club . 
  they are psd members and have active trials . 
  the government , which are under control of the main party of the parliament . 
  they also have majority . 
  he supports the public opinion and he does everything he can to stop these crazy laws . 
  but his hands are tied as he does n't have the power of a french or american president but his role is more important than the german one . 
  in this particular scenario this prime minister edicts which have the power of law , can only be stopped by the people attorney , but unfortunately that guy is also in league with those who proposed these laws . 
  this morning he stated that from his point of view there is nothing he can do in the next 10 days before the ordinances bear legal effect . 
  the president and the supreme judicial council with main actors of the judicial power had a meeting this morning and they are trying to find ways to block this madness at the constitutional court . 
  in the same time protests might be violent . 
  this evening there might be the largest protest since 1989 . i hope that at least 10 % of the capital population to participate ( 300k + ) . 
  ps : the directorate for investigating organized crime and terrorism just stated some article from the new ordinances directly affect cases on drug trafficking cases and cases of serious violence . 
  also there is the possibility that the entire justice system will block its activity and will initiate an informal strike . 
  i just want to weep ... 
  yes , the fraud in his case is of 108.000 lei , the law stipulates it is a penal case only if damages amount more than 200.000 lei ... 
  there is no other way ... 
  it cant the only one who can the `` people 's lawyer '' is with them ... 
  eu members are crying that they want their independence from eu while the eu is crying that it wants to be independent and free from usa china and russia reign . 
  oh sweet irony ... 
  its a bit more complicated tbh . 
  the euro is an average between all the monetary union members , with germany doing the best and the south the worse . 
  being an average it might not fit any country as a glove . 
  not to mentions that victims have already started to appear ... children who can not be vaccinated due to medical conditions and circumstances are dying because the lack of a proper herd protection ... also parents whose children died because of no vaccination should be charged with murder charges ... 
  we need pan european riots ... maybe do n't know ... 
   i would love to see how many women would prefer to not wear hijab if there was n't pressure from their husbands , family , community , cleric . 
  yes but this is the problem our social services have to solve in the next 20 - 30 years . 
  the emancipation of the arab woman if it is even possible ... 
  it is a sort o madness , but i think it is a madness driven by borders . 
  just like the russians they feel suffocated , they need space , but they realize there is nothing they can do except waiting for history to smile again upon them ... russia on the other hand has the power to change and challenge its fate so they look at her with both envy and admiration being drawn like a moth to fire ... / s, 
   switzerland with less referendums pls ...  ), 
  tbh we should federalized 1st some services like army , police ( interpol ) , secret services , to the next level above optional cooperation to a body that has sovereignty over local braces . 
  and we should continue the harmonization on fiscal policy and penal / civil law . 
  i think he had a boner when he said yes  ), 
  yes , but if ur electorate thinks europe just weakens the great germany one should push for the opposite in order to change their mind . 
  beautiful and emotional , but unfortunately people do n't know war and could care less . 
  they want high paying jobs and if possible no competition whatsoever ... 
  lol trump has to learn a thing or two from orban , imo . 
  the art of iliberalism is not so easy to master !, 
  greece , romania already has wall , we have hungary paying for it, 
  1st the wall then the finger  ), 
  you might be getting somewhere with that ... 
   ) yes i also thought of that when i wrote it lol, 
  i know my kettle from skyrim !, 
  made in china !, 
  it was a joke ofc , since atm the sultan only commands greece and germany what to do . 
  but it may not be a half ass idea , irresponsible , but not that bad  ) ), 
  a real 5th leg bull  ), 
  that 's not even a romanian breed , but after 2-3 beers it is one with the romanian spirit  ), 
  epic !, 
  lolz time for greece and german naval forces to do some exercises in the aegean sea . 
  but after they pass the laws we can do that . 
  well if we get violent we usually kill the political leaders , our politicians may take that into account  ) lol, 
  nice to know that he knows it all , 
  do n't worry chaps , u ca n't ditch this ... 
  we are tolerant with corruption to the point we become accessories to the fact !, 
  they don ; t us destroyed they just dont want us united ... 
  do n't worry they have experience , oh hell we all have !!, 
  another dragnea !, 
  the end result being that data center business will flourish in europe since companies are forced to store locally . 
  why not , there are no money involved in torture ... no bigcorp has any interest in this bill . 
  so if the respected republicans oppose it and the democrats are against it there is nothing trump can do . 
  even he does n't care he just wants to justify himself to some niche of his followers . 
  yes i usually let water do the talking since urine itself is a very powerful acidic medium that kills germs . 
  one can find a lot of these star shaped citadels in denmark , and scandinavian countries . 
  ofc it was a joke , since these type of fort initiated in italy and then spreaded towards the whole europe in 15th / 16 century i think , hence no relation to vikings . 
  so the vikings where also in italy ... good to know !, 
  as if they would care what happens to the rest of europe .
