  i read yesterday the finance minister 's opinion ... he was really really committed to the cause ... a true `` patriot '' as some may say  ), 
  epic !, 
  you may not be able to ban muslim schools which is not fair to be honest since other religions have their schools , but you can ban some disciplines that have religious and dogmatic content , and you can reject a practice license for a school that does n't respect regulation . 
  since some schools will probably try to defy the new regulation because their way is the only way it might be easy to close them . 
  but how can you prove she was forced if she will always says otherwise ? 
  if they have balls they should get out from the european market  ... no more apple from `` crappy '' europeans  ) . 
  romania 's base tanks is the [ tr 85m1 ] ( https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/tr-85 ) which is a spin off of the t55 variant . 
  40 years ago we also built [ this ] ( http://www.tanks-encyclopedia.com/coldwar/romania/tr-77-580.php ) but we have non either in service or storage . 
  we only have tr 85 1st variant and tr 85m1 . 
  pathetic how us is spinning this given they portrait themselves as the spearhead of the campaign versus fiscal paradises which is exactly how ireland acted . 
  from what i understood and feel free to correct if you have more reliable info , those billions which were exempted from taxation , were never to be incorporated in apple usa so be taxed there or smthing . 
  given this , what us congress did is just why we consider lobbying illegal and try to fight it as a form of corruption . 
  those lobbiests went fast to some congressmen and urged them to act and scare little eu even if the us gov may not have benefited from the money that were not taxed . 
  pathetic . 
  one of the principle of law is that the contributor hence also apple has the obligation to know the laws within it operates . 
  if they failed to understand the full implication of these deals given they pay millions to big law firms then it is their problem . 
  they thought they scheme the eu and not pay , but it did n't work so now pls pay !, 
  oh yes ... big corps pls s ( l ) ave us from the tyrannical eu and guide us to heaven ... 
  should we relate these findings to apple scandal ? 
  does n't really help them , since they are not based in eu . 
  they need a tax heaven inside the eu i guess . 
  anyway this is a bit odd from turkey , i thought they were proud people who do n't want to get screwed by western big corps ... 
  corruption 101, 
  the money will enter in the consolidated budged of ireland , how you will use your money that is your problem ... saying this money is worthless cause it will be used to pay debt is stretched since that debt was to be paid no matter what and ofc it is paid from the irish citizen 's pocket . 
  this is fair money . 
  and what 's more infuriating is the fact that the american have the balls to question this decision ... them who advocate for taxing big corporate and shutting down fiscal paradises ... spineless people ... 
  sorry if my comment mislead you , but i am against this types of deals and i am happy that the eu would make an example out of ireland while the irish citizens will indirectly benefit from it . 
  also i am disappointed how some english redditors make this news article about how eu will set the local fiscal policy from now and how the eu is behaving abusively , while having no idea about what they are talking or what article 107 states ... 
  well they can fiscally execute them even if they go in another country . 
  a contract is a contract . 
  if a romanian court definitively and irrevocably decides that you have to pay me money and you live in germany , i think that i can go at a german court and have it ratified ( meaning the german court wo n't retrial the validity of the sentence but just it will expand its validity into germany according to agreements in between states and aslo german laws that tackle this issue ), 
  no , countries are just too big and the expenses does n't let them to race to the bottom . 
  this is why they only do this kind of shady deal usually with big but very few corporations while there rest pay full . 
  i might be wrong but i think it is virtually impossible for a country with lets say 5kkk + inhabitants to keep the current level of social security and behave like a fiscal paradise ... 
  we spoke mostly same language . 
  i think it 's similar to the italian states . 
  all were italians at heart but were organized in different states . 
  better , people who benefit from subsidized higher education ( university ) , have to work in the country for the next 10 years or they will have to pay the money back with interest . 
  your gov can still do it . 
  but it has to make the legislation transparent so that any company that fits some criteria can benefit from it . 
  countries can put whatever tax they want . 
  if ireland wants to tax corporations with 0 , they have the right although ofc it will be criticized by everyone even by it 's citizens . 
  the main requirement is that it has to have it 0 for every corporation . 
   ) u crazy rabbit !, 
  your point ? 
  it does n't help that much , people do n't trust and the uncertainty and the distrust in the future is too big . 
  also we do n't have the money to make a real difference or not willing to invest and the class we want to target , the successful middle class , wo n't bite ( which is also stupid since the middle class is so small that it would n't make any difference ) . 
  women seem to be more interested in the career and just delay the moment of having a baby and they have it they just have one . 
  we also have a lot of pour social services , especially children protection , so from time to time we will have on the media cases where pour families just live on the money they get for their children and use them for alcohol or just are presented cases with gypsy communities which are ofc unintegrated even in romania who have a lot of children and ofc benefit like everybody else . 
  but we hate them to a degree and given the mentality better to kill a policy then to have them benefit from it coupled with some opinion currents that say pour and un educated do n't deserve it and it 's a waste to invest money on them as their children will never have the background to provide any benefice to the society , well we are were we are ... in my honest opinion we just do n't have the financial comfort and sometimes the courage to the on the responsibility of having children ... 
  the last question was rhetorical meaning unless some force comes in and overwhelms everybody to stop it wo n't stop it will go for a lot of years . 
  what i meant was the fact that most of bosnia 's refugees did n't emigrate because they wanted the wealthfare from germany , they run because of the war . 
  they just hate them to the point they want them all wiped out from the face of the earth ... 
  yep this is the question : what to do with them when no one wants them and you do n't have where to deport them ... 
  indeed ... curious if any country could exit that agreement to host war immigrants . 
  we already know this , uk wo n't get freebies , something else ? 
  the shitty part is that a lot of them wo n't come back ... especially from italy and spain where they fit easier and also the local communities have enough of a critical mass to feel somehow like home and not inbetween strangers . 
  we will be force to do what merkel does in germany atm , beg for immigrants and hoping for the best ... 
  yes it is hard to say . 
  it depends mainly on this i think . 
  a lot of yugoslavians ( pre war ) emigrated a lot in the germany , which meant they could have come to germany whenever if they would have truly wanted . 
  but they did n't intend to come to germany , they just wanted to run from the war and one the war was done they came back . 
  but the war only 3 years ... so many did n't have the time to start a new life , to settle down , and some of them if they remained was to get a the startup needed ( making money ) for them to rebuilt when coming back . 
  in the case of the syrian war it may be that a lot of people are thinking this conflict will last like what 's happening in irak almost 15 years and there is still unrest . 
  so by the time it gets over only a few will be ok to go back . 
  hmm as a side note : why did the conflict there ( bosnia ) ended fast and did n't continue for decades ? 
  the problem is they will also stop the gas pipe ... can germany pay the cost and other countries which are not directly involved ... this is the main problem ... it will be also economically costly for us , especially the w europe . 
  but since we is not directly targeted by the russians the way ee is for example , there is almost no popular support , and the little we have it will dim right away after economic negative effects start manifesting ... 
  even now a lot of germans think this sanctions are gibberish and this non sense should stop , as well as other europeans . 
  the only exceptions are where the public is by default russophobic and very sensible to the russian propaganda and new ambitions . 
  in a way it 's understandable to find solidarity when there is such a divide between us europeans ... 
  i think only tragedy or fear could bring us together ... 
  to romania not bulgaria !!!, 
  why u taking away every last hope of joy from us ... / s , 
  yes totally right . 
  and because they are so many and culturally so different and they ca n't be evenly distributed they will probably end up segregating from our society , especially those who will have it hard to adapt . 
  people hate change and they try to protect themselves from change ... it 's almost universal . 
  not sure what german is trying to pull , i presume that merkel is afraid of the statistics that say germany needs an inflow of 500k `` new bloods '' every year for it to stay competitive 50 years from now when most europe will be ravaged by aging , lack of men power and the human resource to power up a competitive economy ... but even so i am no sure if she will like the germany she will have created by then ... 
  they hate them mostly cause they undercut the labor market , especially on a lot of low jobs . 
  since some leave on the streets , they can afford to work for bellow 1000 pounds / months in london , while for a person leaving there and owning even a room is almost impossible . 
  also there is the gypsy thing , and yes they are disgusting , i 've seen the images with them just hanging around 30-40 persons in the park in center london ruining everything . 
  i am not sure why the police did n't intervene and evacuate their ars ... or i know this is the brainwashing of politically correct acting . 
  search 7 days  ), 
  come to romania and gamble :d, 
  i think they forgot to invite the russians  ), 
  bi bi ttif ? 
  usually this is a practice , foreign units are invited . 
  not sure about the methodology on who to invite ... 
  fk isis , next news report will say how the turkish helped by russian air support fended off a pkk offensive . 
  yeah some afghan refugees ended up caught by our border patrol and when they found out they where in romania instead of hungary , they started crying like infants . 
  was broadcasted all over the news last year i think ... amusing to a degree ... 
  those grannie 's dna already mutated to withstand radiation ... they will probably live forever also ... 
  yep , let them export wheat . 
  we in europe , prefer to export crackers and croissants . 
  it will be sad if they will continue the fence on the romanian border also ... 
  and another one bites the dust ... 
  technically yes ... but in practice it is very hard and it 's not like a yard which that also might be not enough for dogs . 
  not to mention the efforts you will have to make . 
  i really enjoy my cat and dog , but i had to leave them behind with my parents ( they own a house in the city ) , as i moved out at an apartment . 
  yep also believe he resigned cause he thought that was the right thing to do ...
