save them damnit !, 
  hot dogs and boring pilsner are basically the only two reasons to go to denmark and now that we have boring beer up here , you 're gon na take the hot dogs away ? 
  `` europe '' :(, 
  only some ... only some . 
  also it 's a very integrated part of our `` culture '' , which is to say that most men have stories and experiences from their time in the military . 
  or for pacifists , their time in schools/hospitals/youth centers etc. 
  norway . 
  we were n't really hit that bad anyways ( a fountain of oil money saved a lot of jobs ) , and since our economy is mostly services for each other and oil/lng exports all we had to do was to just keep going on as before . 
  well then the alcohol would vaporize and what 's the point in that ? 
  more dogs , more dogs , ok stop dogs, 
  in every country with compulsory voting ? 
  probably because not voting should be considered a valid kind of protest against the electables . 
  yes sure , many people who do n't vote are just lazy but it 's still important that people are n't forced into supporting someone they do n't want to support . 
  paid for by german taxpayers !, 
  i thought he was writing some condescending `` you should just learn german as easily as i did , stupid '' post after those two first lines . 
  also denmark pls fix aids and cancer, 
  probably balkans . 
  this article is n't about you , is it ? 
  it 's like your next door neighbor - they can be as lovable and awesome as they like , but sometimes them being slightly different from you can piss you off . 
  also of course a lot of historical reasons , like them `` stealing '' norway after we broke free from denmark , or them taking some of our land ( \u00d8st-tr\u00f8ndelag in particular ) . 
  his decisive off-walking told me all i needed to know . 
  swedes . 
  100 % anecdotal : one time i was in berlin , and some exhausted-looking ( drugs or w/e ) guy came up to me and said something in german . 
  i said something like `` sorry ? 
  i do n't speak german '' and he responded with `` you are in germany . 
  in germany we speak german '' an walked off . 
  like a european hollywood !, 
  i 'm not sure if these downvotes are from butthurt neo-nazis or overbearing lefties :(, 
  not really , since capacity to inflict violence often requires intelligence . 
  underestimating people like that can really bite you in the ass . 
   an asian i know basic algebra , close enough ? 
  pls dont use spooky letters, 
  homos and nazis have no idea how lucky they are !, 
  i think you 're looking at a 5 year degree if you want a complete understanding of those things . 
   what the norwegian government appears to be doing is sending back eritrean refugees en masse where 'd you get that from ? 
  you just summed up why the metric system is super useful regardless of the scenario . 
   but unfortunately there is no other way to protect russia against lobbyists from eu or usa who can push ( and are actually doing it in other parts of the world ) their agendas through those ngos . 
  why does russia need protection against this ? 
  proof proofs pls, 
  probably something about homosex ruining their culinary cultural heritage . 
  your british half is thinking long-term ... 
  well it 's not really nonsense if it works for them , is it ? 
  username checks out . 
  i 'd just be honest : `` it 's great that you 're working so hard for what you believe in but i do n't agree enough to change my vote in your favour '' . 
  this is the main reason people are opposed to a common nordic nation . 
   they just create a gishgallop of misinformation which is more trouble than its worth to deal with . 
  welcome to political discussions . 
  you have 3 choices : 1 ) prove that your counterpart is wrong 2 ) accept that you are wrong 3 ) get out, 
  come on man , he 's actually trying to discuss things with you ... 
  they get good pr , you get clean parks . 
  win-win , right ? 
  with international trade , 100 % of national need is n't always the maximum . 
  well it sounds like a good idea until ... actually it just sounds like a bad idea . 
  now you 're just being a smartass . 
  how so ? 
  and what do you mean by `` our relationship '' ? 
  as much as i dislike monarchy , this looks like a proper king to me . 
  you would n't download an eiffel tower, 
  imo , their job is to distribute money fairly between artists . 
  does n't seem like they 're doing that very well . 
  `` my wizard is stronger than your wizard '' then . 
  edit : now i kinda want to get back into mmorpgs ... 
  no , just sarcastic . 
  i know i 'm being a huge asshole here but your post would be more readable with the spelling mistake than with the asterisk . 
  ninja edit : assuming the mistake was `` it 's '' . 
  no , the first time you reference someone you write their full name , and then the next times you just write the first one . 
  sweden had a bit of a different experience . 
  ... until we reach japan and mongolia . 
  your post has a very finnish feel to it . 
  i would have to say [ basse ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8omhttacmg0 ), 
  dude , do n't post personal messages like that . 
  the point of a pm is to relay a message just to you , and it 's really rude to post it publicly no matter how big of an asshole you are arguing with . 
  horned helms lol, 
  i got it before it was even posted !, 
  to be fair , that 's exactly how i would sum up my visits to berlin . 
  bear stuff ( i 'd guess ) . 
  we probably wo n't , though . 
  what do you usually eat with your bread ? 
  try that . 
  well they 're not gon na be fined any time soon , so why not poke them where we can ? 
  so the solution is to wait for anti-vaxxing to become mainstream , so the hipster parents will start vaccinating their children to `` be different '' ... not an easy task , this . 
  [ damn , it 's so hard to be a nissemann !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kwyewun-1jk ), 
  pope is n't a real word, 
  thanks !, 
  you do n't necessarily think about how to kill as few people as possible either . 
  it 's not like he 's around to face any kind of negative consequence . 
  and this is why we 're uncomfortable . 
  shit those two boats are gon na crash !, 
  yeah , but the danish/norwegian missions sent to greenland in the 17-hundreds ( or the 17th century , ca n't remember ) were sent there to see if the viking settlements were still active . 
  so even though the viking settlements died out and greenland was completely separated from europe for hundreds of years ( at least as far as we know ) , the viking settlements were what made denmark/norway interested in traveling there . 
  ah i knew i recognized his style from somewhere !, 
  they once said that here as well . 
  yeah , i think situations like best party can only happen in relatively small electorates . 
  so either a small country like iceland , or a smaller part of a larger country ( kind of like the pirate party in berlin ) . 
  i 'm not getting this joke . 
  being a superpower seems super sad , now i do n't wan na be one any more :(, 
  hm that is photostopped i can tell by the pixelse, 
  depends on us , i guess ( except for the euro , that 's on you alone ) . 
  wow reddit is changing my perception of the world .
