  they even bullied some russian doctors who were there . 
  confiscated their laptops and things . 
  in kuito specifically , there is a potential danger which is fortunately diminishing rapidly - weapons . 
  the town is surrounded by minefields ( some of them czechoslovak , i was told ) and people keep finding ammunition everywhere . 
  one time , a worker at our school construction site , came in the office , holding a mortar round and bashing it on the table , he said `` look what i found . '', 
  mines , combined with diabetes , spiders , parasites and infections in general , mean that a lot of people are missing a limb . 
  i mean , a lot of people . 
  i once met three schoolgirls , well-off ones , two of whom were missing an arm and one had only one leg . 
  and they were from richer families , bags , uniforms , everything . 
  most kids do n't even bring a pencil to school , just a stool to sit on . 
  the country is very catholic , and the church has a lot of influence on things . 
  but , tribal religions still exist . 
  it 's quite interesting . 
  when somebody is offended , they sometimes go to a shaman to put a curse on the person who offended them . 
  poverty is huge . 
  it 's a huge fucking difference when you come to the capital , luanda , and when you are in a village somewhere remote . 
  you can tell that although portuguese is the official language , it is still a second language to some people . 
  the original bangtu languages are still around ( around kuito it is umbundu ) . 
  those places are magical . 
  really untouched nature and traditional lifestyle . 
  no bullet holes or patches of tar from fires , the villages are beautiful . 
  very poor but beautiful . 
  but this is the thing - even though the people have little money and posessions , there are few things to do with them . 
  they are under a much lower financial pressure compared with the richer areas . 
  no rent to pay , or things like that . 
  their life is simpler that way . 
  although education and healthcare in remote areas is still a problem . 
  speaking of healthcare , it needs a lot of development . 
  someone told me that the mortality rate for the dentist in kuito is 13 % . 
  i think ( and hope ) it 's bollocks but this is what i was told . 
  truth is , most doctors need medicine and equipment . 
  medicine does get shipped to angola but apparently a part of it gets lost on the black market . 
  pharmacies are always guarded by guys with kalashnikovs . 
  you can also see guys selling pills on the street from a wheelbarrow . 
  fuck knows how that works . 
  infections are also a problem . 
  i was there during the dry season and that means dust everywhere . 
  even the smallest scratch gets infected instantly . 
  i always carried bandages and disinfection with me everywhere i went because it was desperately needed . 
  however , you need to be careful when treating someone 's wound , there is a danger of hiv and hepatitis . 
  food was pretty great . 
  not much selection but mainly fresh , decend food . 
  even in kuito , which is in central angola , you could get pretty fresh fish and squid at the town market . 
  there is a massive lack of spices and seasoning , which is a shock at the beginning but you get used to it quickly . 
  meat is scarce , though . 
  in most areas , they only kill a cow when it can no longer work so beef is tough when you get it and pork can be dangerous ( parasites ) . 
  but chicken is abundant , usually sold alive ( so home cooking can be gruesome ) and fruit and vegetables are very fresh and delicious . 
  we had an avocado tree in front of our office . 
  it was heaven to pluck a fresh one from the tree in the morning and spread it on a bun with some jindungo ( local chilli pepper ) for breakfast . 
  one last point , as this is getting long . 
  working there felt like it had a lot of meaning . 
  the students were openly grateful and the children hungry for knowledge . 
  you could see that the smallest bit of education made a great difference in their lives . 
  it really mattered to them . 
  we had very little materials , mostly teaching with just a board , no textbooks or multimedia . 
  but the work was very rewarding . 
  when i came back , i felt disgusted . 
  kids at school being demotivated ( although i teach adults now so that 's different but i was still a student back then ) , exams having some sort of meaning to people , the fucking complaints about there being nothing on television , the drama of catching a cold , etc. 
  dammit i really want to go back to angola now ... 
  i was teaching there . 
  my job was english and drama . 
  it was a developmental project focused on children in the street . 
  we were training young teachers and leisure pedagogues . 
  the idea was to give young people a job and educate the children ( if at least a bit ) and to fill their time doing something different . 
  there is a threat of social problems , such as drugs , violence , prostitution , etc. 
  so a big part of our job there was to discuss the risks and ways of prevention . 
  we were also building a leisure time centre for our people to have some base . 
  it mainly serves as a school today , as far as i have heard ( i was there in 2010 ) . 
  i really like your flair . 
  this . 
  national inferiority complex is an important component of the czech national identity . 
  a good deal of xenophobia in this country is rooted in the phrase `` they fucked us over . '', 
  ( i 'm not quite sure how this is connected but i have a strong feeling it is in some way ), 
  can we please stop this ? 
  this is starting to sound like the old playground `` my dad can beat up your dad '' type of discussion . 
  one more sparkle on the ocean , one fewer eel in the world 's hovercraft . 
  may his nipples explode with eternal delight . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that . 
  i understand that governments need to save their face ; everybody does . 
  but to knowingly take measures which might result in the starvation of your people as an act of retaliation is awful . 
  there is something very pointless about all this conflict . 
  i 'm sad about this . 
  from where you 're looking , can you see a danger for russian people to have their food variety reduced ? 
  does russia import a lot ? 
  is there enough domestic food ? 
  are you quoting alex dugin , by any chance ? 
  that 's helpful , thanks . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  we have something similar in this country too although on a much smaller scale . 
  there is a group of right-wingers who lead a campaign against supporters of multiculturalism . 
  they label them anti-patriots , xenophiles and enemies . 
  some email accounts were hacked . 
  sorry if i ask too much but do you have such problems in ireland too ? 
  ( edit : wording . 
  that was interesting , thank you . 
  i do n't feel like i understood it properly so i wo n't dare to make a statement about it ( i do n't read russian so i had to make do with a machine translation ) , however , i did pick up on a need for change through struggle and ( to quote google translator ) disagreement . 
  i 'll leave aside whether or not it is really happening . 
  what caught my eye was how the author spoke of enemies . 
  i do n't know what it means but it has to come from somewhere . 
  he seems to be standing in front of a problem and wants to solve it through struggle .
