thanks , you raised some interesting points . 
  and yes , there are instances where racism penetrates into schools . 
  the example being the exclusively roma schools . 
  i have never visited one so i ca n't speak from experience but i have a friend who works at one . 
  from what she told me , her school is in an area with strong roma population so , naturally , the roma children go there . 
  the reason there are so few white kids there is that their parents put them elsewhere if they can . 
  that is certainly racist . 
  but it is rather more racist of the society than the school . 
  concerning strictly roma classes , i have also never seen one . 
  if there are several classes per one year , the children are divided either alphabetically or according to their performance or specialisation . 
  there i can easily imagine a headmaster moving a roma pupil into a class with more roma children . 
  i 'm only speculating here , i 've never even heard of this happening , but then , i can understand why people would keep this kind of thing quiet . 
  i do n't know but it 's possible . 
  also , thanks for mentioning inclusive education . 
  it is seeing a big boom in this country . 
  it has no funding but it has a boom . 
  a good number of university graduates are special needs classroom assistants . 
  the schools ca n't afford them but the education minister ( or perhaps his opposition rival , i do n't remember ) has said that they want each special needs pupil to have an assistant . 
  i hope this happens since it 's good to have a variety of children in a classroom and the assistants would actually make it possible classroom-management-wise . 
  this would mean that each kid in the classroom would get more attention which includes the roma ones as well . 
  i see this as a positive . 
  i know it may seem unfair , you called it favouring people with disabilities , but it really has a great educational potential for all pupils . 
  as far as tolerance goes , for instance , they can benefit so much by just having a disabled kid around on a daily basis . 
  same goes for having a talented roma child for a classmate . 
  segregating education means segregating the future society ; in my world at least . 
  also , i 'd like to make a small note about teachers making decisions about their pupils . 
  maybe some of them do negatively discriminate against their pupils , there are all kinds of people . 
  those i know , however , are likely to give a silent bonus to a roma kid because they are afraid of their parents . 
  racism does n't usually enter into this . 
  it is again a cultural thing . 
  roma parents are very sensitive and assertive . 
  however , it would take a serious thing for them to call a teacher racist . 
  the word almost seems like a taboo for both parties . 
  as a teacher , maybe i might offer my insight . 
  the roma children are indeed frequently placed in schools for kids with special educational needs . 
  the school performance of those children is n't up to the standard required by regular schools . 
  the problems are rarely strictly of insufficient intellect . 
  it is a more complex issue , most commonly due to behavioural problems which affect their results . 
  this , again , is rooted ( or so scholars believe ) in the poor social background they come from , cultural clash and often dysfunctional families . 
  i also read an interesting study that dealt with the roma children 's concept of themselves as students . 
  the paper quoted roma children who said that they are n't interested in school because they are roma and roma are n't high academic achievers . 
  in connection with this , there were talks of lowering the bar of entrance exams to universities for roma applicants to give the population some role-models but i do n't know if it was implemented . 
  however , there is fervent effort to increase the school motivation of roma kids . 
  the way it usually happens is that trainee teachers go to roma families and tutor the children for free as part of their teacher training . 
  this actually has good results ( i am told by people who organise it ) but it happens on a very small scale . 
  they have trouble getting people to take part in this because of the cultural barrier and insufficient funds ( the students do it for free ) . 
  i 'm curious what will come of this . 
  in my view , calling this systemic discrimination is a little hasty and superficial ( sorry ) . 
  the discrimination of roma is only partly a matter of legislation . 
  it is more of a disease of the society and it will take years , perhaps decades to see some improvement . 
  knowing our government , they will probably bend under eu pressure and introduce quotas . 
  this will make life harder for everyone but at least it 's something you can put on paper and call it action . 
  perhaps the eu might offer suggestions , i 'm sure this is not the only instance of discrimination in europe . 
  how was it tackled elsewhere ? 
  true . 
  there is no end to the czech imperialist greed . 
  ^ nice ^ username, 
  i was sad when zeman got elected . 
  i have never seen young people get so interested in politics as much as in their opposition to zeman 's candidacy during the elections . 
  how he ever got elected , i have no idea . 
  will someone , please , teach us how to do democracy ? 
  oh , that 's awesome . 
  what has your experience been , if i may ask ? 
  yeah , it was n't all fun and games . 
  people in angola are used to a different standard of daily pain than europeans . 
  that 's the problem with teaching in the classroom - as long as you 're in the classroom , everyghing makes perfect sense - violence , alcohol , corruption ; the moment you enter the streets again , the old patterns kick in . 
  it was common for our students to come drunk to classes . 
  one of them we suspected to be an alcoholic . 
  that is why we emphasised work in the field . 
  it made things more real . 
  the work was amazing , though , our students learned really quickly . 
  they were able to communicate ( a bit ) in english after just three months . 
  also one of my students from a drama class wrote a poem about agostinho neto and got some children in the street and dramatised it . 
  they performed it at a celebration of neto 's birthday in front of an audience . 
  the place can be dangerous ( especially the capital ) but it 's really fine if you are careful . 
  the main danger for me were dogs . 
  i was in kuito which was under siege for many months during the war . 
  the locals told me that bodies lay piled in the streets , there was no time or strength to bury them . 
  that means that dogs feasted like kings and multiplied . 
  there are many dogs in the town till today and they fight each other over territory ( mainly piles of rubbish ) . 
  so they are nervous and sometimes , when you go somewhere where you should n't , they attack . 
  i got attacked three times but never got bitten , though , the dogs are as scared as the people . 
  the people are amazing . 
  very friendly ( sometimes too much ) . 
  i encountered little racism as we know it ( that is where i heard the word `` tuga '' in what i understood to be a negative context ) . 
  there were few nationalist and xenophobic people in kuito . 
  there was another type of racism which i experienced . 
  i often got treated as somebody better because i had white skin . 
  it was extremely uncomfortable . 
  in the market , salesmen sould sometimes chase away their customers serve us first . 
  one time , i was walking through the town and an older lady was shuffling opposite of me . 
  when she saw me , she stepped off the pavement , onto the road and bowed as i passed her . 
  i thought i was going to cry . 
  the people never gave me any trouble , apart from work-ethic related things . 
  it 's interesting that angolans have a good opinion of czechs . 
  during the cold war and the angolan civil war , the eastern block supported mpla ( communists , the ruling party today ) and czechoslovakia shipped tons of weapons into angola . 
  also many angolans came to czechoslovakia to study . 
  the countries had very good relations and angolans remember . 
  in fact , we met a couple of people who spoke czech having been educated here . 
  it 's usually russians who work in oil who get targeted by nationalist groups .
