no shit ? 
  npr . 
  yeah , i have never heard of the word kurac meaning anything related to chicken . 
  chicken is kokos or kokoska and rooster is pijetao on croatian . 
  unless it 's really an arhaic word i think they are mistaken . 
  lets hope so but i dont believe we 're that close . 
  especially with whats going on in zagreb and with the last elections . 
  90s , here we come . 
  i am . 
  i think it 's safe to say that we need at least another 20 years or so . 
  and that shows how far ahead of us you are . 
  good job slovenia !, 
  it 's not only with uber , it happened to every company that came to the city with the lower prices . 
  i do n't agree . 
  you can be a decent human being and not exploit people in need . 
  it 's one thing to go there hoping to earn some money but the other thing is going there and jacking up your prices several times so you can rip off people in need . 
  that makes you a shitty person . 
  you 're in luck my friend . 
  do you want to know how taxi drivers in croatia help people in need ? 
  when the syrian refugee crisis started a bunch of them got stranded in croatia because there were troubles on borders and the weather was really shitty . 
  they were taken by buses and trains i believe right next to the slovenian border but they had to walk few kms themselves and our glorious taxi drivers decided that it was the best time to earn some extra cash right there , off those poor people . 
  they were asking for outrageous amounts of cash for those few kms . 
  luckily there were a bunch of nice local people who decided that being an asshole to people in need wo n't be tolerated and they drove over there to transport the refugees with their own personal cars for free . 
  the sad thing is 25 years ago half of croatia were in refuge as well but it seems people forget so easily , especially if they are dicks . 
  it 's exactly the same in most countries where taxis were the only provider for a long time . 
  we had only one company per city in croatia , when the other companies entered the market there were threats and physical violence all over the country . 
  taxi drivers are usually assholes , i fucking hate them and i try not to call them ever . 
  on the side note , if you 're visiting croatia ( especially zagreb since i do n't know that much about taxis in other cities ) do n't take the taxi from zagreb airport to the city . 
  they can be up to 3 times more expensive than the regular taxi you can call . 
  i know what it means , it 's just not something that 's used in this case since there are better options . 
  are you serious ? 
  what other cities have you visited ? 
  sure , it 's pretty during the christmas time but the city itself is nothing special . 
  it has some beautiful buildings but they are not so different from the same type of buildings in other european cities like vienna , for example . 
  infact most european capitals have simmilar arhitecture . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't want to bash zagreb since it 's my second city , i 've been living here for 11 years now but calling zagreb one of the most beautiful cities is kinda far fetched . 
  it has many beautiful things but also a bunch of stuff that can be repaired and upgraded and you can see that if you move away from the city centre . 
  the good thing is they are working on making it more beautiful . 
  yeah , i 've been told that on numerous occasions . 
  you 're damn right !, 
  also , it 's `` film '' or `` shoot '' , not `` record '' . 
  careful what you wish for . 
  it 's not so fun getting up at 6 am to shovel your car out so you can go to work . 
  is this a fucking joke ? 
  are we becoming texas ? 
  i knew us croatians would be on top . 
  we got ta get those evil serbs once and for all . 
  wait , so usually you 're not happy with it ? 
  is there a better place to live in ? 
  i understand it now , i did n't know that much about norway . 
  as i said , tesla and money . 
  and jo nesbo . 
  and ole gunnar solskjaer . 
  thanks for explaining . 
  and yeah , the other joke makes more sense . 
  i mean if norwegians are looking for low prices in the supermarket us croatians would have to dig a fucking mine . 
  scots being cheap is the big joke in these parts . 
  we have a lot of them in croatia as well . 
  wait . 
  so the country with the richest population in the world ( ok , one of ) is crawling on the floor looking for low prices ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  or is it because they are stupid ? 
  we have the same joke with blondes but when i think of a norwegian first that comes to mind is tesla and money . 
  norway is in another league , this dude mentioned that you 're buying alcohol in germany so i thought that denmark is similar . 
  i think i actually heard that there is a ferry party ship that brings swedes across the border to denmark to buy and drink alcohol because it 's cheaper in denmark . 
  but also you 'll have to understand that , being croatian , everything sounds expensive up there in the scandinavian countries . 
  iphones-still cheaper than alcohol in denmark . 
  lol , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ipcz42n.jpg ) was what i was listening to this morning on my way to work . 
  i took a picture to send to my friend who thinks doris dragovic is still hot . 
  shots fired, 
  i prefer that other kind , guys who put their jackets over the handcuffs . 
  what are you exactly hiding ? 
  it 's not like people will think `` oh , look , he 's not being arrested , they 're just escorting him to his car '' . 
  he 's american german . 
  i usually do n't read books like that but this one sounded interesting . 
  i gave it a try and have read it all the way until wwii because it became even more boring after that . 
  i like the books where stuff is happening . 
  well , the book said that the uk was worried since germany overtook them in everything and the oil was involved as well , of course . 
  i do n't remember all of it because i read it a long time ago , sorry . 
  well , there 's a book called [ a century of war ] ( http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqrkjvo-okz7rgbih6fwzumcl594ywostoltsjkgewtcgvm7tav ) that brings few good points . 
  it 's written by a german guy so it 's probably not that objective but still . 
  it says that uk is the one who wanted that war and they were lobbying all around for it . 
  the point is that there are always 2 sides of the story and i do n't think the germans were the bad guys , at least not in this war . 
  wwii on the other hand ... 
  m8 , read the wiki article . 
  there are a lot of definitions for eastern europe and only eurovac classifies croatia as a part of eastern europe . 
  it 's debatable at best . 
  the whole thing started when someone said this :  i 've heard from slavs from the balkans & central europe that the `` squatting slav '' meme is n't really a thing there . 
  he mentioned slavs from central europe and you mentioned hungarians in your reply few comments down . 
  do n't be all defensive , i was just stating that hungarians are n't slavs , it was obviously a misunderstanding . 
  hungarians arent exactly slavs . 
  it 's mostly a meme . 
  i 'm not sure about eastern europeans but these are not that common in croatia and nobody is squatting in them here . 
  yes , some people wear tracksuits but they do n't have to be adidas , all brands are equally represented . 
  i wear them sometimes like when i go for a walk with my dog or around the house but the cotton ones , i do n't like this polyester material or whatever that is . 
  li galli ? 
  i 'm not the best italian speaker in the world but i think it should be `` gli galli '' if it 's il gallo for singular . 
  just imagine what would the mongolians say . 
  at least your country is relevant now , part of eu ( third largest eu economy or whatever ) , part of g10 ... and what do mongolians have ? 
  the boat is useless if it has a huge hole on the bottom , not without a motor .
