til the uk and its dependents is the only nation in the eu responsible for facilitating tax evasion, 
  not entirely unreasonable, 
  still waiting mate, 
  still waiting mate, 
  still waiting mate, 
   this thread is utterly suffocating in indignant english people link me one comment that is `` indignant '' or of `` low moral standing '' in this thread from an englishman . 
  go on . 
  edit : [ at the time you made your comment ], 
  i really like ruth davidson . 
  every time i 've watched her on tv she seems competent . 
   once if, 
   not really , no . 
  oh well , that 's me convinced / s, 
  in a situation where control of the med is vital i 'd imagine we 'd be involved in , well , a world war . 
  in which case we 'd have the big kids on the playground to back us up . 
  i read / r/europe every day and would like to consider myself informed on global politics and i 've never heard of this guy . 
  also that dude is from northern ireland . 
  you are forgiven however , the flag flair is similar . 
  i 've got no problem with it , but it 'll look odd when the gov would practically go `` okay , no more white european immigrants , here are some more brown ones ! '', 
  when all the closet racists would much prefer the european white immigrants they 've been so desperately trying to push out . 
  hong kong was a 99 year lease . 
  position of weakness ? 
  when we have the potential to eradicate all of your major cities we ai n't negotiating from a position of weakness . 
   but which ones you noted were major enough to be an actual burden for doing business or interacting in everyday life ? 
  none , from what i can recall . 
  by `` big cultural difference '' i mean the way people generally conduct their lives and themselves . 
  it 's probably because i 'm from a big ( ish ) city in the uk , but i find that - it sounds stereotypical but in my experience it 's true - life in italy is way more `` slow down , take it easy '' and the people are generally just more chill and `` real '' on average . 
  whereas back home it just feels like a proper swarm and people keep up a facade . 
  it 's just the impression you get - `` wow , this is a lot different '' . 
  i 've been to norway and it certainly felt more like the uk than italy did . 
  wtf ? 
  i 'm british and i 've been to italy many a time . 
  there definitely is a big culture difference , even excluding the language . 
  not * as * bad imo . 
  when i go on / r/unitedkingdom the constant negativity makes me want to drink bleach . 
  / r/europe is tolerable . 
  can you not make these comments please ? 
  they automatically inflame the comments section . 
  it 's literally just bait to get people annoyed . 
  i agree with you , but perhaps it 's not the most constructive thing to say , y' know ? 
   then why those brexiters think their country are on par with the eu , 27 country or the usa nobody thinks this . 
  i like how you 're on -4 for telling the truth lol, 
  i swear there 's an independence sub for every section of the uk now . 
  / r/independentlondon , / r/celticunion ... 
  they are provided by the us but we have full control of them . 
  if spain invaded gibraltar , which would never happen , i 'd be okay if we used nukes to erase them from the face of the earth . 
  i like how / r/europe users talk a big game but as soon as you mention nukes they get all twitchy hahahah, 
  we have nuclear warheads . 
  yes , we `` can do shit '' . 
   am i the only considering the use of english fading in the next 10 or 20 years ? 
  why would it ? 
  what language are the people of the world going to use as the `` lingua franca '' instead ? 
  french ? 
  spanish ? 
  ca n't see any of those happening . 
  the booming african economies could lead to an increase in french , the same with the spanish speaking economies of s.america and mexico , but either way i ca n't see either of them challenging english at all . 
  wtf lol, 
  boi he boutta do it, 
  wow , you found a way to make this about brexit and britain . 
  / u/new-atlantis , did a brit fuck your wife or some shit ? 
  you 've got a serious hate boner against them . 
  also - `` i 'm 15 , brexit stole my future '' * cringe * this is why no one takes these protests seriously with silly signs like that . 
  and then the other sign alongside it has about a billion words on it , who the fuck 's gon na read that ? 
  who the fuck is organising these protests ? 
  yeah i 'd have to think so . 
  1 full-bodied cup of coffee can last me a while . 
  the people who are downing about 8 cups a day must be drinking pisswater . 
  i do n't know what that is , but a quick google suggests it 's a form of green tea , in which case it is probably vile, 
  for old folk maybe . 
  i 'd assume coffee is more popular among the youth . 
  tea just tastes like hot water some sort of nondescript aftertaste . 
  and no , i 'm not `` preparing '' it wrong , i 've had tea from many different places and people in my life and it just tastes like hot water with something in the background which is n't pleasing nor displeasing , it 's just there . 
  using 2 teabags to strengthen the taste just leads to a bitterness which is n't particularly pleasant . 
  coffee bitterness is pleasing , the tea bitterness is n't . 
  dae le tea supremacy xdddd properly annoying this `` hand in ur citizenship if u dont like tea xd '' meme . 
  it 's worse than the italians in / r/europe when they get faux-irritated when someone prepares italian food incorrectly or some shit . 
  who the hell drinks 8 large cups of coffee a day ? 
  that 'd just make me sick . 
  that 's definitely not `` common '' , as you describe it . 
  no , * sigh * . 
  i said ww2 was less than 100 years ago . 
  it was a fucking huge event and ended in a fucking huge negotiation . 
  i also said it 's in the living memories of many people . 
  fine , if you want me to be more specific ... `` think of what the next ~ 75 years will bring !, 
   do you think there will be a more important negociation in your lifetime i dunno , i hope to live a long time . 
  ww2 was less than 100 years ago . 
  it 's in the living memory of many people . 
  think of what the next 100 years will bring . 
  yep . 
  for example , singapore . 
  wealthy as fuck but has a semi-authoritarian regime which has been in power since 1959 , but people are happy with their lives so they do n't care to change it . 
  of course . 
  but `` ever have '' severely , * severely * overestimates the importance of these negotiations , particularly when several people have proposed simply pulling out and trading on wto rules as a viable alternative . 
  the eu has been stepping on some toes too . 
  the uk can give some back . 
  also ,  most important negociations your country will ever have ? 
  lol this fucking arrogance, 
  i can see what they 're going for . 
  do n't help prevent illegal immigration  immigration problem continues on the continent  stokes euroskepticism on the continent  weakens eu 's negotiating position . 
  also prepared for some nasty comments here .
