  people here spend so much time circlejerking about how the british gov is incompetent then when they do show some degree of competence everyone here flips their shit . 
  as far as i 'm aware this sub is called / r/europe not / r/europeanunion, 
  we had them in newcastle but they got rid . 
  you can still see the tracks down on the quayside i think, 
   the brits have to deal with . 
  nah , he 's currently attached to trump 's ship like a lecherous barnacle . 
  ** strong and stable **, 
  yes but it 's not like the irish freedom fighters are free of guilt , is it ? 
  killing innocent civilians in the name of your cause is disgusting no matter what you 're fighting for . 
  irish independence was a clusterfuck from both sides . 
  yep . 
  / r/europe posters are , for the most part , single issue voters . 
  further eu integration and cooperation takes precedence over * everything * else for them . 
  macron seemed like the only big name who would not want to fuck with the eu and hence they threw their lot in with him . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't know mate . 
  it 's too late now , macron has clearly won it . 
  politicians who will simply maintain the status quo , in france at least , will only delay the inevitable . 
  perhaps the french people should have voted in an alternative to le pen who is not macron . 
  one thing the macron-lepen showdown has shown me is that people who lampoon the `` rich banker who only got into politics because of money '' type ( most of whom are n't even bankers ) are willing to sacrifice their values on the altar of `` oh well , we 're keeping that disgusting fascist out are n't we lads '' when simply voting for the status quo ( macron ) will only lead to people like le pen coming back with a vengeance in the future . 
  i honestly wish you people had a viable alternative to le pen to vote for rather than voting for macron , who is only a stopgap solution . 
  [ uk negotiating stance ] ( https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/304/cpsprodpb/62b0/production/_85946252_may5.jpg ), 
  but neither the eu or the uk would demand free movement in a free trade agreement . 
  if the uk were applying for eea membership then they 'd demand free movement . 
  otherwise , no . 
  that 's ... that 's not how this works . 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  european economic area * access * means free movement . 
  free trade does not equal free movement . 
  literally every nation in the world probably is involved in a free trade scheme with another nation which does n't involve free movement . 
  no , not really . 
  `` eu market access '' is a weasel phase that does n't clarify or actually really mean anything . 
  all it means is the uk will still trade with the eu after brexit . 
  edit : why the fuck does that guy 's comment have 7 upvotes ? 
  it 's literally 100 % wrong . 
  citizens of / r/europe , please do n't upvote shit even if it 's wrong just cause it fits ur agenda . 
  thanks, 
  your reply has nothing to do with what he commented , you just flew off on a handle about muh `` irak '' and `` reeeeeee uk get out '' . 
  not poor bants , i know from experience irl if you tell an irishman they have a chip on their shoulder they fly off the handle . 
  the potato famine ? 
  sins of the father and all that . 
  no one from that era is alive . 
  you 're holding a grudge against nothing . 
  yes , but perhaps the info would be more valuable if it was n't painfully obvious irish people have a massive chip on their shoulder, 
   ireland flair so typical lmao, 
  in my opinion it came off as quite neutral . 
  it 's hard to communicate tone through text . 
  apologies if it was too harsh . 
  you bite to his comments every time ... 
   you 're seriously a sad person . 
  what 's all this for ? 
  every comment i make on / r/europe these days is greeted with open vitriol , it 's crazy . 
  did n't say that makes him a good politician . 
  was just pointing out the only thing that makes him different from all the other bankerbots is he 's nailing his teacher, 
  quite bizarre that people on / r/europe want everyone to vote for the same old do-nothing bankerbots and then claim change is around the corner . 
  the only thing remotely interesting about him is he 's banging his teacher . 
  i love our banter, 
  i would be shockingly surprised if you asked someone on the street in the uk `` do you know anything about macron ? '', 
  they 'd be able to give an answer . 
  all they probably know is `` he 's not le pen '' , doubt they know anything about his past , his policies etc, 
  yay , it 's not like / r/europe has enough of articles like these . 
   you can always ignore me if you 're afraid to be cauliflowered again . 
  you ------  ( fishbowl ) it sounds like you 're insulting me but i do n't actually understand you , sorry mate . 
  stop following me around will you ? 
  creepy as fuck, 
  i do n't wan na sound like one of those `` fuck the experts '' sort of people , but i have heard them say that shit so many times it 's hard to believe them . 
  yep . 
  this q1 growth is literally the same/better than the last two years . 
  inb4 all the militant eurofederalists invade the thread going `` brexit lolololol '', 
  and it goes both ways too . 
  internet-aussies and internet-canadians like to talk shit about the uk ( eww no , no free movement with brits pls ) but polls show that aussies are generally in favour of free movement with the uk . 
   then they are taking things far too personally , which is unprofessional . 
  perhaps , but in politics every move is calculated and all consequences are considered ( well , by a competent politician anyway , * cough * david cameron * cough * ) . 
  you are correct that if the uk speaks up on this then the eu will just go `` why are you taking it personally ? '', 
  but i guarantee you the eu will have planned this to some degree . 
   you are taking things far too personally no , i 'm not . 
  i 'm simply highlighting what this move looks like to uk politicians . 
  you can sorta understand the feelings of the workers who lose their jobs to processes like this though . 
  they lose their jobs and just get told by politicians `` sack up bud , it 's just business '' and it comes off as incredibly impersonal and uncaring . 
   european leaders are preparing to recognise the potential for a united ireland '' within the eu , confirming that northern ireland would seamlessly rejoin the bloc after brexit in the event of a vote for irish reunification . 
  in a step that may stoke concerns in britain that brexit could hasten the fragmentation of the uk , diplomats are planning to ask leaders of the eu 's 27 post-brexit member countries to endorse the idea i do n't understand the eu 's thinking by doing such a move . 
  such a move just comes off as inflammatory and aggressive to those in the brexit camp . 
  surely the eu realises this ? 
  are they just trolling to get a rise out of farage , may and co ? 
  people completely flipped their shit when spain and the eu so much as * looked * at gibraltar a few weeks ago . 
  edit : this is n't my personal view btw , i 'm just hypothesizing what this looks like to uk politicians, 
  breaking : company moves jobs from a more expensive country to a cheaper country to produce in . 
  this is the case all over the world , in the us , in the uk , in france . 
  jobs will move to places where goods are cheaper to produce . 
  it 's not hard . 
  when poland gets up to speed then they 'll probably move to somewhere cheaper and so on . 
  yep . 
  it seems like the euro area is just getting back up to speed post-2008 . 
  we can celebrate this all we like but we must also look at why the recovery is so slow . 
  yeah ... to irish people the uk/ireland situation is a bit like germany vs the rest of the world . 
  frenchmen can make jokes about nazis , but if a german makes a joke about occupying france then * everyone * flips their shit . 
  just like irish people can joke about the uk in the irish situation but the uk ca n't joke about ireland . 
  fair enough, 
   my people did n't fuckin provoke ww1 because they wanted to prevent a certain other power from becoming a major power as far as i 'm aware ww1 was caused by the assassination of archduke franz ferdinand . 
  it has nothing to do with britain . 
   and without ww1 , no ww2 mate .
