  yes . 
  after period of getting used to them , it was fine . 
  exactly . 
  and then i corrected myself and used nation instead . 
  i correct myself further : we teach more foreign history than czech history . 
  czech history usually starts from s\u00e1mo 's tribal union . 
  * from what i can tell , if democrats and republicans were political parties , the former would be right wing and the later far right * that 's correct . 
  * but are there any exceptions are there issues where the republicans are preferred ? 
  * yes , among certain groups and to certain degree . 
  for example immigration and guns . 
  * i think republicans being more pro voter id might be one , but i am not completely sure . 
  * voter id is non-issue here . 
  you misunderstand . 
  those are included in `` our history '' . 
  australia , new zealand or canada . 
  i like it there . 
  we teach more history of other nations than ours , which includes history of czechoslovakia , austria-hungary , habsburg empire , kingdom of bohemia , duchy of bohemia and great moravia . 
  we teach more history of other countries than of our own . 
  do you teach only history of your own country ? 
  because we most certainly do n't . 
  outside of british isles they teach history as well . 
  a lot . 
  but it usually is n't just regular water , but mineralized or flavored one . 
  closer culturally = us becoming more catholic or you becoming less catholic ? 
  at least they are elected by representatives directly elected by people . 
  electoral college is just mess . 
  they run with support of party/parties - or not . 
  there are n't enough until there are . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  unlike others i know that downvote is n't dislike button . 
  i 've been downvoted too and i 've also stated only facts . 
  that 's why there are so many russians publicly opposing putin . 
  what point exactly are you trying to make ? 
  that russians are bad and have government they want ? 
  x stands for country . 
  i do n't say that putin is in power while no one in russia supports him . 
  there are always people supporting even the worst guys . 
  there were people supporting ceau\u0219escu in romania as well . 
  tens of millions euros . 
  but i went to high school with kids of people who got wealthy during transformation and now i make business with quite a few moneybags . 
  they acquired their wealth through various means - my dad 's former employed and father of my classmate got rich by dealing with metal pipes , plates , wires etc. 
  nothing illegal . 
  what exactly is it propagating ? 
  it makes sense . 
  who suffers by government of x more than citizens of x ? 
  of course . 
  potatoes are awesome . 
  trump is already cartoon . 
  they 'll return home and rebuild . 
  that 's how it should be . 
  eat , drink , breathe , sleep ... 
  four . 
  when i was living there , i had same problem , which is non-existent in my town . 
  yes . 
  obsessed ? 
  ask any of the millions of solo females travelling in bucharest ... 
  we drink tap water . 
  all of you americans most certainly do n't . 
  flint in michigan for example ... 
  \u00dast\u00ed nad labem , most and lovosice make it really hard for teplice and litom\u011b\u0159ice , which are actually nice . 
  huh ? 
  they make good kebab . 
  1 ) they are not opposed to guns . 
  they are opposed to easy access to them , especially by people who should n't own them . 
  and guns are n't banned in any european country . 
  2 ) bowhunting is legal in some european countries . 
  3 ) you feed animals if you want them to survive . 
  if there are too many of them , you reduce their population . 
  well , there really are sexy women everywhere in europe . 
  well , in every country at least . 
  i checked . 
  usa are liability when it comes to politics . 
  economically and culturally they are contributor . 
  even without it . 
  it 's actually illegal to use that thing in some places . 
  * if an american , a canadian , and an australian decided to visit your country would you be able to tell who 's from their respective anglophone nation ? 
  * yes . 
  as for americans and british , i would be able to tell from which region they are also . 
  those above are n't nearly all . 
  exactly . 
  it 's from czech dub version of south park movie . 
  czech has very rich vocabulary when it comes to curse words . 
  case . 
  fifth case . 
  vocative . 
  they are n't pain in the ass to gather yourself if you know where to go . 
  not really , because we have billberries which are superior . 
  same goes for lingonberries , which are superior to cranberries . 
  it does n't work on me . 
  czech puns and being called eastern european . 
  equal partner , not sidekick . 
  some of them were here since prehistory . 
  some of them left for few generations ( because of thirty years war ) and then returned after second world war . 
  significantly less likely to shoot someone . 
  killing unarmed person and get away with it is n't a thing . 
  hmmm , what happens in europe in october ? 
  some festival maybe ? 
  every 6 months . 
  in belarus ? 
  that 's just weird .
