  * i know that . 
  no reason to use conditional . 
  * genetics nowadays have n't developed past the quality of skull - measuring so some might find it fun for further speculations but thats it . 
  * that 's just nonsense . 
  * what we have are sources ; what they mean . . whooo ; pure speculation . 
  * it 's a lot of speculation , but not pure speculation . 
  is that what they teach you at school ? 
  dumb guy helping screwing usa to this day worshipped by party of religious fundamentalists , american supremacists and fan boys of ayn rand . 
  good example of celebrity not being good enough qualification for president , but apparently lesson was n't learned . 
  edit : downvote is n't dislike . 
  providing answer you do n't like is n't reason for downvoting . 
  it has mandatory subscription and limited advertising . 
  i know they uralic , turkic and indo-european are language groups . 
  but that 's irrelevant in this case . 
  genetics have a lot to do with history , since genetics are result of history . 
  and dna tests prove ancestry . 
  history is about past . 
  cultural antropology ( and other fields ) are about cultures . 
  what exactly do you think the debate was about ? 
  everybody in turkey and many people in surrounding areas . 
  but every idiot can make words with vowels . 
  cool guys do n't need them . 
  it 's around 3 percent . 
  haplogroup g is rare among hungarians . 
  there are more people with haplogroup g in italy than in hungary . 
  this does n't prove that hungarians originate from central asia . 
  even authors ( who are hungarian turanists ) say as much . 
  you want to slap historians teaching at charles university ? 
  after that you can hit every single historian who claims what i do . 
  that should take some time ... of course they are central asian traces in hungarian dna . 
  they mixed with turkic people before they migrated into pannonia and they also lived under turkish occupation . 
  hungarians also have quite a lot of traces of germanic ancestry . 
  that does n't mean they come from goths . 
  i studied history . 
  i know a lot of historians personally . 
  they talk with certainty about things , which are certain . 
  things like magyars being originally from north-eastern europe . 
  do n't call me bro . 
  and yes , with today 's dna analysis turkish people are mediterranean . 
  so what ? 
  they still clearly have central asian origin even with today 's dna analysis . 
  every modern turk is pretty much guaranteed to have at least some old turkish blood after centuries of interbreeding , but your way of thinking is correct . 
  1 ) how do you know how much authority i have ? 
  modern hungarians have huns among their ancestors , but magyars were n't descendants of huns , but uralic people while huns were from central asia . 
  it 's not surprising that some hungarian historians claim otherwise , because they want hungarians to be descendants of huns . 
  and you can prove a lot of things with today 's dna analysis . 
  he asked if they can figure out origins of huns by analyzing hungarian dna . 
  i answered that hungarians are n't huns , but uralic people . 
  he asked if they found that from dna analysis . 
  i answered that magyars having uralic origin was found out from dna analysis and hungarians still speak uralic language . 
  that dna analysis was n't necessary or what you two were discussing is irrelevant . 
  2 ) no , i did n't call huns uralic . 
  i answered to that question that huns are n't hungarians , which are uralic . 
  meaning hungarians , not huns , are uralic . 
  if you are talking about origins , then turks are n't mediterranean . 
  gerrit8500 specifically asked about genetics , so i answered . 
  current turks are genetically quite different from ancient ones . 
  just like magyars are quite different from hungarians and bulghars are quite different from bulgarians . 
  yes . 
  they found out from dna analysis that magyars have uralic origins . 
  and hungarians still speak uralic language , which is obviously related to other languages in uralic language family . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  just assume citizens of india . 
  hungarians are n't huns and it 's pretty clear they are uralic . 
  area around capital . 
  around 30 . 
  yes . 
  speaking correctly outside of certain situations can be seen as snobish . 
  kofola does n't need advertisement . 
  it 's big and diverse state ( austin and amarillo are very different from each other for example ) with crazy representatives . 
  it 's colloquial diminutive of `` t\u011blo '' , which means body . 
  both male and female version . 
  na : canada sa : brazil eu : the czech republic af : south africa as : india oc : australia, 
  marobud , king of marcomanni . 
  * because they have murdered a member ( s ) of society ? 
  * they also were in prison for years . 
  * for moral reasons it 's absolutely wrong to accept that kind of person back into society * what moral reasons exactly ? 
  * there is a difference between doing material damage , for example , and killing someone . 
  * there is also difference between length of imprisonment for material damage and killing someone . 
  why ? 
  nah , slovakia was temporary affair . 
  lusatia and silesia were part of the kingdom for centuries . 
  * can former criminals lead a good life after prison ? 
  * sure . 
  * do you believe criminals can be rehabilitated ? 
  i know they can . 
  * do you want them to have an easy time after they are released ? 
  * not easy . 
  normal . 
  punishment for crime is prison , not being treated like shit for the rest of life . 
  dissolution of czechoslovakia was n't long and laborious process . 
  why ? 
  czechs rank higher \u2192 it makes sense , because french are closer what ? 
  silesia and lusatia . 
  no , they are n't . 
  czechs rank higher than french ? 
  huh ... 
  154 per square kilometer , which is slightly above national average . 
  but that 's also distorted . 
  strongest party not being in charge is n't that weird .
