according to that study 80 % of czechs are comfortable with their kids dating christians , but only 65 % are comfortable with them dating atheists . 
  i am very suprised by only 65 % being comfortable with their kids dating atheists as opposed to 80 % being comfortable with their kids dating christians ... 
  and 65 % atheist . 
  which is funny , since more than 65 % of population are atheists ... 
  atheist is also there . 
  it scores lower in strongly catholic countries ... 
  * they want their kid to find a regular czech partner and have a regular life in the czech republic * is regular partner christian ? 
  according to the study czech are more uncomfortable with atheist coworkers than poles are and more uncomfortable with their kids dating atheists than hungarians are . 
  seriously . 
  80 % of czech is supposed to be fine with their kids dating christians , but only 65 % would be fine with them dating atheists ... 
  according to that study , czechs are also uncomfortable with their kids dating atheists . 
  more so than hungarians . 
  something is n't right ... 
  it was n't pretty period , but everyone was n't miserable all the time . 
  how old are you ? 
  wrong . 
  athenians and spartans have much more in common that modern greek and medieval greek . 
  reformation did n't make christians less bad . 
  in fact it leaded to bloody wars among them . 
  christians are less extremist because secularists forced them to be that way . 
  it means `` dumbass dormouse full of spots proudly `` swallowed '' quarter of fistfull of orchard grass grains , it belched , fled through peak smrk full of mist and forcefully entered keep made of hollow willows from brdy . 
  [ there are quite a few words without vowels in czech . 
  it 's not whole religion . 
  come one , there are more than billion of them . 
  fine , turkey , let 's talk eu membership - right after talk about armenian genocide . 
  screw christianity . 
  it 's their treatment of kurds and denying armenian genocide why they should n't join . 
  sure , we were n't saints . 
  but more importantly we were n't fascists . 
  it actually is n't . 
  it 's complicated . 
  ukrainian immigrants are fine here . 
  russians are liked significantly less for understandable reasons . 
  well , you do . 
  you just use more letters to do so . 
  * yeah , he was fundamental christian . 
  * yeah , that 's anachronism . 
  many of them say they are . 
  how they support white europe , even thought more than half of it is inhabited by inferior slavs ... 
  that sounds boring . 
  our history lessons were fun . 
  slovakia - many things , it 's my second homeland , but let 's say korb\u00e1\u010diky austria - tafelspitz germany - bratwurst poland - toru\u0144 gingerbread, 
  i do n't feel much about anything , so i ca n't help you with that , but my thoughts might be sufficient . 
  i think the term `` white nationalism '' is nonsensical , call them what they are - white supremacists . 
  i think that group of revolting states which betrayed their country because they allegedly wanted to protect their rights ( i would like to know what rights exactly except right to own slaves ) and people who fought for them should n't be celebrated . 
  seriously . 
  americans tend to be patriotic , yet there are quite a lot of them who celebrate someone who fought against united states . 
  huh ? 
  no , it does n't surprise me , that it happened in usa . 
  yes , racial tension exists in my country , we have our own nazis , but there are notable differences from usa . 
  some of them caused by fact that we were considered inferior and destined for enslavement or extermination ourselves . 
  nazis were n't actually pro-white . 
  they were pro-certain-kind-of-white . 
  do these assholes tell you that ? 
  yes , it is . 
  ethnic and religious composition is n't everything . 
  our history . 
  * in school , we do n't learn about the individual countries other than our own * you do n't ? 
  what the hell are you doing in geography and history classes ? 
  period . 
  that 's true , yet still more different from each than new york and massachusetts . 
  i know it is . 
  i 've spent over a year on travelling through each one . 
  accurate . 
  i fired firearms and i will do so in future unless i die in near future . 
  i do n't believe i 'll get pension . 
  i think it can be much better in future . 
  he is most ( in ) famous for his [ proposal ] ( http://i.lidovky.cz/10/012/lngal/mev30751d_119004_original1_ob6i9.jpg ) for new building of national library . 
  there are a lot of people speaking german here . 
  it 's taught at school . 
  and plundering . 
  a lot of plundering . 
  iron . 
  my sweat smells like that for some reason . 
  our founder and one of the greatest rulers , boleslaus i the cruel is most famous for killing his brother , saint wenceslas , our patron . 
  his mom let two norsemen killed his grandmother ( saint ludmila ) . 
  his grandsons fought each other and it 's funny tale of blinding , castration and being stabbed in the ass by spear while shitting . 
  california , oregon and washington . 
  from desert to temperate rainforest . 
  tends to be more liberal in general , but there are pockets of republicans ( for example borer region between california and oregon with some talks about creating own state ) . 
  a lot of technological companies and musicians come from there . 
  certain - austria , czech republic , germany , hungary , liechtenstein , poland , slovakia , switzerland possible - croatia , slovenia, 
  boycotting companies because some people living in the same country are scum seems dickish . 
  not enjoying them seems just weird . 
  i do n't know if it was on website , but ambassador said something like that on tv . 
  why did you do bombing in boston ? 
  what have we ever done to you ? 
  we stick to the old values to pretty big extent because most of population is over 40 . 
  yes . 
  it 's cheap . 
  it has most territory in europe of all non-european post-soviet countries ... 
  none . 
  prettiness is subjective . 
  since some of them are in asia , they obviously are n't . 
  * all post-soviet countries are european * tajikistan ? 
  kazakhstan - it is post-soviet country , which is n't european , but has most territory in europe ... 
  american perspective is hilarious . 
  i wonder if there is anyone who they think they would n't defeat . 
  sorry , i misread it . 
  * it was guerrilla forces that are the problem * and you think that there would n't be any guerilla forces in europe ?
