  if nobody wants to go into coalition with them , it 's logical solution . 
  there used to be coalition of three parties , which had half the seats in lower chamber of parliament ( you need at least half + 1 to approve cabinet and pass laws ) , but 2 members of opposition party decided to support it after a while . 
  if nobody can assemble cabinet which gets approval after several tries , there would be new election . 
  no single party is even close to 50 % . 
  you do n't know how eu works , do you ? 
  there would have to much more autonomy than american states have to convince european countries to go for it . 
  difference is that there are nations , which in some shape or form exist over millenium and there great cultural differences as result . 
  generations work differently here because of regime changes . 
  older people bitch , how young have it easy and how lazy they are , young people bitch , how older are stuck in past and do n't go with times . 
  fuck that . 
  i have shelter with supplies . 
  my country is in eu , but does n't use euro as currency . 
  and it is n't only one . 
  so that 's one . 
  negotiators representing entire eu does n't mean that member states do n't have their own foreign policy . 
  so that 's two . 
  i do n't see why they should . 
  brexit and trump affect me negligibly . 
  we are missing all three . 
  i studied history . 
  knowing latin was necessary . 
  it shares currency , military and foreign policy . 
  i would start with confederation . 
  going straight to federation does n't seem feasable . 
  it 's a long time since i had haggis . 
  i know plenty of people born in 90s . 
  they can read slovak just fine . 
  thank you . 
  i am honored . 
  yes . 
  exluding slovak , which i do n't consider foreign language , i read books in english since high school . 
  i can also read russian , german and latin , but i 've never read entire book in those languages , only parts . 
  i do n't feel much , so i do n't know how to describe the experience . 
  * slovakia was doing fairly well as a vasal state of the carolingian empire * hardly , since slovakia did n't exist back then . 
  = go into asshole !, 
  = lick your asshole !, 
  ( verb is in perfective , which means you are suposed to lick it untill it completely `` clean '' ) chc\u00edpni !, 
  ( verb is normally used for death of animals ) j\u00e1 t\u011b zabiju !, 
  = i 'll kill you !, 
  and many others . 
  czech is very rich in these sorts of things . 
  some of us . 
  dissolution was inconvenience for many . 
  for example my family , which is mixed . 
  now it does n't matter . 
  not serious one . 
  it 's much weaker that desire to join with slovakia . 
  ano - centrist populists lead by rich slovak with iron fist . 
  they are expected to win next election . 
  \u010cssd - social democrats . 
  they used to be one of two strongest parties since revolution , but now they face crisis of identity and massive decrease in popularity . 
  ks\u010cm - communists . 
  there are still many people suffering from nostalgia . 
  ods - liberal conservatives euro-sceptics . 
  formerly the strongest right-wing party and main rival of \u010cssd . 
  now they are very close to being totally irrelevant . 
  top 09 - liberal conservatives euro-supporters . 
  currently the strongest right-wing party . 
  kdu-\u010csl - christian democrats characterised by being able to make coalition with pretty much everyone and being constantly on verge between getting to parliament or not . 
  i 've recently seen it on youtube . 
  american with hungarian ancestry mispronounced pretty much everything ( especially gy\u0151r ) . 
  actual hungarians were n't happy . 
  oh no , my people are godless heathens !, 
  when in fact being scottish means hating braveheart . 
  europeans are massive mix up as well . 
  that 's why tying ethnicity to genetics is ridiculous . 
  treating nationality as genetic thing is just wrong . 
  we are all mixed . 
  even icelanders , who are the most homogenous , are norse/gaelic mix . 
  number of ancestors doubles with each generation . 
  if american has french ancestry , usually ( s ) he has x other ones as well . 
  fascinating . 
  of course !, 
  it 's so obvious !, 
  education is n't professional basketball team . 
  i did n't expect that . 
  there are no christmas in the czech republic without \u041c\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0437\u043a\u043e on tv . 
  it 's czech , but exported to other countries as well . 
  sure . 
  older people are , more likely and intense it is . 
  being betrayed by allies and occupied tend to produce some trust issues and grudges . 
  [ this ] ( http://img.e15.cz/img/11/normal690/2933980_bohemia-chips-v0.jpg?v=0 ) and beer . 
  yes . 
  it was before malformed hobbit took over . 
  yes . 
  killing each other got too old . 
  you ca n't tell , unless they want you to . 
  for example by being flamboyant . 
  sure . 
  is that good enough reason to not do it ? 
  we deal with that quite easily - you have certain number of years of free study - after that , you have to pay for your education . 
  maybe you should try that instead of banning people from studying what they want . 
  that 's quite dickish . 
  what exactly does it mean to fail definitely and irreversibly ? 
  * ou 're banned for life from ever studying the same ( and in some cases similar ) degree ( s ) again * nonsense . 
  nobody can forbid you from studying anything . 
  where did you get that ? 
  edit : apparantly it 's true in germany . 
  i seriously did n't expect that . 
  gas .
