  i am regular user . 
  you ca n't make and sell drugs , but you can own certain amount and use them . 
  there is n't really perception of western europe , but of each country separately . 
  currency . 
  yes . 
  you would need time machine . 
  it can feel like home even if it is n't in eastern europe . 
  some czech on reddit ... 
  during season yes . 
  however i do n't know anyone who buys it . 
  either you have your own from garden or from someone else 's . 
  very . 
  you are liked much more than non-native americans , partly because how you were ( and sometimes still are ) treated by them . 
  native american ( usually lakota ) performers can be sometimes encountered during town festivals . 
  my country used to be ruled by communists ... 
  you bring more alcohol to drink at the party . 
  tuesday . 
  black cats being bad sign is medieval christian superstition . 
  ah , i was thinking just about regular police , not the secret one . 
  hating secret police is matter of course . 
  there is proverb : nehas , co t\u011b nep\u00e1l\u00ed . 
  ( do n't extinguish what does n't burn you ) . 
  yeah , is n't it drinking while watching tv and wearing only underwear ? 
  czechs have `` unless it affects me , i do n't care '' . 
  total war : attila - geats europa universalis - bohemia cilivisation v - denmark civilisation vi - australia age of empires iii - russia, 
  civilisation . 
  tell me game , i 'll tell you civilisation . 
  i 've never heard using vb as serious offense , only as making fun of someone . 
  only difference is that some questions sound weird in negative . 
  it 's perfectly normal to ask `` do n't you want cookie ? '', 
  or `` are n't you curious ? '', 
  indifference . 
  your analogy with french women does n't work . 
  sleeping with occupants is n't like being state employee . 
  i know there is human construct called race and where i live there are four based on physical characteristics . 
  * black instead of negro * both words mean exactly the same thing , they are just in different languages . 
  * asian instead of mongoloid * which does n't make sense . 
  * i am not trying to tell you how you view a word , but why some view concepts like the mulatto as problematic and offensive . 
  * they are n't everywhere . 
  and i do n't see any rational reason why they should . 
  they are official names of races here . 
  i find it much better than inventing brown race just to exlude people with slightly darker skin from white race . 
  we have more foreign tourists annually than citizens . 
  jaroslav ha\u0161ek - the fateful adventures of the good soldier \u0160vejk during the world war, 
  saudi arabia might be safe , but it 's country with one of the most horrible regimes in existence . 
  according to their law majority of czechs are terrorists . 
  drink . 
  you heard wrong . 
  those words are cognates . 
  overcompensating for miserable record regarding racial issues . 
  czechs and slovenians did n't have colonies and black slaves , so we do n't have this condition . 
  mulat ( o ) simply means person of mixed europoid and negroid parentage . 
  not much . 
  most changes would be in bureaucracy . 
  my country is recently celebrated by american gun-nuts , because we try to keep our law by changing constitution . 
  of course they do n't know that our law requires license for which you need to have clear criminal record and pass exams ( theoretical and practical ) and then register you guns at police station . 
  i would like to see indepenent kurdish state . 
  as for turks themselves , returning to kemalism would be enough . 
  all of us . 
  barefoot if it 's too hot . 
  socks otherwise . 
  russians living in estonia are pseudo-slavs ? 
  mine - slightly above 200 if i count masculine and feminine forms together . 
  rare . 
  mom 's maiden - slightly above 118 hundreds if i count masculine and feminine forms together . 
  less common . 
  it 's fine . 
  for members of eu , it does n't matter if they support it or not , because they ca n't do anything about it . 
  net neutrality remains . 
  it might be language/mentality thing . 
  here things are considered tragedy even if you do n't suffer yourself as long as you cause it and acknowledge it was wrong . 
  it was n't tragic event for saudi arabia , because saudi arabia was happy about it . 
  well , he did n't commit those attrocities himself , did he ? 
  yes . 
  my aunt lives in canada , but she is bitch , so we do n't miss her . 
  it 's not common , but it 's not rare either . 
  tragedy - noun ; a disastrous event , especially one involving great loss of life or injury . 
  it says nothing about why it occured . 
  & nbsp ; i have no problem with walls of text . 
  especially if they are interesting . 
  you learned wrong . 
  i did n't write such thing . 
  tragedy can be own doing . 
  i would call murders of germans during transfer after the war tragedy . 
  we do n't feel sorry for your loss . 
  you started the war . 
  have you seen lidice ? 
  no yet . 
  can you burn it for me ? 
  & nbsp ; where is the greatest concentation of jews ? 
  in atmosphere . 
  & nbsp ; how can you kill seven flies with one hit ? 
  hit somali child in the face with a shovel . 
  no apologies needed , it 's true . 
  meth is our thing . 
  doctors do n't treat opioids like candy . 
  `` denmark , switzerland , belgium , sweeden '' are four countries . 
  germany is fifth . 
  `` one of the most '' is n't same thing as `` the most '' `` spanish political parties have been 40 selling that they are the most descentralized state on the world , but that doesnt make it true . '', 
  i did n't write anything even close to that .
