  oh , there would be . 
  a lot more than in middle east . 
  * the same thing would probably happen in a us v europe fight . 
  * sure it would . 
  europe . 
  usa has problem with relatively small third world countries even though they have support of allies . 
  north is more industrial , leftist and less religious . 
  your agreement is not required . 
  fact is that most czechs look more like most austrians than most bulgarians . 
  czech , slovak - native languages english , russian , german - school latin - college, 
  it 's not exact same statement and there is nothing autistic or fucking about my argument . 
  i can differentiate between certain asian ethnicities , which tend to be physically quite distinct from each other . 
  that does n't mean i can differentiate between asians in general . 
  i would n't be able to differentiate between kazakh , uzbek and tajik . 
  there is no clear distinction between slavs , germanic and mediterraneans . 
  some slavs look more like germanics or mediterraneans than other slavs . 
  and i do n't mean individuals , but majority of ethnicity . 
  not weaker , but softer . 
  slovakian has more palatalisation . 
  it was `` theist '' until high school ( i knew only immigrant and foreign believers before that ) . 
  after that poles . 
  yes , you were saying something else . 
  namely that you can differentiate between mediterraneans , slavs and germanics with decent success rate . 
  that 's possible . 
  but what about northern italian , slovenian and austrian ? 
  i have pretty decent success rate when it comes to distinguishing mongols , japanese and koreans . 
  it 's easy to have decent success rate when playing on easy mode . 
  den is pronounced shortly . 
  it 's actually pronounced pretty much the same way as english word `` den '' ( d\u025bn ) . 
  no , because it does n't make sense . 
  all three groups are quite diverse , especially slavs and mediterranean people . 
  individiuals from those group can look more like members of different group than their own . 
  but let 's try . 
  how exactly can you tell bulgarian and greek apart ? 
  or czech and austrian ? 
  too bad . 
  i am writing about language , not ethnicity of speaker . 
  which is uralic . 
  it 's not even in same language family . 
  tip : listen for h/g . 
  if you hear h , it 's ukrainian , if you hear g , it 's russian . 
  czech and russian is easy , czech and slovak is real challenge . 
  you can voice your opinion . 
  others can voice their opinion about how dumb your opinion is . 
  come and see . 
  yes . 
  it would be weird if it happened in slavic atheist country . 
  they are n't rare , just less common . 
  i think that more americans should be aware of american history . 
  boston . 
  most people think he is dumb . 
  but some still agree with some of his policies , even though they themselves are n't dumb . 
  guardian ? 
  usa is often cause of problems making things worse by trying to solve them through more violence . 
  north korea is n't threat . 
  they wo n't attack you first . 
  from their point of view they are the one defending themselves against you , agressive superpower with habit of overthrowing regimes it dislikes . 
  yes , north korea is run by paranoid totalitarian asshole , but one who wants to stay in power and knows he would n't if he attacked . 
  also that news clip with 4 women was on fox news , was n't it ? 
  possessing certain amounts of drugs will get you fine , larger amounts , manufacturing and selling will get you 1-5 years . 
  if you do it as part of large group , sell drugs to kids or cause serious harm , you can get 10 . 
  people are mostly fine , but america as country is pretty screwed up . 
  i think most people consider existence of extra-terrestrial life probable . 
  zeman is n't right leaning . 
  three of them tend to be associated with romani people here . 
  not stalin , but gustav hus\u00e1k and milou\u0161 jake\u0161 . 
  and father . 
  why making up monsters when reality is horrible enough ? 
  slavic - stupid non-white subhuman thiefs , shame nazis did n't exterminate us asexual - lying/fag too cowardly to admit it/sick atheist - satanist sinner from bad family hating god because of petty reasons who will end up in hell , young dumbass just trying to be cool and edgy , liar and criminal with blood on my hands nihilist - whiny ungrateful brat not caring about anything trying to be edgy psychopath - ( potential ) murderer who should be imprisoned or killed , manipulative ticking bomb that should n't be trusted , monster , liar just trying to be cool or just trying to excuse being asshole & nbsp ; mostly just verbal attacks , but i encountered physical violence as well . 
  fine . 
  what exactly do you want to know ? 
  not really . 
  nobody weights them . 
  german rasse or czech rasa are used both for humans and animals , but they are n't equivalent of english word race . 
  breed is used for animals , race for people . 
  also neither rasse nor rasa are n't taxons , they are used for convenience . 
  he takes his greek heritage too seriously and does n't know they stopped with it centuries ago . 
  alcoholism is n't about amount or time , but about addiction . 
  yes . 
  i am slavic asexual atheist nihilist psychopath . 
  plenty to hate . 
  our women are indeed hot . 
  it depends on movie . 
  73 - all countries in europe and 27 others . 
  i started travelling right after graduation instead of going straight to college and now i am over thirty . 
  it 's probably overcompensation . 
  i like australia the most . 
  as for the least i do n't know . 
  i think they are unfamiliar with german version of silent night , but they are certainly familiar with german version of ode to joy because of die hard movies . 
  * there is simply no evidence for higher crime rates among gypsy communities * that might be true in switzerland , but it is n't everywhere . 
  somebody should tell them that ode to joy is in german . 
  indeed . 
  you either join willingly , or you will be subjugated , large part of population enslaved and rest face gradual replacement of culture . 
  it 's great if you ignore all bad parts . 
  there is entire freezer for it . 
  there are about 20 different ones . 
  bohemian refers to behavior and ethnicity . 
  first one because of french and romani , second because of celtic tribe , romans and germans . 
  and czech is ethnicity , no matter how many upvotes you get . 
  race is social construct as well .
