but it is n't . 
  others have pointed it out that it is in fact euro centric . 
  what is funny is i can not find a source that says a higher number of esperanto speakers . 
  they are a tiny amount and the language has an entirely different set of problems from english . 
  plus if you were to just shift over to esperanto , every english teacher in the eu would have a time limit before their job expired . 
  would you really want to undo a giant amount of work simply because english is n't neutral ? 
  huh . 
  i honestly did n't know that . 
  thanks, 
  really ? 
  i 've been taught that it is incredibly hard because it is a mash up of two language syntaxes . 
  alright , let 's say multiple surveys and polls and such are wrong and that the english speakers are much lower than known numbers ( 30 % is the amount that can speak as well as a native ) it is still much much higher than esperanto 's .002 % of speakers in europe . 
  with that amount of people , the cost would be insane . 
  i did n't say it was ten times easier . 
  i just said it was easier . 
  plus also europe does n't have only a small amount knowing it . 
  over half ( admittedly 51 % ) of europeans can at least carry on conversation in the language . 
  in comparison , less than a tenth of a percent of europe speaks esperanto ( i am being very generous with a tenth of a percent , like several times the max number of speakers generous ) . 
  with so many places already teaching english , you would have to replace every single class teacher with some esperanto speaking equivalent . 
  sure , in forty years or for an individual , esperanto would be cheaper , but the public education overhaul for everything would be a leviathan cost . 
  and on your worry of cultural diversity , my own nation is testament to that being needless worry . 
  in pennsylvania , german settlers maintain their traditions to this day ( admittedly it is n't what it was in the 1800 's ) , french creoles settled in louisiana and have their own nuanced language quirks . 
  the southern u.s. is made up heavily of scottish/german settlers , who have a similar culture to scottish highlands . 
  the south west united states still has strong spanish influence and many in these regions do n't speak their native language , however , they still have their own culture and even their own twists on the one language they share !, 
  there is n't any need to worry about having the same language , because your culture will still be okay without it . 
  because lots of people already know english . 
  why would you want everyone to have to learn an entirely new language that less than 1 % of the world population knows ? 
  spanish is easier to learn than english and has more speakers than esperanto . 
  under your logic , why would n't the european union just use that ? 
  derpy little thing . 
  is n't he ? 
  not sure if serious or not . 
  actually , the u.s found that it is slightly smaller than pluto . 
  yep . 
  we sent a probe all the way to pluto to verify its fact and prove russia wrong . 
  yeah , but the american public does n't see it that way . 
  does n't mean it is n't true . 
  it just means you do n't hear fiscal conservatives talking about cutting defense spending for a long time . 
  as a republican , we would n't invade a nation of liberals already dependant on welfare that do n't even have oil . 
  we already have detroit for that . 
  not really the same . 
  they trade with us and keep businesses afloat . 
  defense spending is n't viewed in the same light as subsidies are . 
  we did n't do anything . 
  that was the issue there . 
  we did n't let grenada do the same . 
   russians would try to install a government in , hell , i dunno , mexico , that favours them ? 
  they tried that twice . 
  once with cuba and the other with grenada . 
  fool me once , shame on me . 
  fool me twice , and i 'll invade your stupid puppet . 
  replace mexico with most other nations to be more accurate . 
  i would pick any nation west of russia as a better ally and would likely call taiwan as our next closest . 
  give us a call . 
  we would love to do something that gives future president trump reason to invade everything north of paraguay . 
  seriously . 
  my heart goes out to the germans . 
  it 's not fun being at the top and people stare at you when someone else throws themselves out of a window . 
  i hate that my government is siding against germany on the issue ( i know its for defense , but still , dang it ) because they finally could walk up and say `` sucks . 
  does n't it ? '', 
  then we march into paris and burn it to the ground as they create the fourth reich and we form the amero union . 
  my point was it was to keep the same amount of taxes to the government . 
  trickle down economics is not in place to help the poor . 
  it never was . 
  even if they had high taxes , how would that help ? 
  it would just mean less jobs for people and the government would pocket more . 
  high taxes does n't mean better wages . 
  in my home state , when they raise taxes , they find a way to cut corners . 
  if we just left them alone , things would slowly begin to fix themselves . 
  so on your serving the people economy thing i guess we are ignoring the fact that the u.s. is not in the economic situation that many european nations are in ( kind of surprised that the dutch earlier is more willing to listen to my views than you ) and that the u.s. economy is just starting to get jobs back because of the lower tax rates , we will assume those are simply anomalies . 
  so if we have this shifty and evil corporation ( which i understand , corporations have no heart , i completely agree ) , how does taxing the rich help our poor ? 
  our government is in such massive debt that it would simply be used to be back pay for the countless things we already owe . 
  by increasing taxes , you are having corporations wanting their same amount of profit they already have had , so what do they do ? 
  enlist more part time employees and cut more corners . 
  they cut the full timers because stability is second to profitability . 
  and the republicans want to do away with a national minimum wage so that way the states can decide what to do with it . 
  a hundred dollars goes a lot further in georgia than it does in california . 
  they want it to be instead the state 's decision . 
  as for unions . 
  they are absurdly corrupt in the u.s. . people blame corporations for siding with republicans . 
  they also conveniently ignore the unions in the u.s. who make up 8/10 largest donations in the [ u.s. ] ( https://www.opensecrets.org/orgs/list.php ) . 
  unions in the u.s. make corporations look like child 's play with some of the [ stuff they do . 
  ] ( http://www.nbcphiladelphia.com/news/local/union-bullies-boy-scout-for-dastardly-good-deed-70285552.html ), 
  trickle down economics is n't for the people , its for the government . 
  i already explained that . 
  however , it does in fact create more jobs , which helps the poorest of people . 
  i never said it was a system designed to help the poor . 
  it 's not . 
  however , you ca n't use the wages as a reason why its a bad idea . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the gdp is accurate because it shows the economy improving because taxes are down . 
  your argument does n't make sense because you can raise the minimum wage without ruining that economic plan . 
  and please on your previous thing , tell me how unions in the u.s. are useful ? 
  they have in fact hampered progress in a lot of areas , even to the people they represent . 
  they had a use here , but they are just as corrupt as corporations . 
  if we need to reign in corporations , fine . 
  but the only way to be fair would be an absolute end to all required unions in the u.s. 
  funny thing is the states that do it * cough * north carolina !, 
  * cough * are doing quite well right now . 
  take a look at the fiscal condition , not a single [ blue state is in the top 10 ] ( http://mercatus.org/statefiscalrankings ) it does n't work if you do n't give it a long time , i admit , but if you give the economic plan 5-15 years , it makes a difference in the end .
