  i do find it interesting that you guys are so vastly different from one another and yet you get along relatively well ( excluding gypsies near the se europe apparently ) . 
  we are practically homogenous yet we only get along somewhat better than you guys do . 
  plus i 'm young ( and a filthy conservative ) so what limited spare funds i have on me i have invested . 
  the greece market ruined my year 's earnings but it 's been worth it to see a case study in the makings . 
  i also have a few friends from various other countries ( well , kind of acquaintances ) and they are nice people as well , so it really is nice to learn about the other cultures and see what other countries think on issues . 
  as for germany , they strike me as a people i can get along with . 
  while they are a bit more socialized than i am , i agree with merkel on a lot of issues i 've noticed . 
  it 's a beautiful country and i hope to visit it one day . 
  i 'm learning german because i found an easy app on my phone which helps and its a neat language . 
  plus that one idiot girl back in high school thought any american who learned german for fun was a nazi , so naturally i have to spite her . 
  and i know . 
  i 've gathered that i could just speak english in anywhere between east of paris and west of warsaw . 
  liked his stance on the greek austerity thing . 
  ca n't say i know too much about him though . 
  admittedly , i only know the main cultural stuff about the netherlands . 
  i know lots of you hate for me to call it holland and i mostly only know history stuff past that point . 
  not really any . 
  i 'm starting to learn basic german though in my spare time . 
  not good at it yet though . 
  in fairness , people really liked her until the debate and the snl skit . 
  but they are n't insane . 
  that 's my whole point . 
  you can disagree with someone but not think they are insane and not purposely demean them . 
  i do n't think you are insane even though i disagree with you ( sorry for acting like you were stupid , so i went against my own point there ) . 
  its fine of you to disagree with me , and i think we should have our three largest third parties step up as well , but it 's far too common to be a republican on here and be deemed the textbook example of evil . 
  alright . 
  my point is both sides have their crazies . 
  in my homestate , a democrat said that [ he would give a hundred thousand dollars to see any white people who adopted blacks . 
  ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2601869/alabama-lawmaker-fire-racist-comments-claiming-white-people-dont-want-adopt-black-babies.html ) from him , that was a mild comment . 
  and those are far from the worst others have said . 
  its perfectly fine to disagree with people . 
  heck , i disagreed with a lot of the stuff you said . 
  but until you walk in their shoes , do n't generalize an entire view of about 150 million people . 
  the president needs to be the one to open up . 
  very few people in the u.s. deny climate change , but many think that the human amount is exaggerated . 
  a better idea would be for them to approach it from a human rights kind of view . 
  longest time by three years man . 
  before 2012 , this was almost a non-issue . 
  both hillary clinton and barrack obama in 08 ran against gay marriage . 
  these things take time and now that its legal , it will quietly fade away within two or three election cycles . 
  it was a needlessly charged statement , that was all . 
  yep . 
  alright . 
  i ca n't dissuade you from it . 
  so alright . 
  well they did all three of those , so . 
  even the wmds, 
  alright . 
  ignoring the comment about sandy being equal to 9/11 , what do you expect the chinese to do ? 
  say `` alright , well you make a point by simply waving that finger at us . '', 
  no , i 'm not . 
  but this issue is literally the closest to a flat out resolution we have had in a long time . 
  i 'm not taking that bait . 
  fair enough . 
  5 . does n't make a difference when they do n't have the presidency . 
  from 2008 to 2010 , the democrats controlled the presidency and both sides of congress . 
  the republicans hold the senate for the first time in 50 years right now . 
  its because the democrats had their chance and failed . 
  you do n't understand how capitalism works either ? 
  do you ? 
  no they did n't technically . 
  the first republican to hold office during ` nam ended it . 
  and iraq was n't about wmd 's . 
  it was about getting rid of saddam . 
  yes they are . 
  however , do n't just call one party insane when both parties do the same thing to one another . 
  i just said besides him . 
  is that a hard concept for you to understand ? 
  wow , you are in a fighting mood man . 
  are you sure you should call republicans the warmongers ? 
  alright . 
  again . 
  because the party is the minority right now ? 
  they ca n't do anything ? 
  they have not held power since 07 . 
  why should they have to do the job of the party in power ? 
  and more importantly , if its so important , then why does n't your country do it ? 
  because its legal through and through now . 
  literally the only way to make it illegal now is through a consitutional ammendment . 
  it requires 2/3 of all u.s. voters to say yes to it . 
  that 's not happening . 
  there 's no way i can persuade you that some people see it not as removing women 's rights but empowering a child 's right to life . 
  most republicans are willing to accept rape , incest and medical problems . 
  only the fringe ones get heard and they do n't get elected . 
  true , they do n't . 
  but you did n't call the democratic party `` batshit insane '' . 
  alright , then how is it the republican party 's fault when they have n't been the majority since 08 ? 
  aca was created out of the first democratic supermajority in like 40 years . 
  the republicans have not had free reign since the marshall plan was still going . 
  and no it is n't , but there are benefits to our former system , like not having to wait months at a time to get a checkup . 
  you do n't seem to get that when the rich have money , they invest . 
  when they invest , it boosts the economy . 
  when the economy is boosted , more business is formed , which meets the same tax revenue . 
  it 's a tested and true system . 
  the jobs are a wonderful bonus . 
  iraq had heavy support from democrats ( hillary clinton and bill clinton ) . 
  and vietnam was started by democrats . 
  in fact , the president which ended the war was a republican . 
  nixon . 
  nixon also was the president to formally recognize china , which neither kennedy or johnson did before him .
