  get on our level . 
  yeah , but if anyone has to die better us than you , right ? 
  haha , touche ' . 
  hey , if you 've got an example of a more successful country i 'm all ears . 
  no one roots for goliath . 
  i 've kind of gotten used to it , honestly . 
  what nation in history has ever been more successful relative to nations in it 's own time period ? 
  actually , let me just tell you : there has n't been one . 
  example : at the close of the second world war the us controlled nearly * half * of the world 's wealth . 
  when has that ever been equaled ? 
  when has anyone else even come close to that ? 
  by your argument there is no point in being proud or happy when your sport team wins anything . 
  you did n't have a part in it . 
  in all seriousness though , i help contribute to my society . 
  i help enable it to achieve great things and my forefathers did the same . 
  that 's all the reason i need to be patriotic . 
  if you do n't understand it that 's fine . 
  you do n't need to . 
  who said it 's the world 's only nation ? 
  i could thatch a house with all this straw . 
  but it sets the tone for policy all across the west and beyond . 
  american hegemony is still very much intact . 
  military supremacy , wealth , political clout , scientific achievement relative to the rest of the world , creating stability within our hegemony ( the largest ever , btw ) . 
  i could go on but i think you get the idea . 
  people are starving in nk . 
  are you starving ? 
  does the american hegemony negatively affect you in your day to day life ? 
  why are you sorry about the fact that i 'm a patriot ? 
  we 're by far the most successful country in history . 
  nothing wrong with being proud of that . 
  really ? 
  who is currently challenging america 's hegemony ? 
  does n't have the money nor the resources , not to mention it 's running out of friends . 
  china ? 
  it 's geography screws it and it 's a huge victim of the `` old person bubble '' . 
  it 's more concerned with securing it 's borders than it is with projecting power , plus it does n't have the naval might to enact any kind of global hegemony . 
  europe ? 
  you 're funny . 
  europe ca n't even decide on foreign policy when the russians are more or less kicking down it 's door . 
  way to put words in my mouth . 
  i never said we 've eliminated armed conflict but this is the most peaceful period in human history , bar none . 
  american economic , military , and political supremacy has played a big part in that . 
  also , 2 out of 3 of those were in response to either us or an ally being attacked . 
  i will never feel guilty about either of those wars . 
  try again . 
  when every single instance in history has shown us that multi-polar worlds lead to armed conflicts being more destructive and more frequent i 'll be as wary as i want , thanks . 
  true , but a multi-polar world is not the path to a better place . 
  history has shown that . 
  and that should tell you something about how awesome the current american hegemony is for everyone who is a part of it . 
   multipolar world would be better . 
  that has never * ever * been the case . 
  look at medieval europe or pre-wwi europe . 
  hell , look at the cold war . 
  was that `` better '' ? 
  ( spoiler alert : no , it was much much worse ), 
  burning is a thing . 
  might smell a bit though . 
  europe makes most of it 's weapons domestically . 
  off the top of my head the only thing that european nations buy from us are multi-role fighters and some do n't even do that . 
  being able to see through your own plane and being able to acquire , lock , and fire at a target to your direct 6 is going to fundamentally change the aerial battlespace . 
  even though dogfighting is pretty much a thing of the past being able to turn and burn while sending hate and discontent towards some asshole 60 miles away is an amazing capability . 
  thank you for letting us know you know very little about the f-35 . 
  f-35b is going into service this year . 
  no it is n't . 
  it has been handled horribly as far as budgeting goes but the plane itself is amazing . 
  because most people are sensible enough to know that overthrowing government almost never ends well . 
  i have never gone to a school where we had potus on the wall or a flag in the room . 
  never had to say the pledge of alligence either , i still know it by heart though . 
  just out of curiosity , what do you think it is that 's not letting the kremlin sway your opinion ? 
  are you better traveled than most russians ? 
  did you grow up in the ussr so you know this crap for what it is when you see it ? 
  or do you just have an above-average bullshit-detector ? 
  awww :( do n't be like that . 
  the jsdf actually is starting to change doctrine so it can support large offensive operations . 
  other than that you have a fair point . 
  it 's more of a symbol of germany 's commitment to the alliance . 
  would it actually contribute significantly ? 
  probably not . 
  the us would definitely still do the heavy lifting . 
  it 's just infuriating to many people that an economic powerhouse like germany , who could easily afford to pay the 2 % , is intentionally gaming the system and exploiting it . 
  if they truly do n't think they need to pay that much , why do n't they leave ? 
  they 're surrounded by nato members anyway . 
  no one is getting to germany without picking a fight with nato . 
   i did n't blame the entire situation on the us but us foreign policy and nation building has been a giant destabilizer around the world and this is n't only a thing of the last fifteen years . 
  i think that 's a bit unfair . 
  i could easily make the argument that the us is a huge stabilizing factor in the world , and that our nation building has created some serious powerhouses ( see korea , japan , and yes , even germany ) . 
  there has n't been a major war since korea and that is mainly because the us is allied with so many major powers that if one were to break out the us would quickly swoop in and kick the shit out of the aggressor . 
  it is easy to forget with modern media sensationalizing violence and us knowing about every little horrific event that occurs minutes after it happens but we are living in the most peaceful and prosperous period in human history , bar none . 
  i think it 's very close-minded to think that statistic happening at the same time as us supremacy as a coincidence . 
  it 's primarily for the benefit of countries that border russia so russia ca n't steamroll them and invade like they did to pretty much all their neighbors throughout their entire history , not big players like germany , france , and the uk . 
  i think it has much less to do with the current refugee crisis than assad being a major asshole . 
  enough so that i think blaming the us for the entire situation is a bit far-fetched . 
  what we * are * partially responsible for is letting aq in iraq survive , and then go on to grow into isis , whose leadership we had in prison camps and then let go . 
  that was fucking dumb . 
  which in turn meant that the refugees could n't simply flee into iraq . 
  however it 's not guaranteed that saddam would 've even let them enter iraq , so ultimately they might have fled to europe regardless . 
  not really sure how the current refugee crisis is our fault . 
  it is an effect of the syrian civil war , which is turn was caused by the arab spring . 
  well , 1.0 has been out for a while and most bugs have been dealt with . 
  the version we 're putting into operation is like 1.2,
