you seem to be spewing the liberal propaganda that people can choose their gender and that some people can be non binary and sht, 
  there are only 2 genders, 
  he is a socialist shill, 
  i was just going along with the banter, 
  those damn nationalists , caring about their country and not succumbing to a world government, 
  i enjoy flamenco, 
  he will be allowed to walk in two years, 
  i am not green party but i do believe we must find alternative to fossil fuels and fast . 
  molten salt reactors and thorium are promising, 
  i think nuclear is more viable than other sources, 
  why do people dislike her ? 
  philip ii and charles v were great imo, 
  hey do n't talk about my habsburgs like that, 
  < muslim < race, 
  leftist have communistic tendencies, 
  pangea is my country, 
  too bad venezuela has no food and its currency is worth shit, 
  eh the spanish empire brought europeans to the americas . 
  i think that mattered the most, 
  eh , tutankhamun is pretty overrated, 
  surely there are better things to use the taxpayer 's money on rather than going after those who dare exercise their right to free speech . 
  prison are not meant to be hotels, 
  i like the mail because of the comments, 
  here in central america is like the substitute of fanta, 
  hurrr durrrr i 'm going to downvote this comment because it asked for a source to back its claims instead of just accepting unsourced data . 
  he did injure a police officer, 
  because it belongs to spain, 
  hope he is n't, 
  never said they were n't good , a little too left for my liking tho, 
  also source, 
  do you want to end up like venezuela ? 
  then elect iglesias, 
   if you do n't , you end up like australia who has mandatory detention facilities to incarcerate them against their will . 
  concentration camps , essentially . 
  if you commit a crime ( which illegal immigration is ) you should expect to be detained . 
  [ also ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/everyone-i-dont-like-is-hitler ), 
   so glad i live on a comfy island . 
  they all try to move there tho, 
  i swear posts about immigration are the only threads in this sub you gt upvotes for criticising the eu, 
  better than psoe or podemos, 
  just like maduro in venezuela who was a bus driver, 
  melenchon is an idiot, 
   everyone loves more porn !, 
  not theresa may, 
  the hard border needs to be in the mediterranean and the greece-turkey bordr, 
  to bad they were there first, 
  how is nationalism bad ? 
  believe me , erdogan is not losing his religion, 
  house of cards ? 
  on one hand they hate all right parties but on the other they also hate the refugee crisis . 
  to me it makes no sense, 
  it 's the same , hur dur breitbart is fake news , why do n't you read something reliable like the telegraph . 
  because i support dt, 
  congo was not a belgian colony but a personal colony for leopold ii, 
  r/europe does n't believe in right wing papers like dm or breitbart but will happily believe anything about russia and trump, 
  [ this is a step back ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/av/world-europe-37159461/lake-como-italy-the-latest-migrant-frontline ), 
  but a worthwhile task, 
  it 's needed, 
  not even europe wants to be strong, 
  why should cuba be applauded for supporting a dictator, 
   but , turkey has ** stolen ** land on european continent therefore it 's a european country . 
  `` free '', 
  or no one does and we send them back to libya, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=wpdr-lzsc00 ), 
  they are culturally european, 
  was n't it for economic migrants ? 
  no do n't, 
  racist against who ? 
  azerbaijan is not europe, 
  careful or the thinkpol might arrest you, 
  thinkpol, 
  `` i 'm offended by your post i will take you to court . '', 
  sounds retarded does n't it, 
  the refugees and santa, 
  everyone could see the direction that venezuela was taking with chavez . 
  communism is basically planning to ruin the economy, 
  intended to go forward ? 
  muslims only cause problems . 
  unlikely that turkey will become like venezuela, 
  implying the great leap forward was n't backwards as well, 
  taxation yes , mosques no, 
  i swear if turkey gets eu membership i 'll flio, 
  that 's the thing , it is n't some just a piece of land . 
  it 's the culture , the people , the history , the food the architecture , the way of life that come with it . 
  that 's why that `` soil '' is important . 
  franco is not hitler, 
  funny how `` no agenda pushing '' is only enforced if you 're right wing, 
  righful land, 
  should be reborn, 
  sorry diet britain , 
  there should be an austrohispanic empire, 
  it 's a faulty windshield , 
  will do, 
  i forgot to add it to the red lol, 
  milan as well . 
  gib rightful land, 
  no but they have a role in defending themselves, 
  do you know what a semi auto is, 
  i like barcelona , but madrid is better . 
  i fell in love with sevilla though .
