  i wan na mount and breed your big , meaty arse ! . 
  and as a fine diner . . i also think that beautiful arse looks like some 3 michelin star dining right there  . 
  fantastic beefy butt bro , hot af !, 
  :p . fuuuuuuck that arse is magnificent ! . 
  as a top i love a beefy , peachy pert rump . 
  my favourite . 
  really gets my top senses tingling and my tongue a ` twitching  . 
  mmm boy do i want you to sit on my face right now ! . 
  so fucking hot . 
  beautiful arse mate . 
  that maybe so . 
  but both pretty much created the western world and western culture that you take for granted . 
  so how does norway deal with the likes of phycopaths and also the likes of violent sexual predators etc then ? , people who can not ever be rehabilitated . . 
  the uniform looks like it wouldnt be outta place in g.i. 
  joe or something . 
  its so sexy and highly stylish !, 
  * snaps fingers * honey you are fab.bul.lous . . 
   may i remind you that one of the societies that preserves their traditions the most ( muslims ) is responsible for most instability , havoc , and social conflict on the planet currently ? 
  japan also preserves most of their traditions and yet they 're one of the most peaceful , advanced , modern , forward thinking , cohesive , civilised nation on the planet , with a very strong sense of community & togtherness as one etc. 
  japan shows beyond any doubt just how important hemogenity really is . 
  im getting melanoma just looking at this . 
  no but i have to ask do people in spain have air conditioning in their homes ? . 
  if not how do you guys deal with such high temps and humidity ? . 
  looks incredibly uncomfortable and rather dangerous to an extent . 
  i think everybody should find themselves the nearest russian and give them a big warm hug and also a shoulder to cry on ... 
  sounds like they need it * goes to find himself a russian to offer hugs * . 
   do n't forget cheese . 
  in france , we say : `` netherlands , the other country of cheese . '', 
  wow really the netherlands ? , not the uk ? . 
  surely it has to be the uk . 
  britain wrecks the netherlands when it comes to cheese . 
  loard buckethead shall conqueor all ! . 
  i for one welcome our new bucket headed overlords, 
  climate change will soon see too that . 
  and as most of the netherlands is actually below sea level and even worse is built on reclaimed ( from the sea ) land ... well lets just say that a lot of neighbouring countries are going to be having a large influx of dutch refugees as it were in future . 
  the netherlands consigned to history as the cruel beast that is mother nature punishes human folly . 
  holland 's future it wont be pretty . 
  its a neighbourhood in rome , not a country . 
  i dont care what it is officially , but i refuse to recognise the vatican as a country because it just isnt . 
  who cares what that demented physcopath putin thinks . 
  this is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  iirc there 's a lot of similiar cases that went on in mali for instance . 
  how about `` slavagrecia '' aka `` slavicgreece '' ... a good compromise there , that hints at the past but also achkowleges the current nation of macedonia . 
  germans have no souls though . 
  a cold , robotic , machine , clinical and effecient ai like people . 
  all because africans once again seemingly dont know or dont care about contraception : / . 
  and now they want europe to deal with their shit , well i say no we should not . 
  [ `` lord buckethead '' and `` elmo '' took votes away from the current prime minister of the uk !, 
  ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/bubbaprog/status/873003487809994752 ), 
  labour took a seat from the tory 's in my constituancy . 
  tbh i was not expecting that . 
  im absteining as i hate the tories , so vote for them . 
  but at the same time i dislike the labour party ( even though i agree with many of their policies ) . . but will not vote for a leader that is pro snoopers charter , pro islam , supports the whole islamophobia nonsense ( as if this disgusting backwards ideology has anything of value to offer the uk . 
  as if its something we should be welcome ) , is in favour of unlimited immigration forever despite the unsustainability and descructive nature of such etc. 
  so for those reasons im not voting . 
  i saw one of theresa may as the joker in that scene from the dark knight where he 's dressed as a nurse and blows up an ( nhs ) hospital . 
  king theoden for prime minister 2017 !, 
  i dont get it . 
  as far as venga boys go i prefer their `` going to ibiza '' song . 
  90s trash or not . . that is a absolute classic . 
  nothing to be sorry for . 
  hi klaus the fish from american dad !, 
  good morning usa ! . 
  i got feeling its gon na be a wonderful day , the sun in the sky has a smile on its face and he 's shining a salute to american race ! . 
  oh boy its swell to say ... good morning usaaaa !, 
  the colours and hues make it look like it could be a shot from mad max : fury road or something . 
  so beautiful . 
  we saved you from yourselves ... your welcome europe . 
  `` could this be an accident '' ... sky news un-fucking-belivable : / . 
  the media are once again beating round the bush . 
  refusing to tell the truth . 
  lotsa `` we dont know yet '' . . 
  yes we do know . 
  we do know who did this ! . 
  forget the karma , for you have lots of sisu !, 
  [ yup !, 
  ] ( https://www.ocado.com/productimages/531/53122011_0_640x640.jpg?identifier=eac86c1532cf555a9d86b132eedc2529 ) it is that . 
  its vile . 
  the chinese are bad beer makers . 
  so much this . 
  better than walkers imo . 
  shout out to aldi 's own brand hand cooked crisps as well ... sweet chilli flavour is the shit ! . 
  lidl isnt really all that cheap anymore here in the uk . 
  aldi still is though . 
  but one thing i do like about lidl is when they have their foriegn food weeks . 
  ive tried so many delicious european and further a field foods . 
  heck ive even tried chinese beer and thai beer ( both , gross ) . 
  lidl 's seaseme oil is fantastic though . 
  i like their german sausages as well . 
  very nice . 
  eww , far too gaudy and garish imo . 
  the food . 
  the less said about it the better . 
  oh and [ this pic !, 
  ] ( https://m.imgur.com/gallery/tsnnxte ) are fins really that cold , loner-ish and emotionally dinstant from each other ? . 
  so caught up in their own little worlds ? 
  the image strikes a very depressing , sad vibe to finland if that is the case . 
  where 's the human connection ? , the humanity ? . . 
  whats it like in finland ? . . 
  they will do nothing .
