yup . 
  i think it was 2004 is when it all went wrong for the eu in britain what with the entering of the union of the eastern european states ( this pointless , way too soon , short sighted exspansionism has come back to bite the eu . 
  the fact is the eastern european countries should not have been allowed in at the time they were . 
  it built up a lot of resentment here in the uk with the huuuuuge numbers coming here in such a short timespan + the uk being the 2nd biggest contributer and many did not like that so much of our # # # # was going to these backwater , moocher , all `` take take take but never give back '' countries , thats how many people thought . 
  we saw no positive benefits from it , only the downsides . 
  the descruction of a shared history and values , a wrecking of our culture etc ) . 
  all that turned many ppl off the eu imo . 
  i mean i remember how at the time when they told us only 15,000 eastern europeans would come here , not the 1 million + that actually did : / . 
  these liars , the political establishment brought brexit upon themselves . 
  some of us never had a choice . 
  i voted to leave and have no regrets . 
  things need a good shaking up . 
  you see i voted leave because a part of me wants chaos . 
  im an very angry , frustrated & bitter person , brexit is my way of igniting the flames . 
  bringing it all down ! . 
  i want others to suffer like how ive been made to suffer for reasons outta my control . 
  its karma . 
  payback ! . 
  and the eastern european countries , even more so than the med countries . 
  and you know this , how ? . 
  sounds like `` big bad russia '' paranoia . 
  but thats none of my concern tbh . 
  i really dont care what russia does . 
  i care about the uk first and formost , eastern european geo-politics doesnt come into it from my pov . 
  the fact is the eastern european countries should not have been allowed in at the time they were . 
  it built up a lot of resentment here in the uk with the huuuuuge numbers coming here in such a short timespan + the uk being the 2nd biggest contributer and many did not like that so much of our # # # # was going to these backwater , moocher , all `` take take take but never give back '' countries . 
  we saw no positive benefits from it , only the downsides . 
  2004 is when it all went wrong for the eu in britain what with the entering of the union of the eastern european states ( this pointless , way too soon , short sighted exspansionism has come back to bite the eu ) . 
  i remember how at the time when they told us only 15,000 eastern europeans would come here , not the 1 million + that actually did : / . 
  these liars , the political establishment brought brexit upon themselves . 
  i voted to leave and have no regrets . 
  things need a good shaking up . 
  last time i checked georgia is not in europe at all ( georgia is closer to bagdhad than it is to saint petersburg for instance ) . 
  i wouldnt call that europe tbh . 
  anyway im in the uk , all i can say thank god we 're leaving . 
  this sounds like the pre-cursor to more pointless , way too soon , short sighted exspansionism of the eu . 
  and as we 've seen with the eastern european nations being allowed in . . its not gon na end well for the eu . 
  in ancient greece small dicks were viewed in a positive light and thought of very highly , as the ideal even ... ( and as a guy who has a small thin one , i wish in todays 21st century world that was still the case and that we shared the ancient greek 's view , but alas its not to be ) . 
  my views on the man are best summed up by a brilliant article christopher hitchens wrote about gerry adams and iain paisley , and i believe it holds true for the martin mcguiness and his defenders come worshippers also ...  the british laws of libel forbid me to tell what i heard when i was a young reporter in the pubs and back streets of belfast , but i 'll put it like this : both paisley and adams know very well of things that happened that should never have happened . 
  and both of them , in order to arrive at that smug power-sharing press conference , have had to arrange to seem adequately uninformed about such horrid past events . 
  both have been photographed carrying coffins at political funerals -- funerals that were at one time the main cultural activity in each of their `` communities . '', 
  one day , their private role in filling those coffins will be fully exposed . 
  in the meantime , they are the recognized and designated peacemakers . 
  if you can bring yourself to applaud this , you are a masochist clapping a well-matched pair of sadists . 
   how can paisley and adams face the families of the victims and tell them that it was all for nothing and less than nothing ? 
  the answer to this poignant question is that they do n't have to , because we are all so pathetically grateful for their forbearance that we are now willing to hand them control of the region that they have so desolated and profaned . 
  dont be silly , she 's a white german and she 's a female ... 
  so she will probably be deported back to germany , where upon on behalf of the pussy pass she will not face any appropiate justice : / . 
  life imprisonment without parole or death penalty , i have no time for these people . 
  i want them permantly removed from society . 
  i mean she is complicit in murder and all others kinds of war crimes etc. . . and yet i bet she will be allowed to return to germany , not be treated as the vile crimminal that she is and live a normal life as if nothing has happened , she will not face justice etc i garuntee it . 
  and that is appalling . 
  germany needs to get its shit together . 
  where 's the queen/the british monarchy ? ... 
  despite the well known claims , milk is not actually good for you is it ? . 
  ive heard its particularly bad for the heart/cardiovascular system . 
  just like in star wars , poland needs its own basil oregano to quietly lead the resistance against the empire ( aka pis ) . 
  whether its the tsar , stalin , putin etc. . . russians love themselves a tough , masculine , brutal strongman leader who gets shit done , gives no fucks and takes no shit from nobody . 
  a strongman leader makes russians wet and drives them wild . 
  the huge levels of overpopulation is one of if not the main cause of this . 
  now we need about 2 - 4 billion less people on this planet to reverse it , that 'd be great . 
  to do that . . africa could do with 700 million less people india could do with 700 million less people china could do with 700 million less people indonesia could do with 160 million less people brazil could do with 160 million less people pakistan could do with 150 million less people mexico would do with 80 million less people the phillipines could do with 80 million less people bangladesh could do with 80 million less people these countries need to do something , take drastic action sooner rather than later . 
  if not then i suggest we force them one way or another . 
  and westerners are not the problem when it comes to overpopulation . 
  and the reality is , is that it something needs to happen regarding solving overpopulation . 
  if we do nothing . . well mother nature will find a way to make things right . 
  and it wo n't be pretty , but it will be for the greater good . 
  it will be needed . 
  i think tea is great . 
  really healthy and delicious . 
  especially green tea ... 
  whether its green tea , lemon green tea , jasmine green tea , lychee & mango green tea , apple & pear green tea , pineapple & grapefruit green tea , salted caramel green tea , cherry blossom & orange green tea , pomogranite green tea , ginger green tea , mint green tea , toffee apple green tea , and or cherry bakewell flavour green tea ( great for dunking biscuits i must say . . mmm delish ! ), 
  etc. . . 
  i dig all the flavours we have here . 
  as you can see i pretty much only drink green tea . 
  no sugar or milk obvs . 
  green tea tastes great and is good for you , a win-win . 
  love the stuff \u2615 . 
  i also love camomile tea . 
  tea       coffee any day in my book . 
  georgi markov and his assassination in london with an umbrella by the bulgarian intelligence service . 
  gypsies mafia crylic alphabet ( why dont bulgaria use the latin alphabet ? ), 
  massive corruption and dodgy dealings dimitar berbatov hristo stoichkov that 's kinda it for me . 
  sadly i dont know much about my bulgarian bros. 
  where 's the bit where the french bankrupted their country liberating one of britain 's colonies ( the usa ) , which caused , which led to the revolution in the first place ? ... 
  chip , chips everywhere ! . 
  may i ask why and what 's behind this obseesion belgians ( and dutch too for that matter ) have with serving chips with everything ? ... 
  do you put dill in all of these dishes ? . 
  you swedes love the stuff , are obsessed by the herb iirc . 
  looking at that food all i can say is ... dat hypertension ! . 
  the czech heart must be under so much strain . 
  oh poland you so cray cray . 
  mutton biryani                    paella just saying . 
  that 's right i went there . 
  australia is real toilet here , we all know that . 
  georgia is not europe though . 
  its closer to baghdad than it is to st.petersburg for one thing . 
   south america were colonized too and they did not turn into the mess that africa is . 
  uh what ? ... 
  south america not a mess !? ...
