  this district is represented by republican peter king , who is moderate on economic and social issues but is also one of the biggest foreign policy `` hawks '' in washington . 
  my own district , va-05 , is one of the outliers in that it 's a primarily rural district , but it has the 85th highest gini coefficent . 
  this district was gerrymandered to include the city of charlottesville and its ' surrounding suburbs in albemarle county , while the rest of the district is quite rural . 
  the city has a lot of really poor , primarily black residents , as well as the prosperous neighborhoods surrounding the university of virginia and the central business district . 
  the surrounding suburbs are some of the wealthiest in virginia , so the inclusion of these very poor and very rich areas makes the 5th district much more unequal than the typical rural district . 
  my congressman is republican robert hurt , who is considered a mainstream republican here , but would probably be considered quasi-fascist in europe . 
  you did n't answer my question . 
  unless you are an attorney who knows tax law , you would n't have any experience with the eligibility requirements or the funding mechanisms for the aca . 
  do you have any practical experience with the aca , or did you just `` happily watch '' people provide you the `` anecdotal evidence '' you just criticized me for using ? 
  considering the fact that you were unaware that medicare and medicaid have completely different funding structures , my guess is you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  [ 47 % of americans pay no income tax . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2010/04/14/business/economy/14leonhardt.html ) that 's true unless you think the new york times has suddenly joined the `` vast right-wing conspiracy . '', 
  i 'm not brainwashed , i 'm informed . 
  let me tell you something about me : i 'm an irs licensed tax preparer . 
  i spend my weekends ( including all of last saturday ) volunteering to perpare income tax returns for indigent people who ca n't afford to hire an accountant . 
  i have an accounting degree . 
  i know how fica works , how the aca penalty works , what the medicaid eligibility requirements are , and what the rules for exchange subsidies are . 
  i did n't learn this from watching fox news all day , i learned this from real-life experience . 
  do you have any experience with the aca or tax law , or did you learn everything you 've been spouting here from vox ? 
  47 % of americans pay no federal income tax . 
  this includes most medicaid ( and chip ) recipients . 
  medicaid is n't funded by fica like medicare , so it 's not even close to an accurate comparison , but regardless , medicare is going bankrupt . 
  linking to vox is the left-wing equivalent of a right-winger linking to fox news . 
  here 's what vox conveniently leaves out : 1 . 
  4.8 million americans lost their private insurance . 
  71 % of the increase in health coverage is due to medicaid expansion , not enrollment in private insurance plans . 
  these people are n't paying into the system . 
  premiums & deductibles for private insurance have increased by an average of 25 % . 
  basically , all obamacare has done is increase the number of people receiving taxpayer-supported healthcare while passing on the costs to people who have private insurance . 
  it 's a `` rob peter to pay paul '' scheme that is bad for anyone who has or had private insurance . 
  you bet it 's been an unmitigated disaster for me and my family . 
  the size of my deductible has increased by 30 % , and my brother lost his insurance altogether . 
  he now has insurance through the exchange and his premium is almost 50 % higher than it was before the aca , in addition to a higher deductible . 
  `` affordable '' care my ass . 
  i do n't like over-simplifications or name-calling . 
  i do n't think liberals are imperialists , nor do i consider their motivations to be any less pure than mine . 
  i simply object to the notion that right-wingers are any more `` brainwashed '' than left-wingers . 
  the purpose of american exceptionalism is to weaken people 's tendency to identify themselves through small groups based on race , religion , ethnicity , or political ideology , and instead identify as part of a larger group , `` america . '', 
  our national moto , * e pluribus unum , * means that wherever your come from and whatever your background , you are part of a single group along with 310 million other individuals , and that loyalty to this group is the most important . 
  it 's the only way to build a society of immigrants . 
  otherwise , our country would be balkanized . 
  nearly all of our racial problems today are due to the promotion of racial identities which supercede the national identity , whether it 's white supremacists or black race-baiters . 
  tl ; dr : too much `` pluribus '' without the `` unum '' leads to fractured societies which promote conflict and prevent cooperation . 
  we 're not alike . 
  we do n't speak the same languages , we do n't have the same notions of morality , and we do n't have the same cultural practices . 
  if you look at recent conflicts , many of them occur when different groups with different cultures and values are artificially combined into a single political entity . 
  examples : northern ireland : irish catholics & scots-irish protestants iraq : sunnis , shia , kurds syria : sunnis , kurds , alawites , druze nigeria : muslim hausa and christian/animist igbo former yugoslavia : orthodox serbs & montenegrins , muslim bosniaks , kosovar albanians , catholic croats & slovenes lebanon : sunni arabs , shiite arabs , maronite christians , druze , armenian christians these groups have fundamentally different cultures , value systems , and historical experiences . 
  the reason why these conflict zones emerge is that people identify more with their group than with their nation , and when national authority weakens , the interests of the group become paramount and people are willing to kill and be killed to advance the aspirations of their group . 
  this far-left food paranoia is right up there with us climate change denial and creationism on the `` bat-shit crazy '' scale . 
  someone should get this dude a tin-foil hat . 
  as a right-wing american , i do n't think i 'm brainwashed in any way . 
  it 's ridiculous to say that if you do n't vote for the left , you 're voting , `` against your own best interests . '', 
  i do n't want government-run healthcare because my private health insurance is awesome . 
  we already have government-run single-payer healthcare in the us and it looks like [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veterans_health_administration_scandal_of_2014 ) . 
  additionally , i do n't want the people responsible for [ this disaster ] ( http://www.brookings.edu/blogs/brookings-now/posts/2013/11/affordable-care-act-implementation-problems ) to have any more control over my physical well-being . 
  as for our foreign policy , i think it 's been an utter disaster since the mid 1990 's and both parties are responsible for it . 
  left-wingers like to conveniently forget that clinton and obama have either sent troops into , or bombed the shit out of : somalia , haiti , serbia , iraq , afghanistan , pakistan , yemen , libya , and syria . 
  it 's not just the right-wing that has developed a fetish for military intervention abrorad . 
  i believe in american exceptionalism , which is a celebration of the things that make our country unique more than anything else . 
  some people confuse it for american supremecism , which is what r/murica parodies . 
  the human species is super-social , meaning that we form groups that include other humans who are not our blood relations . 
  other social animals , such as lions , bison , and bees , live in groups of direct relatives . 
  the ability to form communities based on shared ideas , values , and culture , is a product of biological evolution and is the basis of society . 
  american exceptionalism is one of the reasons why our country has been able to successfully assimilate millions of immigrants and build multi-racial and multi-ethnic institutions and communities . 
  fractured societies are less productive than cohesive ones . 
  there is ideological `` brainwashing '' on both sides of the political spectrum . 
  this is because people naturally seek out sources of information that reinforce their pre-conceived notions . 
  i find it amusing that while left-wing people love to point out that right-wingers have been `` brainwashed '' to deny fundamental scientific truths such as evolution or climate change , they conveniently ignore the fact that they are guilty of the same thing with respect to the scientifically proven safety of genetically modified foods . 
  confirmation bias is another evolved psychological characteristic of the human species and it applies to the entire political spectrum . 
  i liked the food when i visited amsterdam . 
  i had a couple great seafood dishes and the breads and cheeses were top notch . 
  i had the best salad i 've ever tasted at an amsterdam cafe . 
  it was a watercress and endive salad with walnuts and warm goat cheese , plus some other stuff . 
  10/10 would eat again . 
  the one thing that made me laugh was this stuff they called `` filet american '' which was raw ground beef mixed with spices that gave it a bizarre orangeish color like cooked salmon . 
  i ca n't think of a single american food that comes anywhere close to resembling it , so i do n't know how they came up with the name for it . 
  it looked nasty . 
  not that big of a deal for deutsche bank . 
  citigroup failed last year and this year they passed and they 're buying back stock and increasing their dividend . 
  santander has now failed two years in a row . 
  that 's concerning . 
  i do n't know , a couple more brooms in 1914 and ludendorf would 've taken liege faster . 
  i 'm convinced that germany would have won wwi if they had n't been delayed so long by the belgians , which gave the french enough time to move troops from alsace to the marne . 
  the german army passed through there twice in 1914 and 1940 . 
  it was italy , it 's not like the locals follow their own driving laws anyway . 
  i have no idea who it was , a sexy german girl with a funny voice won . 
  they do n't show eurovision on us television , so i have n't watched it since then . 
  we use those things as hurricane shutters here in the southeastern us . 
  spent three weeks in italy . 
  spent five days in rome , took the train to perugia and rented a car there . 
  drove that car to rimini , siena , firenze , venezia , and finally verona , where i met an italian family friend on day 18 of my trip . 
  we 're driving to lake garda and i turn right on a red light . 
  italian friend flips his shit . 
  apparently `` right on red '' is not legal outside the us . 
  thank god i did n't get pulled over , because i 'd been doing it constantly for nearly two weeks . 
  it is absolutely idiotic that a sovereign country ca n't immediately deport people who illegally cross its borders . 
  i have no idea what `` chuffed '' is , and i 'm a fluent native speaker of english . 
  the number of spanish speakers in the us is rising very quickly . 
  i was once conversant in french , but i ca n't carry on a conversation anymore . 
  i can still read french newspapers online , but without opportunities to have conversations my speaking skills have gone down the shitter .
