this is so disgusting . 
  what kind of a head of state are you to let people die due to completely preventable mining accidents , yet you feel the need to honor yourself with a second versailles ? 
  also , this palace reminds me of fulgenzio batistas palace , before castro turned it into the museum of the revolution . 
  what about yugoslavia ? 
  or china ? 
  or vietnam ? 
  they were communist , and werent supported by the soviet union . 
  different people , different outcome . 
  health care . 
  they got cured . 
   starving people in the ddr ? 
  what ? 
  the good old days of torture and lving under a police state , how i miss them ... 
  in a 100 % ironic way . 
  why would he try to mimic your account ? 
  just wondering ... 
  ive never said a racist thing in my life . 
  i have donated money to third world countries . 
  and yet i am racist because of my skin colour ? 
  thats racism right there . 
  i was born white . 
  does that mean i was born racist ? 
  are you saying babies are racists ? 
  you know nothing about me . 
  i could be black , and you wouldnt have known . 
  in the 1930s , several members of my family died in gestapo cells and concentration camps for being against racism and antisemitism . 
  just because someone with the same skin tone as me tortured blacks 200 years ago shouldnt make me feel guilty in the slightlest . 
  i am pro-equality , pro-lgbt , pro-asylum for all . 
  so , if a war breaks out in , say , poland , we are not aloud of granting asylum to those in need ? 
  do you need an adult to talk to ? 
  satire ? 
  satire . 
  thats a question for another thread . 
  no , we austrians just love to whine about pre-wwi austria . 
  im a strict anti-monarchist , but its impossible for me not to feel some kind of pride thinking of `` the good old days '' . 
  these are hard times in the east , my friend . 
  even though most of us agree that democracy is a far superior system than pseudo-communist autocracy , some people still want the days of the ussr back . 
  why ? 
  i dont know . 
  i think that for some people , life was simpler , and better , too . 
  the workers werent just workers , they were heroes of the proletariat . 
  what are they now ? 
  a joke to our western eyes . 
  there is a strong militia in eastern ukraine , led mainly by soviet nostalgia . 
  they dont call themselves communists per se , but they wave around soviet flags and hold speeches in front of lenin statues . 
  as a communist , i am appaled by what these so called pseudo-communists are doing in crimea . 
  i wish everyone , may they look up to the dollar or to marx , that they are kep safe and sound , love and be loved , and put down their arms . 
  edit : spelling, 
  someone aknowledge this guy for telling the truth . 
  as an actual marxist , i fucking despise pseudo-communists . 
  marne-la-val\u00e9e in france . 
  im not talking disneyland , im talking full scale banlieue , especially the no\u00efsy-le-grand region . 
  scared to walk around in daylight . 
  im just going to surrender now , before i make myself look even more pseudo-patriotic . 
  * waves white flag *, 
  that last remark made me chuckle . 
  what does it even matter , in the end ? 
  germany has all my respect , were all * volksgenossen * , deep down . 
  well , the name austrian empire , but the empire as it is exists way longer , that is certain . 
  all jokes aside , i am rooting for you guys up north !, 
  i only hope that once you 've got your own country , you 'll elect progressive , capable people . 
  dont dissapoint us !, 
  well , if you want to look at it that way , * bruder * , the austrian empire exists since the 12th century if i remember correctly . 
  the liberation after ww2 did not make it a new country . 
   nobody wanted to hang out with anymore actually , our states were forced to leave in the post-war treaty . 
  no one asked the , for their opinion . 
  and we 're still whining about it today . 
  ive got a pretty , little flag * right next to my username * . 
  hahahahahahaha !, 
  dude youve got the wrong country !, 
  hahahahahahahahaha !, 
   i know all your colonies are leaving you what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  those are some big words from something that isnt even a country . 
  the plague of equality , yes . 
  that means jack shit . 
  by that logic , we should be learning chinese in schools , not english . 
  also , our country is older than yours . 
  thats a good point . 
  one of the members of the resistance later founded cagoule , a far right nationalist organization . 
  i forgot his name , though . 
  yes , but france was always the great defender of europe . 
  irony , man . 
  some get it , some dont . 
  isnt that unfair ? 
  think of the resistance . 
  let me clarify . 
  there is * no * party in germany that qualifies as neo-nazi . 
  nationalist , xenophobic , yeah . 
  but not neo-nazi . 
  ahh , yes . 
  how beautiful . 
  i remember the beauty of the german 1933 elections , how great democracy was !, 
  i thought their leaders were all behind bars ? 
  the father of marine le pen was a direct holocaust denier . 
  this post is so much fucking bullshit . 
  we germans and austrians are cracking down on neo-nazis like no one else in the world . 
  to even consider that a neo-nazi party would enter the european parliament is a joke . 
  americans - destroying our culture since 1949 . 
  and so began the war of stereotypes ... 
  what a fucking joke !,
