  of course this does n't get upvoted to the top , it 's only yet more proof of escalating hate crime against migrants . 
  however , when a bunch of asylum requesters dare * litter the streets * , that shit gets hundreds of upvotes . 
  most of them are n't . 
  the arab union , for example , is secular left-wing . 
   against their will which countries were `` forced '' to become eu members ? 
   palestinians are subhuman scum ... 
  * you pc , bro ? 
  but you adressed them by their ideology . 
  you did n't say `` soviet officials were racist '' , you said `` communists were racist '' , which is demonstrably false . 
  and yet the soviet union was incessantly insisting on `` african independence '' and placed great importance on having a multi-ethnic government . 
  or he 's not jewish ? 
  if only he was *** < insert strawman to further dumb down discussion here  *** . 
  there is a difference between not thinking catylin jenner is a woman and committing serious hate speech targeted against people of your own country . 
  do n't judge based on nationality , we know nothing about / u/diringe . 
  he could be jewish , muslim , caucasian , arab , left - or right-wing and all we know is his nationality . 
  one of the absolute core tenets of communism is racial and ethnic equality . 
  you can not , under any circumstance , call yourself a communist if you are racist . 
  event the soviet union , a degenerated stalinist terror state , saw that . 
  barely any ? 
  how can you even compare a democratic liberal alliance of nations with an autocratic monarchy and a communist dictatorship ? 
  same in austria . 
  when you call people `` shitheads '' , you 're not talking about incompetence . 
  being a `` shithead '' means being a legitimately bad person with bad intentions . 
  who are these `` workers '' , may i ask ? 
  you have not given names , ranks , positions , for all i know you could be referring to janitors . 
  and ambassador children ? 
  please . 
  i am a personal friend of the son of the mexican ambassador to austria , and am closely acquainted to the daughter of the russian one and the son of the hungarian one . 
  they talk shit about the un incessantly , it 's just a way to vent their issues . 
  you 've not even given an anecdote , you 've given a hint at an anecdote , which means nothing . 
  so your proof that the entire un , in the 70 years of its existence , is filled with malevolent greedy people , is an anectode ? 
  you are accurate . 
  i take it back . 
  well . 
  played . 
  that 's a fallacy . 
  because he only is the head of the `` global forum on migration and development '' , which is an ngo , and is therefore granted that title . 
  same way that certain celebrities get high ranking titles once they join unicef . 
  props to you providing a source , however , this was not the words of the un oficially , but of one representative 3 years ago . 
  so there is a difference . 
  source ? 
  because what you just said sounds like it would make a great stormfront headline . 
  they 're still the un , so one can assume their complaints to be very accurate . 
  i guess the un and the australian human rights commission were `` distorting facts '' , too , then . 
  so how many isis attacks have there been in britain ? 
  * green and left vote 100 % in favour of net neutrality * `` got ta vote far right apparently ! '', 
  same in austria , germany , france , etc. 
  the social democrats ! ), 
  so people are voting left because leftist propaganda is failing ? 
  that makes absolutely no sense . 
  those names look extremely british to me , i really do n't see what you 're trying to say . 
  if stalinism and maoism , sub-groups of marxism , are the fault of marx , then imperialism is also the fault of smith . 
  point is , we ca n't blame them for either . 
  great , you 've taken a bunch of random quotes of out context and used terms like `` socialist state '' , a complete ideological oxymoron ( socialism is by defintions stateless ) , proving you can read , but not understand . 
  nowhere is it advocating `` political opression '' or `` dictatorship '' ( dictatorship of the proletariat simply means a system in which the workers have the power , no connection to the current notion of dictatorship ) . 
  as to advocating violence , considering the context , the instability of the political system and the horrendous treatment of the working class , advocating rebellion and resistance was more than reasonable . 
  neither did marx , which you would know had you ever read anything he ever wrote . 
  `` there is no ethical consumption under capitalism . '', 
  capitalism also is n't about violent revolution . 
  it has still caused millions upon millions of deaths . 
  blaming marx for the deaths due to perversions of his ideology is like blaiming jesus for te crusades and the inquisition , its stupid and highlights political and historical ignorance . 
  can we blame adam smith for all the deaths of capitalism , then ? 
  like abu ghraib , right ? 
  well , there goes your greatest cultural contribution of the 20th century ... 
  yes , because only muslims can be terrorists . 
  good job . 
  no , it 's not ? 
  uh , austria is still fine . 
  nothing has changed for us on an everyday basis . 
  this comment is so reactionary , even struve would be impressed . 
  thank you for completely ignoring my initial question . 
  most germans are in favor of keeping the refugees they currently have . 
  stop it with your insidious lies . 
  austria took in 180,000 hungarians over a course of 10 weeks , despite the outbursts by right-wing politicians that letting them in would be `` the end of austria '' . 
  as an austrian , fuck this stupid mentality . 
  austria lost everything because of the nazis , our sovereignity , our wealth , our international relations and most importantly our strong jewish heritage . 
  just yesterday , a man with `` racist motives '' killed two people in a school in sweden . 
  last week , an asylum center in germany was burned down , the police are calling it a `` far-right attack '' . 
  for people who cry `` islam ! '', 
  whenever a muslim litters , you sure are pretty resiliant to attacks conducted against them . 
  yup . 
  as i said , they 're not great , but at least they 're a lot more serious and the moderation is better . 
  listen . 
  this immigrant is trapped in a cramped compound with hundreds of other people , he is not allowed to leave , and he has no acess to his hobbies . 
  also , i was n't talking about unemployement , i was talking about a world where money is no issue , i even started my comment with  yeah , but that 's not unemployement . 
  it was n't a coup , it was a revolution . 
  and the white army officially made it a war . 
  he laid the foundations for the ukrainian ssr , but it was only approved and put into action a year after his death . 
  i am a convinced , real-life communist , and i fucking hate that sub . 
  illiterate pseudo-stalinists acting like north korea is something worth admiring . 
  people who want to learn more about marxism , please visit subs like / r/communism101 and / r/socialism . 
  they 're not great , but they 're a million times better than the revisionist dogshit that is / r/communism . 
  he did n't even start the war , he orchestrated the revolution and it was the white army that refused to admit defeat . 
  should we blame churchill for all the deaths in ww2 , seeing how he was an active participant ? 
  so you 're blaming lenin for literally all casualties in a civil war ? 
  how fucking stupid is that ? 
  many , * many * of the dead were supporters of lenin and were not killed by him , but by the white army . 
  why should we blame one fraction in a war that had half a dozen for all the causalities ? 
  this kind of mentality just proves that people understand so little of history . 
  edit : oh , and around 2 million people died .
