  overjoyed when it happened , sure . 
  are they still as happy now ? 
  that 's the point . 
  the guy i was replying to compared the current greek government with one from before , so i did the same with american presidents ( it 's not meant to be an attack towards america in any way , just an example ) . 
  also , i 'm half-american , lived in america , born to an american mother and have an american passport . 
  maybe i 'm just not happy with they way my government is acting , huh ? 
  they changed government . 
  * what happened with the us president no longer condoning racism ? 
  i live in vienna , a city with a rather large kurdish population and i am friends with several kurds and believe me , they do not say that . 
  whilst they aknowledge that the fall of saddam hussein was great for them , the massive political instability that the us left behind was n't exactly better than before . 
  terrorism is rampant in iraq like never before , the vacancy left by the us quickly filled by some islamist radicals . 
  the us is also allied with turkey , a nation that treats its kurds like dogs . 
  - said no iraqi ever, 
  when has the left ever denied evolution ? 
  like , * ever * ? 
  aaaaaand i 'm a shill again . 
  nope , i just happen to agree with him on this certain topic . 
  also , i even started my rant with the statement that i support the us in ukraine . 
  also , i love how i 've made enough comments to gain that tag . 
  does this mean i have a reputation . 
  i 've always wanted a reputation . 
  that i can agree with . 
  all of russias neighbours outside of europe have extremely good relations to the country . 
  kazakhstan , china , north korea , uzbekistan , tajikistan , mongolia , etc. 
  i agree with you on the rest , but you must admit that the popularity of the us has a lot to do with its cultural influence on music , fashion and art . 
  once again , the us is far better than russia . 
  this is n't a nation-wide dick-measuring contest . 
  i 'm an american citizen , born to an austrian father and an american mother . 
  i spent the first 6 years of my life in new york before moving to vienna to begin school . 
  i still visit my american family every summer . 
  of course , the us is the better option , from a social , political and even economic side . 
  but do n't forget that the us has done some terrible , terrible things to other countries . 
  i do n't think the us wants to maintain peace , after they brought down a democratically elected leader in iran and chile , or after they started completely nonsensical wars like in vietnam or iraq . 
  i read it in a centre-left paper , so they probably added 30 % . 
  you linked me a conservative paper , so they probably took away 30 % as well . 
  i guess i can safely assume that at least 500 to 1000 people were there . 
  or maybe they do n't want to be involved in a foreign conflict that has nothing to do with them . 
  because sometimes , * just sometimes * , the world is n't only black and white . 
  it was closer to 1500 people , but yeah , not exactly groundbreaking . 
  i have n't heard of the 85 % before , but that does n't seem all that unbelievable . 
  i still believe , however , that the people cheering in this image have very little knowledge about the us . 
  hmm , i see that there is an issue here , the article op linked does n't seem completely truthful . 
  that all seems very correct . 
  i was simply quoting the direct article , which seemed to prove / u/slusny _ cizinec wrong when he spoke about how all demonstrators were pro-russian groups . 
  whilst i support military action against russia in ukraine , i find this very problematic . 
  as / u/rustymechanism already mentioned , these people have very little idea about the us . 
  they enjoy american fashion , movies and music , but they have no concept of the american government . 
  they are happy consumers , exited by action movies , flashy clothing and cool-looking army tanks , but they are only pro-american because america can market themselves a lot better than russia . 
  another article on the front page of / r/europe right now ( can not link ; on mobile ) talks about the big anti-american demonstration that was held in prague at the same time . 
  not that those protestors were any better than the people here , but the article did mention that around 70 % of the czech population is against the presence of foreign troops on czech soil . 
   speeches were given by ** several anti-war organisations ** , including the communist party and world without wars and violence all of which spoke highly critically of the government for the way that the decision to allow this procession has been made without going through parliament and knowing that ** 70 % of the population is against the presence of foreign troops . 
  ** did you even attempt to read the article , or is your bias all the truth you need ? 
  first off , the raping of nuns did happen , but it was extremely rare and the red terror pales in comparison to the white terror ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_terror_ ( spain ) ) secondly , the nationalists killed far more people than the republicans ( http://spartacus-educational.com/spcasualties.htm ) , so your claim is already pure bullshit . 
  i do n't see how castrating a male clergyman has anything to do with women 's rights , and it should be undeniably said that women in revolutionary catalonia simply had more rights . 
  hell , they even fought on the battlefields , something the phalangist women were not allowed to do . 
  first off , revolutionary catalonia was n't a communist region , it was a mix between syndicalism , anarchism and communism , with the latter being the least important , so you making this statement already signals a huge misunderstanding of history and politics . 
  secondly , playing off orwell because he has a bias also proves ignorance , seeing as his bias really originates from catalonia . 
  he became a convinced socialist after having seen what was achieved in catalonia , so that claim is already false . 
  third , i would like to remind you that the republicans were democratically elected by the majority of the population , and the phalangist army started the civil war by attacking spanish republic citizens . 
  fourth , i would enjoy some sources for those quotes you so graciously gave me , since i can imagine they originate from a more than bias right wing source . 
  it is practically indisputable that the phalangists killed far more civilians , women and children during the civil war . 
  fifth , there is a difference between collaborating with people who advocate democracy , women 's rights , workers rights and a secular state as opposed to people who advocate monarchism , ultra-nationalism , sexism and a fascist dictatorship . 
  if george orwell is to be believed , it worked wonderfully . 
  and if you refer to catholic clergymen as innocents , let me remind you that they collaborated with fascists and phalangsists , so they were n't quote the saints they pretented to be . 
  why do people always forget revolutionary catalonia ? 
  we communists also believe that the soviet union never had any form of communism implemented , except for early soviet democracy under lenin . 
  everything afterwards , however , is seen as planned state capitalism . 
  wait , so what about all those child factories in bangladesh that produce western textiles ? 
  is n't that ultra-capitalist ? 
  `` voting for those wackos . '', 
  do you know anything about greek politics ? 
  the alternatives were the centrist governments that fucked up the country to begin with , a hardline stalinist party , an outright neo-nazi party and a bunch of smaller parties without developed programs that barely even existed for more than a few months . 
  syriza was one of the most reasonable parties in this years elections . 
  ahh , who cares , you 're just happy people are suffering , are n't you ? 
  fits your nice little agenda pretty well . 
  i attempted a serious discussion , but if your argument relies on `` the left have always been excellent liars '' , i see that you 're far to biased to even attempt to talk to you . 
  not really . 
  a quick glance at their party program , their newspaper and even their wikipedia article will show that far from being `` old commies '' , they actually reject most forms of communism and marxism entirely . 
  they have given up demanding a global revolution , they no longer identify themselves as marxists , let alone communists ( they identify mostly as social democrats or simply anti-capitalists ) . 
  i do n't really understand what you mean by disgusting or dangerous . 
  sure , depending on your opinions maybe feminism and kurdish independance , amongst some of their most important policies , seem absolutely revolting to you , but i do n't understand how you see them as dangerous . 
  what have they done since their creation in the 90 's that was in any way dangerous ? 
  they do n't promote violence ( as a matter of fact , they deeply condone left-wing groups like antifa ) , they do n't ask for war or the reinstotution of thr death penalty ( unlike a certain french right-winged party ) and they are alltogether seen as a very decent political organisation in germany , by the moderate centre-left as well as the centre-right . 
  i wonder where you get your strong opinions from , because they seem harsh and mostly very irrational . 
  die linke really is n't as much pro-kremlin as it is anti-west . 
  unfortunately , they live in a sort of cold war mentality of `` the enemy of my enemy is my friend '' . 
  their ties to russia are n't very close , they do n't promote violence and they definitely are n't radical extremists like the fascist parties that attended the meeting in russia a few days ago , so comparing them is kind of a stretch . 
  revolutionary catalionia did n't have any elites , if orwell is to be trusted . 
  once again , it depends on what the article defines as terrorism . 
  thats because the definition of terrorism depends on which insitute you ask . 
  some people consider rioting and graffiti as terrorism , activies which the left often commits to . 
  i 'm a communist and even i aknowledge it was a dictatorship . 
  what did you think it was ? 
  people fleeing dictatorships to find a better life in western countries ? 
  yeah , it 's kinda similar . 
  i totally left out separatism !, 
  sorry , i legitimately did n't remember it when i wrote my comment . 
  no sarcasm here , you 're right . 
  downvote at will . 
  on mobile right now .
