  he was a genius , a pioneer of new artforms and a brilliant man , but he was not a `` nice '' person . 
  here are some books you should read to inform yourself about marxism and communism : * the communist manifesto * by marx & engels * state and revolution * by lenin * a contribution to the critique of political economy * by marx * bolshevism and stalinism * by trotsky * critique of the gotha progra * by marx * on religion * by engels * the conditions of the working class in england * by engels all of those are available for free on the internet . 
  enjoy . 
  do you know what a concentration camp is ? 
  communist concentration camps in germany ? 
  where ? 
  when ? 
  and none of those regimes , as atrocious as they were , had the intentions of wiping out and thouroughly exterminating huge parts of the world population . 
  here 's a short list of people who must have been pretty awful , since they were convinced communists and socialists : pablo picasso helen keller mark twain george orwell albert einstein john steinbeck jean-luc goddard simone de beauvoir jean-paul sartre frida kahlo jack london diego rivera * etc. 
  except for russia , in which the communist party remains the second strongest party , or in east germany , where people who grew up in the ddr vote die linke far more than not ... 
  exactly my point . 
  that means literally nothing . 
  ah , yes , east germany , established 1949 , famous for it 's ww2 crimes . 
  source on government supported rape please . 
  the mild-mannered ddr with it 's beige overcoat wearing leaders still pales in comparison to the nazi regime , in state power , surveillance , as well as death toll . 
  the problem is those left-wing groups are more often than not rebel groups and not terrorist organizations . 
  you have the pkk , the ypg , and the international brigades amongst other fighting isis in syria and iraq , do they count , too ? 
  i would also like some sources on that 100-100 ,000 number , since that seems like total bullshit considering that breivik alone killed 77 people , and the nsu killed 19 in germany a few years back , and i 'm 100 % more than 4 people have been killed by right-wing groups in the past decade extra to those already listed . 
  maybe communism did n't lead an extremely bloody and brutal dictatorship in germany , and actually has a long and proud history of worker 's and women 's rights activism ? 
  there are hundreds of communist groups revolved around charity and helping others . 
  they are not hate groups . 
  that 's a lot more complicated than you think . 
  what 's a `` soviet communist symbol '' ? 
  the hammer and sickle ? 
  nope , that was invented before the russian revolution . 
  the red flag ? 
  nope , that was already a symbol for half a century before the creation of the soviet union . 
  the red star ? 
  now * that 's * truly a soviet symbol , but it 's still ridiculous to ban a star colored red , especially since that symbol is quite popular in fashion . 
  of course , one could make the brain-dead assumption that all forms of communism and socialism are evil , but that 's just ridicolous . 
  what 's life like in the 19th century ? 
  this is what you get when you elect left-wing populists . 
  no , but the npd and their cronies are the ones inciting this kind of violence . 
   acting like the npd can have a civil debate with other people, 
  i 'm fairly confident that austria 's `` secret service '' could n't properly spy on liechtenstein , let alone the u.s. 
  there are over 2 dozen countries in the eu , and only one of them is norway . 
  countries like france , the uk and poland often invest far more money in military spending than in refugee donations . 
  and why should we forcefully offer citizenship ? 
  we can just as well keep them in our countries , pay them a minimum wage and find them a simple jon that they can perform intil they are ready to return home . 
  if not out of financial reasons , then out of humanitarian reasons , i would rather have refugees in my country than in saudi arabia , where they will face extreme poverty , opression and violent abuse . 
  lying ? 
  what is a lie in the claim that the un asks for refugee donations ? 
  and sometimes , a lot is not enough , as the current refugee crisis quite obviously proves . 
  and when did anyone mention citizenship ? 
  i was referring to keeping them well fed and safe . 
  the un permanently asks for help in funding of refugee camps , but no , we * need * this airplane carrier . 
  also , jordan and libanon are both not large countries . 
  if you give them money , i am sure they will gladly accept it , but they alone can not take 23 million syrians . 
  it simply needs more nations to be more generous . 
  our dear and beloved allies , one of the worst nations on planet earth ... 
  every other month , one of the fp\u00d6 's top party members is in court for nazi-related crimes . 
  they are most definitely a far-right party , denying climate change , placing conservative catholic values over european law , claiming that children who 's parents were middle eastern immigrants want to `` control our country '' , and loads more . 
  exactly . 
  hungary already starts kicking and screaming when they receive a few hundred refugees , when extremely poor countries receive numbers 50 times higher than that . 
  i 'm sorry if i sound so salty , but far-right parties like the fp\u00d6 are gaining power in my country and they say exactly the same kind of shit , especially about the turkish siege of vienna . 
  you 'll understand if i do n't exactly think that 's hilarious . 
  it 's not like canada is surrounded by war-torn nations . 
  and jordan , who have taken in a staggering 2.5 * million * refugees . 
  as someone from vienna , fuck all of you with your nationalist , war-hungry bullshit . 
  the 19th century is over . 
  well , then everything ever is bad , because all we have is a product of centuries of war . 
  do you know what culture is ? 
  built by muslim culture ? 
  ** `` and this . 
  it was written in the 7th century . 
  the world was a little bit different back then . 
  should we start quoting the bible , too ? 
  my point is that these old writings are more often than not contradictory . 
  the alhambra is a muslim building , and it 's existence alone has enriched us more than you ever will in your entire life . 
  agree completely . 
  ** `` he is the most perfect muslim whose disposition is best ; and the best of you are they who behave best to their wives . 
  i doubt that you would know . 
  and you have all levels of creativity available in the world , yet you chose to parrot an internet stereotype . 
  as a left-wing francophone , i 've been reading charlie hebdo for the better part of 2 years now . 
  mohammed caricatures have been done so often by them that it 's really not funny anymore . 
  people spouting bullshit like `` terrorists win '' ( which , as i far as i 'm concerned , is from a fucking video game , wtf ) do n't understand that they 've beaten the dead horse to the plint where it 's only bones now . 
  it 's not as much `` support '' as it is belittling his crimes and giving him praise for ww2 . 
  where are the moderate squirrels speaking out against this ? 
  constructivist cinema , cited as the father of all modern cinema , was invented and refined by russians . 
  vsevolod pudovkin more or less invented editing as we know it , and i wo n't even start on how tremendously important directors like eisenstein and dziga vertov have been . 
  rotchenko refined art as tool for `` the workers '' , and led the constructivist movement . 
  aside from that , we have poets like gorky and writers like samjatin who are still relevant today . 
  and those are just the most well known . 
  russia has always had a proud artistic development , during the tzar as well as under the soviet union , even if it was often censored and repressed . 
  they 're still part of russian culture . 
  how are they creating terror , then ? 
  of course , but  russian culture at it 's best , looting is an insult to centuries of russian art and culture that have often surpassed and eclipsed their european counterparts . 
  they 're separatists , not terrorists . 
  stop using that stupid buzzword to whatever you do n't like . 
  it 's not about morbid curiosity , it 's called journalism . 
  how can we trust a video we are n't even aloud to see ? 
  i agree with you 100 % on everything except the part about russian culture . 
  in terms of music , dance , poetry , fashion , paintings and especially literature , russia has an extremely rich and developed culture . 
  i know it does n't justify what is going on right now , but i hate to see names like gorky , tschaikovsky , baryshnikov and tolstoy belittled because they happen to be russian . 
  oh yeah , i agree . 
  i was talking about spain in general , not just catalonia . 
  let 's keep the questions focused on rampart , guys . 
  with it 's new anti-protest laws , spain definitely took a decisive step towards a police state . 
  `` villager , did you wash your eggs ? '', 
  this is some monty python shit,
