  so he did that . 
  was lenin a saint ? 
  fuck no !, 
  he did some terrible things and wronged lots of people . 
  but was he a monster ? 
  he genuinely cared about the poor and desperately wanted to create a just and equal society . 
  i do n't think we should erect any new statues of him , but keeping the ones that already exist is fine by me . 
  lenin to me is like what mao is to the `` communist '' party of china . 
  `` 70 % good , 30 % bad . '', 
  i 'm disappointed at the modernity . 
  i was expecting a 90 's - style amateur website with . gifs of their flag waving . 
  you 'd literally be creating another poll . 
  i would n't consider the lords resistance army replacing over 100 000 people in 2012 `` almost nothing '' . 
  just because it is not on the news does n't mean it 's not happening . 
  no , however you ca n't deny that the most current type of terrorism is racially motivated hate crime . 
  not that it happens all the time , just more than , say , eco-terrorism . 
  islam is over a billion people . 
  last time i checked , there were far less than 1 million islamic terrorists in the world , so less than 0,1 % of the muslim population . 
  and those buddhist incidents are n't isolated in any way . 
  there are buddhist insurgent groups , militias , and political parties with extremely violent agendas active today . 
   during the christmas of 2008 , the lra massacred at least 143 people and abducted 180 at a concert celebration sponsored by the catholic church in faradje in the democratic republic of congo , [ 48 ] and struck several other communities in the near-simultaneous attacks : 75 people were murdered in a church near dungu , at least 80 were killed in batande , 48 in bangadi , and 213 in gurba . 
  [ 49 ] [ 50 ] [ 51 ] by august 2009 , the lra terror in this country resulted in displacing as many as 320,000 congolese , exposing them to a threat of famine . 
  wait , do you actually believe that ? 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/buddhism_and_violence there are radicals in every ideology , stupid people wherever you look . 
  my point is that terrorism does n't come from one religion , since we have christian , marxist , nationalist and anarchist terrorism as well , so saying that the quran is to blame for the issues in the middle east today is pretty ignorant . 
  how is anything i listed a fallacy ? 
  you ca n't just say my argument is wrong and act like that 's an argument on it 's own . 
  and if you knew anything about the quran , which obviously you do n't , you would know that it is not `` canonically perfect '' , since is was written and rewritten over a period spanning centuries , not unlike the bible . 
  meanwhile extremist christian groups such as the lord 's resistance army are massacring children and women in uganda , yet go completely forgotten . 
  people need to be aware that it is socioeconomic status and dangerous instability that bring upon terrorism , religion only serves as guidance for what kind of terrorism . 
  in sub-saharan africa you have christian terrorism , because most people there are christians . 
  in northern africa and the middle east you have islamic terrorism , because most people there are muslims . 
  in the deep us south most terrorism is motivated by groups such as the kkk , since that is the region within the us with the highest membership . 
  to be honest , if gorbachev really wanted to take firm control of lithuania , he would have killed a lot more than 15 people . 
  i think you underestimate the pressure of being head of the soviet union . 
  if a country supposedly under your control declares independence , you are expected to take action . 
  that depends on who you ask . 
  russia might not have welcomed the collapse of the soviet union , but i 'm sure the baltic states were a lot more grateful . 
  i think gorbachev is essentially the only reason that the soviet union did n't descend into a hellish civil war which probably would have claimed tens of thousands of lithuanian lives . 
  this is the best answer . 
  he inherited an absolutely broken , cruel system of torture and fear and did he very best job at fixing it . 
  you 've never even touched a quran , right ? 
  this book was written in the 7th centhury , do n't act surprised that it is n't the most politically correct book in the world . 
  and before you quote some irrelevant passage that is meant to show how `` evil '' islam is , the old testament is full of that stuff as well . 
  they can pay that , but then i would like the countries that suddenly were rid of nazi occupation to pay back 27 million lives . 
  fun fact !, 
  the original poem starts with `` first they came for the communists '' as those were legitimately the very first victims of nazi germany , but that line was changed in the english version at the height of the cold war in the 50 's . 
  well , i guess if poland had been 30 times bigger , world domination would have seemed a lot more tangible from their perspective ... 
  ^ what ^ a ^ time ^ to ^ be ^ alive, 
  of course , no one is denying that . 
  my great-grandmother was from yerewan , she was in her teens when the genocide started . 
  after her family started hearing of what was happening , the family agreed to disperse to different parts of the world . 
  most of them did n't make it , only my great-grandmother and her oldest sister , who settled in marseille . 
  her father had made arrangments with a turkish family to keep her safe . 
  once she turned 18 , she was set us as a mail order bride and sent to her soon-to-be husband in massachusetts . 
  he also happened to be armenian , and taught her english . 
  she lived there until the later 70 's , when she passed away . 
  aside from some radical islamists and some crazy korean stalinists , i do n't see anyone using them anytime soon . 
  i have no problem with keeping a very small amount of weapons , it is the mass production of it that i find so undesireable . 
  i understand what you 're saying , but you simply ca n't compare nazi germany 's involvement in spain with the one in greece . 
  the scale of the murder and atrocities that happened in greece due to the nazis is far larger than the spanish one , even though that one is fairly high as well . 
  eh , it 's really not the same at all . 
  nazi germany directly occupied greece and slaughtered over a 100 000 greek citizens , completely extinguishing the jewish greek community . 
  in spain , they merely sent weapons and some troops . 
  i guess , if you really , * really * stretch the definition of war reparations , they could make regions like catalonia ask for reparation for the spanish civil war , although then the country itself would have to pay , meaning the people would receive part of their own tax money as payment , which is just fucking ridicolous . 
   without lenin there would be no stalin even though lenin did n't want stalin to become the successor ... 
  i can play this game , too . 
  without churchill there would have been no cameron . 
  without bismarck there would have been no hitler . 
  without lincoln there would have been no george w bush . 
  seems kinda stupid now , does n't it ? 
  hmm , maybe giving the workers the means of pepe production would be a solution ? ^ pepes ^ of ^ ^ the ^ ^ world ^ ^ ^ unite, 
  why would an ultra-nationalist ever work alongside immigrants or non-ethnic spaniards ? 
  i 'm still skeptical , but i see your point . 
  of course , but can you undo 800 years of intertwined history , language and culture in one conflict ? 
  well , one major difference between poland and ukraine is their cultural and historic connection towards russia . 
  poland was historically more often than not an enemy of russia , develloping a very unique polish culture of their own . 
  the vast majority of polish people today ( and in the past ) are very antagonistic towards russia , and for good reason . 
  ukraine , on the other hand , has historically and culturally always been a part of russian culture and heritage . 
  i mean , hell , the russian kingdoms were founded in kiev after all !, 
  ukraine has always been subject to a strong russianification , from tsarist russia to the soviet union . 
  of course , there have been monstrosities from russia towards ukraine such as holodomor , but overall ukraine is still a lot more russian than european , in terms of language , history and , until recently , politics . 
  will this have any negative effect on the pepe market ? 
  are you honestly trying to tell me that corporatism has nothing to do with corporations ? 
  `` that corporatism has nothing to do with corporations . '', 
   corporate groups also known as corporations . 
  just saying i am incorrect is n't a valid argument . 
  you ca n't just ask me for my point when i 'm refuting your bullshit . 
  i feel every so slightly stupid now . 
  the highest i 've ever heard for mao puts it around 61 million . 
  the more commonly accepted number is between 35 and 50 . 
  you just pulled a random number out of your ass . 
  fuck / r/communism . 
  pretentious teens who like to think they 're revolutionnaries because they own red army hats . 
  pathetic . 
  it 's like whoever drew this just read the headline of a newspaper and thought `` i understand this ! '', 
  nazi germany had a very free market for big corporations like quandt and thyssen-krupp . 
  `` fascism ought to be called corporatism because the two are so similar '' benito mussolini , * doctrina fascista * . 
  well , i 've met quite a few people who see themselves as members of the black bloc , and let me tell you , that is one sad bunch . 
  they see themselves as anarchists , but have never touched any literature by bakunin or other anarchist theorists , they have not much more of an ideology than `` west is bad and let 's fuck up the system '' .
