  it 's the conservative ones that want to stay in spain . 
  you want to deport people who 's grandparents immigrated to germany legally because they 're committing minor crimes . 
  *** ladies and gentlemen , come on round !, 
  witness a man made entirely of straw !, 
  on the footage , it is pretty clear there is no mass , it 's just one guy carrying a child . 
  she trips him and then keeps filming him whilst he and his kid stumble and fall on the ground . 
  no excuses for this disgusting behaviour . 
  lmao the `` socialist '' centre-left sp\u00d6 has n't been close to the soviet union in literally 90 years . 
  they are a pro-capitalist party based around social housing and unions . 
  fuck you people are so stupid . 
  yup , 20 years ago , poles were truly treated in an extremely disgusting manner by their western `` neighbours '' . 
  funny how so many of them have forgotten that and now feel like treating refugees the same way ,, 
  wow . 
  a comment of only 7 words manages to tell us that the poster knows nothing of politics , economy and history all at once . 
  whether or not you `` consider yourself german '' is irrelevant if you are born and raised in germany , as a german citizen . 
  if someone from bavaria living in friesland commits a crime , should he be deported to bavaria because he `` considers himself bavarian and not frieslandic '' ? 
  no , he 's german , first and foremost . 
  and even if you could deport them , the crimes the people in this article have committed are n't really bad enough to warrant deportation . 
  like , at all . 
  let 's face it , all of you just are looking for reasons to get rid of people who 's origins you do n't like . 
  and that is fucking scary . 
  no , not really . 
  it 's been the left-wing that has been on the forefront on supporting kurdish independence and that has warned the eu countless times about what is happening in turkey . 
  the right-wingers had quite literally nothing to do with this . 
  yeah , deport them because of their skin colour . 
  not a racist , though . 
  please , turkish terrorism in germany is extremely rare . 
  how exactly did the austrian ** republic ** hand out a knighthood ? 
  we abolished nobility decades ago . 
  palestine does n't have a president . 
  source on the `` die in syria '' part . 
  oman has a dictator king who tortures and kills . 
  where did this circlejerk that oman is n't bad even come from ? 
  the new pope most certainly does . 
  how * does * it have something to do with it ? 
  jesus , that is so stupid . 
  we all know that the bible , for the most part , is completely archaic and can no loner be used for present day morals and values . 
  however , the op was quoting the new testament , and you were quoting the old testament , and the difference between both of them is so staggeringly massive . 
  if you watch the video , it seems to be less kicking and more making them stumble and fall on purpose by having them trip over your leg . 
  still horribly disgusting though . 
   he 's telling it like it is . 
  seeing as that is pretty much the only thing trump 's followers say , i feel like that is only a smart way of saying `` he 's incredibly loud and stupid . '', 
  `` he is loud and stupid and i respect him for that . '', 
  the * vast * majority of refugees are in turkey , lebanon and jordan . 
  those are all muslim countries . 
  where did it even come from ? 
  oman has broken so many human rights laws , i really wonder who started this weird `` oman utopia '' thing on reddit . 
  no , they 're coming to europe because being in a jordanian refugee camp means that your children have no future outside of prostitution and crime . 
  the only way their kids can ever escape endemic poverty and avoiding breaking the law is by coming to europe . 
  according to some people here , you ca n't be a refugee without being a woman or a preteen child , dirt-poor and non-muslim . 
  `` importing '' nice way to talk about refugees fleeing horrid warzones . 
  the idea that israel can only exist for jewish people and those people alone is a lost dream , and lots of former pms of israel have said so themselves . 
  it 's always nice that certain people can only admit that they agree with me by insulting me . 
  never change . 
  so even if you live there peacefully , you are still an invader because your 1000 year old ancestors were invaders ? 
  nice way of keeping hatred alive . 
  honestly , all of world history is made by people invading other people . 
  every country was created by invaders . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_palestinian_people  the arab population of palestine traces their history to the muslim conquest of palestine in 640 ce . 
  that 's more than 2 and a half thousand years from today . 
  so yes , i am serious when i say that palestinians have lived in what is now israel for a * very * long time . 
  yes , that reasoning literally proves that the idf does n't trust arabs , since they immediately call their oponents `` brethren '' for sharing an ethnicity and assumes they are like brothers . 
  so where did palestinians come from ? 
  the fact that they are n't required to serve in the army is purely because the state of israel does n't trust ethnic arabs , even if they are israeli . 
  the free schooling and board i have never heard of before , but if it 's true i imagine it 's in an effort to balance out the amount of students in terms of jewish-arab ratio . 
  many countries do this . 
  yeah , it 's rough having people in your country who 've lived there for thousands of years before you came , huh ? 
   more rights/benefits than jews somehow , i seriously doubt this . 
  til kropotkin , kamenev , zinoniev , lenin and trotsky all were n't part of the soviet union and did n't all have different conflicting viewpoints on democracy and socialism . 
  nope . 
  only stalin . 
  yes , the tzar was just marvelous in every way , right ? 
  except on reddit , where it 's the funniest thing in the world . 
  yes , they need a clown with rich friends !, 
  because they get here completely normally , by train , bus or airplane on their own . 
  also , most of them already have friends or relatives living in the eu , which makes travelling a lot easier . 
  they also do n't look foreign . 
  they 're left-wing . 
  the difference between left and far-left is as massive as the difference between conservatism and fascism . 
  the politics of die linke * are n't far-left * , irrelevant to whether or not they are as left as it gets in germany . 
  would you call the polish social democrats , a centre-left party , far-left because it 's as left as the scale goes among federally represnted parties in poland ? 
  it sill did n't `` evaporate '' . 
  it was taken apart in a carefully planned political process through treaties and diplomacy following a harrowing war . 
  of course , but saying it `` just evaporated '' like there was n't a tremendous war raging for the past half decade is a complete lie . 
  the 800,000 number is a speculation that has three more months to flourish , and it 's becoming more and more clear that barely half of that number will come to germany . 
  and then , most of those are from the balkans , and 55 % will be rejected . 
  so really , the number is closer to a quarter of what people are saying . 
  die linke is not far-left . 
  no , you simply act as if the far-left even exists in europe today , or on this subreddit . 
  they do n't , the far-left is dead . 
   islamic communist state please be satire please be satire please be satire, 
  uh , what ? 
  austria-hungary lost the 1st world war , which it helped instigate , and was punished by the victor states accordingly , by losing it 's * kronl\u00e4nder * and forcing it to become the austria we know today . 
  it did not `` simply evaporate '' , it lost a war . 
  the inaccuracy of your comment actually makes me angry . 
  i remember how last year there was at least a shred of decency and politeness when people argued over big events , and now look at this . 
  oh boy , the far left is at it again . 
  tell me , / u/raven0520 , which maoists or blanquists do you know on this subreddit ? 
  because those are far-leftists . 
  i fucking hate it when people talk of the far-left , currently by far the weakest wing in european politics , isolated , fractioned and underfunded , like they 're some great political force .
