  she has since stepped back , but there has not been a single protest , no riots , no `` palestinians flags waved '' ( where is the connection ? ), 
  and all that happened were some serious newspaper article by left-oriented newspapers that assured that someone as deranged as her should not be in office . 
  opposition in russia have it really rough , man . 
  i 'm not saying putin or his party are necessarily to blame for the deaths of opposition leaders , but it 's extremely fishy . 
  i do n't doubt erdogan wants to become turkey 's next sultan , but how exactly did he  model himself on hitler and stalin 's rise to power ? 
  hitler was elected chancellor by a desperate president in times of massive political turmoil and stalin was a disputed successor of a stroke-ridden leader of the cpsu . 
  walking over a border is literally the same as taking a human being 's life and they both warrant the same kind of punishment , right ? 
  i agree that she should be charged , but would you say the same thing over the wave of racist anti-refugee posts there have been on social media lately ? 
  i really wonder what kind of people actually think that some idiot who said racist things is literally as bad as a man who is responsible for 11 million deaths . 
  what about isis ? 
  the kkk ? 
  the lra ? 
  the nsu ? 
  they all believe in the supremacy of certain races and religions over others , and are actually causing serious damage in the world ? 
  are n't they just obviously worse than some idiotic person who tweets dumb shit ? 
  uh , no . 
  maybe if someone of importance tweeted this , then there might have been protests . 
  but come on . 
  clearly racist tweets and postings happen every single day and no one except the judicial system gives a shit . 
  get over your victim complex . 
  what you described is crap . 
  you think ukip or the tories are unprogressive ? 
  wait 'til you meet the dup . 
  the number of syrian refugees has risen drastically since isis entered syrias last summer , they definitely have had a tangible effect on the crisis . 
  alright , you were correct about the creation of isis , but it definitely develloped and bloomed thanks to a destabilized iraq . 
  yeah , well poland and the uk fought there anyway , they share the blame . 
  and the ones that actually did send troops , like poland , are taking in next to nothing . 
  isis is the main source of refugees , and isis was created accidentally by the west . 
  yes , greece was just doing marvelously well before syriza . 
  i do n't remember the sed being the current figurehead of socialism worldwide , they 're actually considered a laughing stock for their pettiness amongst left-wing groups . 
  so what is the final turnout ? 
  lmao the berlin wall is a symbol of socialism ? 
  red flag , hammer & sickle , raised fist , berlin wall ? 
  what ? 
  maybe under stalinists , sure , but i am a member of a marxist organization and we celebrate the reunification every year . 
  sounds like a comment an idiot would make . 
  destabilizing iraq was absolutely europe 's ( and america 's ) responsibility . 
  they removed a tyrannical dictator who had a tight grip on the country and left it in chaos . 
  isis was only able to blossom because of the iraq war . 
  there is a millennia-old saying about the conquests of rome that i find fits the current situation very well : ** `` the romans create a wasteland , and call it peace . 
  actually , it 's about 2 % up , no idea where you got that number from . 
  there already were protests once the results came in ... https://www.rt.com/news/320417-turkey-election-clashes-gas/ http://www.ibtimes.com/turkey-election-results-2015-erdogan-poised-win-kurdish-youth-protest-2164191, 
  albania , azerbaijan , bosnia , cyprus ( north ) . 
  still not anywhere near socialism . 
  how so ? 
  of course , but even so , not that much worse . 
  literally all of those problems can be traced back to capitalist-oriented exploitation for profit . 
  and what do you suggest ? 
  that some people just naturally are forced to live worse lives because they were born somewhere and they should n't be allowed a `` western life style '' ? 
  i mean , saudi arabia is already an ultra-fundamentalist islamic autocracy . 
  i doubt it could possibly get any worse . 
  chances are he already has , and actually , on average , illegals from mexico commit less crime than us citizens . 
  maybe , * just maybe * , an incredibly mighty economy that has barely been affected by the current * world * crisis , a mostly successful reunification and an extremely low unemployment rate have some connection to who 's running the country ? 
  that 's ... not true at all ? 
  every village in germany has their own police station regardless , and they are always in close contact with neighbouring ones , too ? 
  we waste approximately 45 % of all the food we produce each year , more than enough to satisfy all humans . 
  the problem is capitalism . 
   german population was expected to decline in 2012 , ** but increased due to immigration . 
  ** how exactly is overpopulation a problem for germany if they would literally get smaller without immigration ? 
  in the develloping world , yes , overpopulation is a problem , but not in europe . 
  actually , underpopulation is the bigger problem , people are getting too old and not having enough kids , if it were n't for immigration , countries like germany would actually lose population size , as they did half a decade ago . 
  even if every single refugee from syria would come to europe today , they still wouldnt even make 1 % of the population , and the eu is pretty large , so i do n't see a space or size problem . 
  ok , so i should just talk about a different group of european immigrants ? 
  if he does n't know , he should take back the statement once he sees that what he said was indeed false . 
  the vast majority of those ( 90 % + ) are in jordan , turkey and the lebanon , not europe though . 
  how are my facts not straight ? 
  op said that europeans never left europe when there was a problem , that 's a straight-up lie . 
  at the time of the great famine , ireland had a population of roughly 6,5 million people , 1 of which would die of famine and 1 more that would leave for the united states . 
  so roughly 17 % of the nation left . 
  ( source : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_the_republic_of_ireland ) the population of the german empire at the period of highest mass migration to the us ( 1880 's ) , was roughly 45 million , 1 of which emigrated to america , roughly 2,3 % of the total population . 
  ( source : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/census_in_germany#1871_-_1945_german_reich ) the population of syria before the war was 22 million . 
  today , 3 million syrians are refugees , roughly 14 % of the population . 
  since 2011 , there have been only about 500,000 asylum requests from syrians ( source : http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/asylum.php ) in europe , so a total of around 2,75 % of syria 's total population . 
  and keep in mind that aside from the irish , who were literally fleeing death from starvation , very few immigrants from europe were coming to the us because of war or persecution , they were coming because of the chance at a better life . 
  some might call them economic migrants . 
  in 4 years , 1 million germans came to the us . 
  same for the irish during the great famine , both of those countries were smaller in population than syria was at the start of the war . 
  also , where is this `` 4 million syrians '' number coming from ? 
   between 1881 and 1885 , when a million germans left 1 million in 4 years . 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  millions of europeans moved to the united states to find a better life , during the potato famine and especially around ww1 . 
   between 1850 and 1930 , ** about 5 million germans migrated to the united states ** with a peak in the years between 1881 and 1885 , when a million germans left germany and settled mostly in the midwest . 
  between 1820 and 1930 , ** 3.5 million british and 4.5 million irish entered america . 
  ** before 1845 most irish immigrants were protestants . 
  after 1845 , irish catholics began arriving in large numbers , largely driven by the great famine . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_immigration_to_the_united_states the fucking lies you read here sometimes ... 
  he is right , b\u00f6rnie sanders is merely advocating for social democracy , not a system of worker ownership . 
  pff , only bc kids get this . 
  i mean , do you even remember assyria ? 
  just because they went from awful to bad does n't mean they 're in any way electable . 
  ok , thank you very much , you appear to be correct on this issue !, 
  just the parts about secular/sharia please . 
  but poland was part of the `` coalition of the willing '' who fought in iraq and brought down saddam , effectively destroying their society , which brought forth the rise of isis . 
  so they have a direct responsability . 
  well , you start off with an event that happened over 90 years ago ( want to know what turkey was doing over 90 ago ? ), 
  and then you link a 50 page report in a language i ca n't read . 
  why are you of all countries asking for help ? 
  how many tens of thousands of refugees have you taken in so far ? 
  that is total bullshit and you know it . 
  yes ?
