  yes , the biggest country in the world with a huge army and an enormous military budget is totally comparable to a few thousand refugees !, 
  ah yes , the `` i will eat whatever shit smells better '' approach . 
  it 's also a term ultra-mysognists use in order to declare themselves enlighten i.e. 
  `` superior '' and `` alpha '' , hence the disgusting subreddit / r/theredpill . 
   redpilled what . 
  i 'm not talking about him , i could n't care less about his opinions . 
  i 'm talking about the state of turkey . 
  as long as turkey does n't admit to the genocide , it will be an open wound . 
  such is life in glorious arstotzka . 
  he said `` they all need to be dealt with '' . 
  go to the vienna prater on a saturday and smoke weed with the turkish teenagers there . 
  then tell me how extreme they are . 
  seriously , islamic moderates totally exist and denying that shows a certain level of ignorance i would not have expected from this subreddit . 
  http://jwa.org/encyclopedia/article/wifebeating-in-jewish-tradition  in biblical times , it is clear that acts of sexual assault and abuse against women are of concern only because they are a violation of male property rights . 
  the bible delineated the marriage relationship by calling the husband ba\u2019al which implies both ownership as well as lordship ( ex . 
  the woman is property , whose ownership is transferred to the husband upon marriage . 
  in the case of a divorce , the husband renounces his right to his ( sexual ) use of the property . 
  if the husband 's property is damaged , compensation is paid to him . 
  he is not only the owner of his wife , he is also the owner of her pregnancy ( ex . 
  all of this may have contributed to an attitude that ** there was nothing wrong with physically abusing women ** . 
  although the word ??? 
  ( strike , blow , hit , beat ) appears in the bible , it is not associated with wifebeating until the talmud . 
  ultra orthodoxy exists in judaism , and you can bet they beat their wives , if they 're not too busy conceiving half a dozen children on average . 
  yes , all 1 billion of them . 
  yeah , i really think gaza and west bank residents , people who are actively called terrorists by the israeli government and are constantly the victim of bombings and raids due to them being forced to live in what is essentially an open-air prison , have a right to be pissed at israel . 
  of course , accusing all jews of this is bad , but one should really put it into context . 
  i 'm sorry , but was poland an economic powerhouse before ww2 ? 
  genuine question . 
  the first link you posted mentions no `` breastfeeding hate '' that you talked about , it 's a sociological and scientific study and nothing about it is abnormal . 
  the second link says nothing about whether or not feminists are pro- or against breast-feeding , and just mentions that they discuss it . 
  the third link , although it is written by a mother who states that she prefers not to breastfeed , has nothing to do with `` patriarchy '' or any other feminist tropes , but much rather personal comfort . 
  and the entire reason i made my first comment was to point out that most feminist movements that deserve attention and help are non-wester ones . 
  1 ) i 'm asking for the name of the organization . 
  if you ca n't give it to me , i am forced to assume what you said was a lie . 
  2 ) please find a source on that . 
  all i get is feminists seeking for public acceptance of breastfeeding under the feminist hashtag #freethenipple . 
  3 ) i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  4 ) when did we ever mention western feminism exclusicely ? 
  feminist movements in india and africa really have better things to do than apologize for white men feeling offended because of some idiotic tumblr users . 
  oh god this comment . 
  1 ) what kind of `` feminist community '' were you `` involved '' in ? 
  because that can mean anything . 
  2 ) literally never ever heard something about breastfeeding that was n't extremely positive to the idea of making it acceptable in public , i.e. 
  the opposite of what you claim . 
  3 ) it is extremely ignorant to think that feminists would vote for someone because they are a woman . 
  precisely , many us feminists are advising people * not * to vote for hillary because she is a woman , but much rather to back bernie sanders , who has a far more progressive stance on women 's rights . 
  the same was the case with obama in ' 08 . 
  that statement of yours alone makes me doubt you have had any connections to any real-life feminists . 
  4 ) you are systematically only referring to feminism in liberal us states , completely ignoring that feminism is extremely vital and growing in countries in africa , se asia and india , where they are most needed . 
  but , hey , you 're someone who thinks not enough hate crimes against muslims have been committed in the us ( https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2hikql/threats_are_now_a_daily_event_for_many_us_muslims/ckt2wdk ) , so what 's the point in even answering ? 
  yes , and in 99,99 % of other feminist groups in other cities and countries , this did not happen . 
  how dare they flee atrocious war and horrible refugee camps in turkey and lebanon in which all possibilities of having a future are taken from them !, 
  ah , the absolute minority in feminism that is completely irrelevant outside of the internet . 
  no , people who harp on things that happened 400 years ago and compare then compare them to the current world with a straight face . 
  blind hatred is the way turkey acts when asked to apologize . 
  the fact that your numbers are 9/11 and 1683 , the year of the turkish siege of vienna , just confirm all my fears . 
  how about you publicly admit that you did it ? 
  would that be so hard ? 
  my grandfather was an armenian genocide survivor , he is one of the last people of the kondakian family , all the others were killed or forced to change their names so they would n't be recognized . 
  and yet every single year , massive protests led by nationalist turkish organizations keep staging protests denouncing the genocide as an `` imperialist lie '' . 
  lmao , of course the 1 day old account with a bunch of numbers for a username is a reliable source of information . 
  *** no sources were posted in the making of this comment . 
  and turkey , on the other hand , is a beacon of progress and hope that in no way has ruthlessly oppressed kurdish people for decades !, 
  these people were born in germany . 
  guess what , these people were born in germany , and most likely their parents were , too . 
  they may feel turkish/kurdish , but they are german citizens . 
   using the denial of the armenian genocide in order to back anti-kurdish sentiments has there ever been a more stereotypically turkish nationalist comment made than this one ? 
  in comparison to the country that actually orchestrated the genocide , yeah . 
  how about supporting the peshmerga and the ypg ? 
  secular , progressive . 
  ho.ly.shit . 
  you actually did it . 
  you actually literally said nazis were good . 
   tsipras  far left remind me how syriza seized the means of production , armed the working class and banned currency ? 
  lmao those people are islamic conservatives . 
  it 's funny how austria literally has no parties that are fully electable . 
  yeah , it is pretty similar . 
  it 's bait . 
  it does n't annoy me ... 
  even though i believe you , i simply ca n't accept that . 
  either i 'm extremely stupid or the anti-romania propaganda has worked well on me . 
  eh , arguing with people here stopped being annoying months ago . 
  now it 's mostly sad . 
  color associated with ultra-nationalism and the far-right . 
  yeah , the guy was extremely reasonable , and , well , * normal * . 
  you know that this is n't the actual ama , right ? 
  the ama is the link the post leads to . 
  ask the question there , i want to see his response , too . 
  he wants an answer that will prove this person is `` intolerant '' or `` nom-secular '' . 
  it 's like asking a ceo of an oil industry `` do you want to destroy the world ? '', 
  it 's a typical bait question . 
  i 'll admit i do n't know quite a lot about bucharest , and i 'm obviously biased since i only hear bad things about it in the media , but come on , vienna is easily twice as safe as bucharest . 
  you 're asking a question that obviously wants to bait him to say something you disagree with , so that you can say `` see ? 
  i knew they were all radical islamists '' . 
  he 's asking a question , expecting to get a response he disagrees with , so he can point his finger and shout `` radical islam '' !, 
  if i asked you if you were offended if i burned the flag of your country and it 's constitution , and you said , yes , would that make you a nationalist ? 
  of course not , in the same way not wanting your holy book to be burned does n't make you radical . 
  you 're asking an extremely unfair and biased question , and when someone points out how redundant it is , they 're censoring you ? 
  did i censor you ? 
  no , everyone is entitled to their shitty , biased opinions .
