  i mean , he talks about how many arabs there are and * when he goes out on the street * , he hears arabic . 
  sounds like exactly the kind of stuff you 'd find out taking a walk through there . 
  / r/europe : because syria is n't real and economic migration is literally hitler . 
  except when migrants in question are from the balkan . 
  i doubt that immigrant population in ireland comes from refugees or economical african migrants . 
  i think the vast majority are other europeans and brits . 
  55 % are rejected if the refusal rate is 55 % , not 45 % . 
   but most of the actually escape and just stay illegal what ? 
  literally never heard that the majority of deportees do n't get deported . 
  source on that please . 
  yes , duh , there are arabs . 
  there are also not arabs , and not a few . 
  yeah , there are more than usual for sure , but definitely not anywhere near , say half the people there , let alone enough to warrant calling it `` arab strasse '' . 
  that is such trash . 
  people who commit those kind of hatecrimes are almost exclusively part of gangs and far-right organizations . 
  i 'll send you some square meters in the mail . 
  i 've been to the sonnenallee , and the place is full of hipsters and non-arab people , but of course tabloid journalism makes bigger headlines than `` street in neuk\u00f6ln still normal '' . 
  so it 's not 800,000 people , but less than half . 
  i did n't call you a racist , and i 'm fairly certain you are not ( judging by what you wrote before and after you mentioned your poc friends ) , i simply stated that the `` black friends '' excuse is used extremely often by people who are in fact racist in order to discredit their racist remarks . 
  apologies if i made myself unclear . 
  uh , when did i connect brooklyn to black people ? 
  i was talking about the u.s. as a whole , and i mentioned brooklyn because that 's the place in the u.s. where i feel the strongest connection . 
  let 's be real here : the type of assholes who set fire to asylum centers have been like this for longer than 6 months . 
  they have been extreme for years , maybe decades , are probably deeply involved with neo-nazi and skinhead organizations , and are only using the momentum of the current crisis to get away with their crimes . 
  what ? 
  my mom 's from brooklyn , dude . 
  i spent all my summers there . 
  i know nyc . 
  i think that 's the funniest thing about it . 
  some blue-collar builders immediately saw it as a picnic bench , but expert archeologists thought it was a millennia-old monolith . 
  yes , neo-colonialism is a thing and it completely and undeniably corresponds to what the u.s. has done in the past century . 
  as a leftist i suggest we take the current refugees , because let 's face it , we do have enough space in the entire eu , and we find out why economic migrants leave their countries ( since as you all insist it has nothing to do with war and human rights abuses ) and then try and fixing that problem by backing anti-corruption organizations , msf , amnesty international , etc. 
  yes , the professional economist has no idea what he 's talking about , but / u/cjekov here has it all figured out . 
  yeah , let 's give in to terrorists !, 
  it 's a typical escape tactic of racists to insist that since they have black friends , they `` ca n't possibly be racist '' . 
  it 's exactly the same as when the far-right austrian politician strache says he is n't racist against turks because he `` eats kebab '' . 
  are you a `` leftist '' advocating colonialism ? 
  holy shit , just when you think you 've seen it all ... 
  you are not a leftist . 
  you are some weird liberal `` progressive '' creature that crawled into the center-left by accident and stayed there . 
  and yes , isis has supply lines . 
  they control ridicolous amounts of oil fields and sell it for millions on a daily basis . 
  saudi arabia is easily one of the worst nations in the world . 
  if it were n't for their stupid black gold , we would n't event talk to that country . 
  critizing saudi arabia is a bad thing now ? 
  i do n't think syria will exist after this conflict . 
  so why have the kurds being conducting offensives beyond their people 's land ? 
  the kurds no longer defend , now they attack , and their goal is to destroy isis . 
  assad is a human rights abuser and a war criminal . 
  i 'll rather back the peshmerga and the ypg , the only real secular and progressive forces . 
  they do n't have a working infrastructure , a school system , a functioning prison system , a fair justice system , etc. 
  the syrian government is nothing more than a bunch of generals at the moment . 
  yeah , they probably would have died in syria somewhere . 
  much better . 
  exactly my feelings . 
  i live in a 200 square meter apartment with 2 other people , why the fuck do i deserve so much wealth when others have so little ? 
  fuck this worlds inequality . 
  in the sense of syria being claimed by 4 different factions , and that the biggest mass of syria is being controlled by a quasi-fascist islamic terror state that executes people on a daily basis . 
  actually , how exactly * does * syria still exist ? 
  tbh i was in the us for a month this summer and that 's pretty much all that was on television and in the newspapers ( plus tabloid journalism and minus the nsa stuff ) . 
  woah mikl-leitner said that ?!, 
  i never heard something so not-stupid from her !, 
  considering syria as a state does n't even really exist any more , it does make you a valid asylum seeker . 
  til only women and children are allowed to flee warzones . 
  i remember when the fp\u00d6 still was a moderate right-wing party that primarily stood for a free market economy and a small government . 
  i did n't like them back then , but at least they were n't the far-right jackbooted skin heads they are now . 
  do you know anything about austria ? 
  we 've all had more asylum applications per capita than your country last year . 
  what fucking century am i in ??? 
  how is it that all the long-dead clich\u00e9s and stereotypes about le nationalist britbong and le lazy greek are all revived here ? 
  tbh , sweden is nicer than the uk in pretty much everything . 
  the infinite stereotypical jokes about polish people i hear when visiting friends in england kinda pushed me in that direction . 
   the feminist approach . 
  snowden is a true hero . 
  he gave up his freedom of movement , his job , and his homeland in order to tell us what our own governments were hiding from us . 
  i hope monuments are erected in his honor one day . 
   using hitler and lenin in the same sentence as if their actions are comparable vomiting.gif, 
  should n't have created fire in the first place . 
  strange days we live in . 
  coming from america , the home of school shootings , that 's a pretty big statement . 
  dude , i just came back from a monthly vacation in new york state . 
  the amount of soldiers in grand central station alone is ridicolous . 
  should n't have occupied and abused algeria for centuries . 
  uhh ...  ** `` we should not less muslims come inside our border . 
  it is best for europe . 
  '' ** - / u/fearlessclone kinda sounds like muslims would be the end of europe to me . 
  poor bosnia . 
  isis could definitely be compared to nazism in many ways . 
  then it 's only a matter of time until turkey , which is already not a very rich state , can no longer sustain 8 million refugees , and far-right parties like the mhp get elected , and you do n't want to know what comes next . 
  replace immigrant with jewish and you 're the greatest nazi i 've ever seen . 
   has rights  should n't exercise them, 
  because of those pesky human rights !, 
  i , too , aspire my country to become like a soviet state . 
  they dont practice ramadan , they dont wear any form of headscarves and they drink alcohol . 
  please stop thinking you understand people from different cultures because you read / r/europe comments . 
  oh , he 's only my better friend , i know about a dozen syrians that i can call friends , most of them working class . 
  aside from visiting a mosque a few times a year and eating halal they do n't commit to anything religious . 
  lol tell that to any iranian and they will laugh in your face . 
  yes . 
  a syrian guy named naji is one of my best friends .
