  no , we got one a few years back , i believe . 
  ^ i ^ hate ^ it, 
  mozart was born in salzburg , not part of germany . 
  he saw himself as an austrian and composed music in vienna for the emperor . 
  sissi was born in the bavarian kingdom , not germany at the time . 
  she later became the empress of austria . 
  i am so fucking sick and tired of this circlejerk quote being used every time mozart or hitler get mentioned . 
  it was funny the first 10 million times , now it just devolves into neurotic dismissal of austrian heritage . 
  this the first time i 've been called pro-american in my life . 
  i 'm extremely critical of the u.s. , but i 'm also not a complete dumbass . 
  how exactly is it worse than than the soviet union or yugoslavia ? 
  in yugoslavia , you had the right to travel , the right to vote in municipal elections , hell , you were even allowed to voice critiscism publicly ( not as progressive as the rest of europe , but still light years ahead of north korea ) . 
  the soviet union is different . 
  you could compare north korea today to the ussr under stalin during the great purges . 
  the difference is that the soviet union moved on from that terror ( at least they calmed down a little bit ) , which north korea still has n't done . 
  if you think that north korea is n't almost exclusively responsible for their own misery , you should really inform yourself . 
  under kim jong-il , a monumental new policy was enacted , known as `` military first '' . 
  basically , all economy and resources were to be turned towards war , which crippled the economy and caused massive humanitarian disasters as peasants had to give up their crops to feed training soldiers . 
  lastly , north korean labour camps are n't prisons like here in the west , or even in russia . 
  they are like early nazi concentration camps , and are one of the worst humanitarian disasters in the 21st century . 
  your extreme denial of this medieval terror state is shocking . 
  1 % is the highest percentage in the word , even higher than the us . 
  also , these camps are n't prisons like ours , they are more comparable to early nazi concentration camps like dachau . 
  it 's the birth year of the candidates , these are the presidential elections , not the parliamentary ones . 
  i 'm all for opposing the massive anti-russian circlejerk that exists on this sub , but do n't act like north korea is n't a totalitarian monarchy . 
  more than 1 % of north korea 's citizens live in labour camps , where they are subjected to cruel torture and punishment ( inmates are beaten up for fun , pregnant women have their stomachs carved open and the fetus ripped out of them , etc ) . 
  and if you are suspected of showing doubt towards the governments policies , you and your entire family are in jeopardy of being executed or sent to labour camps for decades or even the rest of your life . 
  escape is near impossible . 
  free expression is impossible . 
  basic human rights are laughed at in this terror state that will hopefully be the last of its kind on this earth . 
  north korea is a hellhole . 
  do n't you dare act otherwise . 
  no , the middle class is not the working class . 
  they 're literally completely different . 
  whilst it is true that the middle class in america flourished and expanded in the 1950 's , the working class still saw massive poverty . 
  if you were a white , middle-class moderately conservative american , life was great . 
  however if you were : a minority , a leftist , a member of the working class or if you were even suspected of being somewhat doubtful of the us ' actions in the rest of the world , your life was not quite as glamorous . 
   great writers ... that were persecuted by the government under cointelpro operations . 
  seriously , the '50s were * not * the romantic utopia people think they were . 
  nato did some atrocious shit in asia and in latin america . 
  not everything you disagree with is evil propaganda . 
  and he would have gotten away with it , if not for you meddling yanks !, 
  a coup happens of you have power , support is irrelevant . 
  he 's quoting karl marx . 
  `` religion is the opium of the masses . 
  it makes addictive and decadent . '', 
  or something among those lines . 
  i 'm quite religious , yet still remain a communist , and i have to semi-agree with old karl here . 
  religion definitely makes people addictive to it , and it can lead to lots of destruction . 
  could be said for a lot of things though . 
  yup , the austrian netflix is absolutely dreadful . 
  i only use it for american tv shows though , so i 'm satisfied , more or less . 
  you 're not wrong , however the official law making homosexuality legal was written in 1932 , the soviet law was passed in the early '20s . 
  but that exists for every country !, 
  should i say angola has such unique banknotes because they feature something distinctly angolan ? 
  by that logic , every bill is unique . 
  and if everything is unique , nothing is . 
  oh , so the dollar bills are unique because abraham lincoln is on it , and no other country has that ? 
  give me a break . 
  the composition and visuals of the american dollar bill , as much as i love them , is far from unique . 
  oh please . 
  lenin did n't destroy russia 's economy in the slightest , he emerged the victor from a bloody world war and a bloodier civil war . 
  he brought electricity to almost every village in the union , something that was only reserved to the ultra-rich elite under the tsars regime . 
  the cheka is not something to be proud about , true . 
  keep in mind however that a civil war was rageing , misstrust , backstabbing and mutinies were rampant . 
  does n't justify slaughtering the innocent , i know , but it 's not all that black and white . 
  you 're quite correct with the rest , but let me remind you one more time : civil war . 
  you want to win a war , you squash the resistance . 
  yes , it 's tough , gruesome and brutal , but no other country would have done otherwise . 
  and lastly , you say that the soviet union sucked from day one . 
  i can not bring myself to agree with this . 
  lenin emancipated the working class , for the first time peasant kids could go to school for free , learn to read and write and have all the job possibilities that anyone else had . 
  lenin legalised homosexuality , the first nation in europe to do so . 
  lenin 's government had more women in power than any other country in history ( his wife even served as minister of education ) . 
  lenin was no saint , true . 
  but he was not an all-round demon . 
  really ? 
  almost every currency has bills like yours , with a face of an important person , a historic building and a motto on it . 
  i think germany has done enough concentrating for now . 
  please link me an article from this month in which the us gets called fascist , and the majority of the comments wildly agree with this . 
  also , i am not defending stalin . 
  he was a terrible man who fucked over all what lenin had achieved and forever ruined russia 's view on marxism . 
  toppling a democratic government , installing a puppet leader and economically and militarilly pillaging the country and it 's people . 
  well , they made alliances with dictatorships like south vietnam , indonesia , cuba , iran ( after they installed their puppet ) , brazil , and a dozen more . 
  the french tree is beautiful : http://www.ibiblio.org/theeuro/images/coins.nat/france.s01/100.jpg, 
  yeah , they look like play money . 
  next marth 15 , on the day poland and germany shared a democratic country , i 'll post that here . 
  ok , let me correct : in this case , the commenter above asked a rhetoric question that was made to minimize the fact that the u.s. had very good relations with a fascist dictatorship . 
  i do n't want to slaughter hundreds of thousands of my soldiers and citizens , guess i 'm a pussy , too . 
  in this case , the commenter above asked if there was any similar case where the u.s. did something comparable to the soviet union in poland . 
  someone already did it for me . 
  i 'm sorry , but in that case you should have said `` the nation of iceland since it 's independence in 1918 '' instead of just iceland . 
  no , but the u.s. and the u.k. agreed to share the middle east and iran together . 
  or does that not count ? 
  russia became an independent nation in 1991 . 
  does that nullify all the crimes that happened there beforehand ? 
  when you refer to iceland , you 're talking about icelandic culture and icelandic heritage . 
  off the top of my head : raping and pillaging vikings . 
  all countries have horrible pasts , but some are simply more horrible . 
  you have to think of context .
