  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_in_north-west_pakistan 11 year long armed conflict . 
  most pakistanis get accepted because they are actually fleeing a warzone . 
  none of you even care to do the most basic research . 
  reform branch is n't . 
  wahhabism , for instance . 
  well , yes . 
  ultra-orthodox judaism is more prevalent than ultra-conservative islam , in terms of percentages . 
  excellent response , man . 
  i do n't agree with everything you said , but i see this as a reasonable and level headed idea . 
  could you answer my question please . 
  so because they have `` close connections '' to a me country makes them middle eastern ? 
  well , i guess japan is american then . 
  and that speech thing is true , but they still speak a different language and this also happens in countries like mali which are n't considered middle eastern either . 
  ethnically , pakistan is n't middle eastern . 
  geographically , pakistan is n't middle eastern . 
  linguistically , pakistan is n't middle eastern . 
  sure , they 're both muslim and they both have troubles with terrorism , but aside from that , pakistan is as different from , say , lebanon as egypt is from south africa . 
  and that is huge . 
  it all started with my mother , * herr doktor * ... 
  so being ethnically non-white makes you commit more crimes ? 
  what ? 
  sorry , the name given for it in german translates to what i said earlier , did n't know it was different in english . 
  when did you mention the croatian war of independence ? 
  you never said what you were talking about , so i naturally assumed it was ww2 !, 
  the `` greater middle east '' is not the `` middle east '' , hence the title `` greater '' . 
  `` greater europe '' encompasses azerbaijan , but none of us call it a european nation . 
  plus , pakistan , as your source explains , is only called part of the middle east during g8 conventions , and is therefore irrelevant for the rest of the time . 
  no , you 'll find out people with less resources and worse future prospects commit the most crime , and you 'll find out the descendants of immigrants are born into bad environments with bad schools that do n't lead anywhere and are left with either a life of poverty or a life of crime . 
  but the world is a lot easier to understand when it 's all black and white , huh ? 
  and who cares if their kids do n't go to school and the young adults have to stay unoccupied and bored for several years , right ? 
  it 's not as though they 're real people or anything ,, 
  muslims get killed all the time for being the wrong group in pakistan , or did you think all 1 billion muslims were just one big family who all have the same nefarious goals ? 
  pakistan is partially controlled by violent extremist groups like al-qaida and the taliban , it is an extremely dangerous and unstable country that experiences terrorism and death almost every single day . 
  frankly , this comment is gross . 
  we all know that pakistan is , for the most part , an awful place to live in and we all know that pakistanis living in areas affected by terrorism have refugee rights . 
  yet you people still act like as long as you are n't in a civil fucking warzone you can not possibly be a refugee . 
  and some people here even think that syrian refugees should be forced back to syria so they can `` clean up what they started '' . 
  it is amongst the worst things i have seen on this place in the 2 years of being here and it quite honestly scares me . 
  edit : guess what downvote-savy fucktards . 
  there is a war in pakistan and it has been ongoing for over a decade , with no end in sight . 
  i mean , if he would have done this out of reasons related to his culture/religion , then it 's definitely important to mention that he 's pakistani . 
  but if it 's just some awful asshole trying to rape someone , then i do n't see how it 's entirely relevant to mention it , let alone make a reddit post . 
  should we make posts every time immigrants jaywalk or litter , too ? 
   pakistan  middle east pakistan borders china . 
  it is not the middle east . 
   in addition , the soviet union claimed to have developed an automated mass insect breeding facility , capable of outputting millions of parasitic insects per day . 
  i wonder if that factory is now still functioning somewhere in tajikistan or something . 
  where did he specify we were talking about the yugoslav civil war ? 
  oh , i 'm well aware that the croatian section of the yugoslav partisans was very important and deserve lots of praise for smashing the occupiers . 
  but how is it the wrong war ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  so the usta\u0161e did n't exist ? 
  really ? 
  times change . 
  were n't most croatians who fought part of the fascist usta\u0161e who collaborated with the nazis and were so strongly supported that the yugoslav partisans , most of which were serbs , had to take them down ? 
  you have a strange view of your country 's history . 
  at least it 's not brixton . 
  yeah , scum for not wanting to live under an economically crippled and corrupt bourgeois democracy . 
  i recognize that now . 
  it is actually quite funny . 
  i feel like the incessant arguing this past week has made me blind to jokes . 
  for islam , 1 % would already be over 10 million people . 
  that is not the case at all . 
  like it or not , in terms of percentages , judaism has far more extremists , than islam . 
  and you know what ? 
  this has nothing to do with what religion they are part of , and all to do with how they were raised and in what environment . 
  two opposing opinions , followed by two fallacies . 
  these two comments might just perfectly demonstrate was discussion in / r/europe has become . 
  ukraine 's problems with gay rights are huge as well . 
  as long as it 's not the same old immigration drivel , i welcome every new post trend here . 
  i thought they should have included everyone 's daily 4-hour nap and them starting dinner at 1 am . 
  noske was a traitor to his own partisans and his beliefs . 
  he talked of socialism and then collaborated with aristocrats in order to assassinate protesting workers . 
  be prepared to witness a budapest that is still 99 % unchanged . 
  always charming to see refugees represented as zombie-like evil creatures . 
  posting a random number based on pure fear-mongering and speculation intended to demonize refugees from war-torn countries . 
  you still took part and you are still partially to blame . 
  `` they forced us to go to a war we had no connections to and we were ok with it . '', 
  i would have expected something less servile from those countries . 
  yeah , and so what if they die and their children are orphans living in atrocious refugee camps in lebanon with no future but crime and prostitution ? 
  you can only prove your love to your country by dying for it , even if you do n't support any of the current combatants , a dictator , islamists , worse islamists , and kurds who are just looking for a safe way to gain independence !, 
  damn , i hope you 're right . 
  there 's been so much stupidity in this sub , often i ca n't tell serious posts from satire . 
  relax , i live on the g\u00fcrtel . 
  they 're fine . 
  the anti-turkish people are all either people who live in places with no turks or people who are poor and have a lack of decent education which makes them blame the turks for everything . 
  next headline : mushrooms around estonia poisoned by kgb agents, 
  how does buying german products and spending money on german services not help the german economy ? 
  found the fp\u00d6 voter . 
   eastern european country kreisky-laughing . gif but honestly , do you actually believe this ? 
  austria is by no means eastern european , we are quite western and very 1st world . 
  edit : i have learned two things today . 
  that was a joke and i am stupid . 
  ok that last one is actually hilarious . 
  i really doubt you are an actual former refugee , because all the ones i 've known and spoken too have always shown solidarity for those escaping war . 
  if you want to live a life in which you are n't trapped in some atrocious refugee camp in jordan , you sometimes have to break laws . 
  lol what even is this argument . 
  germany earns over 1 trillion euros a year , they can easily afford 3 billion . 
  i feel like estonians on reddit are incapable of talking about anything except how independent they are and how russia is going to invade them any second now . 
  a few days back , one even said that estonia alone could take on russia in a war because `` we won last time '' .
