  does it being born in a country , growing up in it , speaking it 's language , going to it 's schools , working in it 's companies and celebratin it 's holidays make you part of the country ? 
  i would think so . 
  well , you edited your post now , so i guess you understood what i meant . 
  i 'm a pretty hardline marxist and i 've spoken to a member of kke once in a communist meeting in vienna . 
  holy marx these people are stupid . 
  no understanding of materialism , no understanding of capitalism , no acknowledgment of crimes committed in the name of communism , etc. 
  ignorant stalinists . 
  do you know what `` forcing '' means ? 
  they recommended them no to vote . 
  stop pushing your stupid propaganda . 
  * the greater good *, 
  * yeah motherfucker *, 
  the problem with this article is that it confuses tradition with extremism . 
  the authot notes how men and women are separated , as if that was something extreme and radical . 
  that 's the way it 's been for centuries , and countless jewish groups ( like the ashkenazi ) practice in similar , if not more segregated , ways . 
  same thing for the veil . 
  of course , it depends on how far you take it until it actually becomes fundamentalist abuse towards women , but wearing a light veil in a mosque has no connection to radical islam . 
  once again , several jewish groups force women to wear wigs and shave their hair , and they are by no means radicals . 
  ( please understand that i am not accusing jews of terrorism , i just think it 's a just comparison . ), 
  the whole thing gets even more confusing when the author brings the mi6 and british patriotism into this . 
  why should n't muslims , born and raised in the uk , be allowed to be proud of the country or join the secret service ? 
  if the author could actually mention real signs of radical islam , lile pro-jihad chanting , displaying terrorist banners or asking young muslims to engage in holy war , then he would have a point . 
  but he ca n't find any of that . 
  living in vienna , a city with over 300 000 muslims , i have several muslim friends , whom i went to a mosque with a few months ago . 
  i took off my shoes , went into the male section and went on my knees , awaiting the imam . 
  when he arrived , it was a young man with a shortly trimmed beard and glasses . 
  he talked for a while about how we must have faith in islam and in ourselves , and then wished us health to our families . 
  nothing more . 
  in which the right-wing dictatorship faction was backed by western states . 
  it did n't smack any sense into him , unfortunately . 
  wow , you summed it up perfectly . 
  that 's * exactly * how it went . 
  kke is not voting . 
  they said they are against both yes and no . 
  they never compared the german government to nazi . 
  never . 
  you are creating bullshit propaganda in an attempt to discredit a democratically elected government . 
  c'mon , stop shouting that edgy , one-lined trash . 
  it makes us left-wingers who try to discuss reasonably look bad . 
  lmao so it 's tsipras fault now ? 
  even though the crisis has been going on for half a decade ? 
  you people are hilarious in the worst way possible . 
  of * course * he does n't . 
  the word he used does n't define terrorism as we see it , it is closer to fear-mongering . 
  see top comment . 
  some idiots ? 
  strache got 28 % , which places his far-right freedom party first !, 
  this is not just a small group of idiot making noise , this is a huge part of the country !, 
  you 've played too many video games . 
  go back to school . 
  he got 28 % on the last opinion polls . 
  sometimes i really hate the austrians . 
  yes , teach me about my own country , please . 
  not like i was born there , raised there , speak with a local accent , and have family going back to the fucking 12th century living there . 
  no , please , enlighten me . 
  i 'm sure the mod of us-circlejerk subs such as / r/americaisbad and / r/europeisperfect can give me a balanced , fair , unbiased resum\u00e9 of the 1100 years austria has existed . 
  the kurds are the main thing keeping isis out of turkey . 
  pray to whatever god you believe in that the kurds keep fighting , because syria and iraq are fucked without them . 
  i do n't even get what the point of this is . 
  belittling my country ? 
  do n't worry , we austrians do that enough on our own . 
  what crimes have they committed ? 
  aside from not having the same opinions as you , of course . 
  are you honestly comparing syriza to communists ? 
  yeah , i know , they 're spooky leftists , but they have n't asked for an armed proletariat , they have n't asked for class war and they have n't advocated a collectivization of the means of production , so calling them communists is pretty damn ignorant . 
  several things surprise me about this comment . 
  1 ) yes , we definitely have issues with racism , but it is legitimately becoming less each year . 
  it 's not like america does n't have their own problems concerning race . 
  2 ) literally no idea what this means . 
  most people in europe do n't act one specific way , because were kinds diverse and this is n't some video game where all hundreds of millions of us think exactly alike . 
  the only thing i could of where people would act `` aggressive '' towards tourists is when they do something legitimately unacceptable . 
  this happens very often with asian and american tourists ( i saw american students climb on to church altars to make pictures with their phones ) . 
  so maybe you messed up somehow and are n't aware of it . 
  3 ) less than u.s. 
  nationalism , at least in the western countries for sure . 
  4 ) sure , not every village in austria is fucking disneyland , but this counts for literally every country in the history of countries , * especially * the united states , which is extremely boring outside of cities . 
  definitely , add to that the fact that austria enjoyed good relations with the soviet union and always distanced itself from the u.s. sphere of influence ( or at least tried to ) . 
  really ? 
  maybe in scandinavian countries , but here in austria being american never makes anyone particularly unique . 
  usually , it 's greeted with a response of `` ah , cool . '', 
  and then a change of topic . 
  that 's not the impression i get whenever i visit my family in new england . 
  all i ever hear is `` you 're so lucky '' , `` i wish i could live in europe '' , etc. 
  also , the second you mention you 're from europe in the u.s. , you almost instantly become the most interesting person in the room . 
  it did n't get removed , though ? 
  like , it 's on the front page ? 
  you do n't get called a nazi , stop victimizing yourself . 
  someone pointed out that this post has a ridiculous amount of upvotes , which indicates that brigading from far-right subs happened . 
  thank you . 
  i know most people would n't care , but as a leftie , i 've considered leaving many times because of how toxic some parts of this sub have become . 
  / u/savannajeff is a pretty cool guy . 
  i used to dislike him because he was pro-ttip , but i stopped caring when i realized that he legitimately cared about discussions and debates . 
  i do n't despise you , u/savannajeff . 
  even though we 've argued quite a lot in the past , and politically , we 're practically opposites , i still think you 're one of the most reasonable members of this community . 
  so how does that give them any power ? 
  they are a political laughing stock and everybody knows this . 
  okay , i 'm still as confused as i was 2 comments ago . 
  which far-left groups have any power in finland , or europe ? 
  they are extremely underfunded , split , small factions that rarely ever get any news coverage whatsoever . 
  they are virtually irrelevant to the european political landscape .
