   if i buy myself a bible and a koran and burn them for fun yeah . 
  great questions . 
  there is a literal fucking city in the sewer system below bucharest that houses criminals , orphans and drug addicts . 
  the government has done nothing to change this . 
  does that sound in any way acceptable to you ? 
  and brilliant indian engineers . 
  and the use of slave labour in colonies across the world . 
  yeah , i never said it was some kind of horrible dystopia , but let 's face it , bucharest is n't exactly nice either . 
  underground junkie city , remember ? 
  also , at least vienna 's mayor does n't have to be replaced on a yearly basis due to corruption . 
  listen . 
  when i called the polish soldier `` random '' , i was not trying to disrespect him in any way . 
  since we were talking about islamic terrorism , i was looking at it from the perspective of a terrorist , to whom this soldier was not killed due to being polish , but due to fighting in afghanistan under a nato flag . 
  he was n't killed because he was polish . 
  that 's what makes him random to his murderers . 
  the underground crime den has nothing to do with gypsies . 
  most of the residents are orphans who were let lose once the state orphanages closed in the 90 's . 
  once the pope is n't recognized by catholics , they can stop calling themselves catholics . 
  that is not , in any way , what jesus preached . 
  you people are catholics because you like conservatism and `` european values '' , but really , you do n't give a shit about christianity . 
  the motherfucking pope , the literal head of catholicism , the fucking * voice of god * , has asked every church and monastery to take in refugees . 
  surely , a country as catholic as poland would agree with this , no ? 
  cool , i 'll protest against americans in austria because i 'll be `` preventing torture of untried civilians from happening '' . 
  obviously not all americans promote torture . 
  and just as obviously the vast majority of muslim immigrants have zero connection to terrorism . 
  uh , pretty much every single living index ever published . 
  vienna is the # 1 city in the world for many qualities , and belgrade is always amongst the lowest in europe . 
  hell , romania is in such bad shape , their capital bucharest literally has a junkie crime den city in it 's empty sewer system ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=twadpgdskcm ), 
  `` poland '' does not mean `` some random polish soldier fighting under a nato flag half a world away from poland '' . 
  if poland was involved in iraq , and helped destabilize the country , then it has a natural responsibility to take in the refugees from that country . 
  also , i understand poland is a very christian country . 
  what was that little thing jesus preached about loving your next ? 
  no , the idea that an officer killed in duty in a country on the side of the world fighting a conflict ongoing for decades now can be attributed to `` islamic terrorism in poland '' is ridiculous . 
  actually , most balkan capitals have massive problems with street crime and violence . 
  i mean , belgrade is a complete mess in comparison to vienna . 
  if a power plant is being built , or nuclear weaponry is being deployed , then people living in those areas have every reason to be afraid of consequences . 
  however , if a country that has never witnessed mass muslim immigration or islamic terrorism draws massive crowds in protests against those things , it is more than a little bit suspicious . 
  that is ridiculous and proves my point perfectly . 
  they are born into poverty , in bad neighbourhoods , going to bad schools , which gives them bad career options . 
  yeah , fuck einstein , mark twain , george orwell , dalton trumbo , sergei eisenstein , helen keller , and a billion other left-wingers . 
  hitler is the far better alternative , right ? 
  there are exactly zero demonstrations against nuclear war and ethnic cleansing in austria , let alone ones in which thousands attend like the one in warsaw here . 
  you can not call a semite and anti-semite , unless they are suicidal masochists . 
  better safe than smart would be more accurate . 
  you know that syrians are semites , right ? 
  how concerned of them . 
  tell me , when was the last time poland was a direct victim of islamic terorrism ? 
  literally all of that can be explained by poverty and class difference . 
  fascism is doubtlessly far-right . 
  ultra-nationalism , militarism , sexism , ethnic supremacy and corporatism are all key values of fascism and are all decisively right-winged . 
  bolshevism existed decades before fascism and aside from being authoritarian it has literally no connections to the far-right ideology . 
  i 've lived in this country my whole life . 
  the fp\u00d6 makes demands all the fucking time , no immigration , no eu , no mosques , etc. 
  those demands always go on without a result . 
  `` wahltermin.at '' has not been updated in almost half a year . 
  it is not reliable . 
  * suggested * , as in not happening yet , or not necessarily happening ever . 
  nah , most of them are fine , really . 
  he literally never said he was giving argentina the falklands . 
  literally never . 
  possible is the key word . 
  this was mentioned once months ago and has not been touched upon since . 
  also , this website hasnt been updated in months . 
  it lists elections in may 2015 as `` upcoming '' . 
  okay , please link a source that backs up your statement concerning austria closing the border . 
  maybe , * just maybe * , corbyn liked the idea of good relations with another country . 
  well whatever you heard was fearmongering bullshit , because that is not true in any way . 
  the only upcoming elections are those in vienna next month , in which the sp\u00d6 still leads the polls by a considerable margin . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  except step 1 never happened . 
  we are . 
  we have taken far more than finland . 
  the elections are only in vienna , they have literally nothing to do with the national government , i.e. 
  the one that makes the decisions on the quotas . 
  fp\u00d6 is not expect to win , they are expected to be the second biggest party after the pro-immigration sp\u00d6 . 
  half of those 800,000 are from the balkans . 
   redditor for one day how unsuspicious . 
  well memed , good sir . 
  are we really comparing corbyn to a literal fascist ? 
  coming soon . 
  he said he is open to leaving nato , not that he actually wants to do it . 
  he said he wants to start a conversation with argentina about the falklands in an attempt to make the relations better . 
  literally never said anything about giving it back to them . 
  seriously , the anti-corbyn propaganda is strong with some people . 
  the tories tolerate tax evasion because all their rich buddies from the middle east and russia practice it . 
  also , none of those things sound `` spooky '' to me , except maybe the prospect of leaving nato . 
  like him or not , one thing needs to be said : the labour party stopped being left in the 1980 's , they have been quasi-centrist ever since . 
  i hope corbyn will shake this up a little . 
  psc is barely even centre-left and cdc is a liberal centrist party . 
   likely french president in 2017 lmao what a stupid title, 
  there is no chance in hell the fp\u00d6 will become the biggest party , let alone win a landslide victory . 
  i agree with that , he definitely betrayed himself and eveything he stood for by doing certain things . 
  but hey , who has n't ? 
  * trotsky , you 're gon na have to do me a real solid here . 
  take this copy of kapital , and shove it waaaaay up your butthole . 
  are peoples genuinely still shocked that lenin made some harsh decisions during a * fucking civil war * ? 
  if you play soft in war , you die . 
  all sides did horrible things , the whites , the reds , the mensheviks , but people only ever mentions how evil lenin was for trying his best to win the war . 
  the us and the uk have done stuff ten times worse in order to win conflicts . 
  nah , in catalonia , all left-wing parties are pro-independence .
