  i 'm still wondering how anarchist and maoist organizations play into this . 
  the ultra-left is probably the weakest group on the political spectrum in all of europe . 
  that 's very valid criticism . 
  however , if the all-power leftist agenda on / r/europe would be as strong as you say it is , around 50 % of all commenters would already have been banned . 
  this is not the case . 
  trigger warnings are definitely a real thing , especially for veterans and rape victims . 
  belittling trauma is horrific . 
  yup , reddit , an american corporation that makes profit off of advertisement is totally leftist . 
  because that 's how it works . 
  because the ultra-left has any power whatsoever in finland ? 
  or anywhere in europe , for that matter ? 
  half of my family died in concentration camps you disgusting piece of shit . 
  do not compare me to the man who slaughtered my ancestors . 
  most of which struggle to remain centre-left . 
  actual , hardline left-wing parties are quite weak . 
  but * that * did n't start ww2 . 
  the western powers declared war on germany , not the soviet union . 
  c'mon , the soviet union was n't even led by a russian at the time . 
  you said that `` left wing propaganda started in first grade '' , implying that the left had infiltrated the school system and was indoctrinating the youth with their filthy ideas . 
  i find that very funny , as my cold war class went : `` in the cold war , there were two opposing ideologies : ** democracy vs communism ** . 
  this is obviously total bullshit , as the west supported dozens of murderous dictatorships who happened to be pro-capitalism . 
  also , the cuban missile crisis was taught to me without any mention of turkey or how it was a reaction to the u.s. , effectively making it look like the soviets tried placing missiles there because `` why not '' . 
  and if academia is more left-wing , should n't that imply that higher education leads to more left-wing ideas haha ? 
  ( that 's an incredibly stupid statement from my side , please excuse me ) . 
  immigrant police in the eu might be more left-oriented , but the actual leaders and governments are overwhelmingly centre-right , and even the `` social democrats '' of europe are barely centre-left anymore . 
  russia started ww2 ? 
  aside from the fact that russia as an independent entity did n't even exist back then , do n't you kinda think it was the fucking germans who invaded poland , thus forcing france and the uk to declare war on them , kinda what started ww2 ? 
  jesus christ this subreddit . 
  that 's literally the point i was making . 
  thanks for agreeing with me . 
  ann coulter writes articles on that site . 
  we do n't need this ultra-conservative american trash here . 
  you 'd love stalin . 
  as a leftist , something that always surprised me was how much power i had , according to conservatives . 
  i mean , who cares that only a tiny handful of european governments are actually left-wing right , right ? 
  and that the majority is actually center-right ? 
  no , even though we are barely represented , we control education , like you clearly stated , we also control immigration , the press , and essentially all forms of media , even though right-wing tabloids rank amongst the most read `` newspapers '' in europe . 
  seriously , the left is extremely weak in europe , and acting otherwise is ridiculous . 
  yup , every single muslim unhappy with mohammed caricatures personally used a bomb to prove their point . 
  these totally were n't isolated incidents that occur about as often as christian extremism , right ? 
  are you sure that most persians are anti-islam ? 
  pretty much every man and woman from iran i have ever met , from all social classes , have been very critical of the islamic government but at the same time still proud of their muslim religion , even though they were moderates . 
  those are just some attributes , what about all the other things in which far left and right are total opposites ? 
  secularism and theocracy . 
  feminism and chauvinism . 
  post-nationalism and ultra-nationalism . 
  race equality and ethnic hierarchy . 
  means of production owned by the working class and corporatism . 
  let 's face it , the far left and far right are n't very similar in ideology , they only seem so similar because they both use violence to promote their ideas . 
  that 's really it . 
  why would they mention it ? 
  `` breaking news : french unions organize strike , migrants happen to be in vicinity '' ? 
  he 's talking about the other comments . 
  kinda like the real world , huh ? 
  what exactly did you find ? 
  `` comedy gold '' yeah , i always laugh my ass off when i get called a nazi for participating in an anti-racist demonstration . 
  ps : renewable energy is the future . 
  woah that 's true , i though the bottom was a 1:1 ratio . 
  hmm , that would mean everything i 've said so far about that is bullshit . 
  but i was so sure that russia had a woman-friendly parliament !, 
  lower means more mixed in terms of gender . 
  they are the parliament with the most female members . 
  i think it 's kind deeper than that , though . 
  in russia , for example , you have an extremely mixed parliament in terms of gender , which obviously descended from the soviet union , which was one of the first countries in the world to give women high positions of power ( ambassador , general , minister of education , etc. ) . 
  the u.k. never really had this kind of `` habit '' , so it 's still assumed that you vote `` one of the boys '' into parliament . 
  wrong . 
  religion was a class enemy . 
  jews were n't discriminated against more than catholics or muslims . 
  only until the `` affaire dreyfus '' at the start of the 20th century were jews perceived by communists/socialists as enemies to their goals . 
  france , an extremely important political landscape for europe , was forced to take sides in the condemnation of a jewish officer for treason ( it was later acknowledged that he was innocent ) and the right chose the anti-jewish path , whilst the left chose the pro-jewish path . 
  and aside some rare exceptions , it 's been closer to that ever since . 
  of course , this is changing now with palestine becoming a major topic within the left . 
  the word `` jewry '' is so fucking weird . 
  only `` ethnically '' , pretty much all communists were atheists and denounced organized religion . 
  the difference is that lenin was in the middle of a civil war , with half a dozen different factions all battling for power . 
  i do n't know about germany , but in austria , a huge part of the reconstruction was done by yugoslav workers . 
  `` you want some cool futuristic monument , huh ? 
  too bad , here 's another lenin . '', 
  i 'm somewhere between left and far-left and i hate antifa , too . 
  they are illiterate thugs . 
  this could be said for islam , too . 
  if the fn ca n't be blamed for this in any way , then islam ca n't be blamed in any way for jihad terrorism . 
  of course , islam is responsible for that kind of terrorism , and the fn is responsible for this kind of extremism , because they motivate people to do that kind of stuff . 
  the semi-religious , between working-and-middle-class muslim . 
  the majority of the muslim population is like this . 
   they support chavez and are against nato . 
  how are they still supporting chavez after he died , and his sucessor took over ? 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i think we 're both talking about different sides of feminism here : you seem to be tackling the more abstract and philosophical sides of the movement , whilst i was more referring to the practical , everyday use of feminism . 
  whether or not feminism manages to understand human nature is n't really relevant to most of the goals of the movement . 
  it could fully fail to comprehend anything about , say , evolutionary psychology , and still staunchly support the right to having an abortion , just to give an example . 
  whilst you seem to be critical of feminism on a higher , more theoretical level , which i can totally respect and understand , the vast majority of reddit sees feminism as some tumblr-driven crusade to take away the rights of man worldwide . 
  truly , i 've never seen someone on reddit criticize feminism for `` lacking scientific understanding of human nature '' ( aside from you , of course ) . 
  what i usually see is the typical rant against `` sjws '' , a term that has become synonymous to `` something i do n't like '' , and the usual mention of triggers , pronouns and tumblr . 
  so whilst you seem to be critical towards feminism due to its core ideology , the rest of reddit is critical towards it for entirely different and severely misinformed reasons . 
  i really do n't understand what you 're trying to tell me , maybe expand your vocabulary past that one multi-syllabled word . 
  certainly not the right to whine and bitch on the internet , that 's for sure . 
  the majority of reddit has this weird idea that feminism is only focused around trigger-words , pronoun-fanaticism and neurotic man-hatred . 
  none of that is true anywhere outside of tumblr . 
  the average feminist is someone who wants to create a world where rape , for both male and female , is neither ignored nor misdirected .
