  everything he said made perfect sense . 
  i think that pain in your head is your own stupidity . 
  please , everyone from austria drives to the east to get cheaper food and cigarettes . 
  those things cost at least a third less there than they do here . 
  those barely represent a fraction of syrians , and dont represent any refugees . 
   i hope you get raped and executed why do n't we ban people like this from this subreddit ? 
  if something so irrelevant makes headlines , it just proves how desperate the anti-immigration media is . 
   i deserve it more than some asshole who decided one day he was going to live in a first world country and then he made a perilous journey , often leaving behind crippling poverty and ultra-corrupt government , giving all he had left of his money to dubious smugglers , only to survive an extremely dangerous boat ride across the mediterranean to arrive in europe . 
  but yes , your middle-class ass deserves it more . 
  for what ? 
  this is the comment equivalent of stapling you eyes and ears shut , sitting in a corner of your room , and shouting incoherent rants about something you ca n't remember . 
  in here as in / r/europe ? 
  please . 
  first , they complain about how they should stop in countries like turkey and jordan instead of coming to europe , ignoring that those me nations are all overloaded , with no chance of a future , and a gateway to crime and prostitution for their children . 
  then , in their infinite wisdom , they accuse them of anything remotely negative , such as being rapists ( `` culture where no means yes '' ) , throwing away food ( picture of bread in trash can posted without source or context and blaming refugees ) and then accusing them of importing terrorism and sharia law ( ignoring that syrians are very moderate and quite secular . ), 
  then , once the refugees arrive here , they immediately resort to incessantly repeating the `` 800,000 '' number , also ignoring that those refer to applications , most of which come from the balkans , most of which will be rejected , and that number is only a prediction , not a truth . 
  and lastly , when all has failed , they resort to the lowest arguments they can think of : blaming the refugees for the civil war and then blaming them for isis . 
  it is truly disgusting how anti-refugee people are here , and saying it does n't exist is an obvious lie . 
  yeah , statistics like untitled pie charts that are n't complete with nonsensical titles , like one i received a few days ago . 
  it 's weird for us austrians too . 
  we forget we even have politicians if they do n't do something stupid every other day , but this comes as a big surprise . 
  they are also not real refugees . 
  that answes none of my questions but only shows me that anti-immigrations find one event that they deem important and hold on to it forever . 
  there are far more soldiers fighting isis than supporting it . 
  so it was n't assad who started the conflict by having his soldiers shoot into crowds of citizens demanding democracy and human rights ? 
  most of the food had already passed the bb date by several months . 
  inform yourselves . 
  or maybe people rather live than get tortured or killed , you know ? 
  and you ignore the millions who support assad , or rojava , or the ypg , or no one . 
  jugoslavia , the 1956 hungarian revolution , the collapse of the eastern bloc , etc. 
  geopolitics expert right here , accusing syrian refugees of starting the civil war . 
  the soldiers fighting for isis represent less than 1 % of syria 's population . 
  and syrians are revolting all the time against isis , where the fuck have you been ? 
  the bible and the quran both have the same level of importance in both religions . 
   easy way  war is this satire ? 
  all of this , literally * all * of what you said , could apply to christianity as well . 
  does that make secular christians hypocrites ? 
  does anyone hear know the real context ? 
  some questions : 1 ) besides from the facebook post , how do we know this bread had any connections to immigrants ? 
  2 ) if it was the immigrants , how likely is it a large group of them all simultaneously decided that the best way to improve their lives was to throw out bread ? 
  3 ) how do we know this bread was n't rejected for being a health hazard ? 
  4 ) why would immigrants even do this ? 
  this seems like some typical propaganda trying to make immigrants look bad in every possible way . 
  edit : every single downvote only reinforces what i already knew . 
  the quran was written before secularism was even conceived . 
  no shit it does n't include it . 
  i do n't even know what your point is . 
  do you think secular muslims do n't exist ? 
  do you think secular syrians do n't exist ? 
  what is it ? 
  but fascism is built on anti-marxism , with ideologies like nationalism , militarism , corporatism , and racial supremacy being core values . 
  `` linksfaschisten '' is an oxymoron and makes no sense politically . 
  it 's like saying `` rechtskommunisten '' . 
  it is not a valid statement and highlights ignorance . 
  i just wanted to highlight one of your statements without passing judgement . 
   death cult no comment . 
  because the usa is close allies with most of those nations . 
  no one forced me to donate money to refugee centers in austria . 
  no , but all the gulf nations , which is what op asked about , employ a system similar to slavery for immigrant workers . 
  they existed for barely 2 decades during the interwar period under a monarchy in a nation that no longer exists . 
  that should prove how uninfluential those parties are . 
  yup , you have no idea what faschismus is . 
  christianity has influenced pretty much every single european art , music and architecture before the 18th century . 
  obviously being jewish or muslim does n't make you `` uneuropean '' , but in terms of which religion has helped shape europe the most , christianity is a clear winner . 
  for example , we still have major parties with the word `` christian '' in their name . 
  show me parties with jewish or muslim in them . 
  actually , i have . 
  at least 2/3 of it , i 'm still finishing some parts . 
  but what does that have to do with secular muslims ? 
  do christians follow the bible word for word ? 
   majority of the people wait wait wait wait . 
  are you saying the majority of syrians support isis ? 
  this conversation is over . 
  no , it 's not a `` muslim who does n't really believe '' , it 's a muslim who keeps religion to himself . 
  and that apies to te majority of syrians . 
  is n't  i guess that just shows how little you know . 
  a personal attack with no argument in it at all ? 
  come on , this is ridiculous . 
  uh , is that a real question ? 
  oh , i remember you . 
  you were the one who made 5 consecutive comments about how small my dick was . 
  yes , you are clearly a wise and informed citizen . 
  those people number in the 10,000 's and do therefore not even represent more than 2-3 % of the population of syria . 
  most of them are very secular and act as such . 
   little world of ignorance lol secular muslims are muslims who do n't think their religion should influence politics or anything outside of their private lives . 
  it 's a well-known and globally recognized term , applying to governments such as gaddafi 's . 
  i like how you immediately insult me and accuse me of ignorance , and then say you do n't know what being secular means . 
  and practically all of those in hungary want to leave it and do n't plan on staying eitherway . 
  you can most definitely find very young orphans who left with the entire entire village when it fled . 
  `` widespread '' . 
  the only times i 've ever heard about this is here . 
  if you would ever have taken the time to learn about syrians from a source other than the daily news , you would know they are very secular . 
  but of course this wo n't affect your opinions in the least bit . 
  are you serious ? 
  literally the * first * report columbus wrote on the new continent was how the natives could easily be used for slavery and how gold was abundant . 
  this was all planned from start to finish . 
  sorry for the rudeness , i agree that i overreact a lot lately . 
  seeing how europe is over 500 million people , i do n't see why even a staggering 5 million should be a massive problem , as long as it is distributed evenly . 
  also , most refugees want to return home once syria is safe again . 
  so they wont stay forever .
