  the sentence i constructed is composed of two sentences , essentially saying that 84 cases of terrorism , being 55 % of terrorism in that year , were conducted by ethno-nationalist and separatist groups . 
  i realize i left out the separatist part , i 'm sorry for that , i legitimately did n't register it when writing my comment . 
  read any definition of fascism ever . 
  ultra-nationalism is the core root of their beliefs , mussolini himself said that fascism should be called corporatism in * doctrina fascista * , and fascist states ( excluding nazi germany , since they were their own brand of fascism ) all encouraged a monarch . 
  1 ) i did n't downvote you , but sure , i guess i 'm the only person on reddit who disagrees with you . 
  2 ) i was n't dishonest , i did n't use the full quote because i 'm on mobile , but i did n't change any content whatsoever . 
  3 ) http://www.todayszaman.com/world_europe-under-fire-for-overlooking-right-wing-terrorism-threats_251686.html, 
   55 % of all terrorism in europe was motivated by ethno-nationalism . 
  this has nothing to do with traditional , conservative beliefs , but it is on the far-right spectrum . 
  so , making deals with a country is prostitution ? 
  do you understand how economy works ? 
  is america prostituting itself to china ? 
  they were violent . 
  they were extremists . 
  they were however not ultra-nationalists , not white suprematists , not corporatists or radical monarchists . 
  they have way less in common with fascism than you think . 
  being opportunistic = getting raped ? 
  you know those words are pretty much opposites ? 
  rape happens without consent , whilst being opportunistic is 100 % your choice . 
  you mean ... make deals with ? 
  i 'm really confused . 
  are you talking about world war 2 , or present day ? 
  putin is a serial rapist ? 
  this has literally nothing to do with fascism . 
  violence like this is dumb and extremist , but it 's nowhere near fascist . 
  edit : grammar . 
  as opposed to the right wing , who only so happen to be responsible for most terrorism in europe . 
  edit : source : http://thinkprogress.org/world/2015/01/08/3609796/islamist-terrorism-europe/, 
  thanks for the delightful visuals , but what exactly is your point ? 
  i honestly think he cared less about the prosperity of poland and more about bringing down his country 's enemy . 
  he cared so little for latin american nations , supported apartheid and encouraged american corporations to be outsourced to asia , thus crippling his own people . 
  why should he care about poland ? 
  it was only a pawn for him . 
  using propaganda this stupid just harms ukraine . 
  i get your point , but that eagle is a bit overkill . 
  he promoted torture in third-world countries , supported dictators across the globe , allowed debt to skyrocket in the us , crushed workers rights and was just and uncharismatic , untrustworthy leech of a human being . 
  fair point , but i think naming a square after ronald reagan is pretty embarrassing . 
  there are so many people outside ( and inside ) of poland who did their best to bring down the iron curtain , and the best one can come up with is ronald reagan ? 
  i love poland being free of soviet schackles and being part of the eu , but really , central square of * ronald reagan * ? 
  why not central square of lech walesa ? 
  at least chose someone from poland !, 
  not to diminish the greek resistance , but the yugoslav partisans lasted 4 years . 
  they demolished the nazi occupation with little to no material help from the allies . 
  like the one were i call out the `` i 'm a russian occupant '' video for being detestable propaganda ? 
  or the one were i call the soviet union a terror state ? 
  i 'm most definitely not pro-russian , and calling me a propagandist because i have different opinions is fucking pathetic . 
  i considered adding greece , but then i thought i would be obliged to add the yugoslav partisans as well , and then the r\u00e9sistance , and that would become to messy , so greece should be filed under `` international partisans '' . 
  it 's overly simplified , i know , but it 's the easiest way to do it . 
  oh , i 'm just curious . 
  slave trade in this case refers to the one in the new world that involved the most people and caused the biggest deplacement of native africans , and of course the biggest death toll . 
  are you honestly saying spain ( catalonia is n't quite indepedent yet ) never colonized anyone else ? 
  essentially all of latin america is your doing !, 
  you started the slave trade , do n't act like you 're innocent . 
  and besides , the damaged economy has nothing to do with immigrants ( example : germany , sweden ) but is much rather the result of insidious corruption , rampant austerity and crony capitalism . 
  he 's american , so bad = nazis , commies and probably muslims , too, 
  implying communists and ultra nationalists are anything but opposite, 
  yeah !, 
  eugene debs , pablo picasso , albert einstein and helen keller were all murderers !, 
  haha depending on who you ask , they already have . 
  in all seriousness , i have no problem whatsoever with people from eastern europe , who suffered under our regime a hundred years ago , bringing their skills to austria . 
  the slovaks , serbs and hungarians are for the most part honest , hardworking people , and not just lazy easterners like certain parties and newspapers would have you believe . 
  the french colonized africa , slaughtered thousands and oppressed millions for centuries , and then act like it 's an injustice when some people move to their country . 
  you make it sound like she 's a reasonable politician . 
  she 's not . 
  the article insinuates that ever non-german acts as if germans were nazis , which is total bullshit and does nothing but build barriers between germany and the rest of europe . 
  is it just me or are we returning to the political landscape of europe in the early interwar period . 
  i 'm not talking about `` spooky fascism '' , simply how the moderate parties we have been living under in the past few decades are growing weaker and new , more extremist parties on both sides of the spectrum are growing . 
  there seems to be a north/south divide for politics in europe , as there are for so many issues . 
  however , this split is rather recent , as a few years ago the big centre-left/right moderates were ruling in essentially every country of europe . 
  implying people with skills cant think, 
  * excuse me * , how could you blatantly forget about the lizard people infecting our goverment ? 
  i 'm really saddened that someone with such great editing skills uses them for such detestable propaganda . 
  i watch the video every now and then , simply because the visuals are so fucking well done . 
  lgbt rights . 
  you are aware he 's joking , right ? 
  why would he not admit to it when asked by the press but then say he did it on his fucking twitter ? 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  the whole thing was a parody from the start !, 
  and all the friendly / r/europe users knew immediately who to blaim !, 
  haha this is hilarious !, 
  calling varoufakis a `` fucktard '' and claiming that the video `` couldnt possibly br faked '' just shows how deluded some people are with reality . 
  to them , all greeks are the `` lazy lying southerners '' and anything that doesnt conform to that has to be false . 
  you 've never actually visited a may 1st parade , right ? 
  the ones i 've been to ( vienna , prague , berlin , paris ) have been extremely peaceful , lots of families and elderly there . 
  no violence whatsoever . 
  then you have no idea what terrorism is . 
  theyre not terrorists . 
  youre asking for people to be burned alive because they threw some rocks . 
  i would n't say it destroyed the country or set it back 40 years . 
  obviously , it was a stalinist terrorstate , but from a cultural standpoint , they develloped world-class cinema and superb childrens shows that people in the east and the west both enjoyed . 
  the communist party in the chezch republic still has some support today , and mostly from people who were alive and well during the communist regime , so no , it was neither `` destroyed '' nor set back half a century . 
  this bullshit again ? 
  but they are in newspapers , on an almost daily basis . 
  far more people read the news than go to art galleries . 
  yes , speeches can be very different in structure and message they convey , but still have similar content . 
  compare fdrs speech upon entering ww2 with that of george vis . 
  very similar content , completely different structure . 
  i have done both , and to be honest , his speech is n't really very similar to hitlers at all . 
  sure , it has the same content , but its just standard nationalism that lots of people use , it 's not like putin actually uses the same , or even vaguely similarly structured sentences , that hitler used . 
  saying `` crimea is russian '' is literally hitler because he said that `` danzig is german '' is preposterous .
