  they 're by no means bad people , not at all , the ones i met were very friendly and full of humor , but it still felt more like they were middle schoolers than the revolutionary partisans they pretend to be . 
  unfortunately for your agenda , i 'm half american . 
  born to an american mother , with an american family . 
  its my goverment too , you know . 
  i can be unhappy with it . 
  that 's bolshevism . 
  i have a reputation ? 
  * sweet !, 
  * in all seriousness , i can see why they 're doing this . 
  `` communism '' in eastern europe is basically a cheap excuse of soviet nostalgy , with little to no ideology behind it . 
  remain aware that i support ukraine in this current conflict , purely out of a humanitarian reason and because i deftly oppose russias dictatorship . 
  of course , that is 100 % correct . 
  actually , that was a lot closer to imperialism . 
  but the soviet union under lenin was only trying to spread communism , which is not limited to a country or government , but is an international movement that needs to spread in order to work . 
  funding spartakist revolutionaries in germany in order to set up a communist nation is not identical to imposing cultural and economic dominance over another country . 
  imperialism is the cultural , social , economical and military dominance of one country towards another . 
  if your country only shows , say , chinese movies , where a huge number of people work for chinese corporations despite not being chinese , and there is a constant military presence of china ( maybe manifesting itself in large embassys and parades ) , than your nation is subject to chinese imperialism . 
  they did n't annex anything . 
  they supported separatists . 
  as deplorable as that may be , us western nations have done the same thing across the globe numerous times , and , in some cases , still do . 
  no , its just bullshit to say that communism is equal to imperialism . 
  there 's always france , which also has nuclear weapons . 
  and it not like the eu has any real `` enemies '' , aside from some backwards jihadists , and even those are n't enough of a danger to use nuclear weapons . 
  face it , we do n't need them anymore . 
  we have a country in the eu which has them , let them keep it . 
  no , not well said . 
  there 's increasingly less and less reason for us to create weapons that we either : a ) never intend on using * or * b ) intend on using , thereby damaging certain parts of the earth for millennia several of uk 's closest allies have nuclear weapons , such as the us and france . 
  why do they need more weapons ? 
  is the uk in any immediate threat ? 
  does the uk have an enemy so strong that only nuclear arms will defeat him ? 
  you 're really not visiting greece because one of their many , * many * prime ministers said something you did n't like . 
  really ? 
  shinzo abe made comments about pacifism that i did n't like . 
  i guess all of japan has turned to shit for me now . 
  it 's not like they 're constantly doing this . 
  crimea was such a big deal that it will no doubt make it into the history books in a decade or two . 
  most european left-wing parties condemn russia heavily . 
  of course , there are the obscure eastern european soviet nostalgists , but the bigger left-wing parties , like the uk green party or the french communist party , are quite negative towards russia . 
  the soviet union , as it was founded under lenin , was extremely anti-imperialist . 
  spreading communism ca n't be imperialist because communism is anti-imperialist . 
  this is the real answer . 
  this is n't about ideology , or they would have asked venezuela and cuba for help . 
  its a purely monetary demand , nothing more . 
  if you 'd ever go through the trouble of reading some political literature , you 'd realize that socialism is an extremely complex and easy to misinterpret ideology . 
  there 's more than just ayn rand , you know . 
  stalinism is a bastardization of socialism , like fascism is a bastardization of capitalism . 
  they are not equivalent . 
  capitalism has caused millions of dead in entirely preventable controlled famines ( read * late victorian holocausts * ) the reason cuba is struggling is also due to the endless us blockades and sanctions , that practically everyone in the un condemns ( http://www.un.org/press/en/2013/ga11445.doc.htm ) . 
  because tsarist russia was just a fucking walk in the park for the working class . 
  lenin was a dictator , but he made groundbreaking reforms that forever improved everyday life of the poor . 
  no problem !, 
  thats why i wrote in my original comment about how conflicted i was about this . 
  oh well , i wrote that before it happened . 
  may they find peace in their tormented souls . 
  whilst i hate the new rules as much as everybody else , i think we should stay away from the `` le feminazi mods '' circlejerk . 
  all that does it create a toxic tension in subreddits . 
  yeah , i said that i disagree with them on essentially everything they have done in the past . 
  this thing , however , seems less crazy and more like a call for freedom in a way . 
  i think the biggest progress was made un lenin , though . 
  full equality , legalizing abortion and homosexuality , etc. 
  for a few , sweet years , the soviet union was the most progressive nation on earth . 
  and then stalin came . 
  you 're aware that a huge part of those 72 % are also from different european countries , right ? 
  i would n't say `` working fine '' ( i totally agree with you on everything else ) , but it 's not like there 's some kind of `` white genocide '' happening . 
  you know , north of the sahara ( tunisia , libya , algeria , morocco , egypt ) and the middle east nations ( syria , iraq , jordan , yemen , etc ) . 
  do n't forget that this includes people from inside europe , not just the arabic hemisphere . 
  germans , dutch , french and luxembourg citizens probably make up a bigger part of foreign children then arabs do . 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  i 'm very conflicted about this . 
  on one side this is obviously anti-government terrorism enacted by a radical group using violence to promote their agenda . 
  on the other side their demands are very reasonable . 
  the police officer who murdered a teenager should confess , and the people who attended a demonstration mourning the victim should n't be punished . 
  sorry , erdogan , but i think i 'm siding with the anti-government forces on this one . 
  not that i condone the other things they have done in the past . 
  edit : the terrorists are dead and so is the hostage . 
  may their tormented souls find peace . 
  eh , most of them are either to small to be relevant , or have mellowed down and become peaceful . 
  a great example of a once violent and now extremely pacifist communist organization is the ezln in mexico . 
  they used to attack the mexican government , but they now have declared autonomy in some southern regions and work to improve the quality of life there . 
  because it 's totally fucking irrelevant . 
  they chose a tiny , right wing party to form a coalition with so they could have the most power in government . 
  they only chose that certain party because they were also anti-austerity . 
  ussr and north korea were both stalinist , cambodia was a tragic one-time event , and cuba has the worlds highest literacy rate . 
  north korea is a juchist state remnant of japanese fascism and soviet stalinism . 
  not socialist . 
  cool . 
  two people . 
  they definitely represent several million kurds . 
  in vienna , i have beautiful buildings like the karl-marx hof to remind me how much socialism helped austria after ww1 . 
  it is way , * way * harder to get rid of a terrorist group then of a dictator . 
  in order to kill a dictator , you have to simply declare war on his country . 
  if you win , he 's no longer a dictator . 
  simple as that . 
  fighting terrorists , however , is much more complicated . 
  terrorists are n't a country , they can be anywhere , you can no longer simply declare war on a nation . 
  terrorism takes root in unstability . 
  as long as you have unstable countries , you will have violent extremists . 
  terrorism does n't just dissapear like dictators after they die . 
  for every terrorist the us kills , another is born somewhere else . 
  history has proven that dictators can be destroyed in a matter of weeks , but the war on terror is over a decade old and nowhere near over .
