  iceland has always been a tiny , isolated , rather insignificant island nation . 
  russia borders 12 other countries in 2 continents . 
  lots more can happen there . 
  oh , definitely , but i think the civil war would probably have ended with several new countries instead of one russia . 
  it 's always nice that something completely unrelated to the discussion can be brought up as a valid argument . 
  well , a revolution in russia was going to happen either way . 
  the peasant class and the working class were slaving away and rebellions , mutinies and strikes were unavoidable . 
  without lenin , there might have been makhno as leader of free territories . 
  would have been interesting . 
  it 's also like the fifth time something like this got posted this month . 
  i 'm all for admitting soviet atrocities , no doubt about that , some awful things happened in the name of the ussr , but constantly acting like stalin and hitler were buddies is such revisionism . 
  guess what ? 
  the u.s. had excellent relations with mussolini !, 
  does that make them fascist ? 
  why is n't that ever mentioned ? 
  the horseshoe theory is absolute bullshit . 
  it 's been disproven and debunked many times . 
  very low for german standards . 
  if immigration is such a huge problem to dresden , then why do n't cities like munich or berlin have more supporters and rallies , seeing how they have far more immigrants . 
  edit : also , most of those immigramts are eastern european , yet pegida acts lile dresden is a `` fortress of islam '' . 
  pegida is an organisation . 
  you make a choice whether you want to join it or not . 
  islam is a milennia-old religion that you are born into and that plays a huge role in the culture of your community and family . 
  joining pegida , being aware of the rampant xeno-phobia and neo-nazism is different from being born into a religion , probably even being born with a name tied to it . 
  edit : also , islam is around a billion people . 
  pegida is a few thousand . 
  your argument is awful . 
  the most unsafe i 've ever felt was when a turkish teenager in the drashe park asked me if i had a cigarette . 
  yes , i 've been to all those places , but i 've also been to places in europe like no\u00efsy-le-grand , brixton , kreuzberg and belgrade . 
  vienna has it so good compared to lots of cities . 
  if people had real concerns about immigration , they could join legitimate , educated organizations that encourage debate and reason . 
  if people join a group known for having a neo-nazi as a former leader , they are not `` worried citizens '' , they are ignorant xenophobes . 
  dresden , the city the movement originated from , has little to no immigrant population . 
  the people who participated in those marches probably have never had a longer conversation with an immigrant in their lives . 
  they are xenophobic , and their leaders are more often than not involved in neo-nazi organisations . 
  not really . 
  i 've been to lots of rallies in austria ( no wkr , free kobani , anti-identit\u00e4r , etc. ), 
  and i 've never gotten into trouble for it . 
  maybe you are referring to far-right groups like pegida who 's reputation is ( rightly ) negative . 
  they were n't uniting ... femen were part of the people shouting at the islamophobes . 
  dude , vienna is one of the worlds safest cities ... i literally just walked across the entire city ( i was at the life ball ) and no one did as much as look at me . 
  how exactly are syriza a `` bunch of cunts '' ? 
   no-one ever said that greeks are n't hard working are you serious ? 
  anti-eu parties like the afd and the fp\u00d6 constantly say that and right-oriented tabloids like bild never stop talking about `` greek lies '' and `` greek lazyness '' . 
  people often gloss over greece when talking about nazi atrocities , even though they suffered immensly . 
  over a hundred thousand dead , and the jewish community obliterated to the point where it barely even exists any more . 
  times have changed . 
  a democratic government can no longer slaughter civilians without an international backlash , this counts for both big parties ( mhp + akp ) . 
  what exactly does the akp offer ? 
  they 're an ultra-conservative , misogynist and theocratic party that completely opposes kurdish autonomy . 
  ca n't beat that mozart swag . 
  * hums ode to joy violently *, 
  the hdp would never work with the akp . 
  hdp is a socialist , feminist , armenian-genocide recognizing progressive party , opposite in almost every way to the conservative akp . 
  i think he means the seats transfer to the largest party , which is true . 
  i like it . 
  love this idea !, 
  what name should we give the series ? 
  films of europe , cinecitt\u00e1 , kino europa ? 
  retarded system . 
  10 % of the votes to get into parliament ? 
  that makes it impossible for new parties to have any say in anything and just reinforces the power of the centrist and conservative organisations . 
  not to be the `` le fascist '' circlerjerker here , but it seems as though spain is returning to franco-style authoritarianism , with their recent ban on free demonstrations and now the catalan flag . 
  great subreddit . 
  i encourage everyone to visit it . 
  i would say american , since it tackles a slice of american history with a typical american set up ( cowboy takes law in his own hands ) . 
  great , thanks for the sources . 
  you 're definitely correct about the school funding , i swear i missed that when i first read the accord articles . 
  still , the help palestine receives is minuscule compared to what israel receives in foreign aid . 
  ok , i 've looked through them all . 
  nowhere does it mention u.s. public funding for palestinian schools . 
  ... whilst simultaneously sending weapons to israel . 
  and please send me a link to back up that claim . 
  give me a really slim sliver that leads to the adriatic sea . 
  cough * hippie * cough, 
  m'lenin * tips vanguard *, 
  fatah is n't a fucking terrorist group . 
  the people of palestine vote groups that they think can best protect them : they know netanyahu is not open for debates ( he admitted that he promised there would never be a state of palestine ) , so they tend to vote people ready to defend what is left of their homeland . 
  yes , palestine is toally a terrorist state , who cares that it already existed before israel was created and that its civilian population always suffers the most from every conflict in their history . 
  `` working '', 
  i do n't think the average westerner/american can pass good judgment on a country he only hears negative , propagandized things about , so it does kinda boil down to hate . 
  of course , but it 's still a huge leap forward . 
  poor iran , literally more hated than north korea . 
  yes , those goddamn kids and mothers with their geopolitics !, 
  if they want to . 
  seeing how huge parts of congress still oppose the right to abortion , and the two topics are completely different , i do n't really understand what you 're trying to say . 
  the united states is the only reason palestine is n't recognized globally . 
  i was n't aware that abortion was the universal symbol of progress . 
  well , yeah . 
  if you change an elected government , you will get accused of imperialism because that * is * imperialism . 
  however , if you invest in palestinian companies , help public funding for schools and hospitals , and not make yourself look like a total authoritarian soldier to the local natives , than your ideas can gain traction within palestine . 
  eh , the u.s. has the capacity to make any country a liberal democracy once they become allies , so they could heavily promote a secular , liberal palestine . 
  it would probably be a very close majority , true . 
  by votes , the tories barely undulate around 30 % . 
  more than labour , granted , but still nowhere near a clear majority . 
  it seems as though we 've come to a point where the fucking pope is more progressive than u.s. congress . 
  the sound of franz josef licking his lips quite empirically . 
  but it actually is satire . 
  it 's meant to entertain people . 
  she is turkish so yes , she is considered an ethnic minority by law .
