  so fucking true . 
  i want that framed at the headquarters of my marxist circle . 
  of course , but / u/rudolphthewhite claimed that russia `` invaded '' and `` occupied '' georgia after the treaty was signed , which is total bullshit . 
  that 's total revisionism . 
  the treaty of georgievsk assured that georgia would become a protectorate of the russian empire , the decision was made by both sides . 
  they did n't invade your country , they did exactly what your leaders asked them to . 
  get over your victim complex . 
  the initial comment by / u/kurczakpl describes this situation as if it were some soviet-centered crime , and that this should be a distinct reason to hate the soviet union . 
  i 'm a marxist , and mao was a fucking idiot . 
  he did n't kill as many people on purpose as by accident . 
  his flawed economic and agricultural policies backfired so hard they caused famines unprecedented in the world . 
  i 'm not saying it was ok . 
  i 'm saying this particular practice is in no way unique to the soviet union . 
  a class is n't a group of people , silly . 
  it 's a social standard . 
  they wanted to destroy the notion of class , which in my opinion is n't really that deplorable an ideal . 
  fine , if time and context do n't matter , let me throw in some more contestants : the catholic church , genghis khan , the united kingdom . 
  * period *, 
  as a marxist , i could not agree more . 
  whilst lenin definitely was n't a saint , the laws he passed concerning women 's , gay 's and worker 's rights have forever earned him my respect . 
  i disagree with you , so i either have a severe mental disorder or i 'm a foreign spy . 
  nice . 
  not much left to say for me , i agree with essentially everything you said . 
  no , i just dislike bullshit . 
  from both left and right . 
  and my political opinions are irrelevant to this . 
  we were n't talking about ukrainians . 
  we were talking about jews . 
  any jew who lived through the holocaust can tell you that the soviet union was nowhere near as demonic as nazi germany . 
  hell , solzhenitsyn , the author of `` the gulag archipelago '' and a gulag survivor was very heavily criticized by holocaust survivors for having compared the gulag to the holocaust . 
  pretty much all of that is accurate , except for a few parts : - austria is a nation , not an ethnicity/religion ; different rules apply . 
  - the oblast was n't made in an attempt to kill jewish culture , but because the jewish community themselves requested a region where they could practice their heritage - no one was forced to go . 
  it was completely voluntary . 
  first of all , the soviet union existed from for over 70 years , nazi germany did for 12 , so proportionally , the nazis killed more . 
  second , it 's not a fucking competition . 
  stalin slaughtered millions , it is true , but not for the same reasons that hitler did . 
  in the case of the job , no one was forced to go . 
  as a matter of fact , the percentage of jews who did go there never peaked 20 % of russias jewish population . 
  the soviets did it because the jewish community asked for it , not because they wanted to segregate them . 
  no one who actually lived under nazis and was jewish would ever say what you said . 
  well , duh , but that 's within context . 
  the soviet union was psychotically atheist and hateful towards all religions , so giving jews an individual region where they could freely practice their religion was quite exceptional . 
  according to wikipedia , about 16 % of all soviet jews ( around 18,000 ) lived there after its foundation in ' 39 . 
  even though it was located in the middle of nowhere , jews could travel there freely due to it being the only region where jiddish heritage was actively promoted in libraries , cinemas , schools , etc. 
  that description perfectly describes the turkish government . 
  it does n't really apply to this thread since most criticism expressed is directed towards the soviet government , but do n't be fooled , russophobia and islamophobia definitely exist . 
  ... yet the soviets had a peace prize named after him . 
  irony was never strong in the soviet union . 
  the americans did this with indian burial places as well . 
  so did the english and french in their colonies . 
  desecrating holy sites is not limited to the soviet union . 
  ehh , lenin legalized homosexuality in 1917 . 
  stalin was the real problem , that guy was more of a czar than anything else . 
  actually , the nazi were far worse than the soviets . 
  far , * far * worse . 
  whilst the soviets did advocate a totalitarian state of `` atheist equality '' , the nazis staunchly desired to exterminate entire ethnicities , something the soviets never would have done . 
  yes , there were gulags , and purges , and mock trials , and much more , but the soviets never intended to completely eradicate certain ethnic groups . 
  could n't one say that about israel as well , given the context ? 
  i 'm not putting on a tin foil hat or anything , it just seems similar . 
  you know , sometimes people want to know when something is a truth , and when it 's a lie . 
  most of them do n't , it 's just that around 50 % of the country says that he helped russia in certain ways , which is arguably true . 
  this caricature is quite weak and only reinforces a `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  i went to both an austrian and a french school , and both times the starting date was set at 1939 . 
  ehh , not really , since stalin is perceived extremely negatively everywhere outside of russia . 
  i 'm sorry , but how is this relevant to anything ? 
  i understand that stalin and hitler did terrible things in poland , but bringing this up every fucking time ww2 is mentioned is becoming a pathetic circlejerk . 
  hello , i hope i 'm not to late . 
  1 ) i have a bit of experience with css ( i created / r/otmshanks to play around with the functions ) , but not very much with automoderator and mod toolbox , i 'm afraid . 
  2 ) my time zone is gmt + 1 , more specifically vienna . 
  3 ) my favorite thing about / r/europe is all the different people you get the meet and the great teasing that ensues between them . 
  my least favorite thing are comments and posts made in order to promote and push forward an extreme agenda ( this goes for both left and right ) . 
  4 ) i think we need to demand more fact-checking and source providing when arguments and discussions happen . 
  5 ) i think i would be an adequate moderator because i have spent lots of time here , comment regularly and even though i often get into arguments ( which i will understandably refrain from doing should i become mod ) , i always do my best to remain civil , polite and honest . 
  thank you for your time . 
  `` children killed : 172-207 '' how is this acceptable ? 
  i really would n't use the stasi as an example of how atrocious the soviet union was . 
  compared to the cia today , the stasi are lambs . 
   ww2 was won with british espionage , american steel and russian blood and georgian blood and armenian blood and uzbek blood and kazakh blood and belorussian blood and tajik blood and turkmen blood and ukrainian blood and estonian blood and azerbaijani blood etc. 
  ftfy, 
  well , he * did * shake hands with both ronalds ... 
  as long as austria would remain neutral . 
  still , a very good deal . 
  that was the opening of `` the interview '' ... 
  that 's exactly the word i was looking for . 
  you have posted * zero * historical documents . 
  do you understand that ? 
  you have literally sent me dead links to books , which means jack shit . 
  i agree with you , i 'm just pissed that someone can legitimately claim that a war that the soviet union gained territory from was a `` crushing defeat '' and get upvoted for it . 
  your links do n't lead me anywhere , all i get is `` error 500 ( server error ) !! 1 '' . 
  also , if you 're just going to link some random book or mein kampf , do n't bother . 
  please stop calling me ignorant , it 's making me giggle so hard my history degree just fell of my desk . 
  any sources for this aryan empire ? 
  any real counter-arguments to the massive amount of evidence i just posted that basically defeats all your bullshit statements ? 
  ok , i 'll just stop responding . 
  edit : and here 's the big , * big * difference : stalin did n't see himself as russian . 
  hitler saw himself as german . 
  find me one quote where stalin mentions being russian , you wo n't find one . 
  any conflict that ends in one country handing over 10 % of its territory to another country seems like a victory to me , whether it was intended or not . 
  of course , but saying it was a defeat is complete rewriting of history and should not be upvoted . 
  ** `` germany will either be a world power or no power at all .
