  the majority of countries in the eu are centre-right . 
  my point exactly, 
   according to urban audit , in 2001 , brussels had the fourth highest number of recorded crimes of european capitals ( behind stockholm , amsterdam , and berlin , ** and virtually on a par with helsinki ** ) . 
  funny how helsinki , which was very few non-eu immigrants by comparison , has exactly the same crime rate as brussels . 
  could it be that poverty affects crime more than ethnicity ? 
  once again , vienna has roughly 180,000 turks and is all together around 40 % foreign-born , especially from the balkan , yet our crime rates are very low in comparison to most other eu capitals . 
  sources please . 
  i 've heard very bad things about certain parts of tokyo from friends who lived there and i was under the impression the tokyo metro was infamous for the amount of sexual harassment it produces . 
  sweden is so ruined it consistently ranks as one of the best countries to live in with the highest salaries on earth !, 
  the horror !, 
  wow !, 
  just like a big city !, 
  what is this bullshit ? 
  you 're accusing me of thinking about accusing someone of being a nazi ? 
  maybe 6 months ago . 
  it 's very much right-winged now . 
  literally all his statements towards mexicans . 
  on average , illegal immigrants from mexico commit less crimes than us citizens , yet trump still emphasizes how they are `` bringing crime and rapists '' . 
  it 's a sad day when donald `` i get along great with the blacks '' trump can spew some xenophobic garbage about a political climate he does n't even understand and / r/europe agrees with him . 
  donald trump is an arch-capitalist xenophobic moron who proudly proclaims that `` the only people he wants counting his money ar small men with yarmulkas . '', 
  and `` the mexicans coming here are rapists . 
  ( before adding `` some , i assume , are good people . '' ) . 
  he 's an incompetent politicians whos ideas rely on nukes and fences . 
  he has zero basis and should be treated as such . 
  edit : woop woop downvotes , proving me right . 
  when did the guy in the article commit a crime ? 
  can you even take yourself seriously after having said that ? 
  if you mix poverty and religion , you get the same awful results everywhere . 
  look at christianity in central africa , absolutely horrific . 
  yeah , they have some issues with anti-americanism , that 's for sure . 
  however , this does not prove or even hint at them being funded by russia . 
  they are also neither extreme nor far-left , but simply left . 
  he was talking about how older ethnic russians within estonia were less homophobic than their offspring . 
  that 's what i was responding to . 
  in retrospect , i should have worded my initial point a lot more clearfully . 
  the latter . 
  most serious left-wing groups are extremely outspoken against the conservative and corporatist reign of vladimir putin . 
  i was n't specifically referring to estonia . 
  i was thinking more of countries in eurasia like kazakhstan and uzbekistan . 
  oh , i think you misunderstood . 
  i am well aware that the soviet union was as atrocious perversion of marxism that slaughtered and oppressed in order to remain in power . 
  however , it is undeniable that the soviet union had certain , albeit few , positive effects , such as extremely important women 's rights . 
  true , most of lenin 's progressive laws were reversed under stalin . 
  i admit my comment above was pretty stupid . 
  but yours ? 
  cmon man . 
  source on the extreme left part . 
  it 's common knowledge the kremlin funds the far-right , but i 've never heard the other side being mentioned . 
  it should be mentioned that the soviet union had certain progressive effects on the countries it occupied . 
  lenin decriminalized homosexuality very early into his reign , one of the first leaders ever to do so . 
  anyway , that might explain why otherwise conservative russians who grew up in the soviet union might be a bit more neutral towards homosexuals . 
  i agree , the situation in russia is horrible , but let 's not act like the average czech thinks any better of non-heterosexuals . 
  no , i agree with you . 
  muslims in europe do n't need to `` calm down '' since the absolute majority of them are n't doing anything anyway . 
  more concerned citizens . 
  fun fact about dizga vertov : vertov means `` turning '' in russian , and '' * dziga * '' is the sound the old cameras made when you spinned their wheel in order to film . 
  it 's a brilliant and a playful pseudonym for an equally genius film maker . 
  they were corporatists . 
  companies like krupp , horch and ig farben profited immensely from them . 
  no , those are the robot nazis . 
  the communist nazis have built a city under the pacific ocean , get your facts right . 
  there are downvotes because you are questioning it . 
  nowadays even asking for a sample technique about an islam-related poll is akin to demanding `` white genocide '' . 
  most muslims commit zero crimes and are completely normal citizens , irrelevant of their beliefs . 
  yes , and there is still a majority of sp\u00d6 voters there . 
  meanwhile , workers districts with less immigrants like florisdorf have a far higher fp\u00d6 support . 
  not true . 
  workers districts with less immigrants than average tend to be a lot more fp\u00d6 friendly than districts that do . 
  example : ottakring and florisdorf . 
  an eye for an eye was never a religious rule . 
  it 's downright un-christian to be so ruthlessly unforgiving . 
  is this even worth answering to ? 
  it 's just so numb . 
  please , enlighten me . 
  where do i call americans `` stupid , backwards and barbaric '' . 
  wow , you 've stopped lurking for five consecutive years so you could accuse me of having mental issues because i oppose the death penalty . 
  totally unsuspicious . 
  when did i ever do any of those things ? 
  their laws are barbaric , not the people . 
  my mother is an american , half my family is american , i have never made those statements . 
  yeah , i 'm really not follwowing his argumentation . 
  whatever . 
  of course the american does n't understand objectivism . 
  i never said that people who actually commited those crimes are victims . 
  i said that many people who are actually innocent get executed . 
  you want to know how to really punish someone ? 
  let them think about what they did whilst they slowly die in prison over the next 40 years . 
  capital punishment is just a relic of a dark past , it will pass with time . 
  i admit that we austrians are a petty people . 
  we keep our heads down and follow the one with the biggest chance of sucess , not the best ideas . 
  we are a * mitl\u00e4ufervolk * . 
  however , i still do n't think my nationality should immediately cancel out my argument . 
  the 19th century is over , put your jingo somewhere else . 
  so was prohibition . 
  and segregation . 
  and slavery . 
  your point ? 
  you are aware that there is a * massive * anti-capital punishment movement inside the u.s. too , right ? 
  it 's not like you americans are n't capable of being smart . 
  whatever , you ignoring everything else i wrote shows me that you do n't care about silly `` facts '' and pesky `` rights '' .
