   which makes us critically inportant for europe and the us ** if ** just like austria owns alpine water resources that would be critically important * if * there would be a massive drought in central europe , right ? 
  i 'm not arguing with you whether or not austria is relevant . 
  i do n't care , at least we 're irrelevant and have one of the worlds most liveable cities as our capital . 
  if the most important things you can mention is being a strategic position for nato , what does that say about the outlook of most romanians ? 
  en.wikipedia.org/sweden#migration  according to eurostat , in 2010 , there were 1.33 million foreign-born residents in sweden , corresponding to 14.3 % of the total population . 
  of these , 859,000 ( 9.2 % ) were born outside the eu and 477,000 ( 5.1 % ) were born in another eu member state . 
  since out of those 859,000 , essentially all were born in an arabic country or in the balkan , we 'll take out all the former yugoslavian citizens ( 162,000 in sweden ) , leaving us with around 700,000 arabic immigrants . 
  150-180 idiots makes up around 0,025 % or 1 in 4000 muslims . 
  once again , using the highest possible estimate ( 180 fighters ) . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_france#religious_membership_statistics  according to a 2011 survey by ipsos mori 45 % of the french are christians ( almost all roman catholics ) , 35 % are irreligious , atheist or agnostic , 3 % are muslims , 1 % are buddhists , 6 % adhere to unspecified other religions , and 10 % did not give an answer to the question . 
  even though roughly 11 % of france are ethnically arab and born muslim , we will not rely on those numbers since they did not identify as muslim and do therefore not have great interest in religion , let alone religious extremism . 
  3 % of france equates to around 2,000,000 muslims who identify as such . 
  so , now you have 1200 idiots leaving the country , which amounts to 0,06 % of the population , or roughly 1 in 2000 , so the double of france . 
  we were talking about which country is hated the most . 
  someone mentioned romanias opinion not being extremely valid , due to the , being rather irrelevant , to which you posted a defence . 
  we were not limiting ourselves to romania and hungary . 
   20 million people as opposed to the minuscule populations of the uk , germany and france . 
   important nato partner as opposed to the united kingdom and france , who have some of the world 's largest military spending , own airplane carriers and nuclear weapons capable of reducing entire nations to microscopic sub-debris . 
   growing gdp as opposed to the ridiculously irrelevant london stock exchange and the booming german industry that still dominates europe and even the world in numerous products . 
   company profit heaven as opposed to the marxist republics of malta and luxembourg , with their ridiculously low taxes that practically encourage corporate crime and tax evasion . 
   oil and gas provider as opposed to russia , the world 's # 1 provider for gas . 
   educated workforce as opposed to the poor , knuckle-dragging workers of austria , germany , switzerland and the scandinavian nations , who earn up to double of what a romanian worker makes and can practically all speak primitive if not good english ? 
  i do n't really understand what the point of your post was . 
  romania may be a fascinating country with interesting people and a proud history , but it 's not if greater relevance , neither within europe , nor the world . 
  since when does austria have a small muslim minority ? 
  last i checked , vienna was up to 20 % arabic , making around 300 000 people . 
  i wonder why countries like austria and sweden , who have some of the highest immigration rates in europe , have so few people leaving to fight for daesh compared to countries like france . 
  we never heard any of those things in school . 
  we were always taught of how * we * started ww1 , of how * we * gave birth to hitler . 
  beethoven was never mentioned , and the only times in my life that i have heard someone say he was austrian was in the context of this joke . 
  i 've been to quite a few anti-pegida demos , and the amount of police is hilarious . 
  you 've got like 200 old men marching for pegida , like 500 leftists shouting insults at them , and about 3000 police offers centered around every square with a half a dozen cars for backup . 
  yes , because if one superpower is evil , the other automatically has to be good , right ? 
  fuck off with this cold war mentality . 
  how is this guy a freedom fighter ? 
  the archduke was literally the only hapsburger friendly and open to negotiations with serbia . 
  killing him was an act of terrorism . 
  but most of those statues were erected centuries ago , we should know better by now . 
  also , this guys greatest and pretty much only achievement was to kill the only member of the imperial family friendly towards serbia and his innocent wife . 
  thanks , very eye-opening !, 
  b-but . . national * socialism * !!, 
  i ca n't find anti-independence anywhere . 
  \u00d6calan demands a `` northern kurdistan '' which would be a fully independent nation . 
  so the pkk is no longer pro-independence ? 
  source please . 
  autonomy as a step towards independence . 
  it 's funny because they are n't even communist in name anymore . 
  they believe in `` juche '' , which distances itself from `` european marxian socialism '' . 
  since when is chavez a dictator ? 
  tree logo is hdp , who did rather well ( 13 % ) . 
  they 're a hardline left pro-kurdish independene party . 
  i never said syriza did n't include communistic elements , but it 's confined to a few minor branches of the party . 
  by the same logic , we could say that the republican party is far-right extremist or obejectivist laissez-faire since both if those beliefs are represented in minor factions within the party . 
  lol , so certain minor branches contain certain * elements * of those ideologies , and therefor the entire party is `` radically communist '' ? 
  damn you are ignorant . 
  lol syriza is by no means communist . 
  pao !, 
  right in the kisser !, 
  one thing you rarely hear about is how fucking nice and welcoming the people of turkey are . 
  my father travelled through the country in the '70s and was absolutely delighted by how warmly he was treated . 
  eveyrone invited him to dinner , no matter how poor they were . 
   obama  kenyan those anyone still believe this bullshit * 7 years * after he became president ? 
  `` those politicians have got it all wrong !, 
  * but here 's my solution : * '' something like this , yes ? 
  i assume you 're referring to the winter war , which was a territorial victory for the soviet union , taking around 10 % of finlands soil . 
  no one takes this guy seriously . 
  he 's a meme politician . 
  well , the soviet union was a homophobic hellhouse once stalin backstabbed his way to power , but homosexuality was actually fully legalized under lenin . 
  i wrote an 8 word comment in which i capitalized religion by accident ( in german , we capitalize nouns and i did n't realize ) and you wrote a paragraph about how much you know about me . 
  not like venezuela wants to share the u.s. currency anyway . 
  barely a decade ago , the u.s. attempted to organize a coup in venezuela because things were n't going their way . 
  nice actions . 
  you started off solidly , but that ending earns you a / r/iamverysmart medal of bravery . 
  you linked the daily mail ? 
  that 's trash journalism . 
  venezuela is n't communist . 
  it 's a democracy in which the majority of the people decided that a left-wing party represented their interests the most . 
  ok , so a bunch of idiots walked around at night harassing gays . 
  that does n't make it a `` zone '' . 
  it is work . 
  it 's exhausting and humiliating , it does n't pay much and you end up standing in the sweltering sun all day desperately trying to find someone to buy the product you 're trying to make a living with , but it 's still fucking work . 
  because religion is a race now . 
  good job . 
  because that ca n't possibly have anything to do with a strict social hierarchy , endemic poverty and social segregation ( = projects ) that black kids are born into . 
  sharia law zones ? 
  please , stop buying this fox news bullshit . 
  how are they paying isis ? 
  `` white people '' come from mesopotamia . 
  and there have been several hundred terrorist attacks by far-right organizations . 
  i was talking about engelbert dollfu\u00df . 
  he ruled austria before the anschluss and imposed `` clerical fascism '' on the country . 
  in austria , the catholic church and the state are not separated . 
  and only about 70 years ago , austria had a radically catholic dictator . 
  i would assume that most of them do n't really care . 
  oh , yeah i see that now . 
  c'es pas sorcier was the best part of physics class when i attended a french school !, 
  he 's quoting the article . 
  they called them `` violent jewish colonists '' , and that 's not necessarily op 's opinion . 
  and the bible states that selling your daughter into slavery is acceptable . 
  ah yes , einstein , picasso , orwell , kafka , steinbeck , twain , the enemies of mankind .
