  i guess the difference is whether you 're fleeing war or whether you come to conquer . 
  excuse me ? 
  no , there is definitely a problem , i just do n't think it will *** end europe as we know it *** . 
  once again , 800,000 is the expected number , not the real one . 
  so far , 200,000 have come to germany and there 's only 4 months left . 
  i would honestly be surprised if the final number for 2015 would be more than 400,000 . 
  europe has handled worse before , i really do n't see why this exactly is going to be our common demise . 
  i was talking about first generation immigrants . 
  as far as i know , the children are all fluent but ca n't work jobs jet because they 're children . 
  i think the people in charge can tell when a 25 year old is n't 15 . 
  those people , once again , are mostly from the balkans , so the managed to get into germany easily and , for the most part , legally . 
  the accommodation is for the most part extremely cheap , and people get deported successfully every single year , why should it be different this time . 
  the immigrants also had guns , and organized armies , and trained war hounds and an excellent cavalry , etc. 
  basically technology that made them stronger than the natives . 
  i do n't think you can really say that refugees today have any power to overturn or decimate european law . 
  then they are n't kids anymore . 
  i 'm aware that refugees come in all ages , but i was talking about children/minors , so i put the limit at 18 . 
  thank you for the source . 
  it appears as though you were right . 
  however , i know for certain that austria is still taking in a lot of refugees . 
  first off , sorry for thinking you were eastern european . 
  a comment you made recently led me to believe this . 
  second , it 's been 25 years since the collapse of the eastern block and economic migrants from countries like ukraine , poland , serbia , bosnia & herzegovina , etc. 
  are * still * coming to the west . 
  not that they should n't they have every right to , but it is incorrect to act like the wave of migration was limited to a few years and was only half a million people . 
  it 's half a million in vienna alone , so that number is easily proven false . 
  and many of those somalians ca n't get jobs because the waiting lists are extremely long . 
  most of them apply and have a desire to work , but ca n't because swedish classes are constantly overbooked and they struggle to learn the language . 
  we 're working on one . 
  `` i 'm not racist . '', 
  no , they 're not `` mostly teenagers '' . 
  where do you even get that notion from ? 
  they 're kids of all ages , from 1-18 , and there are a lot of kids below the age of 10 fleeing syria . 
  800.000 predicted to * apply * this year , most of them from * the balkans * , so far it 's only been * 200.000 * and an expected * 55 % * will be * rejected * . 
  do you people like to tell lies or do you actually believe this shit you spew ? 
  oh well , i guess they should all die horrible deaths then . 
  and btw , you 're eastern european , right ? 
  i remember the waves of immigrants that followed the collapse of the eastern block . 
  they did n't look that poor to me , maybe we should have taken your advice and not let them in , same thing for those pesky yugoslavians . 
  no , it 's just suspicious as fuck when all the most xenophobic statements are made by users who post nothing but anti-immigration comments and created their account at the most one month ago , at the least a few hours . 
  that ca n't really be true . 
  austria 's main refugee center , traiskirchen , is currently housing more than twice as many people as it was built for , because the amount of people coming in every day is so large . 
  the amount of asylum applications is expected to reach 80,000 by the end of this year , one of the largest in europe . 
  / r/forwardsfromgrandma, 
  inb4 palestinians = isis , the plo , hamas and the fatah have all denounced isis many times and have declared them enemies to the liberation of palestine . 
  i do n't care about america right now because we were n't talking about america . 
  if there are no sources about syrian refugees raping european citizens , then it proves that this continuing trend is nothing more but bigoted xenophobic demonization . 
  he does n't want an open discussion because it would prove how ignorant about the topic he is . 
  could be a cheap middle eastern knockoff he got for 50 $ . 
  could be a birthday present from his father . 
  could be something he really wanted and saved for . 
  point is , you know nothing about this person and you are making ridiculous assumptions because he does n't look poor enough for you . 
  sorry they are n't wearing rags and walk around barefoot . 
  seriously , do refugees have to be poor , starving people in order for you to show compassion towards them ? 
   vienna  germany well anschlussed my friend . 
  yes , however i 've seen the statement `` they come from a culture where no means yes '' at least half a dozen times in the last three days and i would at least like just one source of something like that actually happening , because i feel like it 's all xenophobic bullshit reminiscent of hardcore nationalism . 
  syrians for the most part are totally cool with alcohol . 
  if you 're not a native indigenous person , then you are the descendant of immigrants . 
  america does n't have to be white . 
  traditionally , it 's fucking native american . 
  10k will make a difference no matter what . 
  that number is already bigger than the amount half of all eastern european nations combined are taken in refugees . 
  tbh all of that applies to the uk perfectly as well . 
  i 'm not christian anymore , but saying that christianity is n't a european value is really weird . 
  the biggest parts of our culture and undeniably molded around christianity . 
  syrians are rather secular , i honestly ca n't say i 've heard anything about sharia law from syrian refugees ever . 
  i doubt rape is so common they 'd practice it all the time . 
  and frankly , what is this anyway ? 
  you just randomly accuse people from wartorn and bloody countries of arbitrary crimes , why ? 
  to make them look worse ? 
  if you could find one source on a syrian refugee raping someone , that would be appreciated . 
  we 're also taking in more refugees than all of those countries combined . 
  do you know what fascism means ? 
  or is it just the face of the bad and spooky things you do n't like ? 
  sports , especially soccer , have always been very political . 
  this is nothing new . 
  that banner is incredibly xenophobic and borderline racist , though . 
  i do n't think anyone can deny that it is made in very poor taste and spreads hatred . 
   far-left i was n't aware there were maoist , anarcho-syndicalist and blanquist soccer teams were so big nowadays . 
  seriously , stop using far-left unless you 're actually talking about the far left . 
  `` refugees welcome '' is n't far-left in the slightest , it 's used by the catholic church . 
  1 ) around 7 hours a week , on average 1 hour a day . 
  2 ) every day , usually for about 20-45 minutes . 
  it is the subreddit i visit the most on this website . 
  3 ) i am a resident and citizen of austria . 
  4 ) i am fluent in english , german and french . 
  5 ) my interests on europe revolve around architecture and history , being raised by two architect parents i learned a lot about europe 's history of buildings . 
  i also have read and studied a lot of history from louis xiv until today , mainly focusing on the industrial revolution , the development of russian marxism 1861-1917 and the interwar period . 
  6 ) my favorite thing is the way users from across the continent manage to connect and share information and ideas almost effortlessly . 
  it is always delightful to learn about other cultures and histories in a playful and light-hearted manner . 
  my least favorite thing is easily the amount of hate and ignorance users , both left and right-winged , spew at each other . 
  it often seems as though certain users only come here to create conflict and i find that very sad . 
  7 ) not on any functioning or legitimate subreddits , unfortunately . 
  8 ) i have been a part of the / r/europe community for nearly 2 years now , can recognize many users and have seen this subreddit go through many phases and changes . 
  i believe i can lead and partake in civil and open discussion and want to bring users and mods closer together . 
  9 ) i think that an important part of being a good mod is knowing the people you are moderating . 
  to many users today , the mod team seems like some ominous shadow organization that barely ever speaks , and if it does , then only to bring what they perceive as bad news . 
  users and mods must become closer , and i will strongly encourage and promote that . 
  i also think we should do our best to discourage using blogs and magazines that are viewed as extremist ( both left and right , obviously ) and are casually used as a legitimate source in debate . 
  10 ) none .
