  it 's stupid . 
  not liking someone because they were born on a specific part of land is ridicolous and encourages hate . 
  the uk has received next to no syrian refugees . 
  they are barely even affected by this . 
  and yes ukip is a right-wing group , and yes they are very popular . 
  they still only got 1 seat in parliament , though , which shows how little power they have . 
  no , most of them really do . 
  no , that 's not why he came to power . 
  hitler came to power because germany was experiencing decades of crippling economic poverty and galloping hyperinflation following a disastrous war that claimed a huge part of the working force of the country , leaving them a broken and unstable nation , already once subject to a failed communist revolution and a massive inequality in terms of wages and salary alienating the working class from their bosses and driving them either towards communism or fascism as an answer . 
  and * that * is why hitler came to power . 
  he promised order and prosperity , which is what the germans wanted more than anything . 
  this migrant crisis is not the coming of the second hitler like you people make it out to be . 
  europe has experienced worse in terms of refugees in the 90 's , and we survived and prospered brilliantly . 
  i 'm going to be honest : that second picture is disgusting , too . 
  then why do you call the slaughter of a million innocent people who had the same beliefs as me a triumph ? 
  it 's horrible . 
  it 's actually scary . 
  i am not a stalinist . 
  i am a communist . 
  do you want me dead ? 
  you just did it . 
  you literally said the indonesian genocide was a triumph . 
  holy shit . 
  holy holy shit . 
  i am a communist . 
  do you want me dead , too ? 
  you saw it and you still think it was something good , that we should repeat ? 
  [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/chart?ec=-9.38&amp;soc=-7.49 ) right-wingers , shield your eyes . 
   actually seem to know what you 're talking about . 
  it mostly comes from reading . 
  many people think they can understand politics and economy by reading the news and ocasionally watching 5 minute videos on youtube , but in order to understand and ideology as complex and multi-layered as marxism , you have to read quite alot . 
  and once you 're done with marx and engels , you have to read kropotkin , lenin , trotsky , luxemburg , eagleton , grant , woods , etc. 
  of course , i also read things by right-wingers like hayek and rand . 
  but , all in all , it is vital to read in order to understand . 
  and yes , the ezln zapatista movement is definitely praiseworthy and a great example of anarcho-syndicalism and communal ownership in action . 
  later artists ? 
  andrei tarkovsky is recognized as one of the worlds best directors of the 20th century , and he made movies in the 60 's and later . 
  do you really think turkey was fine ? 
  they were probably living on the streets or in very bad tents , half-starved and without a chance for a future . 
  ok , all jokes aside , i 'm closest to classic communism as marx and engels explained it , democratic , equal , respecting all genders and ethnicities and taking into count more philosophical aspects of life such as dialectic materialism and alienation . 
  both trostky and lenin have composed some brilliant pieces of litterature , lots of things i disagree with ( such as lenins idea of needing a transitional dictatorship before reaching stateless democracy ) , but certain ideas are definitely worth thinking about ( like trotsky 's permanent revolution idea ) . 
  syndicalism , republican-spain-style , is also worth looking into and has definitely influenced some of my beliefs . 
  not in terror attacks * related to immigration * , their attacks are * related to religion * , which is not what we are talkng about . 
  tolstoy , nabokov , bulgakov , zamyatin and dostoevski all wrote long after those 150 years , and they are all recognized as some of the worlds greatest authors . 
  vertov , eisenstein and pudovkin pioneered the art of film and are internationally recognized as `` fathers of modern cinema '' , and they did so in the 1920 's . 
  i 'm honestly stunned how someone claims to know so much about russia , but actually knows so little about the beauties of their art . 
  i , too , am not a fan of fascists , but it 's unfair to assume all 150 milion of them are that way . 
  the vast majority of those people were born in europe , and op was talking about `` terorism in regards to immigration '' , in which the far-right leads undeniably . 
   dilma rouseff she is centre-left at best , and is considered a traitor by left-wingers . 
  also , for every single one of those people you mentioned , i could give you 5 right-wing dictators who did horrible awful things as well . 
  dude wtf , this is actually really disturbing . 
  the indonesian mass executions killed 100 's of thousand of women and children . 
  the vast majority of people executed were completely innocent and simply did n't fit the agenda of the muderous regime . 
  watch `` the act of killing '' before you start advocating genocide . 
  `` i want to be ruled by someone born into a position of absolute power who has n't done jack shit to deserve it . '', 
  bad poll , where is the centre-left , the centre-right , the extremes ? 
  no , you said you hate russia 's history , and then all you mentioned were war and death , as if russia had known nothing else for a thousand years . 
  russia has an illustrious history with its own art that would even make both of our nations blush with envy . 
  yes , every single one of them . 
  it is however not ok to say you dislike someone purely because they come from that nation . 
  statements like  i actually have a strong distaste for russian people 's mentality is very xenophobic because you 're lumping 150 million people together and acting like they all act , think and feel the same . 
  i am sorry but what is the myth you 're talking about ? 
  totally sincere question btw . 
   almost every war ever fought by russia was against smaller nations . 
  lmao yeah because russia happens to be bigger than the rest . 
  i could make the same argument that the us has never won a war with a nation bigger than itself , even though they have a near-steller record of victories . 
  belgium could defeat mongolia in an open war , even though mongolia is several times larger . 
  size does n't matter as much as you think , it 's equipment , strategy and morale that really make a difference . 
  and you ignore centuries of excellent arts , such as marvellous ballet , breathtaking music , stunning architecture , pioneering modern cinema through geniuses such as vertov , eisenstein and pudovkin , and probably some of the best authors in world history like dostojefski , pushkin , nabokov and tolstoy . 
  nowhere does it say that certain ethncities have more testosterone ? 
  it 's just a spontenous wish , not a realistic proposal . 
  well , instead of bombing basically have all the members of government and the royal family in sa arrested and then try and sentence them according to their crimes . 
  veto their stupid veto . 
  the un needs so reforms in favour of smaller nations instead of large ones desperately . 
  yup , and it 's a fucking disgrace how they view iran as the axis of evil but saudi arabia are good buddies . 
  lol the anti-eu parties are so much more anti-arabs than anti-easterners . 
  i 've never head le pen talk about poles , but she talks about arabs all the time . 
  same with strache in austria . 
  and i know that , in austria at least , the syrians who could find jobs have found jobs and are working . 
  i was thinking more of the un . 
  i think they 'd handle it a lot better than the usa . 
  well , then who 's to say that syrians wont do the same ? 
  that we can agree on, 
  well , assuming you have to learn dutch , than yes , it is difficult for most syrians who can at best speak decent english . 
  i 've never heard of that before , and quite honestly , it sounds like eugenic pseudo-science . 
  that 's already the case , lebanon , jordan and turkey take in the absolute vast majority of refugees . 
  i agree that saudi arabia must be stopped , but just killing everyone would be kinda unfair . 
  we should just find and arrest all the members of the government , the royal family , the religious police and then sentence them according to their crimes . 
  linking an article about somalis in a thread about syrians . 
  they 're all the same anyway , right ? 
  i live in vienna , which is 2 hours by car from budapest . 
  i have visited it once since this crisis happened . 
  i honestly could n't see the difference . 
  come on , we know for a fact that poverty makes a huge difference in crime , we ca n't just ignore that because of one wikipedia article . 
  i did n't notice that . 
  he did n't mention it directly anywhere , only taking about liberation and stuff , so i assumed he was referencing ww2 . 
  let 's be real , every single square kilometer of pakistan is unstable as fuck . 
  some parts are engaged in direct war , some only suffer from intense terrorism , some from occasional bombings , but all of them are unstable . 
  and what could be the cause for that ?
