  is it so hard to read the article for once ? 
  https://www.google.at/search?q=map+of+ethnicities+in+europe&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=2560&amp;bih=1318&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cayq_auoawovchmi6y2c66noxwivgqgsch0nkgta every single map of ethnicities draws a big line between austria and hungary , since they are not the same ethnicities . 
  magyars come from the steppes and the carpathians , the austrian germanic kelts come from the alps regions . 
  `` fears '' do you think any of the comments i listed above reflect anything but blind racist hatred ? 
  well , there was more or less a ( bad ) justification for this . 
  during this period , the uk and france were doing similar things in algeria and the middle east , and eisenhower feared being accused of hypocrisy if he would go against one but back the other . 
  do you know anything about wine ? 
  if so , you will know that vienna is extremely famous for it 's vineyards that surround the city and many important wine contests are held there each year . 
  and vienna invented coffeehouses , and gasth\u00e4user , which serve culinary specialities like cakes and tafelspitz . 
  austrians and hungarians are n't even closely related . 
  austrians are ethnically germanic , whilst hungarians are magyar . 
  if an american visits vienna , one of the world capitals of wine and food , home to many exquisite meals from all around central and eastern europe , and all you can think of is a mcdonald 's , then that is quite obnoxious , yes . 
  the islamic state sounds like a good reason to gtfo of wherever they are . 
  not `` bad '' , they just tend to be louder and less understanding of the fact that they are not in the us , like asking directions to mcdonald 's when visiting a foreign country . 
  those arent people actually staying here , those are applications . 
  thats like saying harvard takes every single person who applies . 
  eh , in comparison to pasty british skin , romanians are a lot darker . 
  the balkan does n't have any refugees , you 're thinking of migrants . 
  they should n't be aloud to spread their hateful bullshit . 
  the idea that the austrian government would raise taxes 20 % and change the constitution is so ridiculous it would take someone who knows nothing about austria to come up with it . 
  austria is rich . 
  very rich . 
  we can definitely take care of those we already have waiting in austria now . 
  the old testament is holy in judaism , christianity and islam . 
  god is represented as a he and is called the lord . 
  he is clearly an older man . 
  if they ca n't give a simple street name , it 's probably enough proof to show they are n't citizens . 
  no they do n't ? 
  seriously , as bad as our politicians are , no one in power ever said that ? 
  good thing this post was about refugees and not migrants then !, 
  we can take so many people because we believe in human rights . 
  we believe that , for better or for worse , a refugee deserves safety from danger , and we know that sending them back would mean death or torture . 
  `` where are you from in syria ? '', 
  `` aleppo '' `` what street in aleppo '' `` i do n't remember '' `` ok , so what part of aleppo was your favorite before the war ? '', 
  `` i do n't remember '' `` you are clearly not who you pretend to be and will be dealt with accordingly . '', 
  i know this is a flimsy source , but look at any picture of syrian refugees from 2011-2013 , and you 'll notice they mostly picture women with children . 
  early footage of refugee camps around syria also show they were almost exclusively inhabited by women . 
  ah , an actual source !, 
  and same point as i made before , i 'm not counting refugees who arrived here from afghanistan 10 years ago as part of this current crisis . 
  this year , more than half of all refugees coming to europe have been syrian . 
  and that last sentence confuses me . 
  i 've never heard of that before , does that actually happen ( if so , source ) , or is it just something to say in order to echo your own beliefs ? 
  either way , i imagine they would make people go through some kind of verification process in order to find out if they really are from syria , which should be easy enough to prove . 
  the reason that list does n't apply to this discussion is that i was referring to the amount of refugees coming each year , of whom syria are undoubtedly the largest . 
  this graph takes asylum applicants who may have applied half a decade or more ago , and puts them side by side with people who came here last month . 
   this year alone came 800,000 to germany bullshit . 
  so far it 's been 200,000 people , most of them from the balkans and eastern europe , and they have simply asked if they are aloud to stay , and on average more than half will be sent home . 
  i am so fucking tired of this 800,000 lie that keeps going around here . 
  yes , it 'll probably be even less . 
  this is one of those cases were a certain number is mentioned in passing once and people simply ca n't let go of it . 
  most of them are still at refugee centers , or have already found their way into the system . 
  when i went to an austrian school in 2011 , there was already a fresh new group of syrians who had been almost immediately sent to europe by their parents following rising tensions . 
  what about the ' 89 , when we took in thousands of hungarians by breaking the iron curtain and putting ourselves up against the soviet union ? 
  what about the ' 90 's , when we took in over a 100,000 yugoslavian refugees ? 
  we 've been there before . 
  yes , africa is a different matter entirely , that is true . 
  i was really referring to legitimate refugees though . 
  first of all , thanks for sending me a completely random and unsourced pie chart , that is clearly incomplete , since it only mentions syrians , mysterious 26 % `` others '' , and does n't even mention the remaining eight at all . 
  secondly , the number of refugees in europe in the last and this year by country are overwhelmingly syrian . 
  that weird source-like thing you sent me probably refers to people who came her half a decade ago . 
  edit : and because i 'm a good little op , i will give a quickly found search in order to back up my statement : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_refugee_population#by_country_of_origin syria currently takes the # 2 spot , after palestine , and since we do n't get many palestinians in europe , it 's fair to assume syria is the largest current refugee group in progress . 
  i do n't what to hear this overblown 800,000 number ever again , since that is only the number of * applicants * , most of whom are from eastern europe and the balkans , and 55 % of whom , on average , will be refused . 
  of course it 's more people , but it 's by no means impossible to divide a million syrians 500 million europeans . 
  draft-dodgers are n't humans i guess , so no rights for them !, 
  and what exactly is wrong with being an assad draft dodger ? 
  all true , however , the thing about the article that i linked that i found more interesting was the fact that 37 other countries , most with no connections to hungary , were extremely open and willing to take in 1000 's almost immediately . 
  and guess what ? 
  austria took in * even more * , but the majority of us are n't bitching and whining , because honestly , at this point , we 've seen way worse in terms of immigration . 
  ( from your country too , may i add ) and how does this have anything to do with the fact that most refugees are syrian ? 
  you know , * the reason we started arguing * . 
  i am single-handedly the biggest ally of the islamic state ? 
  wow , all that money i donate to the ypg must have been for nothing then . 
  honestly , what even is this . 
  i want refugees to have access to their human rights , `` may i rest in hell for it '' . 
  how is that psychology ? 
  you 're putting yourself in a position you can not possibly visualize , then make assumptions about what you would do , and then berate people actually in that position for not doing what you would . 
  it 's like you 're on a high horse on top of an ivory tower . 
  most of the women and children left almost immediately years ago , leaving the men to either fight or protect their homes whilst they were gone . 
  the women and children still coming now are those from recently touched areas like palmyra . 
  i think the events are quite similar . 
  an autocratic and brutal government is shaken up by demands for democracy and responds with brutal force , using weapons and arms supplied by yours truly , russia . 
  if anything , syria is far worse than the hungarian revolution , since more people have been killed , more people have been displaced , more human rights have been violated and it has lasted several years longer . 
  oh , i agree . 
  but what i thought was more interesting was the fact that 37 other countries , most of them with no shared history with hungary , were almost immediately ready to take in 10 's of thousands . 
  the vast , * vast * majority of refugees in europe are indeed syrian , yes . 
  for me , it 's less the rudeness ( since i never really interact with tourists ) but the general obnoxiousness , in which i think chinese and americans take the cake . 
  honestly , a peacock looks a lot more divine than a wrinkly old man , and that guy 's the god of all abrahamic religions . 
  professional armchair philosophy right there . 
  have you ever heard of this little event called syria ? 
   many of the hungarians crossed the borders with the help of smugglers , and many arrived without id papers -- but it did not tarnish their image or impede their acceptance as refugees . 
  in some ways little has changed in the world of refugees , except perhaps that 50 years later the world seems much less inclined to respond with such spontaneous hospitality . 
   from dachau of course . 
  are men not aloud to live ? 
  the austrian government should start doing the same . 
  i read some of the comments on the newspaper article about the immigrant tragedy from 2 days ago in which 71 people died in a tiny truck on the austrian border , and the comments by `` concerned austrian citizens '' were beyond horrific . 
  `` 71 down - how many more left to go ? '', 
  `` good , that should send a clear message to the rest of them . '', 
  `` finally some good news . '', 
  honestly , these things should not be tolerated . 
  is n't the entire description that the commentor above linked only visible * when * taking a stroll through the neighborhood ?
