  one actively attempted to exterminate an entire ethnicity , and one ( officially ) believed in the equality of all races . 
  one saw a woman as a mother who could give birth to as many soldiers as possible , and one saw a woman as a soldier . 
  of course , they are similar in totalitarianism and the way they treated dissidence . 
  but do n't be fooled , the soviet union and nazi germany were fundamentally different . 
  dude , the russian kingdoms were founded in kiev ... 
  hey , i 'd be up for some communo-syndicalism . 
  i was not expecting this from our current government , very happy about this !, 
  well , how about you give the money to the un and the african union instead of trying to handle it yourself . 
  - every austrian habsburger to his cousin ever, 
  there already is plenty of acknowledgement for this ... putin literally just mentioned it a few hours ago ( http://ru-facts.com/news/view/45641.html ), 
  not if we give it to the un or the african union . 
  i agree with you . 
  i 'm not saying we as european nations should just start controlling africa , but instead fund the un and the african union to reach a better future . 
  i , for one , did n't want gaddafi killed . 
  i wanted a smooth transition to a democratic libya , true , but i never asked for his death . 
  also , that is one conflict out of hundreds in which humanitarians have done nothing but attempt to help the suffering people . 
  i never said `` civilize '' . 
  we must show solidarity by building schools and funding education , so the next generation will have a far higher education level than before . 
  well , of course , it 's a far larger country that historically is better equipped to endure waves of immigration . 
  however , austria still has their fair share of immigrants , undeniably . 
  we already do that ... 
  ever heard of traiskirchen ? 
  also , vienna is one the cities with the highest immigrant population on europe . 
  we 've failed at stabilizing because we 've been doing it almost exclusively militarily , instead of focusing on building hospitals , public housing and schools , ensuring the next generation grow up in a safe , modern environment where their lives are n't dominated by fear , from drones or from islamist terrorists . 
   you ca n't enforce change on a population that is n't interested . 
  i really do n't understand your reasoning behind this . 
  do you think because they flee their countries , they do not want to help them ? 
  believe me , these people want nothing more than to live a peaceful , safe life in their homeland . 
  they do not have the means to change it alone . 
  so , humanitarians are to blame for humanitarian crisis ' around the world ? 
  what ? 
  there 's a difference between imposing your culture and military power on other people , and believing in solidarity . 
  i 'm a communist arguing for solidarity . 
  if we help others , if we spread our wealth ( a large part of which was received due to colonization , so we owe them something anyway ) , we can truly help making life simpler in these problematic regions of the world . 
  we will make no enemies by helping the poor , the sick and the destitute . 
  how about we are good fucking human beings who do n't like seeing billions suffer ? 
  we are so rich , living in luxury and safety never before known to humanity , and there are hundreds of millions living in constant fear . 
  is it so fucking wrong to expect people to care about each other ? 
  the problem with iraq and afghanistan is that we never really attempted to `` stabilize '' them . 
  hussein was a genocidal dictator , but the we westerns certainly destabilized iraq when we got rid of him . 
  it 's a similar case in afghanistan . 
  instead of stabilizing a nation building schools , hospitals , social housing , investing in modern education , instead of uniquely using our military to keep the country fro , descending into war . 
  as a result from our aggressive tactics , people from pakistan despise the us ( even though their governments is an ally ) , because we made ourselves look so damn hostile by rolling in tanks , jets and soldiers . 
  our intentions were good , our delivery was n't . 
  fair enough . 
  it is true that the fp\u00d6 ( freedom party of austria ) is indeed both hardline right-winged and the most popular it has been in recent years , but i 'm still unsure whether or not it 's currently # 1 . 
  anyway , i was just pointing out that op was n't being quite accurate . 
  i wonder if that 's only the case with austria , maybe the rest was incorrect as well ... 
  calm down . 
  i do n't know why you pretend like stabilizing a country has never worked in the past . 
  the us ( for once , bless them ) stabilized post-war europe greatly thanks to the marshall plan . 
  without it , most countries in europe that are extremely developed today would probably be the opposite . 
  secondly , what makes you think that only muslims immigrate to european countries ? 
  most immigrants are actually from nations such as eritrea , sudan/south-sudan , somalia and other more central african states . 
  and even though these countries do have problems with radical islamism , it does n't mean that the population follows that belief ( see : boko haram in nigeria , extremely unpopular and hated by christians and muslims alike ) . 
  i 'd say both a nationalist and an internationalist wave . 
  i have a feeling we 're returning to the hectic period of the between-war era , where moderate parties made way for extremists , with radical ideals and new visions of the future . 
  are you saying detroit is run-down due to immigration ? 
  'cause that 's some grade-a bullshit . 
  detroit is so poor due to it 's people relying on the auto industry to provide them jobs , jobs which have been outsourced and jobs provided by companies now bankrupt . 
  ^ please ^ god ^ let ^ this ^ be ^ / s, 
  no , the truth is we should fucking stabilize the war-torn , backwards poorhouses of countries that the immigrants come from , making their lives less of a hellish fight for survival and more like something fit to the 21st century . 
  i was n't aware the \u00d6vp ( austrian people 's party ) was far-right , or number one in the polls . 
  last i checked , they were a mild centre-right party that is struggling to remain the second biggest party in austria . 
  they already do that . 
  here 's the welcome they received . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dpxv4aff3ia spoiler alert . 
  it 's horrifying . 
  he was also a lot more democratic than stalin . 
  still quite an authoritarian figure , but a vast improvement from anyone post-lenin . 
  as a communist , i would really enjoy some of that pro-communist circlejerk that you say is so common here . 
   leftist ethno-business what are you even talking about ? 
  if i 'd have to chose between an army that supports a feudal society with an absolute monarch and an army that supports equal rights and progressivism ( laws on homosexuality and abortion ) , i 'd definitely go for the second option . 
  please , this kind of reasoning is extremely destructive and does n't encourage any real discussion ... 
  i know . 
  that 's what i said . 
  lenin did n't use a democracy to build socialism due to the civil war and the instability . 
  he opted for the less ethic but overall `` faster '' road . 
  the provisional government was a bourgeois dictatorship . 
  the peasants and workers were starving and getting slain in war , they wanted change . 
  i 'm a convinced marxist . 
  i 'm sick of this `` le ameri ** kkk ** a '' bullshit making me and like-minded people look like idiots . 
  of course the us is responsible for some terrible acts of murder , no one denies that . 
  but no horror reaches quite as close as that of the soviet union . 
  sure , of course some horrible things were done under lenin . 
  but people always forget what russia was like back then . 
  civil war , left and right-winged militias trying to claim territory , etc. 
  russia was a mess . 
  it would have been very hard for a democracy to fix those problems in a fast , orderly manner . 
  terror is a horrible thing , but it creates some stability . 
  not to mention kafka , einstein , sartre , steinbeck and de beauvoir . 
  what people often fail to see about lenin is context . 
  without context , you look at the death toll and the dictatorship and say `` what a bloodthirsty monster . '', 
  however , with context it 's very different . 
  emerging from a abhorring world war , russia quickly descended into an extremely bloody civil war , which lasted several years and claimed tens of thousands of lives . 
  lenin , the leader of the bolshevik party , wanted desperately to establish a communist state . 
  this was made impossible to do in a democratic manner , due to the white army attempting to reclaim the throne , foreign nations backing and openly supporting rebel militias and the left parties doing what the left does best : arguing . 
  lenin was not a patient man . 
  he wanted an end to conflict and a begin to reform on the road to socialism . 
  he thought that forming an authoritarian dictatorship would allow him and his party to successfully combat the white army , `` settle '' and `` calm '' disputes within the left and start paving the way for a classless society .
