yes . 
  it would be a fascinating field , done right . 
  social `` science '' my ass . 
  because modern science has found that the sami people are n't indigenous in northern sweden . 
  germanic tribes were there before . 
  one problem is that the promise of having your personal sex slave appears to be an efficient recruitment tool for getting wannabe ( male ) jihadists to the region . 
  the social democrats have been the largest party in every single national election since 1917 . 
  now they would be number two . 
  ( that is not what i hear from my friends in poland . 
  they say they have to bribe their doctor to actually get medical treatment , and so on and on . ), 
  restaurant culture : i have only visited wroc\u0142aw , but i have visited it many times over the past 8 years . 
  it 's a city with 600k citizens that has all of the culinary delights of a city with 30k inhabitants in western europe . 
  i guess what i mean that it is not particularly well-spread , to the degree that it exists at all . 
  ok , let 's imagine there 's no or little corruption in poland , the infrastructure is there , etc. 
  why is the gdp per capita for poland approximately half of the same for sweden ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  go for it . 
  british people are so goddamn annoying . 
  well , there are things such as gdp/capita , the corruption perceptions index , gini index , global innocation index ... 
  continue fighting the corruption ( the single most important thing ; everything else follows naturally from this ) . 
  continue improving your food/restaurant culture . 
  build more infrastructure . 
  etc etc. 
  in 20 years you should be on par with `` western/northern '' europe in most parameters . 
  there 's always a rush of news like this every ten years ; as a nation swedish is right now busy finalizing the upcoming ten year national production and consumption plan . 
  the deadline is september 30 and the plan goes into action january 1 , next year . 
  got ta get all the details right - noone wants a repeat of that unfortunate nationwide lack of toilet paper for the last two years of the 1996-2005 plan . 
  what 's the color of plasters sold in countries where most customers are dark-skinned ? 
  huh ? 
  it happened in the part of the store where they sell kitchen utensils ( including knives ) . 
  i think we can look forward to adult-proof packaging of knives at ikea in the future . 
  calm down , little brother who will never amount to anything compared to sweden . 
  i think you do n't know the meaning of the word `` option '' . 
   google has little/no assets in france so good luck commencing enforcement action . 
  they have a lot of customers in france buying ads . 
  see e.g. 
  i think google has three options : 1 . 
  cease operations in france ( that would be costly , their yearly ads revenue in france seems to be in the billions of euros ) 2 . 
  block the relevant urls globally 3 . 
  block the relevant urls from searches performed by users with french ips doing it on a domain level is a poor attempt at circumventing the law . 
  any user can end up on google.com rather than google.fr , by explicit choice or factors such as the cookies set by various google properties and the browser language setting . 
  i try to avoid schiphol if i can now - like 80 % of the ( many ) landings i have been in there have been quite scary . 
  seems like public opinion there is in favor of eating the cake and having the cake . 
  in this case they asked a particular population that through their own democratic process has gotten themselves into this fantastic idiotic mess . 
  is it really a surprise that this population made the worst possible choice ? 
  this is idiotic bullshit . 
  the greece state has plenty of valuable assets they can sell off . 
  they are refusing to do so because they would rather have someone else give them some free money . 
  giving money to greece would be like giving money to the kardashians . 
  let 's just hope they also ban drm by mistake . 
  and the $ 2.5 b minecraft . 
  quite related : http://www.cnbc.com/id/102697372 ( `` soaring housing costs forces talent to flee silicon valley '' ), 
  huh ? 
  yeah , language is not the issue . 
  it is an issue , but it 's minor . 
  i think malta is the closest thing to this today . 
  all those online gambling companies are based there ... 
  you 're twice as likely to die from cold in the uk than in sweden . 
  anyone who has seen uk housing standards will not be surprised . 
  not yet - they will . 
  ( did youtube do any monetization when google bought them ? ), 
  i think those three examples were worth their acquisition prices . 
  a few years ago people were saying google was insane for paying $ 1.65 b for youtube . 
  it would have to be some sort of special eu territory - not a part of a single member state for it to work . 
  neutral grounds . 
  this is just stupid . 
  is google the result of a tulip mania-like thing ? 
  bail out greece - get some really nice islands and make them a super-free economic trading zone ( like hk/sg ) . 
  au contraire , europe has at least 25 wannabe silicon valleys  . 
  europe sucks for this kind of thing . 
  taxation issues - for instance stock options are taxed to death 2 . 
  no venture capital culture 3 . 
  a culture that thinks failure means the person must not be allowed to try again . 
  the strong employee rights mean employees stay for decades with the same company rather than moving around ( with their know-how ) every couple of years . 
  it also means companies are scared to expand `` too fast '' . 
  so is this muslim immigrants or `` travellers '' from eastern europe ? 
  you mean you love their social marketing team . 
  good on you !, 
  the airline itself is kinda crummy , imo . 
   a beggar in sweden gets 600 $ / month . 
  ( 20 $ / day , including weekends ) estimates i have seen seem more like 1200 $ / month . 
  i guess that is before any pimp fees though . 
  brainwashing by media + naivety + getting that sweet endorphin rush from `` doing something good to a real person '' . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  it 's entirely possible to mock idiotic leftism without seeming cruel . 
  and many popular bbc comedy shows throughout history are quite apolitical : monthy python , the office , qi , would i lie to you ? , ( top gear !, 
  ) , etc etc. 
  i now know how the americans who consistently voted against gwb felt when facing foreigners . 
  blinded by the feeling of being `` good '' . 
  these retards who have been running swedish politics and media - they are seriously high on `` being good '' . 
  we still have a totally broken debate climate in sweden . 
  the 10 % who are most towards the left dominate the debate , since they run the media . 
  ( oh , and the primary reason they run the media : leftist people are willing to be underpaid `` for the cause '' . 
  the people who are centrist or right-leaning do n't bother with this - instead they make 2x more money in `` real '' companies . ), 
  the other people who are speaking , but primarily only anonymously are the 20 % rightmost people . 
  the people in the middle are still scared enough that they do n't dare to say what they think . 
  they have been taught for the last few years that they can lose their job/friends if they publicly say e.g. 
  `` there 's too much immigration '' . 
  even though anonymous polls show that the majority of people think so . 
  it 's a really bizarre place to live in .
