god , she 's awful . 
  ' i wo n't debate him because he 's not a real candidate ' ? 
  then shut up and go home ? 
  here are eco 's 14 points taken from [ this source ] ( http://www.openculture.com/2016/11/umberto-eco-makes-a-list-of-the-14-common-features-of-fascism.html ) :  1 . 
  the cult of tradition . 
  `` one has only to look at the syllabus of every fascist movement to find the major traditionalist thinkers . 
  the nazi gnosis was nourished by traditionalist , syncretistic , occult elements . '' * the rejection of modernism . 
  `` the enlightenment , the age of reason , is seen as the beginning of modern depravity . 
  in this sense ur-fascism can be defined as irrationalism . '' * the cult of action for action 's sake . 
  `` action being beautiful in itself , it must be taken before , or without , any previous reflection . 
  thinking is a form of emasculation . '' * disagreement is treason . 
  `` the critical spirit makes distinctions , and to distinguish is a sign of modernism . 
  in modern culture the scientific community praises disagreement as a way to improve knowledge . '' * fear of difference . 
  `` the first appeal of a fascist or prematurely fascist movement is an appeal against the intruders . 
  thus ur-fascism is racist by definition . '' * appeal to social frustration . 
  `` one of the most typical features of the historical fascism was the appeal to a frustrated middle class , a class suffering from an economic crisis or feelings of political humiliation , and frightened by the pressure of lower social groups . '' * the obsession with a plot . 
  `` the followers must feel besieged . 
  the easiest way to solve the plot is the appeal to xenophobia . '' * the enemy is both strong and weak . 
  `` by a continuous shifting of rhetorical focus , the enemies are at the same time too strong and too weak . '' * pacifism is trafficking with the enemy . 
  `` for ur-fascism there is no struggle for life but , rather , life is lived for struggle . '' * contempt for the weak . 
  `` elitism is a typical aspect of any reactionary ideology . '' * everybody is educated to become a hero . 
  `` in ur-fascist ideology , heroism is the norm . 
  this cult of heroism is strictly linked with the cult of death . '' * machismo and weaponry . 
  `` machismo implies both disdain for women and intolerance and condemnation of nonstandard sexual habits , from chastity to homosexuality . '' * selective populism . 
  `` there is in our future a tv or internet populism , in which the emotional response of a selected group of citizens can be presented and accepted as the voice of the people . '' * ur-fascism speaks newspeak . 
  `` all the nazi or fascist schoolbooks made use of an impoverished vocabulary , and an elementary syntax , in order to limit the instruments for complex and critical reasoning . '' [ here ] ( http://www.nybooks.com/articles/1995/06/22/ur-fascism/ ) you can read the whole essay . 
   there is zero logic there . 
  do you seriously not understand how crazy you sound ? 
  it 's not an inevitable outcome , but mass discrimination ( and worse ) usually has a starting point that seems innocuous compared to the end result . 
  the holocaust was possible because jews were hated long before the nazis came along , they just built on that . 
  if you look back to the 19th century , you can find debates about jews that are very similar to debates that happen today about muslims . 
  ` they are foreign , they wo n't assimilate . 
  they are a threat to german culture , etc. ', 
  if you know german you can read something about that [ here ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/berliner_antisemitismusstreit ) . 
  no , trump is not hitler . 
  but the anti-muslim sentiment that he 's stirring up does have consequences and together with a general rise of islamophobia in the west it does conjure up dangerous parallels to historical events . 
  to casually dismiss these parallels is pretty irresponsible . 
  you 're right , but that 's an entirely different subject and it 's got nothing to do with what i said . 
  what you 're talking about is the arbitrariness of the distinction between dialects and languages . 
  you could definitely call norwegian and swedish dialects of the same language for example , and you could definitely argue that bavarian dialects are a different language than standard high german . 
  it 's a political thing . 
  again : i do n't know why you bring it up because i did n't contradict any of this . 
  i already said that the borders between countries ( and languages ) are somewhat arbitrary and mostly social and historical constructs . 
   where does german begin and end , though ? 
  is bavaria german ? 
  what about austria ? 
  is baden german ? 
  switzerland or alsace ? 
  is pomerania german ? 
  what about adjacent parts of poland ? 
  is kiel german ? 
  what about denmark ? 
  is ostfriesland german ? 
  what about friesland ( netherlands ) ? 
   well , i was mostly talking about german culture , not the german state . 
  of course east prussia in poland is n't german anymore because it 's polish now and there 's only a small minority of people left who still speak german . 
  baden , western pomerania ( vorpommern ) , ostfriesland , kiel and bavaria are german because they 're part of the german state . 
  i never made an argument about former territories still being german , so i do n't really know why you bring it up . 
  when it comes to german culture , it depends on the distinctions you make . 
  let 's take literature for example : usually , when people talk about german literature , they talk about literature that was written in german . 
  that includes austrian and swiss writers . 
  the uniting characteristic here is language . 
  generally though , there 's a difference between german and austrian culture and people treat these as two different entities , although they are still connected by language and history . 
   i mean especially a nation like germany which has only existed for 140 years or so . 
  think of the argument that germans need to `` learn their culture/history . '', 
  but take figures such as kant and goethe who never even existed at the same time as a german state . 
  well , germany as a unified state is pretty young , but goethe still saw himself as a german and german culture in that sense is much older than the german state . 
  generally though , i agree that the whole idea that there are isolated cultures that need to be protected from foreign influence is silly . 
  there were always large movements of migrants and there were always foreign influences . 
  if you look at european nations right now , they were all formed by influences from different cultures . 
  well , that 's really depressing . 
  i know that over here in germany , there are many turks who admire erdogan . 
  i actually got into an argument with one of them , they simply do n't believe anything that 's said in the media , it 's incredible . 
  does he really have so much support ? 
  and have his actions against journalists and other people had any influence on that ? 
  this is not just ` speech that the government does n't like ' . 
  this is re-enactment of an ideology that destroyed europe and is responsible for the murder of millions of people . 
  they are the enemy of anyone who cherishes liberty and democracy : it 's disappointing that americans seem to have forgotten that . 
  since 1949 , germany has fought against these people who tried their best to destroy this country and this continent once again and the measures taken against their movements have worked pretty well . 
  we have made our experiences with allowing these people to thrive in a liberal and democratic society : it lead to total destruction . 
  and no , it never lead to slippery-slope-type problems where these measures were broadened to include people who just have differing opinions . 
  the definition is pretty clear and almost impossible to alter : these laws are used against people who are anti-democratic ( i.e. 
  they want to destroy the constitution and install an authoritarian government ) and who discriminate against minorities . 
  those things are not acceptable in germany because democracy and equal rights are guaranteed by the constitution . 
  why should it even matter if they choose an ancient figure ? 
  it 's about the greatest of all time , not the greatest of the last 100 years . 
  the greeks and many other nations with cultures that reach back into antiquity are proud of their history and calling it petty is idiotic . 
   jesus fuck , what happened to the west 's priorities ? 
  nothing . 
  the west 's priorities result from humanism , tolerance , enlightenment . 
  the belief that all men and women are equal and that to discriminate against other people based on their sexuality , gender or the color of their skin is despicable and unacceptable in a liberal democracy . 
  these values are codified in germany 's basic law . 
  it 's people like you who do n't get it . 
  you would prefer a world with less empathy , with less equality , where there are people who are worth more than others . 
  you 'd gladly get rid of our values because you do not share them : you would accept that others are being treated like shit just so that you can feel a little bit more safe . 
  you look at refugees and see enemies of the west , i look at you and see the same . 
  you find it acceptable that people in germany are excluded from public activities because of their ethnicity : you have learned nothing from our history . 
  if people started to put up notes in front of their stores saying ` keine fl\u00fcchtlinge erlaubt ' you would n't be alarmed , you would defend it . 
  basically , you 're a fucking racist and a much bigger problem than refugees and all the other bullshit you 're so worried about . 
   i do n't know .
