  more manpower is always better , at least early, 
  u got le troled, 
  um , shut up racist, 
  thank you norway for your money and people being so rich that they do n't give a fuck thank you estonia for having the best flag in the world thank you vatican for jan pawe\u0142 thank you italy for pizza thank you mr. skeltal for calcium in my bones, 
  give back reperations for the deluge svenskj\u00e6vel, 
  that 's racist !, 
  european privilege !, 
  they can be horrible , but atleast they are a viable transport over short distances . 
  now , you have been disciplined to be a perfect target , do n't let your guard down . 
  maybe the solution is to pay more than 100 % taxes, 
  it was the jews !, 
   it went to shit when people started to take big guards to parliament ( paid by the same person that bought your veto ) . 
  really ? 
  any links ? 
  no fun allowed, 
  why english , let 's get back to latin, 
  that 's still not an excuse to feed a troll , why are you people so willing to debate so much to a retard when you could just ignore it and call it a day, 
  \\  mfw no face, 
  a what ? 
  why would you question anyone on the internet it 's not like they will lie, 
  i speak : polish english both norwegians and a tiny bit of spanish and am considering learning japanese, 
  jan pawel sends his regards, 
  definitely handy, 
  well , both live in the same country, 
   but this has nothing to with what 's happening in poland . 
  did i say anything different ? 
  quite possible , i just have a vague memory of one parade years ago which was not well received . 
  i am talking about my general from what i 've seen in the media over the years around the world , not saying it 's perfectly accurate but it 's what i was exposed to, 
  they would n't have a casus belli if japan did n't insult them ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ( sorryfortheeu4memes ) but we do n't know when , do we ? 
  i got to say , your bait was pretty successful, 
  are you really out of any arguments that makes you resort to weak insults ? 
  internet guidelines : 1 . 
  upon discovering a bait , please leave it alone for your own jimmies ' safety, 
  yeah , i see your point , but ca n't you just reserve that penalty that have been proven , and those with no certain proof just recieve the '' old '' penalty ? 
  again , i get your point , but there is certainly a way to be actually '' productive '' with the death penalty without replacing everything with it, 
  well , as an example , if you had video proof of someone raping your child , would you seriously even think of giving them a second chance , let alone let them stay in the public ? 
  there are scenarios where there is 100 % proof someone is guilty , i get that not all crimes are 100 % , but some of them are . 
  how about breivik , the guy killed a lot of people , he will most likely never leave jail . 
  what 's the point of him being a drain on the taxes ? 
  not siding with anyone but your argument is not that convincing when you are implying that there are no crimes that can be proven with 100 % certainity, 
  too bad other countries lost cores there years ago, 
  thanks , in that case i see the point . 
  seems weird and stupid when you select it like that as a state, 
  how so ? 
  i imagine that doing a crime that would get you a lifetime in jail that is 100 % proven , could get you a death penalty , without affecting any other crime since those would still be '' not 100 % '' proven or would not be so severe ? 
  the old crimes still stand on the same ground , it 's just that the top of the punishment is rised . 
  this would not be a problem if it is properly enforced imo , but trusting people with this stuff is obviously a valid concern, 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but i thought marriage is a religious thing , so the representatives of the religion have full right to decide what they believe is right , so i do n't know why people are so pissy about it . 
  there could be some law that makes married people benefits , i do n't really know could use some help here if not , why are people being so mad at not being allowed to do something they '' should n't do '' ? 
  this is completely discarded if there is some advantage to being married obviously, 
  well , i do n't think anyone would deny that christianity has done a lot of good things europe , but it just looks like being religious/christian is more rare nowadays and people associate being an atheist with people being '' enlightened '' so it means religion is evil/wrong, 
  / r/atheism would kill you, 
  i got a better idea , let 's get a union with lithuania and demand all the commonwealth territory, 
  you realize this could potentially destroy the economy/research of countries ? 
  it 's not like every country is pumping doctors for themselves , look at how many people invented stuff outside of their borders for example, 
  you know ... well ... 
  i do n't even, 
  why even bother with wasting ammo ? 
  just nuke it and be done with it, 
  i do n't understand your point , could you explain, 
  completely agree , flag not relevant ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ remove ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ homogay i honestly do n't know how bad is it to be gay , even in janpawel poland , but i 've never seen anyone discriminate homosexuals openly , like if someone brought up the gay topic and someone would respond with '' fucking gays they are subhuman '' or something . 
  i honestly do n't care if you like to suck penises , but if you want to be accepted by using some naked parades , then you might lose respect of some people, 
  a dictator must somehow keep his power , maybe it was the reason for those things, 
  it 's because i 'm black is n't it ??? 
  nothing better than babykaker with gut sauce, 
  to add to this , even your native language when you are an immigrant can be quite hard to ace . 
  you do n't use perfect grammar every day and it can be quite a lot to take in . 
  atleast from personal experience, 
  but no homo, 
  reported, 
  i 'm sure some people see it as a bonus if we are talking about russians . 
  northern norway, 
  cheap prices and living close to a big city . 
  my friends and the culture in general . 
  flat land , it 's so fucking annoying to go down 100 meters then up 100 meters each time i go to school, 
  that test is hard, 
  maybe the revolts will split it into novogrod and muscovy, 
  that site can be pretty bad on some things imo, 
  yes , also give them some cloth ones so they can sew them on their clothes and wear them everywhere, 
  you 're quite the edgy guy, 
  i still ca n't understand seal clubbing, 
  same thing happend in most of europe , there were tiers of pricing for different countries , but now they 're gone and you have to pay the same price everywhere . 
  witcher schools !, 
  obviously, 
  maybe it 's maybelline, 
  \\ #notallmuslims, 
  he has been german for only 8 days and is already moving out , jesus people start actually checking how old an account is before you fall for the bait , any topic about immigrants will have those, 
  it 's easier to remember the bad than the good . 
  the army, 
  cheeky cunt, 
   if it was evolutionarily disadvantageous for human specie , it would have died during the time of human evolution people get born to this day with birth defects or other handicaps that make them `` disadvantaged '' . 
  is it any different ? 
  we are still evolving . 
  we will do more science/minute that way, 
  [ thunderfury , blessed blade of the windseeker ], 
  can someone explain how is this misleading ? 
  those are n't true immigrants !, 
  god damn immigrants ruined immigration, 
  watch out , you might get fined too, 
  `` social experiment '' `` in the hood '' [ gone sexual ],
