  1 money = 1 money, 
  remove gay homosex , satans work, 
  nazi greece uses force on kids and women to take fingerprints !, 
  just put showcivilians = true ; in the satellite code , duh, 
  racist norwegians with their norwegian money !, 
  i ca n't find it , but i remember seeing a map in school that showed that most common swearwords in the south were religious like `` helvette '' and were replaced by genitals the farther north you went . 
   negative stereotypes you are implying their cultural clothing is something negative, 
  find out in the next episode !, 
  make ~ ~ america ~ ~ the commonwealth great again, 
  11 out of 10 high, 
  i want to get off ms. merkels wild ride, 
  that 's what my priest said, 
  literally putler orbashenko, 
  there is , depending on who you ask, 
  norway is not flat, 
  spurdo best meme, 
  oh so now skin color does n't matter ? 
  i 'll tell it to the people who yell racism and xenophobia on any criticism to `` fragile minorities '' , i 'm sure they 'll understand , after all i 'm just a worthless pole who is n't treated like someone better just for where i come from or how i look, 
  poles are white , so they are n't a `` special '' `` minority '', 
  took me 2 months to speak it fluently after i moved here . 
  went to a norwegian school though , so i got exposed to a lot of it daily . 
  wow , that was really a surprise . 
  why ? 
  old people gon na old, 
  polan can into relevant countries club, 
  why ? 
  grey country for grey people !, 
  that 's like an opinion man the polish version is much more detailed , in which it states that in 2014 a person was apprehended for throwing an empty juice box at the parade . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parada_r%c3%b3wno%c5%9bci gay parades are something most poles would associate with those where gay people walk in underwear or some costumes , from my experience . 
  i do n't think they would have anything against an equality parade though . 
  this is just my speculation as i have not had a good touch with general polish views , but my friends ' . 
  i 'm pretty sure that description could describe the majority of poles ' feelings towards gays , although i never heard about the kids part . 
  nazis even, 
  this time of the year again ... 
  they are on vacation, 
  where was the solidarity when germany made deals with gazprom ? 
  yes stupid dumb slavs all their fault . 
  merkel did everything she could do stop this horrible situation , meanwhile everyone east of germany lives in castles with servants planning their next move on how to make the earth a worse place . 
  do i need to link the story how the `` refugees '' escaped the moment they got a job , shelter and food , because they felt merkel calling for more doctors in germany ? 
  adding to the flag distribution, 
  what is that thread, 
  no , i actually had physics classes, 
  yes , i too am afraid of earthquakes and tsunamis in poland, 
  looks like some people are upset, 
  \\ + for liver with onions , very good , i used to eat it quite a lot , did n't knew it was an italian dish, 
  that 's a weak slam, 
  i think norway has all the rights to decide who can become a citizen and who ca n't, 
  wow so edgy i guess [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heddal_stave_church ) would have to be demolished too ? 
  around 5 sticks or 10 bottles, 
  yeah , i only remember once time when i saw a `` footbal enthusiast '' in a shop when he was too drunk to pick up a pack of plastic cups and he wanted the cashier to walk around and pick it up for him so he blocked the queue for like 2 minutes until his friend gave up and took it for him . 
  as long as you are n't going to football matches , your chances of encountering such people are incredibly slim . 
  i was russ last year and i still can hear this thing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wm5m9ufdofc, 
  i feel like the type of party music norway has , is kinda unique , considering the russ tradition . 
  asked the somalian, 
  you are the one buttblasted about the fact that there are different languages . 
  it 's against the law to complain about the law !, 
  yeah , shitting on american culture is not a strong point, 
  it 's reddit, 
  the one with wifi, 
  what polls ? 
  you ca n't share dank memes on wikipedia, 
  posting nazi frogs in his spare time, 
  such is life, 
  ulvs, 
  kill all humans then, 
  even poles do n't think that, 
  when you drive , odds are you wo n't crash . 
  do you wear a seat belt ? 
  anyone who defends gypsies has never lived close to them, 
  i saw some ads about the same thing in oslo . 
  do n't remember the exact amount of money , but you got paid to go back, 
  sleep tight pupper, 
  the irony in the last sentence is really something, 
  yeah , but other people did , it 's on the frontpage , but it 's liveleak so i ca n't post it here . 
  in theory , yes, 
  no you see , people in poland fight for food in daily squatting contests , and the polish eye is colorblind to be better at discerning the gray colors of polish life . 
  it 's incredibly easy to spot someone out of touch with the gypsy problem when they imply they are being discriminated against for no reason . 
  they had an empire and shit, 
  or else !, 
  vape nation \\ \\ / / \\, 
  but usa lynched blacks !, 
  no you see the russians killed only evil people, 
  that 's not good, 
  lethal force application using medium speed high mass transport vehicle, 
  that 's nice to hear . 
  here in norway a small school in narvik made national news because the parents sued it for lack of action against bullying of their kid . 
  http://www.vg.no/nyheter/innenriks/oppvekst/rektor-kjent-skyldig-for-ikke-aa-ha-grepet-inn-mot-mobbingen-av-stian/a/23466412/ the only reason why they could even sue is because both parents were teachers and i think one of the studied law , which i imagine is not available for most bullied kids . 
  i personally saw that it 's not better in other schools here . 
  maybe i was just unlucky , but the nature of norway would n't surprise me if it was way more common, 
  because most schools do n't care about bullying, 
  what europeans call christianity and what usa calls christianity , is quite the different world is n't it . 
  good combo with humanist ideas, 
  neither can most people say where nordland is . 
  just because the states are big does not mean they are separate countries with different languages and vastly different culture . 
  just buy an electrical with a timer if you are worried about that, 
  yeah , they got a huge overlap with football hooligans, 
  because le fabulous outfits and 10 shermans for 1 tiger !, 
  wehrabooism is somewhat common on reddit, 
  very circlejerky imo and putting the witcher games there made no sense . 
  also no hussars 2/10,
