yeah , `` the clash of the alder '' does n't ring quite the same . 
  that feta vs camembert feud is really getting out of control !, 
   fair play to the guy indeed . 
  settling down in cantal ... 
  see why we left ? 
  shoddy quality control . 
  and it was also made in britain ( tm ) . 
  it 's been a long week , i think i could use a glass myself too !, 
  these people may want to read the punch line then . 
  you know , the one that 's right after the bit you quoted . 
  look , i do n't mind refugees and i can see how they 'd choose to come here rather than live in the wasteland that used to be their home , but there 's only so much misery we can accommodate without impacting our standard of living and culture and at the end of the day , if their place is a mess , it 's their own fault . 
  i think it 's time for quotas on those us citizens . 
  anymore ? 
  you used to care ? 
   whole thing shows how british papers are complicit in puling the wool over the eyes of the people and redirect their anger away from those responsible . 
  and it 'll be fascinating to see where the blame gets shifted when the foreigners and the eu are out of the picture . 
  great . 
  now all those campaigns against racism can stop . 
  you just solved the problem . 
  you would n't have a more pedantically accurate word for cancer while you 're at it would you ? 
   actively trying to punish and inflict damage on the uk for leaving : asshole move . 
  in a way it 's refreshingly honest not to have to pretend liking them anymore . 
   it 'll be interesting if it goes ahead and scotland does actually gain independence from another referendum . 
  i 'd then expect the tories to remind everyone that ( some ) referendums are n't binding . 
  the french economic collapse feels like commercially-viable nuclear fusion : it 's always going to happen in 20 years . 
  i hate these filthy neutrals , kiff . 
  with enemies , you know where they stand , but with neutrals ? 
  who knows . 
  it ... sickens me . 
  til galway is the new tijuana . 
  well , amazon.co.uk certainly did get cheaper , i know i 'll hit the purchase button on plenty of stuff i had on the backburner . 
  whether the uk actually sees any taxes from the increased sales is another matter ... 
  did mayo lose yet another final ? 
  and none is as good as [ four lions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/four_lions ) . 
  just see how fast we came up with those knowledge box plans as soon as the double irish got too much bad press . 
   i think a majority in ireland believe that we 're not - certainly i get a lot of flak for saying it - and honestly believe that we just have a competitive tax rate that makes other countries jealous . 
  yeah , i would n't mind those 12.5 % if the multinationals actually had to pay it . 
  but why would they when we 're so busy finding loopholes for them ? 
  meanwhile , the indigenous businesses ... 
  i guess you could build a very tall wall . 
   feels like a member of the club , and is n't just in it for the benefits while dodging any perceived disadvantages is some other country trying to join the efta ? 
   5 $ a bottle ? 
  that is a very good wine . 
  depends on local taxation ... 
  acceptable wine starts at $ 10 in ireland . 
  i wo n't even get into ` very good ' . 
  you 're confusing employment and research grants . 
  researchers applying for a grant are not applying for a job . 
  they already have one . 
  the process around the attribution of research grants has regulations , but not the same ones as those around hiring people . 
  note also that this is mostly driven by the nationality of institutions , not people . 
  a spanish researcher working in a uk university will be hit just the same as a british one . 
  just like a british researcher in an irish university wo n't see any changes to his grants . 
  this is due to the likelihood of those british research institutions to not be eligible for the funding over the entire project 's duration , irrespective of their staff 's nationality . 
  again , this is a distinct case from laws around employment and nationality . 
  it 's not great , but it 's probably the least damaging option . 
  try to picture how a brexit uk would paint an eu request to return research funding mid-way through projects in 2 years time ... 
  i do n't think we need that additional bitterness . 
  until you mention the corporate tax rate . 
  then we start threatening to leave ... 
  yup . 
  the microbrewery scene has exploded over the past few years . 
  there 's tons of absolutely gorgeous local brews to taste all over the country these days . 
   i 'm not even sure what a pound is ... 1.17 euros right now . 
  but check again tomorrow . 
  they should send roy hodgson to brussels , he sure can negotiate a quick exit . 
   oh , and , we are definitely not fucking british . 
  well , not officially , but sometimes you 're not in the mood to be picky ... what happens in cardiff clubs on european rugby nights stays in cardiff ... 
  as if housing prices were n't bad enough already !, 
  the revelation space universe is pretty good too . 
  even better : read the expanse . 
  i 'll let it go this time based on my using a little known provincial flag , but please do n't infer i 'm british again . 
  and boris is holding the italians by the balls over those prosecco exports too . 
  who said there was no plan ? 
  option 3 is probably there to catch all the nutters and ensure that the split between 1 and 2 is representative of the opinion of non-crazy people . 
  it 's only complaining , moaning and whinging if it 's left-leaning . 
  otherwise it 's only expressing long-overdue perfectly legitimate patriotic grievances . 
  he 's not a brit , but it 's british girls he 's putting down , and i 'd expect all of western europe to grow up in that regards . 
  there are enough topics available to have a dig at ye , this just is n't one . 
  well , that 's another topic . 
  my issue is mainly with the castigating of girls as ` sluts ' or ` non-wifey material ' because they go clubbing and enjoy their sexuality . 
  you 'd think in an age where our society gets more open-minded on sexuality in general as illustrated by the various gay marriage legislations , we 'd start accepting that females can enjoy their sex-life without it being a black mark over their worth as a person . 
   do n't call our girls sluts :( a lot of them are nice people :( it 's mad how western society is slowly awakening to the normality of gay relationships , yet females enjoying their sexuality is still seen as something they should be castigated for . 
  cool sound , and the video is up there too . 
   a strange vision of history . 
  indeed . 
  they 'd almost make you think that the 100 years war was decided at agincourt . 
  my eyes !, 
  my eyes !!, 
  at any rate though , that 's cork confirmed as the capital . 
  you never know though now that those brits are leaving ... you may want to base a few missiles in ireland , just in case ... 
  fair enough , you 've been further than most . 
  yet you 're still probably there in the `` number of baptised children '' and '' % of baptised children per birth '' for that year . 
  very much . 
  no ads and self-funded with big cash reserves , ruthlessly investigative , and very rarely loses out when dragged to courts by offended parties . 
  of the america oven ? 
   imagine if the yanks had gotten there first !, 
  check out what 's written on the oven on picture 4 . 
  having been baptized though , you count towards the stats used to legitimize the church . 
  ireland is n't part of schengen because the uk is n't , and ireland/uk free travel was deemed more important .
