  if that dies due to brexit , then i guess we 'd probably join schengen . 
  look , the money was just resting on his account . 
  they were just celebrating the ceasefire with fireworks . 
  so what if it got a bit out of hand ? 
  or we may finally get an amazon.ie, 
  well , if there 's nothing else and if the ` glass ' is big enough ... 
  must be another one of their funny bunch-of-countries acronyms . 
  it 's not looking good for that german economy now !, 
  also , neat user name . 
  are you sure this is n't castres ? 
  until more eu countries decide to compete with us and we lose the race to the bottom . 
  then we 're fecked and the situation will have to change . 
  i * love * being offset for the champion 's league . 
  since it 's a midweek thing , it 's great to have the games start earlier in the evening , at 7.45 pm rather than 8.45 pm . 
  starts earlier , finishes earlier , yay . 
  would n't it be a * shcone * rather ? 
  it makes a world of difference . 
  i ca n't read for long on an active screen , be it a monitor , laptop , tablet or phone , but i 've been through tons of books on e-ink platforms ( a sony prs-500 for many years , a kobo h2o these days ) . 
  it 's passive so does n't hurt the eyes , makes a very impression of paper and ink , reads perfectly fine in the sun , and battery that lasts for ages to the point where you never remember when you charged it last . 
  imho , e-ink is what makes a digital book reader . 
  you * can * read e-books on other platforms , but they 're just not really meant for it . 
  if only we showed the same commitment to be carbon-neutral ... 
  jeremy clarkson should be considered . 
  very diplomatic too . 
  still no condemnation i see . 
  u/khamiltoe might be onto something ... 
  with vikings and anglo-normans all having visited these shores , we should be able to tap not only the brits but also the french , danes and norwegians . 
  how about exitpol ? 
  of mordor , you mean . 
  saw it the first time you posted it . 
  and sure , in every city there are worse off areas , not sure what your point is . 
  are paris and rome absolutely ugly because they also contain poor suburbs and small dirty streets here and there ? 
   edit ; the rich get the croisette , the poor , they get fucked and that is why cannes is one of the most ugly cities on the cote , because for a large part it is nothing special than any ordinary city . 
  `` nothing special '' is a bit different from your original `` absolutely ugly '' . 
  you 're supposed to eat them . 
  the first rule of northern ireland is you do n't talk about northern ireland . 
  well yeah . 
  i do n't think there 's much effort required to defend that kind of legislation . 
  play a bit on the fear of insecurity and you 're done . 
  it 's not like the uk moves around encryption are anything better . 
  as frightening as it is , it 's par for course these days . 
  this good for security . 
  honest citizen nothing to hide . 
  new law is less terrorism , da ? 
  `` and then , i stuffed my * shirt * into her * exhaust pipe * , know what i mean ? 
  know what i mean ? 
  potato proverb ? 
  ah , makes sense . 
   the first round of the last french presidential election had 47 % of the voters who voted for a candidate who considered leaving the eu as a possible option . 
  macron came first in the 1st round and he scored just above 24 % . 
  no one had 47 % of the voters . 
  edit : right got it from the reply below , 47 % as a combination of all the eu-averse to some degree candidates . 
  iran flies mirage f1s though , not eurofighters ... 
  but we 're so neutral , like . 
  because norway also accepts the obligations that come with the benefits they 're after , freedom of movement being the key one here as it 's the one the uk seems to want to get rid of . 
  you 're going to aix ? 
  * looks through the window at the dark clouds and the rain falling * well , not * all * of us ... * sigh *, 
  the uk is an eu member state whose capital is london . 
  scotland , wales , northern ireland are n't . 
   people who have not watched the film . 
  ah come now , who has n't watched platoon ? 
   linking to freaks like dugin does n't help i know right ? 
  it 's almost like assessing `` western culture '' from the content of 4chan . 
  that 's because when the old celts shared the letters the welsh stole all the consonants , so the irish avenged themselves by hoarding vowels . 
  well , that 's the silly bits that build up to the punchline . 
  that 's a mic drop if i ever saw one ... 
  careful now . 
  feels like the city council is finally cracking down on the noisy neighbours . 
  net salary is one variable . 
  other variables include working hours , holidays , pension , healthcare , cost of education , food , location ... france might not be everyone 's cup of tea but it sure ai n't the worst place to work in either all things considered . 
   theresa may might not even be prime minster at the end of the week otoh , post-brexit , trump might no longer be president either . 
  the current ones are n't ideal apparently , bad location or too shallow for the fleet . 
  they 've been working on [ deepening novorossiysk ] ( http://www.maritime-executive.com/article/russia-launches-port-deepening-project ) but it takes time and money even before considering the rest of the facilities . 
   one must ask themselves , was any of it worth it ? 
  from a military point of view , i 'd say so , yes . 
  crimea is massive for russia strategically , and a more euro-integrated ukraine might have ended up closing down or restricting their access to it over time . 
  ca n't wait for jihadis got talent now . 
  easy . 
  he 's taking the * effective * tax rate in france in a corner case after all rebates and exemptions , and compares it to the * nominal * 12.5 % irish tax rate conveniently neglecting that it actually drops down to 0-3 % through the various schemes available ( but only for the multinational companies that make enough , the locals are still expected to cough up the full rate , who do they think they are ? 
  i always thought it was an elaborate commercial for folding chairs . 
  i 'm back from the pitch , and to be fair , it 's not that bad today . 
  the rain was definitely warmer . 
  not in galway ... 
  bring the sun with you then . 
  we could use it . 
  good riddance . 
  ca n't grow potatoes in trees . 
  but then who could you have blamed during those years ? 
  yes , if enough of them do n't return !, 
  well , those nato bases are pretty well located . 
  a fallout with turkey seeing it embrace russia would be costly from a strategic point of view . 
   his is pushing for the restablishment of the ottoman empire . 
  he wants northern syria , greek islands , bulgarian and greek parts of thrace and possibly armenian ground and washington dc apparently . 
  his watch also saw the attempt to hand over a $ 300m hospital to a convicted religious organisation that still has n't paid back what it owed the state ... 
  agreed , he got dealt a shit hand , but he did oversee his fair share of howlers . 
  certainly . 
  but no matter which way it goes , your original statement is ludicrous . 
  they obviously want to be part of both unions . 
  that this is no longer an option does n't change that . 
  and technically , they have n't had a vote either pitting an independent eu-member scotland against a uk non-eu-member scotland .
