  apparently some people got offended by this ? 
  if so , sorry then . 
  as the commenter below said they 're basically turkish rednecks , pretty much . 
  then europe would get ready for even more refugees at their door . 
  ( we 're talking about a country with 80 mil population here ) but that will never happen anyway, 
  ~ ~ shitheads ~ ~ people that support akp, 
  that 's exactly how i felt !, 
  like turkey , but with no \u00e7omars, 
  i went to greece last year for the first time and i * loved * it . 
  planning to go there next year too , and if everything goes right , i plan to immigrate to greece some time in the future . 
  i wish the horse had kicked him more in the head ... 
  i agree with you . 
  this will only help akp . 
  the average voter will see news like this and support erdo\u011fan even more . 
  i 'm a very anti-erdo\u011fan person and any enemy of erdo\u011fan is my friend but this wo n't help anyone other than erdo\u011fan 's chances of becoming a god-emperor . 
  hmm . 
  i will invade those islands next summer for you , do n't worry / u/dapdap123, 
  read the question again . 
   we had a female president btw umm ... so ? 
  man i hate akp supporters as much as the next guy but that does n't mean he 'll always be wrong . 
  do n't be prejudiced, 
  hey dude why dont u just chill out, 
  thanks bro . 
  our country is going through very tense moments these days . 
  terrorist attacks every week , our currency is worth jackshit right now , erdogan is scaring off investors and our economy is getting worse . 
  now , erdogan and his party are trying to change our constitution , which will give even more power to erdogan ( president ) and abolish the prime ministry . 
  as i said it 's really tense and the country is extremely polarised . 
  nice . 
  i hope i can arrive there before the government throws me in jail, 
  if erdogan succeeds in changing our constitution , i will buy a boat this summer and sail away to one of the greek islands , so if you know someone that could help it would be great, 
  yes, 
  did n't know i was upper class , too . 
  shit , i 'm almost below the poverty threshold . 
  what 's the problem with french secularism ? 
  all of these pics are great but holy shit , # 3 , # 20 and # 25 are my favorites, 
  welcome to turkey where telling someone they are armenian/greek/jewish is considered an insult . 
  i say this everytime on every thread about my country but god damn it is embarrassing what this country has become . 
  we are going through hard times . 
  embarrassing . 
  keep telling yourself that lie . 
  greece & armenia have a reconquest casus belli , too, 
   i do n't know what kind of media you 're exposed to in germany but here we have gay pride , lgbt magazines , lgbt festivals , gay bars and lgbt rights organizations . 
  are you sarcastic or some shit ? 
  just because i 'm curious ; do you live in turkey ? 
   right buttcheek that 's oddly specific ... is kissing the * right * buttcheek important ? 
  what happens if i kiss the left buttcheek ? 
  can confirm . 
  i am aged between 20-24 , neither in employement , nor in education or training , so this map speaks to me . 
  damn , this is the shittiest one i 've seen yet . 
  nah , not really . 
  they are culturally european, 
  well , from what i see atleast , the artist drew a brain on the top of a log i think ?? 
  or am i looking at it wrong ? 
  damn , that turkey ... basically summarizes the whole country . 
  i ca n't recognize turkey 's picture . 
  that seems like the lamest picture of turkey ever ... 
  seems like it 's just some picture he took while flying over turkey, 
  if they keep changing the education system like this it 's not that hard . 
  i thought the worst day of your life would be manzikert ( 1071 ) , no ? 
  palms are sweaty, 
   sees ataturk #bruh what the fuck !!, 
  [ this one ? 
  yup , this is my new wallpaper now . 
  thank you for posting this !, 
  erdogan is the biggest scumbag in our whole fucking galaxy there is no competition, 
  fyi this guy is very hated here . 
  although unfortunately not because of the genocide , but because he 's seen as the figure who made us enter world war 1 . 
  what ? 
  it definitely does ... 
  yeah sure we 'll see that in the next 20 years . 
  this county is royally fucked by now , do you think the newer generation will be any different ? 
  as akp increases it 's efforts to brainwash the next generation , this country will stay fucked for * decades * who do you think goes to ** alllll ** those imam hatip schools ? 
  really i 'm just being realistic here , we can dream as much as we want the next generation will be as fucked as today 's . 
  which means islamists will stay in power for a few decades, 
  lmao the next generation is gon na be so fucked i do n't what we 'll do, 
  ohhhhhhhhh man where to fucking start ... 
  okay let 's give the south-east to kurds . 
  then how about we give some of north-east turkey to armenia while we 're at it ? 
  maybe give greece istanbul too , huh ? 
  give antioch to syria again ... hmm ... 
  turkish police is very violent against anyone anti-government . 
  talk shit , get fucked . 
  welcome to turkey , where toma 's arrive faster than paramedics or fire trucks and where democracy & other liberties come to die . 
  either way , that is * so * fucked up . 
  i hope he 's okay . 
  interesting they target the flag at first ... 
  i feel really sad for the guy . 
  i bet he thought `` i 'm gon na express my self , no matter what they do ! '', 
  and then he gets hit and falls on to the concrete . 
  and all of this for what ? 
  asking for basic human rights ? 
  why does it have to be this way ... 
  dirty and crowded, 
  it really does ... 
  cyka rush b, 
  erdo\u011fan seriously does n't care about ethnic groups ... 
  they do n't know that reddit exists yet ... give them some time ... let 's hope they do n't see / r/europe and / r/syriancivilwar ... 
  it 's blocked . 
  in the picture above it just says that the site you 're trying to connect has been blocked . 
  i guess there 's some difference between the way they block that site in the screenshot and wikipedia .
