`` he who would learn to fly one day must first learn to stand and walk and run and climb and dance - one can not fly into flying . '', 
  the dark knight a few years ago , ledger and bale really put on their a game in that one . 
  i once fapped to a woman attempting to have sex with a horse . 
  i could n't stop thinking about what the fk i had watched the next day , and for some odd reason felt guilt . 
  everyone agreed that fear is the better carry already beforehand ? 
  he played carry in ti5 as well ... 
  you know that invoker is one of arteezys most played heroes throughout his dota history , next to heroes like naga , sf , od ? 
  i 'd say he will most likely drop in mmr once he recalibrates it . 
  at first i put the 35 millon option lol . 
  then during the last hour possible changed it to 20-21 million . 
  god bless, 
  i had the same problem . 
  what i did to fix it :, 
  close everything , open pangu and do the jailbreaking process again . 
  everything was fine for me after that . 
  i just recently got a massage by a guy ( before it has always been women ) and the same question came to mind, 
  i will ask in the morning and see how she considers the blocking option - which i agree on and think should 've happened as soon as they broke up . 
  i did talk to her and inquired as to why she had n't blocked him already to begin with , did not get any real answer from her . 
  in response to that i said that she does not seem all that bothered by his return , which was replied by `` thats not true '' . 
  i have a feeling i 'm missing something from this whole story . 
  i will keep this in mind , thank you , i 'll be more collected and supportive about this than i would have at first . 
  will also try and discuss the possibility of therapy . 
  if anything else comes up , i will update the situation . 
  what have you done with the rest ? 
  they have to have played 15 + solo q games in the last 21 days . 
  no , i usually have , but i wanted to see whether she would keep her word or not . 
  that is most likely the case , i told her im fed up with this and wo n't tolerate this any longer . 
  this thread made me laugh to tears in public, 
  wow , that looks amazing . 
  i 'd definitely use . 
  good job, 
  is there any way to determine whether its an psu issue ? 
  i 'll run ddu and try again . 
  at this point , after using ddu , my computer has been running dota for 10 minutes and no crashing . 
  i reckon it was the drivers fault , i will try again by installing an older version nvidia driver . 
  i tried reinstalling it 2 times , did not fix the crashing . 
  however there doesnt seem to be a way to downgrade to older drivers as the site doesnt have older drivers , do you have any experience with rolling back on nvidia graphic drivers ? 
  right before finishing the install on a previous driver , the computer crashed again like it had . 
  it seems the problem most likely does stem from faulty hardware . 
  no i am uncertain , i might have to open up the laptop . 
  it closes down instantly , nothing happens - just a black screen . 
  event viewer also gives nothing useful , or maybe im wrong . . 
  event viewer says :, 
  `` the system has rebooted without cleanly shutting down first . 
  this error could be caused if the system stopped responding , crashed , or lost power unexpectedly . '', 
  source is kernel-power, 
  alright i will run crystal disk and see if a faulty hdd might be the cause here . 
  although since im on a laptop ssd 's with over 500 gigs are rather expensive - i sure hope the issue doesnt stem from a hdd, 
  i ran a hard drive scan and it gives health status as `` good '' . 
  i 'm having no luck narrowing down the cause of this . 
  edit : also ran `` chkdsk '' and still showed up as all fine , doesnt seem to be a faulty hdd . 
  you do realize over half the players you mentioned , at this current time , do not place high in tournaments ? 
  elaborate as to how the following are better pos 1/2 players ;, 
  mushi, 
  zhou, 
  envy, 
  burning, 
  miracle - ( big downfall after og , hasnt been in tier 1 teams before og run ), 
  i ca n't even see the reasoning in meantioning some of these players as top 10 . 
  dendi , xboct and mushi ? 
  really ? 
  they havent even been playing tier 1 dota for over a year . 
  edit ; added w33 , sylar, 
  my mistake , had forgotten the `` all time '' part by the time i got to replying . 
  we were supposed to have dinner - its always been specific plans not just `` lets go out on x day and see what we 'll do on the run '' , its rather that we have actually planned the activities . 
  and no we dont usually have specific days that we meet up , we decide a few days before depending on when we have time - so we had discussed this through and she did in fact have free time today . 
  i waited for 10 mins after her school ended and then when she still hadnt shown any sign of communication , i figured she wont let me know again - so i was just heading home instead of losing another hour to nothing . 
  it would have been fine for her to not answer for 5 hours , but we still hadnt agreed upon our meeting place - we were in the middle of dicussing this anyways . 
  today she tried to bring up as an excuse that i did n't tell her that my lectures ended sooner than usual - but this makes 0 sense since :, 
  1 ) my lectures end earlier than her school today no matter if it ends sooner or not, 
  2 ) she would not have come to my school anyways, 
  3 ) i did tell her but because she didnt check her phone for several hours she had no idea, 
  since i ran a jedi squad at first and started in january , my characters are somewhat all over the place . 
  i need tips on my arena squad , im using :, 
  ep ( lead ) , vader , kylo , sidious and nihilus/royal guard . 
  i 'm usually 50-60 in arena squad rank , but now i have been starting to drop to 80-90 . 
  my characters :, 
  hey , me and my friend would like to join , we play daily and progressing fast , but still only in the level 25 range . 
  my ign is @adletmeyer, 
  1 ) i play in the eu megaserver , and i have to say its the most consistenly populated mmorpg i haveplayed in the recent years . 
  every area has other players that are questing or exploring as well , especially so in major cities . 
  i 've played for 3 months and i have never been in a situation where i havent seen other players for over ~ 3-5 minutes . 
  2 ) no , it 's not a grinding game . 
  the quests are not repetitive either , there arent really any `` kill x mob x times '' or `` gather x items '' quests , everything has a story to it . 
  i 've found questing much more fun than in any other mmorpg . 
  you can grind , it is completely viable especially in some grinding spots , however the emphasis is more on playing the game and exploring , rather than constantly trying to get xp . 
  unlike most mmorpgs , the game is completely viable before the higher-end levels . 
  3 ) it 's easy , but the dungeon finder is a bit buggy atm . 
  4 ) you do n't need the dlcs , the game is great without them too . 
  although i definitely suggest buying them , all of the dlc areas have an absurd amount of players in them . 
  edit : words missing from sentences . 
  stealing from innocent citizens and then assassinating them, 
  what addon is this ? 
  thank you, 
  well , just hit up google and first option is deltiasgaming.com , which has decent builds and are also up to date . 
  however , i would suggest you find a good guild and ask for tips/guidance there , as deltiasgaming only offers few builds . 
  also , in this meta bow nightblade is strong , it can dish out quite a lot in dungeons/trials with the right build . 
  good luck all , awesome idea . 
  2 days, 
  in my opinion she sounds like a teen girl and has no place being a caster for an event as big as a major .
