i do n't feel bitter , i think it is just inevitable that we have to learn english . 
  dutch is only a small language . 
  nevertheless , some modesty or awareness of their privileged position as native speakers would do some people from english-speaking countries good . 
  that 's true , but from what i heard the inequality in the us creates a situation where the average might seem good for the us , most people actually have lower purchasing power . 
  i think it was because purchase power in ( western ) europe is generally higher . 
  i think that the eu has made reunifying also less necessary for those who want to be active in both countries . 
  if you want to move/do business between the countries , you can !, 
  although it has a certain beauty to it on the pictures , it also looks incredibly dangerous and inconvenient . 
  it must be a though winter over there . 
  best of luck to you all !, 
  oh , sure , it is not just passively letting the us do what it wants and there is a case to make for the jsf if you just look at the whole featureset , including the functionality that is still under development . 
  but the jsf is just getting too expensive and other and actually affordable options that might serve the dutch airforce just as well . 
  i mean , we are talking about the dutch airforce here , not that of france or china . 
  ( spare parts costs for the jsf promise to be hideously expensive . ), 
  i am not denying europe 's reliability on us military . 
  i think it is shameful and lazy and letting the americans pay for something we should start trying to do ourselves as well in europe , but i do not deny it is the current situation . 
  whether a europe more independent of us firepower should rely on american technology with all the dependencies that come with that remains to be seen , though ... 
  but that is a sidetrack !, 
  i just want to reiterate that i think the dutch government is in fact to pro-us , should be more europeanist rather than transatlantic . 
  but , hey , that 's the federalist talking in me . 
  our interior minister basically said he was okay with the americans spying on us and the whole jsf drama shows how desperately the armed forces are for connections with the us . 
  that that , other countries !, 
  with your actual cuisine ... 
  i agree with asking people to learn the language of the country they move to . 
  but i also think that what our government is doing is going too far . 
  there is the ` inburgeringstest ' which asks such stupid questions . 
  some journalists tried it on natural-born dutch and they failed them . 
  then why do we require immigrants to take those tests ? 
  someone finance minister dijsselbloem managed to frame the downgrade by s&p as * support * for the government 's policy . 
  the downgrade is a lot and it also is a lot not , but it is not support for the current policy . 
  that 's not bad at all !, 
  considering the stereotypes ... 
  well , there goes the argument from contra-terrorism . 
  i did not . 
  i meant that the us is only one country , so it can only show up once in that list . 
  europe has many small countries , so it can show up many more times . 
  whether or not that means the region is more peaceful can not be said based on that . 
  the article on the guardian also explains the numbers : http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/nov/03/nazis-looted-modernist-masterpieces-germany-police 16,000 is the number of paintings that were declared degenerate , not the total amount of missing paintings . 
  such terrible destruction of private life accumulated over decades if not centuries . . 
  no clue . 
  does anyone have a source for those numbers used in the article ? 
  if the figures in the article are correct , this means they recovered almost 10 % of all stolen paintings !, 
  omg, 
  please do hurt our diplomatic sensitivities . 
  i think we ought to know what european agencies helped with this in what way . 
  ( also , would help to see how much of this holds up . 
  it 's probably partially true , but i would be very surprised if france really sent data of 70 mil + phone calls a month to the us voluntarily . ), 
  as i heard it , the evidence was that the neighbours and arriving police saw the guy abusing . 
  he was taken away for the immediate safety of them . 
  that is probably why the foreign minister expressed understanding . 
  they are not allowed indeed , but you can not prosecute or arrest them for it . 
  once in sri lanka the ambassador of burma killed his wife and cremated her in the garden of his residence . 
  normal countries would lift the immunity of their diplomat in such a case -- you can prosecute if the sending state allows so -- but burma only called him back to the country . 
  there were also a few cases of us diplomats hitting people with their cars in eastern europe without having to undergo prosecution . 
  plus there is the eternal issue of diplomats often not paying traffic and parking fines . 
  the dutch foreign minister announced he is starting arbitration to get the ship -- which sails under a dutch flag -- back . 
  i agree that it is not good to protect children from every little chance for a small disease . 
  but going against nature is something i would encourage if that means vaccinating your children against horrible diseases . 
  i might have misspelled it , but is a group of people who believe that it is healthier to let your children grow up ` the natural way ' . 
  so , no vaccinations , because getting sick and recovering is part of a healthy childhood that only makes you stronger . 
  supposedly ... 
  in the netherlands the greatest group of non-vaccinationers are the antroposophists , but their children are protected by the herd effect mostly . 
  since the sgp-voters ( strongly orthodox protestants usually , the party is almost theocratic ) tend to live in the same communities , they do n't have that effect . 
  what i see many people struggling with and what i also found hard when learning english , was where to put the stress in a word . 
  it changes a lot depending on whether or not a word is a noun or a verb . 
  it takes a while before you get the hang of it . 
  like us dutchies do !, 
  this is not only about the invasion of privacy of citizens , which i do believe is worse under nsa and gchq than under other european intelligence services . 
  it is mainly about the fact that the us is spying on very sensitive eu matters and that the eu should take a stronger position against that . 
  the european parliament can block the budget , as far as i 'm aware . 
  the european parliament can censure the commission . 
  commissioners need to be approved by the european parliament . 
  legislation and international agreements need to be agreed upon by the european parliament . 
  it can not be ignored . 
  you are factually incorrect . 
  this is probably a better link than my google translate submission , but debate is already underway at http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1heznw/dutch_rabobank_refuses_to_fund_us_fracking_and_to/, 
  the most powerful part is :  for , while european leaders have been extolling the virtues of the special relationship and approaching relations with the us like a starry-eyed , lovestruck teenager , the us government appears to have been pragmatically pursuing its own interests . 
  and  ... the eu must grow up , shape up and become a mature political actor . 
  welcome !, 
  no numbers , but there are significant costs related to this . 
  they have to pay people to check if bikes have been standing for too long . 
  if that is true , they have to cut them loose and collect them . 
  then there is a certain waiting period and only after that can they sell them . 
  but of course , not all bikes are fit for sale and most bikes left behind are of low quality . 
  not at a profit . 
  that 's like saying europe is more western than the us , because there are more western countries in europe than in the us . 
  in friesland we have a lot of town and street names in both dutch and frisian . 
  some municipalities have only frisian names , some dual and some only dutch . 
  the people outside the province sometimes get annoyed by this , because they expect everything to be in dutch , which is n't the case . 
  they say things like `` this is the netherlands , we should all use dutch . '', 
  or `` waste of money . '', 
  but they forget that the country is also that of the frisians . 
  most sporting grounds and schools in regions where people predominantly speak frisian , have frisian names . 
  but that never really caused for controversy . 
  whenever we ate out in the czech republic ( besides prague ) , they would bring out all the food as soon as it was ready . 
  a table besides us once got their deserts already when they had just started on their starters !, 
  that gives me another weird thing : other countries put ketchup on their fries !, 
  dutch tourists do this too . 
  that 's awful !, 
  i 'm sorry to hear about the mess .
