defamation is already criminalized in the rop ranking countries of this list . 
  that 's not what press freedom is about . 
  it baffles me that it apparently is n't already impossible to get a decent job with it . 
  fyi the estimated number of people using face-covering muslim clothes in norway is less than 100 people . 
  and that includes niqabs , so the number of people using a burka is probably less than a dozen . 
  i 've never seen one being used in my whole life . 
  so it is strange how people talk so much about it . 
  i use it , both because i 'm used to it from it , and because i really think it 's best either way , because it removes the month/day order ambiguity as no other common formats places years first . 
  damn , i tried changing the options to 10k instead of 1k , but now it started counting them separately on the results page so it 's messed up . . 
  i 'll assemble a proper chart or something and post it later, 
  then you clicked on the wrong thing . 
  maybe spend more than two seconds on the site before dismissing it ? 
  that site lists specific examples . 
  agreed , rip, 
  it 's also interesting how the uk site specifies genders for each item , but the polish site does n't mention gender at all . 
  electronics approved for use in vehicles are extremely reliable , they should almost never fail . 
  and they can even make faults * easier and cheaper * to repair , because it allows various sensors and self-checks around the car to compile a report for the repairman that automatically finds and points out what the problem is so that he does n't have to do any troubleshooting , and also make the owner aware of the problem before it gets too bad and leads to bigger problems . 
  i 'm not saying it should be banned by 2020 but it really is n't so bad as you make it seem . 
  evs do n't cost 30k + euro , you can get used but very decent ones for $ 10k or less , and even some brand new ones does n't cost more than $ 15k or so . 
  and with the money you save on gas , it will end up not costing much more if at all more than a fuel cars in the long run . 
  sure , range is worse than fuel cars , but even without quickchargers it is more than enough for the everyday needs of 90 % of people , even in the winter . 
  and if the government banned it leading to 100 % owner rate you can bet that a sufficient network of chargers for longer trips will get built , and fast . 
  that 's just capitalism , if there 's a demand , supply will follow . 
  but why ? 
  computers make cars safer , fuel efficient , and easier to use . 
  what 's the downside exactly ? 
  maybe it 's the same mysterious store franchise that owns a bunch of property and turns them into sleeper stores that are only active during trends like these , in order to be able to respond to them as quickly as possible, 
  that looks like paragliding paradise . 
  treeless mountaintops for easy takeoff , linear hills for steady soaring , and grass fields for landing . 
  judging from the clouds there 's decent thermalling conditions too, 
   also western norway a bit north of bergen . 
  when most days are shitty , you learn to appreciate the good days even more, 
  it 's not just a rock , it 's a rock with cute , kleptomaniac monkeys on it, 
  how were they able to carry a 100kg coin out of the museum ? 
  owner ** s **, 
  i am the 1.1 %, 
  in norway you do get a criminal record from smoking weed , no matter the amount . 
  how can it be called `` decriminalized '' when it 's most definitely still a crime ? 
  / r/finlandconspiracy, 
  til cern have their own top level url domain, 
  in the west it literally just hailed a tiny bit about an hour ago . 
  damn i ca n't imagine living in a country without mountains, 
  yay norway can into coins, 
  like he said , the price increase will not be same as the wage increase . 
  here 's an example . 
  a company uses $ 1m for wages . 
  they make a product that cost $ 4m a year to produce , which they sell for $ 5m . 
  let 's say minimum wages increase 10 % so wages have to increase 10 % and now cost the company $ 1.1 m instead . 
  how much do they have to increase the product price to avoid losing money ? 
  $ 0.1 m , so now the product costs $ 5.1 m. 
  that 's an increase of only 2 % . 
  so here you can see that for a wage increase of 10 % , prices only increased 2 % with no loss in profitability . 
  of course many companies have different numbers than these , and there are some ripple effects so that b2b prices also increase , but if you try a few different combinations you 'll see that pretty much always is the price increase less than the wage increase . 
  i 'm not assuming equal distribution at all , where did you get that idea from, 
  how do you think we could avoid it ? 
  do you expect billions of people to just obediently stay in desert areas without fresh water or farmable soil ? 
  i guess we could close all borders and protect them with military force , leaving millions to die , but without exaggeration i think that would lead to world war 3 . 
  we have lowered our birth rate and we need it to stay low for some time . 
  families from developing countries also need to lower their birth rate , and they are , but it takes time . 
  there 's a reason they are called developing countries . 
  with better healthcare and welfare their fertility will drop too . 
  yes , many will immigrate to us . 
  that 's unavoidable either you like it or not . 
  the majority of the people on the planet are from less developed countries , and yet their countries are the ones that will be hardest struck by global warming causing land to become uninhabitable . 
  to expect to be able to avoid mass immigration is absurd , there is absolutely nothing we can do about it . 
  however making our land even more cramped by having more babies in addition to the immigration would only make things worse . 
   we are talking about a replacement level birthrate . 
  like i said , even with current trends ( which in some countries are even * less * than replacement birthrate ) we will get more people . 
  10 billion is inevitable , the only question is whether it will stop on 10 billion or whether we will get even more than 10 billion . 
  even if the population growth continues with the current slowing trend , we 'll be 10 billion people on the planet in a few decades . 
  even more people is not what we need , i 'd actually call it borderline irresponsible to encourage higher fertility . 
  it would just be postponing the problem and making it even worse another generation down the line . 
  and i think increased automation and immigration will be enough to ensure quality of life for the future elderly anyway , so there is no need . 
  it 's bad because most people do n't look up this kind of stuff . 
  they just take a pill assuming that 's an appropriate dose . 
  and that can be a horrific experience if they are not prepared . 
  these are extremely strong , according to this test one pill contained 266mg mdma ( a normal dose is like 100mg ) : https://www.ecstasydata.org/view.php?id=5183, 
   dhl has collected a parcel from china and delivered it to my door in 1 day , so price does do a lot but the ranking is rating the national postal services , so the express private companies like dhl does n't count . 
  i do n't understand why norway is so low ( # 31 ) . 
  i have few complaints at all and i use the mail service extensively . 
  we 're even below italy which as far as i 've heard are almost notorious , not to mention china which can take weeks to even get a package out of their country, 
  thanks, 
  can someone explain what each of the biggest parties stands for , in a sentence or two ? 
  damn :(, 
  46 c is like literally lethal . 
  stay safe and drink a lot of water , portuguese friends, 
  it 's cool that you can see the dogger bank so clearly, 
  what 's the latin word for credit card ? 
  you 're surrounded by unlimited countries ? 
  i wish, 
  [ dj khaled 's reaction ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zd9muk2m36c ), 
  one might be able to make a fusion bomb using helium though, 
  `` is norway expensive ? '', 
  yes . 
  yes , it is, 
  they should just call it the '' * very * large hadron collider '' . 
  fits with the naming scheme of the very large telescope , and the extremely large telescope, 
  a 0.5 l bottle of plain coca cola is about $ 2.40 in norway and i hear we have a pretty similar cost of living to switzerland . 
  i guess i am optimistic , but with the current rate of progress in automation i do n't think it 's such a big stretch to think that we can support 10 billion people in the world by 2050 , regardless of how many actual jobs are left . 
  i think it depends most about whether governments prepare for such a shift away from a job-based economy so that all the newly created wealth do n't just end up in the hands of the few people owning the robots .
