  if you blaspheme , get ready for up to four years in punishment room . 
  hated the duck , loved the crow . 
  i would n't say there are any tensions but you can never go wrong with playing it safe with russia . 
  yes . 
  ( obviously i mean the land they already bought ) . 
  fucking finally . 
  this has been an issue for years . 
  now we just need to get back the land we already lost . 
  ignoring us triggers us . 
   `` so you were allied with nazis ? '', 
  most finns are either proud of or okay with our role in ww2 . 
  i appreciate that . 
  it was , i concede that point . 
  though i 'd appreciate putting the warning * before * the link . 
  it 's stupid point probably but might save someone from seeing dead puppies . 
  i do n't care . 
  put appropriate warnings next time you post gore . 
  that 's way beyond nsfw . 
  nsfw means stuff like nudity , this shit is nsfl . 
  huh , i did n't know that humor is still legal in turkey . 
  they hate russia almost as much as we do . 
  you are a special kind of dumb if you think that the only two options are federal eu and russia . 
  it 's not like , you know , eu today is a system where there is an acceptable balance between independence and cooperation . 
  for example with migrant policy there was the overall eu policy of letting them in , but individual eu states could still stall and drop out if they wanted . 
  if eu becomes a single state the inevitable outcome is the dilution and extermination of european cultures in favor of the globalist pipe dream where everyone talks the same , looks the same and eats at macdonalds . 
  that 's really not different from what russia would do . 
  i do n't understand this black and white thinking that we ca n't maintain our current system . 
  usa has stuck to a single form of government for 230 years , why ca n't we ? 
  i 'm not giving up my sovereignty to some paper pushers in brussels . 
  do n't fuck this up france . 
  and it all went downhill from there . 
  it 's one thing to have tanks and another to have tanks that are n't in disrepair or useless on the modern battlefield which i 'm sure most russian tanks are . 
  as i elaborated in another post , of course i know that russia is more evil than eu but since my concern is the survival of the finnish nation , in that sense eu and russia are just as threatening . 
  eu and russia are basically brave new world vs. 1984 , hyperbolically speaking . 
  if eu froze in the state it is today , i 'd be okay with it . 
  increasing loss of sovereignty bugs me but it 's tolerable right now . 
  what bugs me is the rhetoric and ideals of eu , the creeping desire to annihilate nation states and create a homogeneous europe . 
  my issues with the eu are things that seem to be happening down the line . 
  maybe some people here like it that way . 
  i certainly know people who think mankind would be better off as one huge blob where everyone talks the same , looks the same and dresses the same , but i 'm a lover of diversity - actual diversity not globalist false diversity - and eu the way it 's developing is an inherent threat to it . 
  i 'm looking this from an objective perspective . 
  what russians have done for us in the past , let alone our kindred peoples , is of course beyond the pale but i 'm speaking purely from the perspective of the survival of the finnish people and nation . 
  from that perspective , a federal eu and russia both probably lead to finnish extinction somewhere down the line . 
  perhaps , but being controlled by eu and russia both eventually lead to destruction of finnish national identity , probably language as well . 
  given eu 's love for migrations , ethnic composition of finland would also be tossed around just like with russia when they colonize places with their own people so that natives become minorities . 
  it 's in the interests of a federal eu to destroy all traces of the nation-state , since nation-states are a perpetual threat to an international union . 
  just like with brexit a big part of the argument was the assumed preservation of british identity which ideally would have been stamped out in a federal eu . 
  i 'm supposed to automatically accept change just because it happens ? 
  people and countries make dumb decisions . 
  in 1938 i 'm sure there were people justifying the anschluss because `` austria wanted it '' that does n't mean it was the right thing to do . 
  eu in 1995 , in the state finland joined it , was just fine . 
  it was still mostly an economic union which is fine . 
  all i want from europe is a guard against russia . 
  my end goal for finland is that we will remain a sovereign country and imo the answer to being controlled by russia is not being controlled by brussels which is the inevitable result of `` europe is one '' talk . 
  in the end the only difference between russia and a federal eu is that one of them hates gays . 
  i 'm also not very convinced that democracy and liberalism are here to stay , especially if the political establishments across europe wo n't learn from their mistakes . 
  the fuck ? 
  what 's going on there ? 
  the only thing that can be achieved in a finnish meeting is when the next meeting will be held . 
  i was a mailman for a while and during winter i wore a t-shirt and jeans to work , so i was motivated to go faster from house to house . 
  worked , although grannies questioning my sanity got old really quick . 
  did n't even get sick . 
  i really wonder what got into that man . 
  i mean , there 's always turncoats but that guy takes it to a whole new level . 
  when you dedicate your life to undermining your country , there 's something wrong with you man . 
  it 's ow kuusinen levels of treason . 
  i just realized that this is literally the first time i hear her speak . 
  the worst . 
  i 'd rather send him to his virgins than have him live out his days in a hotel on taxpayer money . 
  well we were a human shield for the swedes for a few centuries , and our fling with russia ended with attempted cultural genocide and a bloody breakup . 
  while true it 's more about the fact that genetic differences between most europeans are negligible . 
  for example austrians and hungarians are genetically basically the same people . 
  finns between each other are still much closer to each other than to other europeans . 
  do these sanctions even achieve much ? 
  i mean i 'm no friend of russia by a long shot but all this fuss about sanctions has done fuck all to stop russia 's meddling in ukraine . 
  b - but freedom of speech !, 
  [ also they could be super nasty before that time as well . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland_during_the_great_northern_war#russian_occupation_of_finland )  at least 5,000 finns were killed and some 10,000 taken away as slaves , of whom only a few thousand would ever return ; [ 5 ] according to newer research the amount of those killed is closer to 20,000 . 
  pretty devastating in a country whose population was around 400,000 . 
  while this is true to some degree , this all happened in a time when * everyone * was an asshole and sweden pretty graciously let go of us and there is no threat of them trying to take us back . 
  unlike russia which by the way has destroyed the cultures of our brothers and cousins in russia and they were nice to us for only like 50 years . 
  roma is also the latin name for rome so maybe he was referring to romanian-portuguese latin heritage , 
  well i use it in just the old school sense . 
  respect for authorities etc. 
  i do n't identify with the alt-right types if that 's what you 're implying . 
  no , i 'm not familiar with french politics . 
  and if they do have a system , go them . 
  they 'll probably get much more stuff done than our impotent parliament . 
  france seems to have a streak with lousy presidents but that 's not the system 's fault . 
  i have no idea how things were in my own country ? 
  lol , sure people did n't have the internet back then but ask any finn who lived through 1956-1982 and i guarantee most will tell that it was a good time . 
  the worst that happened was some censorship and most people to this day agree that it was a necessary evil . 
  and things today , i tell you , are absolute shit compared to those days . 
  again if you discount modern technology things were better then . 
  people had jobs , there were no security threats to finland ( that did n't exist in any other european country ) , we had maybe 90 % freedom of speech , there was a healthy degree of social discipline and we did n't have tens of thousands of welfare tourists flooding to this country . 
  and it existed in finland for 25 years and they were the best years of this country . 
  just because third world countries screw something up does n't mean it ca n't work in the west . 
  i 'm totally okay with a `` semi-democracy '' , like a country with a democratic parliament but a very strong president . 
  basically what finland had with kekkonen , who was basically a dictator . 
  moscow was founded by finno-ugric tribes , so it is us that 's got dibs on that joint .
