interesting !, 
  absolutely . 
  not trying to go to the other extreme and say that we have never taken any word from anywhere . 
  just saying that finnic peoples probably were n't some sort of linguistically defective sub-humans whose words were never adopted by other peoples . 
  of course . 
  not trying to sound nationalistic but it just bugs me that i virtually never see words being attributed to finnic languages , always the other way around . 
  `` this word sounds like this-and-this from that language , so finns must have taken it from them !! '', 
  if there is a word that is same or almost same in finnic and baltic languages , why is it that it 's automatically an originally baltic word ? 
  is it impossible that balts would have taken words from finnic peoples ? 
  i wo n't lie , i had to do a presentation on fyrom in third grade or something , i spent most of it talking about alexander the great and so forth . 
  i felt quite betrayed when i found out the truth , though the teacher definitely did n't correct me . 
  our problems come more from political incompetence than the euro . 
  full face veils are incompatible with western values and they are an inherent security concern , so i 'm all in for torching them . 
  i think nationalism is the sign of a healthy society provided that it is n't mixed with dangerous ideologies , which it is n't in most countries . 
  it 's hard not to be cynical when no matter who you vote the winners start shitting on you and betraying their promises as soon as they step in the office . 
  she will , also , know 1/2 of them . 
  eurovision has been garbage for so many years it 's a compliment to be kicked out . 
   loose lips sink ships . 
  given that finnish army lingo is the kind of stuff you 'd be able to pick up by reading a dictionary ... 
  as far as i know finnish army does n't have any special words . 
  [ redacted ] . 
  acknowledging orders would be either [ redacted ] or [ redacted ] , all followed by [ redacted ] . 
  in combat soldiers identify themselves in radio contact with [ redacted ] . 
  but i 'm sure this varies by unit but that 's how it was for my unit . 
  [ redacted ] . 
  [ redacted ] is something my commander ( tank gunner here ) would have used if such a situation came . 
  and iceland is one of the very few where i can see it actually working . 
  i loved dolf and hated alfred . 
  what is iceland pp 's stance on copyright laws ? 
  spineless . 
  those were the days . . 
  unique heritage , one of only three finno-ugric countries , positive reputation and a democratic country . 
  too bad things have gone down so bad , we used to be so great ten years ago . 
  there is nothing racist about hating russia . 
  not only is russia a country and not a race but millions of russians are my kin even of most of them do n't know it . 
  russia is evil . 
  tasteless shit that would n't get any sympathy if ch had n't been attacked . 
  you go ahead and post a picture ridiculing the attacks , see how positive response you 'll get . 
  warfare in this time period must have been devastating , due to presumably low populations in tribes losing a hundred or two men in battle would take heck of a long time to recover . 
  had n't indo-europeans arrived in the region only recently at 1200bc ? 
  perhaps this was a violent land-grab from european natives , or pie peoples infighting . 
  ukrainian patriot more like . 
  it 's okay , i 'm sure the average russian will never know of this . 
  i have no problem with static picture ads . 
  put the sides of your side full of them for all i care . 
  but popups , autoplay stuff and shit , that makes me never want to take off adblock except a select few sites where i know they have user-friendly advertising . 
  what we need to buy them is plane tickets not aid . 
  are the anticipated `` anti-fascists '' actual anti-fascists or just butthurt russians ? 
  i would vote for resurrecting prometheism . 
  do n't worry , you 'll get your bread lines soon enough then all you need is a red flag and you 're set . 
  literally means `` good food desire '' . 
  far southeast bosnia and herzegovina . 
  west bulgaria . 
  i 'm referring to eastern europe and i certainly wish the us would one way or the other stop meddling with other countries as well . 
  keep up the good work macedonia , and maybe one day you 'll get to keep your name for real !, 
  choke on that gunpowder , kremlin . 
  we 'll get 20 years of peace again once you do , hope crimea was worth it . 
  stop giving this piece of filth attention . 
  there sure seems to be a lot of child sex abuse in uk . 
  he may be saying that it 's ridiculous that some crimes are punished as they should be but others are given less justice . 
  he did n't say that the killers should get less . 
  i 've been to hungary and it did look pretty depressing . 
  though to be fair , i do n't think hungary has ever been particularly forested . 
  in finland all i have to do to find a forest is to step out and walk maybe a hundred meters or so . 
  looking from finland , this map looks really depressing . 
  how do you stay happy without any nature around ? 
  i do n't understand why free college tuition is such an absurd idea . 
  a lot of countries have free college tuition , even to foreigners , and they 're doing fine . 
  in finland our education system used to be one of our biggest points of national pride and we did n't go broke because of it ( our problems are more in the system than in our spending ) . 
  same with health care . 
  to my understanding amercians are spending way more on health care than others while receiving worse treatment , if that money was spent better they could easily afford health care . 
  `` someone has to pay for it '' , yeah you could start with not bombing every country on the planet . 
  just from cutting us defence budget to sensible levels you could send a whole bunch of kids to school . 
  to desire sex with a human corpse is a sick perversion of the highest degree . 
  people seeking such things belong in a mental institution , not in the books of totally-okays . 
  i feel that this constant breaking of social norms leads to degeneracy of the society . 
  a nation without social discipline is a nation heading to failure . 
  certainly evident in your country . 
  if someone wants to have sex with a corpse or an animal or eat another person or whatever , those people are sick and they need treatment not acceptance . 
  i am somewhat conservative in social issues . 
  i feel there should be a line in these things . 
  same way i feel that it should be illegal to eat a person even with that other person 's consent - refer to the famous german case some years back . 
  the perpetrator definitely belongs in prison in my opinion . 
  i do n't see why incest between two consenting adults should be banned , but allowing necrophilia is such a stupid idea that whoever put the idea forward needs a good slap on the face . 
  defiling a body should always be a crime . 
  russia is an eternal problem and not much can be done about them besides isolation and expanding nato . 
  welfare tourists on the other hand are a problem that can yet be stopped with little else but common sense politics . 
  imagine how swedes must feel . 
  i concede that point . 
  with grades , duh . 
  4-10 scale for each course with the arimethic mean calculated for each subject that is used as the final score . 
  why should we have something like it ? 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with your diploma as proof of your ( in ) competence . 
  you made a pretty absolute statement that non-nato countries ** will ** be targeted by russia . 
  i merely asked for a source . 
  thanks for the downvotes , really constructive behaviour there . 
  so you have no source other than a guess . 
   also , some non-nato countries will be targeted before any attack against nato is made . 
  source , other than pro-nato propaganda ? 
  i meant the countries of former yugoslavia that are not in nato .
