  now i know poland lost pretty much as much as it gained , but take that up with the russians . 
  in finnish usa is not united states but `` united powers '' ( yhdysvallat ) . 
  if you ask me it sounds like something you 'd call a coalition of imperialist countries in a world war . 
  there is also life in a patient on life support but it does n't do much credit to the country . 
  russians . 
  though to be fair i did check and it 's `` only '' a fourth . 
  a third of them are . 
  race traitor . 
  there 's plenty of beautiful graffiti art in public spaces in my home town . 
  difference is that it was commissioned by the city to be done by actual artists instead of 12 year old edgelords that did n't get spanked enough ( or too much i guess ), 
  i imagine viking and later swedish settlement in finland was mostly limited to the coast where they remain today . 
  i doubt there was much mingling with the finnish-speaking inland population . 
  i 'm willing to bet most of that is [ commercial forests ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b0/monokultura_sosnowa-zima.jpg ) which are very poor in biodiversity and so it 's pretty faint praise that there 's more of it . 
  iirc their phonebooks are arranged by first names . 
  i do n't think a defensive alliance is going to happen as long as nato exists but as a finn i would totally go for military co-operation with the likes of poland . 
  lots of taxes = lots of public services = people do n't have to pay for said services = people have more money to spend in the private market and people are happier knowing that they are n't thrown to the wolves if they fall to poverty . 
  at least that 's how `` nordic socialism '' is in theory , which i think it did pretty well for quite a few decades . 
  i 'm willing to bet that most of the snakes in brussels would take the same job in a heartbeat if they could . 
  what the fuck is happening in other countries then . 
  mongoloid heritage and centuries of inbreeding did its thing on us . 
  wait , sensible policy decisions ? 
  something must have been lost in translation . 
  then add `` abstain '' to the choices . 
  i 'm willing to bet most non-voters especially young people have an opinion they just ca n't get off their lazy ass to express it . 
  he 's made bad calls but overall i 'd say he 's top cream of comedy talk shows . 
  most of the subjects he talks about are very well researched , it 's just when he lets his emotions get in the way that he gets controversial . 
  `` europe should take refugees because of this one adorable girl . '', 
  i think uk will be all right in the end but the way neither side had any plans is just absurd . 
  eu is here to stay , if anything has its end in sight it 's the european nation state , unfortunately . 
  i feel like eu is expanding too rapidly and i absolutely oppose the idea of a federalized eu . 
  uk leaving would be a big kick in eu 's nuts which would hopefully stall its `` progress '' for a good while . 
  pls no, 
   so anyway , there is n't really a problem with pro russian `` trolls '' in finnland ? 
  no , not really . 
  almost everyone hates b\u00e4ckman in finland , fortunately . 
  as for the media , we do have right-leaning outlets and overall our media is n't nearly as biased as sweden for example . 
  especially tabloid media was pretty active in discussing the refugee crisis , it 's just that they are n't as balls-deep racist fanatics as mv would like them to be . 
  b\u00e4ckman is a very prominent figure , especially in russia where he is considered a hero and frequently appears in their media although in finland he 's pretty much blacklisted from most media . 
  mv claims to be a popular outlet but who really knows , however they are often discussed in mainstream media especially after the `` refugee '' crisis began . 
  i do personally know people who read it like the gospel . 
  there are one or two big figures . 
  one is johan b\u00e4ckmann who is the kind of a guy that would have been hanged for treason a hundred years ago - openly saying that finland is a fascist country that oppresses minorities etc. 
  he 's definitely on kremlin pay check , no doubt about it . 
  he 's got a wikipedia page if you 're interested . 
  the second is an alt-right `` news '' outlet called mv which is ran by a russian and its mission is to shit on everything the finnish government does and appeal to racist sentiment in the country while never ever reporting anything negative about russia or russians . 
  they have also been involved in suspicious schemes and the founder is a convicted felon . 
  mv is most likely a part of russia 's information war trying to cause conflict within the finnish society . 
  mv also denies the holocaust and i shit you not claimed that the stonehenge had been built in the 1900s for some reason . 
  how they usually work is that they take legit cases but in a framework that fits their agenda and mix it with their own propaganda to create a soup that appeals to low information people . 
  in social media i 've yet to see russia shills and overall online forums etc. 
  tend to be strongly anti-russia . 
  i 'd say calling us russians is the fastest way to get murdered in finland . 
  trying to go from sick man to retarded baby i see . 
  thing is that racists get behind them because they are the one and only party that even somewhat wants to control immigration . 
  every other party either wants to continue current policy or increase immigration . 
  a lot of their voters are single issue which is why their support tanked because they were n't able to stop the refugees before shit hit the fan . 
  it 's much more moderate than foreign media tends to depict - what they mostly want is to return to the 80s in most aspects of policy . 
  for example they do n't want to close the borders , but they want to limit immigration so that foreign population levels stay manageable and they emphasize qualified immigrants over welfare tourists , as opposed to the green party for example which views finland as the breadbasket of the world . 
  halla-aho would just mean a stronger orientation towards immigration focus , it 's still not even remotely close to fn 's antisemitism , russia worship shit et al. 
  h-a also differs from many immigration populists in that he offers his arguments in an articulated manner , especially now that he knows that there 's plenty of wolves ready to attack every hyperbole that he might make . 
  the finns party is n't even remotely in the same ballpark as fn . 
  i 'm not a politician so it 's not my call . 
  but as i said in another post , i 'd be open to that idea if all four sami-holding nations would agree to it . 
  for finland alone samis are too small a minority for it to work ( only 6,000 samis live in finland ) but after cultural reconstruction and international cooperation , i 'd totally support an independent s\u00e1pmi . 
  it is `` indigenous '' in the sense that it is the earliest known surviving language from that region . 
  and even if it was n't , i think they still deserve their own state . 
  sami are too small a minority for that to work but in theory i 'd be open to a s\u00e1pmi state if it 's a joint project by swe nor fin and rus . 
  do n't forget kurdistan . 
  i hope the basques get their own country one day ... 
  i mean , we 're talking about folks who are the closest we have to indigenous europeans , to the best of our knowledge . 
  `` for sweden - in time . '', 
  the country can wait , the chicken is n't going to cook itself and someone 's got ta pick up the kids . 
  angela merkel obviously has some sort of ancestral dislike towards the british empire . 
  why norland ? 
  that just gives it a scandinavian vibe ( which finnish is not ) . 
  if we ca n't have northland then pohjala would do just fine with me , my issue is with all the english speakers who would pronounce the j with dz instead of y. 
  we could call it pohjola ( p\u00f5hjala in estonian ) . 
  it 's a name of historical and cultural significance that is shared by both countries . 
  it basically means `` northland '' , which could serve as the english name . 
  kalevala would work for me as well . 
  it 's also a shared concept and has an explicitly positive connotation . 
  i know i 'd support a union with estonia but unfortunately this is n't a majority opinion to put it lightly . 
  finland is n't inbred , but we sure as fuck used to be and a lot of finns are still paying the price in form of diseases . 
  it was mostly out of necessity though , it 's said that the bicycle was the best thing to happen to finnish genetics since you could now go all the way to the next village to find a spouse . 
  `` so this is how democracy dies . 
  with baby tantrums . '', 
  we did , in 1994 . 
  `` yes '' won with 57 % iirc . 
  it was `` advisory '' ( neuvoa-antava ) but it 's not like we would have joined eu anyway if no had 57 % . 
  people in falklands are british . 
  they are british people of british descent that speak english and have repeatedly expressed willingness to remain a part of the uk . 
  it 's not `` imperial past '' , it is legitimate uk territory . 
  this assumes that every ancestor is unique which is just about impossible . 
  especially in the old days when marrying cousins etc. 
  was a lot more common and most communities were static due to lack of infrastructure and other factors , this idea dies fast . 
  there is no knowing whether this woman had children , or that her children survived to reproduce , and whether all these lines did n't die out which is perfectly possible in times of famine and war . 
  you 're right . 
  fixed . 
  might take a while to update but at least i tried to fix it . 
  doing naughty things in public can get you in jail for six months , so make sure it 's worth it .
