  i certainly would like to see that return , and extended perpetually . 
  especially with europe going through some big issues now better that russian economy is as trashed as possible . 
  [ these ladies also have some good folk tunes . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8_cwvuor0ac ) and of the karelian folk music ensemble , [ this is my favourite . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=su8gv5v0ztk ), 
  depends on the shape of the tomato . 
  usually a but sometimes b allows me have better balanced slices . 
  this is brilliant . 
  with the fall of physical newspapers and such , we need new things to make out of wood . 
  with luck we 'll be able to export these designs as well . 
  i think the point is to subscribe and then clicking on the videos on your front page without knowing they 're from that sub . 
  we should also keep in mind that finno-ugric languages still have hundreds of thousands of native speakers in russia . 
  while many have fully assimilated into russians , there 's still quite a few who cling to their heritage . 
  yes !, 
  especially when our government is moaning about having to take in more and more immigrants , look to our brothers and cousins first . 
  to be fair this is something that could have been done by anyone , the suspicion of an edl troll is not unfounded . 
  so we should take israel into eu ? 
  i agree , we should definitely use that motto . 
  we are free , sturdy and stable . 
  fits us perfectly . 
  there is actually an ongoing trend of worsening male quality in finnish army , issues ranging from decreasing physical fitness and social skills to increasing number of quitters . 
  our reserve is getting smaller faster than it should be and there 's too many spineless maggots who ca n't take six months of not having momma make them everything . 
  i agree , though to be honest with the rising obesity , poor physical fitness and social issues with young men there 's plenty of men who are just as incapable of pulling you to safety . 
  i do n't know how physical aa systems are but shooting down planes ought to be something women can do as well . 
  artillery etc. 
  could be deployed in mixed gender units , so there 's men who do the lifting and then there 's women filling the gaps . 
  i was thinking more like second line medical work ( hence `` medical personnel '' and not `` medic '' ) . 
  the crew in field hospitals behind the lines . 
  military is more than just rifles and tanks . 
  there are a multitude of roles like anti-air , scribes ( or whatever they 're in english ) , cooks , medical personnel , etc. 
  that women not considered reliable for combat duties can be put to . 
  however it should be noted that many women are capable of male-level effectiveness . 
  i have heard this with my own ears from officers who have trained women volunteers in one of the most prestigious units in our army . 
  kind of telling that even in germany only 14 % want more . 
  wish we had women 's conscription . 
  the quality of our men has tanked so bad it 's starting to compromise our defence imo . 
  will be necessary if things go like they are . 
  nato is good enough . 
  we just need member states investing more energy to it . 
  i 'm pretty concerned about russia and all but this nonsense about an eu army is just globalist nonsense to destroy nation states . 
  the question for the future , do i want my culture to be exterminated by brussels or moscow ? 
  choices , choices ... 
  yeah you ought to . 
  i mean , i hate to say this but your country is probably in extreme danger . 
  too bad most of europe are a bunch of fucking pansies and i ca n't see effective military co-operation with more than countries directly threatened by russia . 
  finland , sweden , baltics , poland , romania would make an all right alliance but a vulnerable one . 
  i ca n't see germany or france protecting us . 
  thank god finland still has conscription and theoretical capacity to raise 300,000 men to war . 
  it 's not much of a deterrent but it 's hopefully enough for the 4 years trump is likely to govern . 
  as a citizen of finland , a country not in nato and a neighbour of russia , i 'm pretty damn concerned right now . 
  this is the right way to go . 
  in a nato-russia war the baltic states would probably be occupied within the first week due to their proximity and also huge russian minority fifth column . 
  however what estonians can do is make occupation a living hell for the russians which binds unreasonable amounts of resources which helps winning the war - like norway in ww2 . 
  the same i think should be done in finland . . we should focus on training for asymmetrical warfare as well as frontline combat . 
  while i supported energy drinks ban in finland , flat ban on sugary drinks is just nonsense . 
  the right way is pr . 
  for example just recently in a shop i saw a sign placed near the lemonade section saying something on the lines of `` we 've seen you kids eat less pizza and more apples recently , keep up the good work and switch lemonade for a glass of orange juice . 
  we have a good selection with cheap prices ! '', 
  i mean i 'm 25 and it shamed me into buying oj . 
  well in finland they banned energy drinks for those under 16 and while there obviously is a bit of a black market consumption has visibly decreased in past few years . 
  black markets are n't quite the same when your customers are 12 to 15 year olds . 
  worked before . 
  would have worked again . 
  50 years from now on there will be droves of edgy teenagers spreading clean isis myths and how camp speicher was just a zionist plot . 
  do n't worry out government is doing everything it can to make sure this wo n't go on for long . 
  only if one of the candidates would abolish his position as the first thing he does . 
  eu is going way too far with this federalization shit as it is . 
  good . 
  i generally think eu deserves to exist but it definitely needs a kick in the nuts and this is a great way to do it . 
  well , looks like philippines are kicking the americans out and no one had to get shot ( except drug addicts ) . 
  also us is china 's biggest trading partner , and us owes china a lot of money . 
  also of course fighting the us would run china afoul with the eu , another very important trade partner . 
  to join a total war that neither side has any prayer of winning would just trash china 's economy for what ? 
  do n't answer to stupid with stupid , 
  why would china get into a war with us though ? 
  90 % of finnish swede jokes revolve around swedes being fruity homos . 
  needless to say swede jokes are n't as popular as they were back in 90s . 
   maybe if you had to pay the medical bills for your overeating it would help control i 'm certainly in favour of that . 
  i do n't do either for personal reasons but i would say that for example with cigarettes the high expense does reduce consumption . 
  if cigarettes costed as much as candy people would do it a whole lot more . 
  i 've actually lost over 10kg since i started losing weight a while back so you do n't have to lose any sleep over me thank you . 
  as both a finn and a lardass , unhealthy products should be treated like tobacco and alcohol are . 
  that neckbeard . 
  only white people can commit hate crimes . 
  ----- joke -----------    . 
  your head, 
  `` why is montenegro not monte-african-american . '', 
  yes but there is pretty much no even theoretical chance that russia would ever escalate it . 
  with a neutral country like finland , you never know . 
  they need to fuel the paranoia machine to keep the people docile . 
  russia doing what russia does ... 
  i so wish we 'd just fucking join nato at this point so we can stop worrying about these suckers . 
  i 'm not dying for my country just to prove a point . 
  i 'm referring to the dead soldiers . 
  rip ukrainian patriots . 
  that 's what terrorists do . 
  the kind of people that join these kinds of groups are the same kind of people that join isis . 
  overran by the aryans and their fucking chariots . 
  i 'm not risking my country 's defence because bureaucrats in brussels want to cut defence budget . 
  i 'd say germany paid pretty handsomely in the form of territory .
