  i obviously know ys no longer exists . 
  same way i use the term `` europe '' so i do n't have to list every single european country one by one and there is n't a better term for the region ( since balkans also includes greece and others ) . 
  easier than to list all the countries one by one . 
  i said that finland is the least safe non-nato country with austria . 
  after finland comes nato countries which are going to get bombed from day one . 
  finland at least will probably have a delay before shit hits our fan . 
  if it does n't go nuclear : switzerland at the top , non-nato countries starting from sweden , ireland and non-nato yugoslavia and finishing with finland and austria . 
  if it goes nuclear , we 're all boned . 
  if you stay in a city you 'll get nuked , if you go to the country you 'll starve to death because society collapses and you 're not the only one who 's hungry . 
  russia is the eternal enemy of finland . 
  our conflict will not end until one of us is dead . 
  i do n't think too many of them are actually fleeing a war . 
  a lot of them are here for the handouts . 
  if they were fleeing a war they 'd be in turkey or jordan now . 
  biggest reason why they would come as far as finland is because they heard this is utopia where money is free and the women are willing . 
  nah , scored a c with highest being 6 points short of l in english and worst being my swedish b. 
  so i was average . 
  now studying one of the more challenging scientific subjects in university . 
  yet to see the benefit of having taken part in marticulation exams . 
  these exams are complete garbage . 
  they do n't seem to give any real indication to how successful you 'll be in life . 
  many successful people tanked the exams and still got very far in life ( sauli niinist\u00f6 , arvi lind , paula risikko ... ), 
  i imagine a whole bunch of them are from southern iraq . 
  are n't they all just little more than porn ? 
  i recall they had flimsy plots and a whole buncha boning . 
  i 'm more nationalistic than patriotic . 
  finland is just the vessel of the finnish people that i more identify with . 
  i place more value in one 's heritage than where he happens to live . 
  if i moved to another country i 'd still be 100 % finnish till the day i die . 
  i primarily consider myself a finn , second a citizen of finland , and that 's it . 
  i do n't identify with europe . 
  they should start to realize that every time they say they do n't approve of something finland plans , it makes the finnish people want it twice harder . 
  if they do n't want us do something then they should support the idea , because then finnish people will think there 's something fishy in the plan and will oppose . 
  obviously because they fear they are so happy with everything no one will believe them . 
  also , [ m\u00f6lkky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m\u00f6lkky ) . 
  what a satanic language . 
  any union involving russia will inevitably turn into a russian empire . 
  what is the etymology behind `` manivald '' ? 
  i really like that name . 
  wales is wales , though the language is known as * kymri * . 
  uk would be * yhdistynyt kuningaskunta * but it 's pretty much never used outside wikipedia and such probably because its acronym yk is the same as un 's ( yhdistyneet kansakunnat ) . 
  this was directly inspired by the hungarian map that was just posted so i just made a finnish copy of it . 
  chances are this has been done before but hey , what 's one more ? 
  like an adult with the mind of a child , russia is a 3rd world country trapped in the body of a modern nation . 
  i guess the upside of this is that shit hit the fan pretty much as soon as the welfare tourists landed in europe . 
  if they had had the patience to wait a year or two after they 've received their asylums and tripled their numbers ... at least now public opinion train has lost its brakes and there is hope in the horizon . 
  or maybe i 'm just being too optimistic . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  this is not finland . 
  there are not enough people to create such large crowds especially in weather like this . 
  this is why terrorists do n't strike in finland . 
  for one suicide bomber you get two civilians killed tops , it 's just not worth it . 
  i know that they are far left drivel . 
  i never claimed they are racist ( referring to top comment ) , i claim that their way of drawing attention to their points is shit and there 's a good reason why they were an obscure mag . 
  how old must a grave be so that digging it up turns from graverobbing to archaeology ? 
  as i imagine neither do most people familiar with ch and praising it as the literally best thing ever in the world of free speech . 
  i first became familiar with ch a few years back due to some mohammed cartoon episode and have mostly relied on translations of the cartoons in the mag . 
  i do know there 's more to it than the cartoons and for some left or far left-wing audience it might well be a good read ( though to my understanding it had a relatively low circulation and was cancelled once ) , still does n't really make me think different of their seemingly attention-whoring front covers they like to do . 
  i know i 'm going to get ** nuked ** with downvotes but that 's how i feel . 
  it 's a junk mag . 
  not wanting to jump on any bandwagons since this has been bothering me for a while , but am i the only one who thinks ch is shit ? 
  not saying they deserved to get shot or that they should be banned or anything , i 've just observed that the magazine seems to have little purpose in life except to just shit on people . 
  `` lol two hundred people died in air crash let 's take a big ol' shit on their graves lads '' as they did when that russian plane was downed last november . 
  it 's one thing to be satirical about sensitive subjects but ch just comes off as a bunch of edgy cunts to me . 
  mostly russia , though . 
  entering another person 's home with shoes on is a capital offence in finland . 
  this is insulting . 
  mordor does n't deserve to be associated with russia . 
  we finns suffer from all kinds of problems because we 're so inbred . 
  this is one of them . 
  spread the awareness people :( #bluenipsmatter, 
  yes let 's provoke a conflict with the largest country on earth . 
  surely , it will go well !, 
  are you a reservist ? 
  would you risk your life and country for the sake of petty honour of shooting down an intruding plane ? 
  i do n't like russia any more than the next finn but shooting down russian planes is just flat out retarded . 
  i 'm in no hurry to die for my country . 
  sure if there 's a way to give harmless warning shots like we did with that `` submarine '' few months back , but actually shooting down a plane and possibly killing russian soldiers is insanity . 
  `` last time we did this we choked on our own gunpowder and we lost our empire . 
  surely , this time it will work ! '', 
  minorities getting shat on in russia ? 
  well , i never !, 
  and you joining the idiots ' crusade in iraq made it possible for isis to be born in the first place . 
  i 'm amazed that an official government website could be so well done . 
   are you a proponent of non-interventionism ? 
  in most cases yes . 
  i oppose us/western invasions as much as i oppose russian ones , but there is a distinction in that we are neither neighbours to the us and we do not have a history of conflict with them , therefore moscow remains my primary concern . 
  no but since that 's clearly the only way to silence russian foreign policy then i 'll take it . 
  every time russia is strong it ends with neighbours getting invaded ( they did n't get that big by being nice ) , if misery in russia is what it takes to put a stop to that then enjoy that poverty , neighbours . 
  i do n't * give * a shit . 
  russian foreign policy was rather silent in those times , they can do whatever they please inside their borders so long as they keep to themselves . 
  that 's all that matters to me . 
  this is what i 'm hoping for with isis . 
  they are monsters of course and i want them all gone but i have a feeling that the farther they get , the longer they last , when they are finally destroyed ( which they will , they have too many enemies ) it will discredit islamic fundamentalism much more than if , say , they had never become a powerful player . 
  how neutral is wikipedia in languages associated with states & cultures with ... biases ? 
  for exampe , what does arabic wikipedia say about criticisms of islam ? 
  what does turkish wikipedia say about armenian genocide ? 
  i do not support a western ground invasion , but if the apocalypse prophesy is your problem would n't it be a good thing if we sent our `` crusader army '' to dabiq as the islamic prophesy states and then kicked isis ' ass into space ? 
  hell , let 's paint crosses on our troops ' helmets and make them sing * pal\u00e4stinalied * to make sure that terrorists see the prophesy come true ... and then get defenestrated by superior firepower . 
  things were all right when russia was weak and silent through the 90s and early 2000s .
