huh . 
  our berries are not that wide spread . 
  never occured to me that people would just pick them themselves . 
  i see . 
  so obese farmer wives are a univeral thing . 
  not sure what you mean by real and fake , as i understand it , they are two different types of berry . 
  no idea the windows were different . 
  huh . 
  yea to retrofit an old house with admittedly sectional ac is not all that expensive here . 
  i can see how it would be a pain there . 
  huh . 
  weird . 
  as you can run a window unit on really hot days and remove it if you want after . 
  figured it would be more common . 
  they do n't even have window units stored away somewhere for really hot days ? 
  they are like 100 dollars ( 88 euros ) . 
  my house does n't have central ac . 
  27 c = 80 f ... thats not bad at all . 
  here in the us the perception of east europe is kind of like our perception of our south east compared to our coasts . 
  its not explicitly negative , but if your heard some weird/trashy stuff about them , you would n't be surprised . 
  would you say that sounds similar ? 
  this sub does n't upvote anything much for some reason . 
  hurricane sandy , 2013 . 
  we lost power 2 hours before the storm hit our area ( central nj ) due to someone crashing into a pole . 
  then the storm hit . 
  since it was n't storm related , it took over a week to get power . 
  people 2 blocks away never even lost cable nevermind power . 
  i did too !, 
  however im 40 minutes south of there , so its kind of spot on . 
  voted for hillary , but i made that decision in the booth . 
  cant agree with his environmental stuff . 
  will a bill of sale do ? 
  here in nj its so strict to make car jacking not profitable ( had a bit of it in the 80s and 90s ) so in states with no real history of car jacking thats all that is required . 
  as in it shouldnt be such a big deal , or you cant think about selling a car without a title ? 
  i like how you assume all of those are problems ... most of the world is like that in terms of percentages . 
  how do you know that liberalism is correct when you are in the minority ? 
  maybe , however large diesel engines do sacrifice quite a bit of efficiency to clean the exhaust . 
  huh . 
  til, 
  i was wondering if 200 acre flea markets were common . 
  its a large flea market and i know in europe space is at a premium . 
  i was wondering more on the size , placement ( permanent or seasonal ) , and quality of things there . 
  not if they existed . 
  how the hell could a continent not have something of the sort ? 
  i was wondering of the style and scale . 
  not of they had them at all . 
  i should have specified . 
  meat and dairy are sold indoors , and have to pass usda standards . 
  the fruit and veggies i do n't think have to be inspected once they leave the farm . 
  i knew there was a reason i wanted to visit poland . 
  ok yea ... my daily is a 1992 swedish 4 banger , but my weekend truck is a big american v8 . 
  driving around a big american v8 is fun !, 
  that 's why !, 
  to the right ? 
  i understand why , it just is a weird sentence to hear . 
  we have a major boar problem in the us , so this sounds strange . 
  volvo 240 : watts : 82027 newton meters : 176.25 f-350 : watts : 149140 newton meters : 508.43, 
  the 240 ? 
  or the 1974 f350 . 
  about 100hp with 130 ft lbs of torque out of the volvo and 200 hp and 375 ft lbs of torque out of the f350 with the 5.9 l v8 . 
  wow . 
  i have the smallest engine out of all my friends in the volvo 240 's 2.3 l ( and also the biggest due to the f350 ) . 
  my one friend does n't have anything under 5 l ( however those are all old school pickups ) and my other has a 4.3 l. 
  sorry , did n't mean to be rude . 
  that 's an ok amount here , but not crazy . 
  new jersey is really expensive to live in , with some of the largest taxes in the country . 
  and wow . 
  2.0 and under here is considered small . 
  my job is a internship at a tech firm . 
  15 dollars an hour , 25 hours a week . 
  i also get college credits for it !, 
  and my dad has a mazda sedan and it only gets 8l / 100k . 
  how tiny are the engines in those suv 's ? 
  im living at home and i make about 1400 a month with my part time job right now . 
  i am also paying for my own community college ( with the state grants i got for getting good grades in high school helping ) . 
  the not paying real bills helps a bunch . 
  as for the gas mileage thing , larger cars play a role here . 
  30 mpg is a wasteful car over there ? 
  here gasoline is 2.17 a gallon at my local service station ( a wawa that has 8 pumps and serves fresh hot food inside ) . 
  that is about 0.53 euros per liter . 
  are you just rich or are you a colector ? 
  no , i have a part time job and im in college living at home . 
  this is my hobby and ill probably have to sell or mothball most of them when i move out , the volvo cost 1500 dollars in 2015 and the truck 700 last year . 
  20 mpg ( 12l / 100km ) isnt that bad . 
  we consider a 1980 yugo an economy car . 
  i know a lot of people with cars under 10 years old that get about that or less . 
  the inspection thing is crazy , but all my cars are exempt , so im not complaining . 
  well , that is why i got it . 
  i already have 2 other vehicles for driving , a 1987 ford ranger pickup ( their compact and fuel efficient truck , seats 4 and is slightly larger then a sedan ) and a 1992 volvo 240 sedan . 
  i do n't like newer cars as i want something with real metal and hard lines . 
  over here in nj , anything made before 1995 isnt subject to any inspection of any kind at all , so no need to worry about that for me . 
  and a f-350 is about as big as you can go with just a normal license . 
  also the dealerships here give you temporary plates ( made out of laminated paper that are good for one month ) so you can just drive them off the lot here . 
  huh , most of the time people just drive their new purchases off the lot and go home here . 
  however the real question would be your opinion of the 1974 f350 firetruck that is in the imgur link in the post . 
  i just got that and was wondering how that purchase would go down in europe . 
  huh . 
  i guess that spawned from being more spread out here . 
  even a lot of county snow plows are f350 pickups . 
  what about snow plows ?
