  here when it snows , everyone and their grandma gets into their beater truck ( a running , but not all that nice pickup truck , not that uncommon to have among some people ) and puts a plow on it to plow snow . 
  how is snow plowed over there . 
  but . . it rains here too, 
  i was gon na say . 
  a van here used can run anywhere between 1000 and up . 
  new they are 40,000 but not used . 
  us or uk gallons ? 
  also , yea , it 's bad for a sedan , but doable . 
  wow ... what makes it so costly ? 
  oh , it 's 1974 , so i guess no road tax . 
  well , the testing center is on route 1 , a very busy and fast road , so you figute it out quick . 
  also you take the test after 6 months of driving with your parents . 
  huh . . this one is 44 , my ford ranger is exactly 30 this year and my volvo is 25 . . 
  i never understood the use of vans over trucks in europe . 
  both the same size , but one has a roof that limits the size of what you can carry . 
  sorry , the truck gets 6 to 7 . 
  the volvo 240 gets 18 to 20 . 
  it 's nice hearing i own a piece of history . 
  for normal driving you are suppose to start off in 2 . 
  some of the era were labeled lo -  1 -  2 -  3 -  r instead . 
  no i mean commercially . 
  this was n't meant to be a consumer product . 
  no siren . 
  just the lights . 
  the siren was removed when it was decommissioned . 
  we think it 's stupid as well . 
  it might have something to do with how fast you can test . 
  there are only 3 testing centers in nj , which is a small amount for our population . 
  the other 2 do actual traffic tests . 
  i 'm going to struggle to fit it over here . 
  i have to preplan my trips to see if my location has a large parking lot . 
  it 's not my only vehicle though , do n't worry . 
  1 low gear , as in 1-10 mph , and you have the whole brunt of the engine behind you . 
  for getting out of mud , ripping tree stumps out of the ground , and pushing stuff out of the way . 
  it also has reverse yes . 
  well . 
  it 's running around now completely legal and it needs a master cylinder so probably not . 
  here in new jersey due to our governor 's cost saving measures all safety inspections were canceled and testing is done entirely through obd2 . 
  and if your vehicle is from before obd2 , you are exempt . 
  it was the 70s , and it was a commercial truck . 
  that means nobody cared about pollution or efficiency , and the gas was paid for by the company . 
  i got it for something cool and unique ( plus after some work i can sell it if i need and make back what i spent on it plus taxes ), 
  well at least it makes it easy to see how expensive a drive will be . 
  `` how far is that ? 
  15 miles round trip ? 
  ok , 15 dollars worth of fuel ! '', 
  a lot of people fail it first time here too . 
  the instructor pays a lot of attention to the parallel parking section , and does n't really care about the rest . 
  at least that was my testing experience . 
  they really nitpick on the parallel parking so some people fail . 
  yep ... and i have 2 friends that could n't pass it . 
  hey !, 
  a lot of them are russia based too . 
  then what did they do when they had to either pull a lot of stuff , or move a lot of stuff . 
  yea . . 1970s ford valued performance and simplicity . 
  or they just struggled to care about efficiency . 
  either way it 's not my only vehicle so it wo n't be taken out of town . 
  i got it because it is really cool and looks right out of a movie !, 
  i have another more practical car ( 1992 volvo 240 sedan ) for commuting and such . 
  it also does get bad gas mileage . 
  i have used it enough to do the math yet , but it 's supposed to get between 5 and 10mpg , but more realistically getting 6 or 7 . 
  i know that the test is a joke , especially in one of the most dense states in the country . 
  also what is a bike card ? 
  the drivers test here in nj is a simple scantron test , a 10 minute roadtest on a closed course with a maximum speed limit of 15 mph . 
  then you can drive this . 
  although our roads are slightly bigger then yours usually . 
  probably, 
  10000 lbs . 
  i was able to get this with a probationary license ( sub 18 ) . 
  i am 19 and needed to renew it with my standard license , and i infact registered it in the same trip as renewing my license , but i registered it before i got back in line to renew . 
  because you are a pretty people . 
  for me , it is if you buy packs for yourself , you are a smoker . 
  it might just be that america has better cigarettes . 
  easier to get hooked . 
  i had one for lunch today , and was wondering . 
  they are very common and popular in nj and pennsylvania . 
  every convenience store has some for sale , and a chain is dedicated to just them ( philly pretzel factory ) . 
  there are also homemade ones from local bakeries , but the ones from chain stores are made there in front of you too . 
  i wish we had separate lanes for bikes . 
  that would be amazing, 
  yea , there are not many bike friendly places here . 
  if i could , i 'd bike the 8 miles to my college . 
  but the roads are all 45 mpg , with no shoulder at all . 
  i 'd most likely die if i tried to bike it . 
  what is considered driving a lot there ? 
  i can easily do 60 miles a day if i have both work and school that day , if not more . 
  we dont usually have diesel cars in the us . 
  not entirely sure why . 
  that sounds right . 
  but gasoline here is about $ 2.50 / us gallon ( i used to be $ 1.50 a few months ago ! ), 
  so the financial burden of fuel is less . 
  that equals about 0.66 euro per liter . 
  it is very similar in the ghettos of american cities . 
  same stuff , different races . 
  there are communities in the us that are similar sounding to your gypsies . 
  people from the ghetto and are part of the `` thug '' or `` gangster '' crowd generally break things and steal . 
  however , they are interspersed within the population in poorer areas , making it so you can not generalize . 
  it is usually seen as a race thing , but the people who show these characteristics can be any race . 
  however race is a easy thing to see , and therefore it gets lumped in there . 
  i 'm not .
