  i 'm the op and i asked a legit question . 
  then you insulted how i measure butter . 
  that is my go to defense of the imperial system . 
  what do you mean ? 
  these are the measurements that got us to the moon . 
  i feel that inches have their place . 
  also fahrenheit is better for temperatures when in relation to humans ( we often use celsius in relation to machines such as cars and computers ) . 
  also kilometers are really dumb . 
  too small to measure distance , so you end up with huge numbers when you do n't really need them for distance and speeds . 
  meters are useful though , and centimeters are perfect for a lot of small tasks . 
  the sticks are made to be a unit of measurement . 
  a stick is exactly 1/2 a cup . 
  which is a predefined cooking measurement ( not just the size of any old cup laying around . 
  1 cup is 8 ounces ) . 
  so 1 stick of butter is 4 ounces of butter , but it comes in sticks so it 's easier to put that in the directions . 
  part of the reason why i asked . 
  there are some things on my old volvo ( a 1992 240 , manufacturered in sweden ) that are metric , and some that are standard . 
  the oil drain plug and some of the brake stuff is imperial , which threw me off . 
  they go from their house , to the car . 
  drive to the store . 
  park in the handicap spot 20 feet from the scooters , then get on . 
  a great system if you are actually disabled , but ca n't afford/don ' t always need a mobility scooter . 
  it also has the side effect of enabling lazy obese people . 
  yep . 
  usually 5 or 6 to rent in the front by the doors . 
  1 ) because it doens ' t look nearly as cool . 
  2 ) sometimes you have to carry things that are a bit cumbersome and need to just make them fit enough and tie it down to the bed . 
  3 ) there is a bit of a stigma against vans for normal people , and also a van introduces a lot of restrictions that trucks do not have . 
  their only benefit is the closed nature . 
  the closed nature can be achieved with a removable bed cap , or getting a suburban or similar . 
  ( suburban im talking about . 
  https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/29/7c/9f/297c9fa226bf8a455ec634cc2cdd93eb.jpg my friend has one because he wanted something closed . ), 
  did n't stop me and my friends from using them as bumpercars in the parking lot at 2 am at a 24hr walmart , but that is more to us being 19 then anything else . 
  we call the ones in supermarkets and walmarts ( that obese people use for no reason besides lazy ) `` fattleships '', 
  yep , more expensive option , and if you are hauling big things on pavement , you do n't need it . 
  as an owner of a 87 ranger , and who has a friend who simultaneously has a 1979 chevy c-10 , a 1984 chevy suburban , and 1990 ford f-150 , and another friend with a 2001 chevy silverado , i am offended . 
  ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ actually ^ ^ ^ offended, 
  it has a easily pronounceable name . 
  easy to care more about a place you can say with ease . 
  my friends seem fond of them , but i never saw the point . 
  a combo of sweet + bland + waxy . 
  its kind of like sweet syrup in a soft and waxy nugget . 
  everyone bites the different colors expecting them to taste different , but they dont , and everyone is disappointed every year . 
  but we keep doing it . 
  i actually look forward to expecting to enjoy , and then being disappointed by it every year . 
  there is a joke here that nobody really likes it . 
  everyone buys a huge bag for $ 2 , pours a huge bowl , eats 5 pieces , forgets that they do n't like candy corn , and throw it out . 
  repeat every october . 
  huh , premade mix is 50c a box and available at every store here . 
  it is super cheap to get ahold of and does n't expire . 
  id figure it would be a popular thing to import . 
  its really weird to think of people who never had candy corn . 
  also there is a joke here that nobody really likes it . 
  everyone buys a huge bag for $ 2 , pours a huge bowl , eats 5 pieces , forgets that they do n't like candy corn , and throw it out . 
  repeat every october . 
  we are known for making some of the most iconic candy ever . 
  not the best , but most widespread . 
  i was going to say that i was ' t loud , but then i remembered my family gatherings and how i cant hear myself think . 
  i cant even imagine trying to bring them all to europe . 
  that does n't mean that it did n't suck or that it was the fault of the individual soldiers . 
  they just like being productive so much that they do it on vacation too . 
  ... so leasing ... we have that here . 
  every 3 years ... wow . 
  and i though my mom was wasteful when she got a new one at 7 years . 
  i mean , having a different car is fun , but i 'm the kind of person to buy , drive and sell a craigslist car every 2 years to keep it fresh , but not waste a ton of money . 
  a lot of places in the us do n't have inspections . 
  nj used to be one of the most stringent , however starting this last may , they only test by scanning the obdii for emissions . 
  any car before obdii ( may 1995 and before ) is therefore exempt from emissions or any kind of inspection . 
  you can usually tell by the body style . 
  i actually have a volvo 240 sedan from 1992 , so i am very familiar with older volvo 's . 
  i love mine, 
   steorotypes  we are dumb i feel that you proved our point . 
  yea , smart is n't a big enough brand here for people to know what you are talking about without following it up with the word car . 
  the phrase `` i drive a smart '' is pretty much jibberish . 
  my teenage job is a 30 minute drive down the freeway . 
  if i did n't have a car , i would n't be able to go to my job . 
  and i live in nj where stuff is n't exactly spread out . 
  the gasoline near my house was $ 1.91 a us gallon . 
  that is 0.5 dollars per liter so : 0.45 eur per liter or 0.38 pounds per liter . 
  gas is pretty cheap here . 
  the volvo gets 18 mpg and it does n't really hurt me financially to fill it 's 15 gallon tank . 
  i actually drive a smart car for work so i know how it feels like . 
  i 've legitimately had customers come up to me and express their fear for my safety in it . 
  also we usually have an inspection process for cars as well , but in my home state of nj only cars post-1995 need to be inspected as of may this year . 
  well , i am a bit chubby . 
  my friend however is the full on obese american that fits the stereotype . 
  drives a 1979 c-10 as well . 
  blows my car out of the water size wise . 
  that 's why i think it is small . 
  i 'm american and i own a 1992 volvo 240 gl sedan . 
  it is considered a bit of a small car here and i 've always heard that american cars are huge compared to european ones . 
  i know this model was sold in europe , so i know they are the same exact size . 
  would it be considered a large , medium sized , or small car over there ? 
  i am from central nj , usa . 
  about 10 minutes from the heart of trenton nj ( one of the poorest parts of the state ) and 20 minutes from the heart of princeton nj ( one of the richest ) . 
  it is not noteworthy at all to see a car from 2016 right in front of a truck from 1979 at a stoplight . 
  old cars and trucks are not as numerous as new ones , but cars from the early 2000s seem to be the most prevalent . 
  what is the age range of cars that you pass on a daily bases where you are from ? 
  in the us , if you are working on a car you can encounter both metric and standard bolts within the same repair . 
  does something similar happen in europe ?
