the syrian civil war was caused by assad 's lethal response to the arab spring . 
  when it started , isis was basically insignificant . 
  they were n't in the syrian desert because they wanted to be , they were there because they were driven there . 
  so assad chose to ignore them because , after all , they were small , they were attacking his enemies , and he knew the west would never back regime change in syria if the alternative was jihadists . 
  i 'm sure that seemed pretty smart at the time but he basically out maneuvered himself . 
  now he ca n't do anything about isis . 
  it 's getting stronger , his regime is getting weaker , and i do n't even know if the russians can save it anymore . 
  syria had an authoritarian regime . 
  did n't seem to help them much in terms of stability . 
   `` the russian strategy , both at home and abroad , is to say there is no such thing as truth , '' he says . 
  `` i mean , you know , ` the americans are bad , we 're bad , and everyone 's bad , so what 's the big deal about us being a bit corrupt ? 
  you know our democracy 's a sham , their democracy 's a sham . ', 
  you 're not wrong . 
  you have to go this far if you want to really implement the right to be forgotten . 
  but what 's being removed from search engines today in the name of the right to be forgotten is certainly relevant information . 
  to me it shows how unworkable the whole idea is . 
  the article explains exactly why . 
  it 's maskirovka . 
  i do n't know if i 'd go so far as to say i would n't go to war to protect france or germany but i definitely feel some of your sentiments . 
  i 'd rather go to war for people who are willing to defend themselves and are going to be in the trenches with you . 
  and it 's not just this kid . 
  all of putin 's friends ( and of course putin himself ) seem to be having super talented children . 
  i know i 'm just so naive . 
  in russia a lot of that money goes to places that are trying to make russia more democratic which is really only a bad thing if you 're putin and the system is designed to keep you in power . 
  plus it has n't made any difference since those organizations ca n't compete with the kremlins media machine and russia is actually becoming less democratic as we speak . 
  the cuba analogy works a lot better because it involves a powerful foreign country trying to incite the violent overthrow of a weaker country . 
  cuba similarly restricted broadcasts from the us and i 'm not sure that was wrong either . 
  possibly though i actually had cuba in mind when i wrote . 
  i do n't think us efforts to change opinions in russia amount to a hill of beans . 
  amazing how everyone who gets close to putin becomes super rich . 
  must be his good business advice . 
  but it 's still a substantial loan . 
  and rubio was right when he said that without it trump would probably be selling watches in manhattan . 
  including foreign state sponsored propaganda aimed at destabilizing your own state ? 
  i 'm not sure which side i come down on . 
  i strongly believe in the freedoms of the press and of speech but there is a debate to be had there . 
  she sure is a crafty one . 
  she was able to direct ukrainian fire after she had already been captured . 
  elves are badasses who surf down staircases shooting arrows while trolls ca n't even kill a single halfling . 
  i think it 's great that there are people out there willing to do this . 
  unfortunately , as a bbc article pointed out today , `` the amount of energy necessary to refute bull is an order of magnitude bigger than to produce it . '', 
  reminds me of the joke about an jewish guy reading an arab newspaper on the subway : a friend of his , who happened to be riding in the same subway car , noticed this strange phenomenon . 
  very upset , he approached the newspaper reader : `` moshe , have you lost your mind ? 
  why are you reading an arab newspaper ? '', 
  moshe replied : `` i used to read the jewish newspaper , but what did i find ? 
  jews being persecuted , israel being attacked , jews disappearing through assimilation and intermarriage , jews living in poverty . 
  so i switched to the arab newspaper . 
  now what do i find ? 
  jews own all the banks , jews control the media , jews are all rich and powerful , jews rule the world . 
  the news is much better ! '', 
  speaking of putin 's wealth in terms of what of what he privately owns is probably insufficient given his pretty much total power in russia . 
  if he wants your business it 's as good as nationalized and then he can do whatever he wants with it . 
  his focus seems to be more on lack of european participation after the military operation rather than during . 
  he might be telling the truth . 
  but he 's erdogan so i think some skepticism is healthy here . 
  i do n't think it was staged but i think hes the kind of person who knows an opportunity when he sees one . 
  he 's already shelling the kurds and added legitimacy for that would n't be a bad thing . 
  and that 's one of the reasons i prefer hillary . 
  if i did n't care about foreign policy i would n't be posting here !, 
  yeah i agree he wouldnt be able to do a lot of what he wants but i still think he 'd be a good president domestically speaking . 
  i like sanders and i 'd be happy to vote for him if he got the nomination . 
  but i think hillary has a better grasp of foreign policy . 
  i 'm surprised this does n't get more attention . 
  these are basically direct death threats . 
  i 'm nothing but critical of russia but i kind of admire maskirovka . 
  they ca n't compete with the west militarily or economically but maskirovka still allows them to be a significant thorn in the side at little cost to themselves . 
  in my view , it 's actually germany that 's being naive and reluctant to address this threat . 
  i 'd like to believe you but the response has been pretty muted . 
  i remember a quick and loud outcry in germany at wikileaks and snowden revelations of us spying . 
  russia actively trying to destabilize the country gets a few ( thoughtful ) news articles but no one 's really talking about it . 
  this is a pretty common argument but there 's no equivalency . 
  not even fox news at its worse is close . 
  i think / r/europe is also being targeted but not as bad as other subreddits . 
  sometimes the trolls here will hit on issues that tap into preexisting prejudices and those topics get more traction but mostly what happens is the troll will make an argument not supported by any facts , someone will make a good rebuttal , then the troll will delete his account . 
  fareed zakaria wrote a good article which cites studies on how people are more likely to latch onto information that confirms their own preexisting bias 's regardless of that information 's absurdity . 
  so that 's also part of the picture . 
  the kremlin would probably call these people useful idiots . 
   the perfidious aspect of moscow 's strategy is that by spreading so many targeted lies , it has a `` boy who cried wolf '' effect . 
  it blurs the lines between what is real and what is fabricated . 
  rather than try and beat its opponent in its battle for the truth , russia simply sabotages the whole game . 
  `` russian propaganda does not put out one version of a story but many , and in doing so it pollutes the realm of information , '' says an eu insider . 
  `` in the end , people no longer believe any version '' -- including the one that 's true . 
  i think this is why you see so many inane arguments about russia or their interests on other subreddits . 
  the objective is n't to convince anyone of anything . 
  it 's to make the format useless for gathering information . 
  ironic since he 's probably one of the richest men in the world . 
  it annoys me that people think there 's equivalence between western corruption and russian corruption and that one justifies the other . 
  if tom has a cold and jim has cancer , they 're both sick but they 're not equally sick . 
  yes , putin 's friends just become rich thanks to putin 's good business advice and inspirational presence . 
  i do n't like the word brainwashing but the shoe kind of fits . 
  this way of thinking is being promoted through propaganda . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-31020283  peter pomerantsev , who recently spent several years working on documentaries and reality shows for russian tv , argues that russian state media are not just distorting truth in ukraine , they go much further , promoting a seductive nihilism . 
  `` the russian strategy , both at home and abroad , is to say there is no such thing as truth , '' he says . 
  `` i mean , you know , ` the americans are bad , we 're bad , and everyone 's bad , so what 's the big deal about us being a bit corrupt ? 
  you know our democracy 's a sham , their democracy 's a sham . ', 
  mighty convenient for the kremlin to have people thinking that way . 
  russia helped negotiate the deal . 
  yes . 
  the essence of russian propaganda is n't `` we 're the ones the telling the truth . '', 
  it 's `` there 's no such thing as truth . '',
