  think about it . 
  controlling the elements . 
  the kind that does n't deliver . 
  so almost everyone . 
  well then ... christmass day ... fire coming down form the sky , tornados everywhere , flying tress ... 
  the world goes batshit crazy awaiting the rapture ... 
  suddenly everything stops ... troll of the year . 
  this is sad more than anything . 
  the devil 's tattoo - b.r.m.c. 
  yay !, 
  no more hangovers !, 
  * the maltese falcon, 
  * the shawshank redemption, 
  * goodellas, 
  `` resturant '' ... comic sans ... why ? 
  it says 591ml ... 
  jake gyllenhaal, 
  dude ... 
  black rebel motorcycle club ( b.r.m.c. ), 
  that 's probably the best answer one could give . 
  look on the bright side op ... 
  i 'm sure most of the old people attending had a way better time watching the scene you guys made rather than the show !, 
  i would n't . 
  he might very well be an obnoxious asshole who makes shit music , but he 's now rich and famous ... 
  he won , simple as that . 
  good point . 
  it 's still way too early . 
  this is the greatest thing i 've seen in a while ... thank you . 
  that whole album is simply amazing . 
  a driver working for uber ... 
  it 's a taxi-like service . 
  mosquitoes ... 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'll be everybody 's pick . 
  just because i saw it being played on tv today ... to the person who made eragon ( just the movie of course ) : go fuck yourself . 
  daniel powter 's bad day was playing everywhere 24/7 all year long . 
  hugo boss t-shirts ? 
  the best way is just quitting cold turkey ... 
  it will be hard but from what i 've seen it 's the most effective method . 
  a huge coffee mug ... well , shit ... 
  greece, 
  `` hey , get this thing off of me right fucking now '' - cat, 
  awesome !, 
  i 'll pm you an invite for our ts . 
  the smell of coffee . 
  i lost everything ... never again ... sigh, 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  `` eat shit and die . 
  all i ever asked was to be left alone . '', 
  - anon, 
  thanks corsair !, 
  good luck to everyone !, 
  late to the party but here we go :, 
  i have around 1.5 k hours and i 've gotten 3 asc boxes ( 2 armor and 1 weapon ) from pvp and sw and from what i can tell i should consider myself very lucky ... 
  yes these are very very rare . 
  sooooo ... what 's your point exactly ? 
  these , plus the fact that dungeon tracks can help you with the dungeon achievements as well . 
  servers do n't matter in pve anymore.players from all servers are thrown in together in the same instances . 
  you should consider which server you want to join only if you 're into wvw . 
  as for the classes , just try them out and see which ones you like . 
  everything has the potential to work . 
  ah i see . . well in pvp again server does n't matter , and while i am from europe i play on na servers so i do n't know much about eu wvw , but i see no problem with joining desolation . 
  ( btw you can actually transfer to a different server but you have to pay in gems ) . 
  as for the class part my point still stands ... 
  try a few combinations and see what works for you two specifically . 
  first of all , i am truly sorry for what happened to you . 
  i mourn for and with you . 
  on the other hand though ... of course the worst would be the sylvari :p, 
  i run both an amd cpu and gpu and i have no problems with performance . 
  thing is , this game ( as most mmos ) is cpu heavy and does n't stress your gpu all that much . 
  make sure all your drivers are updated and no unnecessary services/programs are running in the backround . 
  basically what the others said . 
  most of the players are max level and due to the beta weekend many are either exploring the new map or trying the new specs in pvp or w/e and f2p accounts are limited in the chat aspect . 
  join a guild , make some friends , move on to higher level areas and you 'll see that the chat is quite active . 
  oh ... it 's you again ... 
  ever thought of making your own groups ? 
  luck is capped at 300 % ... from there you can buff your magic find further with food/utils/banners / whatever . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.guildwars2.com/en/retailers ) should show the official retailers for your country . 
  my advise would be to keep an eye out for a discount from one of those , or else you 'll be risking your account being banned . 
  well , while the drawing itself is awesome , there is a problem with the subject :p, 
  what / u/solsia-aka-zelda said . 
  if not for different currencies for every dungeon , people would just farm one or two of the easy paths or some random pvp dungeon track and be able to get every single item . 
  tthe whole system is pretty straightforward . 
  you want ac gear ? 
  run ac and do the ac pvp track , simple as that . 
  it offers both insentive to try different things in the game and maintains the idea of exclusivity ( sort of ) . 
  and i fail to see how the whole thing is confusing . 
  maybe all you need is some getting used to , which comes in time . 
  [ ca n't stop rewatching that moment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5y_2h9mlqt4#t=1m0s ), 
  here we go again ... 
  this is you 3rd post ( iirc ) . 
  make your own groups and/or switch up your build . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  afaik , if you 're all on the same server ( so as to wvw with them as well ) there is nothing you ca n't do together . 
  you can join their missions/home instances/maps/whatever-you-want . 
  as far as i know !, 
  ah yes , you unlock a new dungeon every for every 10 level you gain from 30 and up . 
  for example once you hit level 30 , you unlock the story mode for ascalonian catacombs and when you hit 35 you can then run the 3 explorable paths . 
  [ here ] ( https://wiki.guildwars2.com/wiki/dungeon ) is the wiki link if you need more info on each dungeon , it 's rewards etc etc.
