  neither is good for a flavor , although at least the limitless perfoms better than expected in that regard and i find it easier to build on . 
  as u/jaqenvalor said , it loves to let you mod gate a taste of your juice , but it 's no big deal and as for the leaking issues , while it takes some getting used to , it rarely happens since the air holes are quite raised . 
  from personal ( but very limited ) experience with rtas , i believe any dripper can fair better than them in most , if not all , aspects . 
  i got some lemon sherbet and choc-a-nana from onepoundeliquid . 
  happy to say they surpassed any expectation . 
  happy birthday man !, 
  awesome !, 
  why the need for completely opaque bottles , juice makers ? 
  i wan na be able to see how much is left . 
  ( also , where is my juice novavapes ? 
  t_t ), 
  dinner lady - lemon tart , good but so ridiculously expensive . 
  hopefully my order from novavapes will arrive tomorrow too . 
  1st order for me too . . 8 days and still nothing and my lemon tart is running low ( pls send help ) . 
  black friday ? 
  damn , i forgot about all that !, 
  well i sure hope we get some !, 
  day 11 ( ish ) of waiting for my first order from novavapes . 
  daddy pls . 
  edit : they 've arrived and all 3 are amazing . 
  thank you / u/novavapes !, 
  guess i should have asked for them memes . 
  well , shit . 
  i got a 270x running great with manjaro . 
  what i do hate though , is wine/pol . 
  manjaro is the distro i 'm currently running !, 
  and i 'm using the standard amd linux drivers . 
  get into diy , buy an rta/rdta and a small backup mod . 
  and that 's it !, 
  try turning off the hardware acceleration option from within the browser first . 
  my cuboid dies a sad death a couple days ago due to a small accident . 
  poor fella lasted almost a year . 
  so now i got me a noisy cricket ii-25 to go with my limitless 24 and it is ... interesting !, 
  now to get me some more of that nova juice . 
  i just got mine and i 'm extremely happy with it . 
  a good alternative would be the tesla invader iii ( better build quality and potentiometer ) , but it 's more expensive and also only 23mm . 
   once os installed went to settings  software & updates  additional drivers and used the nvidia proprietary driver and broadcom for wifi . 
  are you sure thought , that your system is indeed using the proprietary driver ? 
  because installing and using are not one and the same sadly . 
  lspci - nnk | grep - i vga - a3 | grep ` in use ', 
  try this . 
  iirc it will either say `` nouveau '' which is the open source driver , or something like `` unified nvidia drivers '' which is the one you want . 
  mint is a solid distro !, 
  good luck and have fun with it !, 
  i love my noisy ii . 
  cheap and versatile . 
  so either that or the tesla invader ii ( which iirc is limited to 23mm atomizers ) . 
  no , it will not . 
  it pretty much has all the protections you would expect from a regulated mod ( ohm , polarity etc. ) . 
  but , of course , battery safety rules still apply . 
  oooh nice !, 
  good luck everyone !, 
  i 've been using vtcs and hg2s with mine and i have n't notice any problems . 
  so , i would suggest trying a new set of batteries and if that fails as well , try adjusting your builds . 
  yeah , those are great batteries !, 
  i normally use fused claptons either at 0.3 ohms ( in regulated series mode ) or 0.7 in unregulated . 
  i 've even used ss a couple of times and it was good . 
  in general , different types/styles of wire vary on how much they draw from your batteries . 
  after almost three weeks with my noisy 2 , i have to say that i found the perfect mod for me . 
  so much so that i consider buying a couple more of them !, 
  in other news , at last the law about juice bottles being 10ml and the 0.10 $ tax per ml went into effect . 
  rip :(, 
   i am not really experienced in making coils other than the really basic ( not kanthal and stuff like that ), 
  can you explain exactly how you usually build it ? 
  while 3 weeks is waaaay too long for one coil , 3-4 days is a bit excessive i think !, 
  a week should be good !, 
  nah man , 5mls is not that much for these coils . 
  that said , i would make exceptions for `` sugary '' juices that gank up the coils or maybe in case i 'm changing from something , say , menthol based to something completely different . 
  * it varies from region to region , but it depends mostly on your own circle of friends/acquaintances . 
  * the situation is indeed a tab bit horrid , but with a little patience you 'll be alright . 
  * if you are a european citizen you wo n't have any problems . 
  in general you can look at the police and ministry of internal affairs sites for information ( both have english versions of course ) . 
  * firearms are illegal to own , with the exception of hunting rifles ( which you need licenses for of course ) and a few other instances . 
  flashlights and pocket knives are ok afaik ( but i do n't know if there are any specific laws regarding blade length etc ) . 
  * there many community run gyms which are free-ish , if that 's what you 're asking . 
  * definitely not true . 
  you do need to register the child 's name with the city . 
  * most people will be excited to help . 
  * since you 're an eu citizen you have the same rights are us . 
  * it is openly talked about to an absurd degree . 
  * the church as an entity/corp/organisation / whatever does play a big role . 
  but as for the people , no , nobody 's going to be offended ( with the exception of old people perhaps , since those tend to be the more hardcore ones ) . 
  in general most people wo n't care , espec when the average religious greek wo n't go to church more than 2-3 times a year . 
  oh no , that wo n't be an issue at all . 
  look for clubs/gyms specialized in '' \u0386\u03c1\u03c3\u03b7 \u0392\u03b1\u03c1\u03ce\u03bd '' ( weight lifting ) . 
  those tend to go with the `` no machine nonsense '' attitude !, 
  as i said flashlights and small pocket knives are fine . 
  do n't know about the brightness thing , but i have seen people carry all kinds of ( reasonable sized ) knives just fine . 
  as for shotguns and stuff , no , they are not legal . 
  you can use them for hunting or gun sport related stuff and self-defense cases where police/the court deem it appropriate . 
  but for those you need permits which need psych evaluations and things like that anyway . 
  separation of church and state is not a thing here , sadly . 
  so that does make them a factor in politics , espec since they tend to lean on the right ( and in some cases far right ) . 
  but , people do n't care . 
  especially in urban areas no one gives a damn . 
  and , like everywhere else , most young people want nothing to do with it . 
  edit : a word, 
  nah , nothing to that extent . 
  in big , urban areas like thessaloniki or athens , as well as touristy ones like the islands , most people wo n't give a damn other than perhaps a snicker or weird look here and there . 
  but with that said , if you find yourself in some remote village in the middle of nowhere for example , then people might get a bit weirded out ( which stems from the remoteness and the whole religious thing ) .
