  edit : you will all need to be level 30 in order to join together . 
  not in this sub we ca n't . 
  keep looking at / r/guildrecruitment , the [ looking for ] ( https://forum-en.guildwars2.com/forum/community/lookingfor ) section of the forums and the in-game map chat where guilds usually advertise . 
  not afaik and i think that would be impossible since recipes etc are toon based and not account wide . 
  oh this is amazing !, 
  if you could be more specific on the price , i 'd love to have my thief drawn . 
  sounds excellent !, 
  100g it is :d, 
  well yes , it is true that this game , as well as most of this kind , is more cpu than gpu heavy . 
  but sadly 1gb wo n't get you far in the gaming world today . 
  with that said you can find cards like an r7 240x or 250x for way less than 100 $ . you wo n't be bale to play at ultra , you will see a significant difference imo . 
  1 . yes people do need those crappy low level items for various reasons , so they do buy them !, 
  no you ca n't manualy pick dailies . 
  it depends on the event . 
  some take a while , others have prerequisites . 
  some do n't chain at all . 
  ( and a few just bug out ), 
  all three . 
  it depends on the map/event/boss / whatever . 
  yes you are of use in terms of gaining influence for the guild . 
  but the main thing is that you have people that can help you , teach you , answer questions and have fun with you . 
  yes , us thieves are best at single target damage . 
  especially now you have to utilise everything to survive . 
  meaning dodges , blinks , stealth and evades . 
  just give it time ... 
  the only way to master a class is by playing it . 
  as for the weapons , always keep have a shortbow equiped and personaly i prefer d/d and switching s/p when having to deal with a lot of mobs at once . 
  also , backstab is our strongest skill !, 
  the ones that are used in recipes do get stored in your bank . 
  the others are trophies which you can just sell to a merchant . 
  you do n't really have to worry about your gear untill you hit 80 ( unless of course if you want to run dungeons and stuff at lower levels ) . 
  so yeah , you 'll be fine for a while with the gear from your personal strory . 
  all currencies serve a different purpose , if you are confused by them do n't worry yet , you 'll get the hang of it eventually . 
  yes , if you want to play ls2 you have to buy it from the gemstore either with cash or by converting gold . 
  ls1 is not available . 
  im pretty sure i 've missed a few or gotten wrong a few stuff , so feel free to correct me . 
  12 stacks ... got five blooms and a box ... those who got a reward got the same no matter how many stacks the had , but many got nothing at all . 
  well ... that was lame . 
  from what you wrote , i can truly understnad why you would feel such a strong connection to the guild . 
  but i am pretty sure that there is nothing you can do yourself to resolve this . 
  and as for anet , even if it is possible for them to do something to help , imho they should never interfere in a situation like this . 
  what i would suggest is that you have a talk with all the people that remain about what their thoughts , plans and goals are and form a new guild with them . 
  sure , it might be hard to begin from zero and you might have to work extra hard , but ( again imho ) is the only thing you can and should do . 
  edit : in any case good luck with whatever you decide to do . 
  getting to 80 is not that hard . 
  people could very easily bot their accounts throught any restriction regarding the tp and map chat . 
  and of course they 're making two separate groups . 
  those who bought the game and those who may like it enough to buy it . 
  exactly because it 's a massive game , if there were n't any restrictions there would n't be much reason to buy it and rightfully so since they 'll be able to enjoy so much content even without hot and the new stuff that will come with it . 
  that 's the problem ... 
  these are paid accounts , so imagine how many you would get if there were n't any restrictions in place . 
  instead of 4-6 you 'd get 10 - \u221e, 
  you wo n't see updates from anet since this does n't appear to be their fault . 
  from the other threads it seems like there 's an issue with certain isps . 
   whenever i finish building a new character , i always feel like i 'm not sure if i 'll actually like roaming with it . 
  meaning you do n't even try them out ? 
   if he was a human , i think it 'd be the class i 'd stay with , unfortunately , no race-change kit exists : /, 
  if you dislike the idea so much then i do n't see what else you could do besides deleting the charr and making a human . 
  my advice is not to go anywhere near that skritt ... trust me ... 
  well with all the new players joining the game , i 'd say it 's necessary to explain the very basics ... 
  things like :, 
  * weapon skills ( main hand/off hand etc ), 
  * hearts vs events vs eotm vs w/e ( `` exp and how to get it '' kind of thing ), 
  * lfg `` etiquette '' ( for most people it 's obvious , but for some ... well ... ), 
  * world bosses, 
  you know ... 
  basic stuff like that ... had to answer questions about things like these many many times . 
  the ones i watch regularly are :, 
  woodenpotatoes, 
  mikei the mighty, 
  mmoiknks, 
  brazil, 
  karaoke, 
  3xele vs 3xele ... no room for resbot . 
  look , while both the `` anet is the second coming of jesus and does nothing wrong '' and the `` burn anet 's offices and fire the devs '' attitudes are toxic and counterproductive , thief is not in a really good place right now . 
  if you do n't mind the +1 ing decapping resbot role in pvp then go for it . 
  as for wvw , for now we 're still pretty good/useful . 
  yes , sadly you 'll have your `` floor wiped '' most of the time . 
  i ca n't tell you to reroll or not , that 's something you 'll have to decide for yourself . 
  just try stuff out and see how you like it . 
  all in all , thief really needs some attention . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  well i 'm sorry i think my class need fixing i guess . 
  well there 's only one solution to that . 
  make your own groups . 
  [ this might be of help . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3tafw7jmj_0 ) but what do i know , i 'm just a game ruinning thief . 
  you have to read the decriptions of the parties . 
  anything saying stuff like `` p1/p2 exp '' or similar means the group is looking for 80s that know the paths and how to work within a group . 
  since you are lower level you should be looking for groups stating things like `` all welcome '' or `` fun run '' or stuff like that . 
  better yet , make your own group . 
  edit : i can spell , i swear, 
  you do n't have to have a different set . 
  you can very well wvw with your beserker 's set . 
  but i like to have a few different ones at hand depending on what we 're doing / what i 'm in the mood for . 
  obligatory `` not everything you see and do n't understand is a hack/exploit/whatever '', 
  other than that , anet tends to ban hackers in waves in order for them not to be able to tell why/how they got caught . 
  i 've said it before ... cats should be really worried ... what if mordremoth possesses wmds ? 
  imagine a surprise catnip attack on bc . 
  awesome video man .
