as veteran said , you should probably try to talk to your friends about how you feel ... 
  isolation only adds to depression ( i know , i spent a year and a half with the only human connection being the clerck at my local supermarket and my parents over the phone ) ... 
  i get that you do n't wan na talk to your boyfriend about it for as long as he is away , but you have to talk to someone ... 
  this is , in lack of a better word , disgusting ... 
  i 'd like to think that if i were in your position , i 'd call the authorities on them , even though if it did n't go the right way i 'd lose my job ( right ? ), 
  please , keep trying to help your patients , even if it 's just talking to them ... 
  i do !, 
  i would love to have it , cause i just build my desktop and due to this i 'm on a tight budget . 
  no , i 'll have to buy a new one ... 
  i 'm pretty sure the stock ca n't take it . 
  for now i 'm using 1600mhz vengeance wich , for now at least , is just fine ... 
  but later on i 'll probably upgrade . 
  true . 
  so let 's see how much can this thing take !, 
  ... and thanks for the video , it 's was very informative . 
  i had the exact same setup . 
  the procedure is very easy and simple . 
  and i think there 's a step by step tutorial on kali.org . 
  http://docs.kali.org/category/installation ... 
  here you can find documentation on any kind of installation you want to do . 
   losing the precious calories i gained that day . 
  i had many over the years . 
  but my best one was last week . 
  my almost 5 year old laptop died recently ( rip my friend ... even with your i3 and your hd 5650 , you managed to handle everything i threw at you ) , so i built my humble pc ... 
  so after setting it up , i booted cod : aw and my mind blew . 
  nothing will ever be the same again . 
  i have a corsair 200r ... 
  plain , cheap , great airflow , lot 's of space . 
  can confirm . 
  i fried a laptop fan and that way . 
  the smoke along with dust form something like paste . 
  game of the century . 
  104c ... holly shit man . 
  my laptop would just auto-shutdown after hitting like 80c or something ( so every 5 minutes ) , untill i got a new fan . 
  this . 
  try premiere . 
  im praising so hard . 
  i sell them most of the time . 
  and there are already subs for that . 
  check out :, 
  / r/buildapcsales, 
  there are probably more . 
  praise the lord ... that album should be banned . 
  it should be perma-banned , ip-banned , life-banned and any other kind of - banned . 
  username a bit relevant ... 
  pressing f with all my might . 
  they 're improving it every day !, 
  yes , i guess it 's the same !, 
  i 'm just spreading the word , direct the compliments to the owners/mods !, 
  come right now if you wnat !, 
  there 's a giveway going on . 
  pcmasterradio.net !, 
  there 's also an irc chat, 
  the station is great and the folks there are trying to improve it eveyrday !, 
  plus the people in the irc chat are cool too , so please check it out . 
  you are not the only one op ... not the only one t_t ... 
  the ram of course ... 
  i bought my 120gb ssd for just 50 $, 
  good enough for sure ... but i live in a country where the electronics tax is too high and for the money i spent , i could have built a way better pc elsewhere . 
  yeah , cheapest one i could find here in greece , was about 630 $ ( ~ 785 $ ) ... 
  i feel your pain brother . 
  i got the r9 270x 4gb and i 'm honestly quite impressed . 
  definately worth it . 
  i 'd love me some garry 's mod !, 
  om my god !!, 
  thank you glorious brother !, 
  http://steamcommunity.com/id/mrdirepcmr !, 
  44 is my number and i 'd like me some goat sim . 
  thanks for doing this !, 
  nooo . 
  noooooooo . 
  i 'd love me some goat sim if anyone can spare !, 
  happy holidays brothers and sisters . 
  i have the sapphire 4gb one and i love it !, 
  this is a copypasta from a 4chan post ( about some weird japanese game unsurprisingly ), 
  happy birthday man !, 
  public is crap . 
  almost a month late but here we go :, 
  `` eat shit and die . 
  all i ever asked was to be left alone '' - 4chan anon . 
  hey !!!, 
  thanks , this is amazing !!!!, 
  i just want the third one to be a little shorter than the first , but if you ca n't do that it 's fine . 
  ca n't thank you enough !, 
  wow . 
  again , ca n't thank you enough man !!, 
  this is exactly it !, 
  i certainly will !!, 
  thanks again !!, 
  i used to have very vivid dreams for quite some time and usually a character ( either me or whoever else ) had this `` symbol '' somewhere on them and good stuff always happened to them , or they did something awesome . 
  we have money ... 
  i feel sorry for the next guy . 
  the whole `` hi , how are you ? '', 
  thing . 
  do n't ask me how i 'm doing when the only acceptable thing to do is answer ` fine '' or become `` that guy '' . 
  rollo from vikings, 
  usa , england and oddly enough korea . 
  `` eat shit and die . 
  all i ever asked was to be left alone . '', 
  cloacking devices .
