  absorbing that much salt is a bad idea . 
  and a very bad idea if you are already dishydrated and your kidneys are n't working too well . 
  dr. accili , are you from italy or italian-american ? 
  if you are italiano could you tell us how and why you ended up at columbia university ? 
  i know that this is not a relevant question , but as an italian medical student myself i 'm interessed , 
  also , what do you think of this research http://www.uniroma1.it/notizie/le-due-facce-di-una-proteina-influiscono-sul-diabete ? 
  how it could effect your work and the research on type i diabetes ? 
  ( professor miele was one of my teacher of biochemistry ), 
  by a factor of 0.4 km/h ? 
  that 's really irrelevant . 
  unless you were ironic ... 
  for the whole summer there is an outdoor ban on alcohol in the area ( and others area in rome ) . 
  from 10pm to 7am stores can not sell alcohol to drink on the streets , and you can not have a glass container if you are on the street . 
  from 12pm to 7am is forbidden to drink alcohol at all in the streets . 
  from 2am to 7am no store or pub or whatever can sell alcohol . 
  i do n't know how much this is enforced . 
  the ban is instituted every summer since at least 3 years ago , i ca n't remember exactly when it was first instituited . 
  then how much it is enforced , is another story ... 
  tabloids and internet rumours are even less full of logic . 
  as long as se are using the same units of measurement , a change from 0.10 t0 0.8 is noticeable . 
  most country in europe has a 0.5 limits , or even less , and there were no madd or relevant prohibitionist movements . 
  again , if we are using the same units . 
  also , it is true that every amount of alchol has an effect on your brain . 
  it is a matter of balancing between the effects and social behaviour . 
  saying that `` chistianity is dying in western europe '' is definetely an huge exageration . 
  but it is indeed true that the level of , uhm , `` adesion '' to christianity is fallin , and it is doing that since decades ago . 
  according to a 2010 [ eurobarometer study ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_european_union ) the average for the eu28 of people who do not believe in any god or spiritual force is at 20 % , and the average for people who believe in some non-organized or codified spiritual force is at 26 % . 
  we can say that the average is 46 % of people do not believe in any of the organized religion , but the number is probably lower ( you could still be `` christian * ish * '' and call yourself a believer in a spiritual force ) . 
  the interesting thing here is that there is an huge difference in numbers , with many countries having very low levels of `` full believers '' and others having a much stronger level . 
  mass attendence in most of europe ( i really do n't know about countries like poland ) is relatively low . 
  the socially-mandatory sunday mass is still a thing just in very small comunity . 
  this was n't the case when my parents were young ( my parents are 65 years old ) . 
  the church is having an hard time in looking for new priests , the rate of young people who decides to become priests has really , really plummeted . 
  you can see quite a number of south-american/african young priest being the , uhm , `` resident priest '' ( is that a word ? ), 
  in a church right now . 
  as i said , christianity is not dying on the continent . 
  but it is not doing very well , on average . 
  i think that some people in the usa can get this exagerate feeling because of the very different relationship we have with religion . 
  the level of penetration of religious stuff in the everyday life that we see in the usa ( generalization , i know ) is unheard of in europe , even in the most religious country . 
  i live in italy , wich is pretty religious as you can imagine , but using `` god '' or `` christ '' in a political setting is something that nobody do . 
  it 's not that it is enforced , it 's just not part of how things are done ; even the politicians who are very christian at most talk about the `` chistian roots '' , but nothing more . 
  the `` god bless america '' and using the bible in an oath for a public position it 's unthinkable . 
  ( that does n't mean that we do not have to worry about religious zealots and interference by the church , unfortunately ), 
  i 've done the edit . 
  it endend up a bit messy , i 'm sorry . 
  if we are talking about a single meal , a kebab and a coke . 
  or a pizza and a coke . 
  in my univeristy there is a room where the `` pratical '' ( as far as that can go ) anatomy lessons are held that has a couple of actual skeleton on display , and then there are a couple of plaques , in other places of the room , in memory of the people who donated the body . 
  with an actual name on it , like `` to the memory of x who donated his body to the teaching of medicine '' . 
  it 's a bit unsettling , because this may very well means that they are talking about those skeletons in the room . 
  and the plaques say that they died about 10 years ago , and one of them was a professor . 
  actually here the problem is that you replied with something completely irrelevant . 
  i suspect you are trolling , actually . 
  `` extremist liberal '' and `` he deserves it more '' are pretty big flags . 
  you have to admit that having `` fireballs of the eucharist '' is way cooler than having fibroids of the uterus . 
  because the value of the new currency would not be par with the living standard of nowadays scotland , to put it very simply . 
  the `` power '' of a currency is a matter of trust in the economical/financial capacity of that country , mostly . 
  since an indipendent scotland would have a completely different economical situation , the value of a brand new currency would be way lower than the value of the pound . 
  but everything was used to operate with a much stronger value , and this causes a whole lot of serious problem with the import/export due to you now using a worse exchange rate . 
  plus precedentely signed contracts should be honoured with the currency written in the contract , so you will have to still use pounds for a while for business and then exchange them for the new currency , losing some money in the process due to a bad exchange rate . 
  ( this is particularly troublesome for very big stuff ), 
  plus mortgage 's interest would very probably rise a lot . 
  i do n't know if this is announced suicide , but it is for sure a very troublesome situation . 
  ** tl ; dr ** the problem is not using you own currency , the problem is going from a stronger to a weaker currency . 
  because it 's mostly a matter of trust . 
  an independent scotland is not as financially trustworty as the pound . 
  the pound right now is one of the big `` refuge '' currency , and this alone is a big plus . 
  well , it depends on why it is not allowed . 
  if it is because is not deemed safe , they will be greedy assholes . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i litterally was there less than 2 days ago , and i assure you that the old jewish quarter ( or town , as you called it ) has very , very little evident * jewishness * in it . 
  some of the synagogue themselves do n't look like synagogues at all . 
  it 's basically a regular neigbourhood of prague with some jewish building in it . 
  it loolks like the worst places in the world for that . 
  that 's acttually a brilliant idea to scare little kids and sto them from littering . 
  aiba-kun , is that you ? 
  if the water you are drinking is heavy on some minerals you are actually helping the formation of kideny stones . 
  well , as a guy reading this on his bed at 4:14 am , fuck you . 
  i 'm using it , toolbar , yes , but malware ? 
  explain , please . 
  this whole sugar rush stuff ist strictely an usa ( maybe canada also ? ), 
  thing . 
  nobody knows the concept of it here , nobody ever talked about their kids being more active after eating sugar . 
  ever . 
  i mean , if it was true everybody in the world should have their version of the sugar rush in their culture , but nobody actually has . 
  shit , i 'm pretty sure that movie translators often change a line about sugar rush with something else because nobody would understand what 's going on . 
  til tha albert einstein knew ( at least a little ) italian . 
  something to do with being in switzerland , i assume . 
  that 's why you are not in the eu !, 
  just out of curiosity , how do you pronounce togliatti ? 
  edit : i mean in russian . 
  it looks pretty close to the italian pronunciation ... 
  noto pictured : the spiders . 
  the fucking spiders everywhere near the river . 
  those statues you see ? 
  full of webs with spiders on them . 
  big spiders . 
  all the streets near the river are like this . 
  uh , where ? 
  i was there the last week , i have n't seen any particolar problem with graffiti .
