  basically , i was very prone to develop a kidney infection , that in an newborn is something pretty dangerous . 
  thank to modern medicine i just had an high fever when i was very little , they discovered what i had , cured me and then had me drink a strawberry flavored antibiotics each day for a couple of year until my kidney grew to the right size for my ureter . 
  i have blue eyes . 
  i had used black eyeliner and eyeshadow when i acted in some play in highschool . 
  i look fucking fantastic with that , my eyes looks like 10x better . 
  i want make-up for males , fuck it . 
  i do n't know , at the time nobility became scholars exactly because they were nobility : thus with a lot of free time during the day . 
  yeah , as medical student sometime i think that it should be made mkre clear that it 's not that easy to catch hiv , but on the other side i think that a lot of people would get the message as `` it 's ok to risk it , since the chanche is low '' , which would be a disaster . 
  they voted in the whole uk , not just england . 
  yeah , this probably the main counter argument of this theory . 
  too similar to hp . 
  i 'm not saying that disprove it ... 
  but ... 
  actually space debris are the very last of the reasons why this thing wo n't work . 
  it 's just like dumping a couple of garbage truck in the ocean , yes that 's a lot of garbage , but the ocean is so big that the chanche of just randomly swimming in garbage while in the ocean is almost zero . 
  and a pharmacy . 
  you can actually go buying drug in the vatican , but you have to show to a guard your doctor request . 
  ( due to different laws about drug safety sometime you can find there drugs not usually sold in italy ), 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but i feel that using sexual assault would need an active coercion . 
  also , should n't that means that the person performing the exam would be considered part of the assault ? 
  ( i 'm just guessing here ), 
  what is the song name ? 
  you can demostrate it by showing income and/or where you live and by stealing basically nothing . 
  if you stole bread and some bananas and you live under a bridge , it 's pretty easy to demostrate that . 
  if you live under a bridge but you stole 2 pack of beer and 10 kg of meat , you have some explaining to do . 
  i get your point , but this is a different thing . 
  what you are saying is true in the sense that a good lawyer could use the `` precedent '' to convince the judge of a lower court that their ruling would be overturned by the supreme court , so they should change their mind on the issue . 
  but the supreme court in civil law system does not judge anyone : they judge the sentence itself , looking for bad interpretations and/or mistakes in the papers . 
  that may explains why it happened in the first place . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  if they are high speed train they go at high speed . 
  this is not really a market when you can deliver a product that broken and not being sued out of existence . 
  also the only high speed company that had ( not sure if is still open nowaday ) a factory in italy is alstom , which is a highly respected french company ... 
  wait , fika in sweedish means an informal meeting with food ? 
  that 's hilarious , in italia fica ( pronounced the same , i guess ) means litterally pussy . 
  wait , i 'm not french myself , but the the `` terror period '' of the french revolution is such an important part of the whole thing that i do not believe that it 's not teached in france . 
  it 's not `` a '' part , it 's basically half of it . 
  was n't this kinda like the plot of `` flashforward '' , the tv show ? 
  i 've never gone past the 2 episode , but i remember that one of the major thing was a character who simply did n't see anything while everyone else saw their future , meaning that he was going to die soon . 
  while i 'm sure that there are a fair share of attention whores there , i 'm also sure that there are also a lot of people who have crushing insecurity and have a really hard time to see their face as it really is . 
  it 's similar to what happens with anorexia , really . 
  also , they may be posting their `` perfect '' picture where they looks better than usual . 
  every native romance language speaker has this problem . 
  is simply a sound that does n't exist in pur languages , so we have to specifically put it in , and this is troublesome . 
  just curious , it is really that common in the usa to go to the gym and just `` do your thing '' , hence why you wrote down point 1 of your list ? 
  here ( italy ) usually there is at least one trainer that prepare a workout plan as soon as they see you and follows you as much as possible . 
  you pay extra only for a dedicated trainer that follow you and just you . 
  i think he is referencing to the fact that japanese streets usually do n't have real addresses . 
  if you want to meet with friends at a new place you just discover you do not vive them and address , you have to explain how to get there using reference point . 
  but yes , the guy was way too salty . 
  to be honest , japan has kind of a crush for europe , especially france and italy . 
  being french or italian in japan will seriously give you a bonus . 
  it 's not like suddenly everything is easy , but they tends to open a bit more . 
  the are 2 point here to take into account :, 
  1 ) the king 's court was an huge drain to the state 's finances . 
  you remove the court , you now have a lot more money each month . 
  2 ) some policies were * really * bad . 
  once you fix those your economy will increase rapidly by a lot . 
  trastevere is absolutely charming , and op should totally visita it ... 
  but it 's one of the most tourist crowded area in rome , it 's not away from the massds of tourist . 
  well , for an average ( as in , not going to fancy restaurant everyday and stuff like that ) holiday about 2000 usd a week is a lot for about every place in the world . 
  it 's not about it being cheap , it 's about your budget being wayyyy too generous . 
  i was sure this happened * at least * 100 years ago . 
  but no , it happened in 1985 . 
  this is actually a very common , and dangerous misconception : trains are *** not *** noisy untill they are a few seconds from you . 
  any kind of train , slow , fast , passenger , freight ... you spot a train , you do n't hear it . 
  during the day , sure . 
  nightime , it 's absolutely packed in high season . 
  i was born and live in rome , saturday night in trastevere is a common thing to do for us locals ... 
  but without a car . 
  the place is so packed that finding a parking spot is impossible . 
  because it probably happened once to a guy , in 2012 , but is such a nice story that they just love to repeat it like is a common occurence . 
  as everyone who has been in a public park can tell , men alone with kids are relatively common . 
  every romance language as a `` thou '' and a `` you '' , and only france has something with actual power like the acad\u00e9mie . 
  so no , it 's not because of the acad\u00e9mie francaise . 
  wait , what ? 
  a 29 % interest rate is legal ? 
  how ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  well , `` eureka '' litterally means `` i have found it '' in ( ancient ) greek . 
  in many legislation if i give you an interest rate that you can not possibly repay it 's considered usury . 
  the idea is that if you do this your intention ( mens rea ) were to make me pay way more than i expected . 
  let 's say that i 'm a college student with a shitty a part time job , if you lend me money with an interest rate that make me pay 1000 $ each month to you it would be extremely clear to you that i 'm not going to be able to pay you . 
  since you know this but you still gave me the money , this can only means that you never intended to have your money back in due time , you wanted me to not be able to pay in order to have me on your book for a longer time or take some of my belongings , like my house . 
  this is considered usury in many legislation . 
  it ... it does n't ?!, 
  i do n't know , i know a lot of girls who say that men making noises during sex is hot . 
  it makes sense , it show that yuo are really enjoying it . 
  maybe it kicks in also some `` animal brain '' things , like how a deeper voice is more sexy than an high voice ( grunting are obviously deep sounds ) . 
  i 'm more inclined to thik that vocalization during sex is something that humans find sexy , but men are not used to `` let it be '' and kinda suppress it . 
  absolutely not true . 
  it 's uncommon for women to come just from penetration , but that 's a far cry from `` does nothing '' . 
  actually , yes . 
  you can ask to give your patients to someone else if you know him/her . 
  it 's better for both unless you are 100 % ok with that . 
  he/she will not feel embarassed and you can work with a clear mind . 
  that 's not how being bi works . 
  it 's litterally the opposite . 
  it depends on the precise location and how it feels touching it . 
  a bump in a random area is most likely `` just a bump '' .
