  this actually happened on a forum i read . 
  apparently one day one of the user was on a date when a guy just approchead him saying `` ehi nickname !, 
  '' , asked him if he solved a problem he mentioned on the forum , and then said something on the line of `` btw , it 's late got ta go , by nickname ! '' . 
  the user was so pissed . 
  we never discovered who was that guy , but everyone had a good laugh out of it . 
  well , except for the targeted user . 
  wait , so black licorice is just that ? 
  i always assumed that it was just a `` false friend '' , because here in italy black licorice is an absolutely regular candy . 
  so what your doctors tell that is good to eat ? 
  at least here in europe the to-go medical advice for eating a balanced and healty meal is `` oh , and also eat a lot of fruits '' . 
  the elevator shaft ( that 's the name of the hollow space where the elevator moves , right ? ) . 
  if it seems that the elevator is going to stop mid-level , i start to be uncomfortable at the idea of having to open the door and seeing concrete . 
  i do not fear that i 'm going to fall , it just the fact that i 'm seeing the shaft . 
  also it happens from time to time that i have a nightmare about an elevator that does n't stop . 
  like i 'm on it , and it skip the floor that i was going , and it is still going up ( it is aleays going up , never down ) . 
  in the dream i start to really freak out , wondering if the elevator is going to crash on the ceiling or not ... 
  but i never reach that point . 
  i always switch dream or i wake up . 
  oh , and the idea of the metro breaking down in the tunnel and being forced to walk in the tunnel scare me , even if it never happened to me . 
  here you are . 
  that was harder than expected to translate , actually . 
  it 's pretty litteral , nobody will ever utter an insult that way . 
  you can spot an isreali just making hin sayng `` tram '' . 
  they pronounce it like `` tvram '' with a very `` soft '' r. 
  had a very similar experience . 
  one of the nurse asked to me how i felt , and i said that i was feeling absolutely normal , not sleepy at all . 
  so she suggested that i closed my eye . 
  i did it , and then i re opened them in my hospital room . 
  that was it . 
  i remember having my eye closed for about one second . 
  i was really excited by this experience . 
  if you think about it , it really gives you an hint of what `` not existing anymore '' feels like . 
  you do n't feel it , it 's really just a blink . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  well , in a way yes , but the interesting fact is that you do n't feel it . 
  you do not fall asleep and wake up , you are just conscious one moment , then you are conscious . 
  what happened in the middle simply does not existed . 
  it was n't dark , or dreamy , or whatever . 
  you blink at 3 o ' clock , and now it 's 4 o ' clock . 
  you are assuming that the genes in common would be that ones expressing the phenotype . 
  they may not be . 
  returing to op question , you wo n't be the same person . 
  having different traits will cause you to experience different thing in your life , and the one you experience as a kid are higly formative of who you are . 
  you could end up as more handsome , you get an earlier / prettier so and thus you do a lot of different experience , maybe you build up a lot of confidence . 
  or you could end up uglier . 
  and the opposite apply . 
  or you may get a very athletic body , and so now you are the athletic-type who know others athletics people and have a completely different set of friends . 
  or viceversa . 
  and again , and again ... 
  the chances are more about `` randomly trhowing a ball from your window and landing it on the cleavage of jennifer lawrence '' , probably even less , but yes , it 's possibile . 
  chromosomes does not just rearrange their arms , they also do the `` cross-over '' . 
  this makes the odd of something like that happening ridicously low . 
  well no . 
  she is dead , so that would be impossible . 
  this is possible , even if it is extremely , extremely unlikely . 
  uh , well , yes they are . 
  even if the jerking off guy was being super loud , what do you exactly accomplish by kicking the door open ? 
  how exactly that would be `` incredibly insulting '' ? 
  have you read the actual post and not just the title ? 
  because the title is noto what the author said . 
  having apreciation and doing long division are the same stuff : doing easy thing . 
  you will need time , a lot of it , to have some proficency instead of just an `` apreciation '' . 
  also , the author was talking about the `` i ca n't bother with that , cause i have science to do '' behaviour . 
  the author was talking about the `` hurr durr engineering master race '' behaviour . 
  you will find it ** a lot ** on the internet . 
  also , you said it , you had classes of humanities . 
  but they are nowhere in a typical usa core curriculum . 
  not as mandatory classes , i mean . 
  ( excpet form letterature , of course . ), 
  was your teacher wrong or the `` persons '' are a completely different thing in english than in romance languages ? 
  then they send you in a speciale school for genius kids , where best case scenario you perform as average genius untill college , when you fall back to an average among everyone else 'cause you lost all your momentum . 
  whay you are missing is that humanities need work and years of study to be learned too . 
  reading novels ( which ones ? ), 
  and going to the theatre will not be enough , absolutely not . 
  you need to actually devoute time and energy to study that , and just a very small subset of people will do that on their own . 
  everybody do this , whatever the topic is . 
  few of us find the energy , the time and the desire to study another topic outside of our own . 
  this is way i 'm absolutely for a mandatory well rounded curriculum in high school . 
  you cant be lazy in math class , you ca n't be lazy in philosophy class . 
  you ca n't be lazy in biology class , you ca n't be lazy in literature class . 
  and again , the author was clearly responding to the behaviour , so common on the web , that openly dismiss the humanites . 
  btw , i 'm a medical student . 
  yes , it 's the same . 
  as a modern roman , i 'm laughing . 
  silly barbarians . 
  actually a plane can `` fly '' even with * no * engine . 
  they just glide . 
  as long as it is just the engines and you are not in the middle of some heavy turbolance , the airplane would just glide to the next airport . 
  now do n't get me wrong , this is still dangerous , because you could be too far from the closer airport to glide there , and you have just one chance to land the aircraft , no corrections allowed . 
  but still , engines failure are probably the less dangerous among the major failure . 
  til i learned that not going at war with a relatively piwerfull country is `` not having the character '' . 
  because fucks human lives and the economy . 
  no , they totally do . 
  read the whole chiquita stuff . 
  or the 10000000 other reason for not having your face laughed on by the whole world , you know ? 
  you can film where there is no reasonable expectation of privacy . 
  you ca n't film me on my lawn cause my fences were n't high enough , or the bushes thick enough . 
  you can probably film me if i 'm on a street ( some caveats may apply ) and you can totally film me in a thing like a public manifestation . 
  but you always need my written permission to show what you recorded to others . 
  the only exception is for the press or if you were like in a crowd and i was filming the crowd ( unless i apply a message to it .
