  do you understand that hollywood movies are just a part of the whole `` cinema '' business , right ? 
  no , they do n't , usually . 
  it may happen for big budget thing like a disney or pixar movie , but usually do n't . 
  it costs a lot , both in money and time . 
  re-animation for foreign market is even rarer : you should do the work for every language . 
  even if you cut corners , it is still a big , expensive , work . 
  the brain * will * fix that for you , text adaptation are made with phonetics in mind exactly because you try to sync with the mouth . 
  there is no need to spend money and workforce in something that your brain and a guy who knows phonetics can do . 
  no , as another redditor said , the coma was induced to avoid further damage , but it was bound to happen anyway , just not that soon . 
  maybe the `` big guns '' part ? 
  you know that if you go from 100 to 50 and everyone else is at 2 you are still an outlier ? 
  there can be some phisiological reason , but it 's mostly because non-professional mic change the sound a lot . 
   got jaime lannister 'd, 
  for a brief moment i imagined your sister wanting to have sex with you , and i wondered how that would cause financial trouble ... then the * other * thing came up on my mind . 
  joke aside , 370,000 dollars in loans ? 
  holy shit , i 'm in my third year of medical school , i live in europe , and counting school taxes and books i pay something around 1500 euros each year , that should be around 2000 dollars . 
  what is the average wage for a young md over there ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  edit : fuck , i answered the wrong post . 
  honestly a 3 years time for a process involving the death of a man does n't looks bad . 
  it depends on how the system works in your country , but when we are talking about serious stuff a years long process is quite normal . 
  i 'm tallking about a full process , not just a `` level '' of it . 
  thats a different story . 
  mostly , i 'm not speaking about the uk , you read `` two guys '' when they are caucasians , and `` two black/whatever race '' when they are not . 
  pointing out the race of a suspect only when he/she is not white * is * something that we should get rid off . 
  never understood how this stereotype came up . 
  i 've travaled quite a lot , honestly the only time i met rude people was in amsterdam . 
  still , i 'm not going to say that people in amsterdam are rude . 
  just that it happened to me to met more than one rude person in amsterdam . 
  fuck , you 're right . 
  yeah , tell that to oberyn . 
  so i would say ... stretchy ? 
  interesting for sure . 
  tell her that the chatolic church is not opposed to organ donations , because the reincarnation on the doomsday does n't work on litteral flesh . 
  or , you know , everybody should ne skeletons . 
  when i was a kid we got some turtles ( usually two each time , not a bunch if them in a single time ) but they alla di ed after a couple of month ... 
  except for one of them . 
  that one keep growing and stayed with us for ten solid years . 
  one time she escaped and got stuck under the forniture , we found her after more than a week . 
  she was fine . 
  then one day we decided to give per to another , uh , `` family '' because we could n't buy a proper acquarium for her , motherfucker was double an human hand . 
  so we give her to this lady that we knew had an huge aquarium and a son with a passione for animals . 
  after a year the turtle was dead . 
  i honestly do n't know how you guys have saved so much gold . 
  i mean , in other ways than playing it a lot . 
  am i missing something , or everyone here is a compulsive player ? 
  there is an influence , indeed . 
  i ca n't really tell how strong it is and exactly * where * it exists and where it does n't , but for example in sicilian a mutton is ` crastu ' from the greek `` krastos '' . 
  there is also an influence in topography , some places sound very greek , and there are a couple of very tiny village when they spoke actual greek , even if bastardized , up to two generation ago . 
  try to google `` griko '' . 
  i cant really help you with the gaul stuff ( i 'm neither from the north or the south , i just happen to know more about the south ) but i can tell you that i will be surprised if there is something dating back to the gauls , as far as we are speaking about clear-cut words/phrases . 
  it is a kind of recognized union which has part of the rights and parts of the obligation of a marriage . 
  usually we are still talking about something close to a marriage . 
  nowadays is mostly used to give gay people the possibility of a marriage without calling it a `` marriage '' , but it is going to be used more and more as a marriage on different terms , for everyone . 
  the italian government has publicily stated that in semptember they will pass a civil union law . 
  because the so called eurocommunist choose a very different path than the soviet communist . 
  they mingled for a while during the ' 50 , then they started to grew apart . 
  they never fully differentiate , but the whole ` eurocomminism ' thing was born as a way to differentiate themselves from the soviets . 
  communists parties were born way before the soviets took power in russia , sometime people seems to believe that they stemmed from them , but tey existed with their own political view way before . 
  in west europe communists parties are historically part of the progressive block , it is absolutely normal for them to side with greens and sociale democrats . 
  now , the fact that die linke supports putin is something new to me , and i am very surprised . 
  as far ad i know they are the only relevant communist or communist-alike party in europe to support him . 
  i mean , small , irrelevant fringe party ? 
  yes , several of them . 
  but big relevant party ... 
  it is a surprise for me as well . 
  you are talking about a different kind of influence . 
  borrowed words and neologism are a different thing than influencing the language itslef . 
  in the way of meaning of the original question , greek only had an indirect influence on romance languages , by having an influece on latin . 
  romance languages are a local evolution of latin , and only latin . 
  100 % latin speaking about grammar and a * very * limited afflux of lexicon from local languages . 
  the only part were local languages had a relevant part was in the phonetical evolution of the words . 
  but you have to take into account even pre-roman languages , not just the barbaric ones . 
  yeah , more like 6 % of them . 
  nice try salvini . 
  so was germany . 
  a bunch of states that wanted to kill each others . 
  and so were a lot of nations . 
  every single nation in this world was at some point in history a bunch of smaller nations , until one of them annexed all the others . 
  as is for english , italians dialect are `` type-casted '' too . 
  sicilian is associated to the whole mafia thing . 
  are you filming a movie and want to hint that a guy is shady and probably associated with a criminal organization ? 
  go for sicilian ( or neapolitan ) . 
  as another used said , speaking dialect in any non very informal situation is considered rude in most of italy . 
  there are some exception , like naples and venice , but we are still talking about informal situation . 
  if you speak a dialect in a formal situation you 'll sound as a redneck everywhere in italy . 
  do you have you any source ? 
  first time i heard it . 
  `` majority '' is a big claim , germanic population was n't so big to overturn the local gaul-latin population . 
  uhmm since the autonomous movement is quite strong in south tyrol i 'm inclined to think that you were in a ladin valley . 
  i mean , it still sounds strange to me , but at least i can see a ladin guy telling to you that he is not austrian . 
  but for other parts of south tyrol ... eh , they have still a pretty strong `` austrian '' mentality . 
  most of them have abandoned the whole `` occupied territory '' long ago and are quite happy with their semi-autonomous region , but independentism / `` we are austrians '' is still a thing . 
  i do n't know if proper latin population were a minority or not ( there were a big immigration `` sponsored '' by the senate to colonize the area , but this is n't my area of expertise ) , but the point is that you do n't need to look for proper `` pure-blood '' latin population . 
  once the region was definetly pacified , around the end of the second punic war , the area got fully romanized . 
   mostly celts and germans, 
  germans tribe was n't present in the area until the barbaric invasions . 
  sorry , not to be a nitpicker , it 's just that i 've seen the gauls being mixed with the germanic tribes a lot !, 
  they actually were closer to the latins than most people tought , they even spoke a language that sounded way closer to latin than to `` germanic '' languages !, 
  a couple of months ago i asked one of my friend at the univerity to give to a teacher a sheet that he needed to sign , since i was going to be absent the next day .
