  and if you plan to book everything in adavance , just cut a couple of city in order to have at least 3 full days on each one . 
  the most common `` rookie error '' in a travel is packing a lot of stuff on your list . 
  it 's a vacation , you have to slow down and relax . 
  edit : yes , booking a flight from barcellona to rome is probably the best way . 
  ( remember that rome has two airports ! ), 
  check the website of vueling , ryanair and easyjet . 
  they are lowcost company that i 'm sure operates on that ruote , you can book a flight barcelona-rome for way less than 100 $ if you book well in advance , luggage included . 
  a little tip about vueling : sometime you can score a better price if you book through iberia , their parent company . 
  check it !, 
  use * always * kayak or skyscanner to check the price , and then go to the airplane company 's website directly . 
  you will probably end with one of those 3 company , but you could find that another company sell seats for the same flight at a better price . 
  he made a joke about him , not asked for his removal from office . 
  `` ass communication '' should have ben worse . 
  as far as i know yes , you can take whatever train you like . 
  just remember that for some trains you still need to have a reservation . 
  disclaimer : i have never used an eurail pass , i 'm just reading some websites . 
  til that jared leto is in rome right now . 
  btw what crazy electronic music event was this ? 
  i live in rome , it may be worth a check , even in the `` jared leto-free '' version . 
  they are pratically silent in a busy city street . 
  or in any street if someone is using heavy tools or a group or kids are shouting or whatever . 
  if you are crossing the street and someone in an electric car is speeding , you will not hear him . 
  you will see him , yes , when he is too fucking close to you . 
  in several city here in europe the city centre was built when cars did n't exist , so some lesser streets are very narrow and you * do * have to rely on sound to know that a car is coming and you should stay as close to the wall as possibile . 
  and then yes , there are blind people too . 
  i live in rome . 
  i have obviously heard a lot of electric car in europe , thank you . 
  for some reasons taxy driver seems to love them . 
  maybe they get some bonus for the city centre , i do n't know . 
  a ) streets are noisy in a city . 
  they will easily cover up every tiny noise if the car is n't right behind you . 
  b ) who talked about cobblestone ? 
  you do realize that several street are not cobblestone in a city , even in the city centre ? 
  c ) a lot of the noise come from the tires ? 
  i do n't know how much of it come from the tires , but the engine do a well audible noise . 
  just stay next to a car when is turned on but still not moving . 
  d ) a car goig at 30 km/h as is common in narrow street is rather silent even if it is a regular oil car . 
  and being hit by a car at 30 km/h is still pretty dangerous . 
  to make things clear : yes , electric cars are not completely silent . 
  but a regular noisy busy street is more than enough to make them basically inaudible . 
  oh , and we forgot people with hearing problems . 
  of course they do not rely solely on it . 
  but is a big part . 
  if you are going to cross the street and you hear what seems like a car approaching you stop . 
  i live in rome . 
  i went inside the colosseum just once , on a school trip . 
  i do n't have any plan to visit it in the foreseeable future . 
  basically every other roman that i know do the same . 
  i heard that parisians do the same with louvre . 
  they are just there for us , part of the routine . 
  what 's so strage about that ? 
  did n't they reached the top in november 2013 ? 
  why should you sell them before the summer ? 
  aso , if you could start at the very moment bt was released go for mining . 
  thousands of bt for the price of the electrical bill . 
  `` so , you are 14 now , next settember you will begin high school . 
  here a few tips :, 
  1 you had a kinda shitty preparation in math . 
  pay extra attention in class and study harder at home . 
  you are starting with a disavantage . 
  2 ) do not go straigth to home when the lesson is over . 
  hang out with the guys as much as you can , it will make thing easier . 
  3 ) learn the fucking basic of every subject . 
  i know it sucks , but everything will be much , much easier if you know very well the basics . 
  4 ) stay at home the weekend before your first week-long trip with the school , or you will get sick and have to miss it . 
  they are extremely funny , trust me . 
  5 ) falling in love with girls in your own class is a bad idea . 
  trust me . 
  6 ) there are girls in that school that can have an interest in you . 
  go to every party or concert or social event that interest you at least a bit and involves people of your age . 
  7 ) do a sport , or do some exercise . 
  8 ) this is a good time to learn to play a guitar ( or a piano , if you feels so ) '', 
  most people in europe consider very rude to be presented the bill before they asked it . 
  it 's really a big no-no . 
  if the place is somewhat fancy that is enough to make most people think twice before returning there . 
  being the cradle of western civilization . 
  ( yeah , we heard you * athens * . 
  you are just not as cool as us , sorry pal . ), 
  medical student here , male . 
  very first time shadowing , very first patient . 
  a dude with had a cyst on the shaft of his penis and it had to be removed . 
  so i was there watching a cyst on a dude 's penis and then watching the whole procedure of removing it . 
  yes , it involved needles and a lancet . 
  and electricity . 
  an electrified lancet , to be precise . 
  ( yes , you usually can do this stuff in out-patients department , no surgery room needed . ), 
  except that they are dealing in hard drugs , prostitution ( the slave kind ) , usury and general corruption of people like the construction workers that are building your house or the politician that is deciding where to dump toxic wastes . 
  i 'll take petty criminals , thanks . 
  ( i 'll take a better working police force , good laws and a reduced wealth inequality in order to remove criminality , actually . ), 
  not really in the off season as much as months in advance . 
  yes , of course booking for august will cost you more than booking for november , but the real thing that will drive price up is how much in advance you are booking . 
  you know , nobody in italy consider the bracelet and the rose guy as a scam . 
  really . 
  everybody knows that they are selling it . 
  it just very , very strange to hear that tourists think that they are giving away free stuff . 
  they are considered basically beggars , especialy the bracelet guys . 
  really , i know that this seems patronizing , but absolutely no one here think about them as scammers . 
  the baby one apparently happened only in internet story ... 
  i 'm not saying that it never happened , i 'm saying that it is probably a one time issue . 
  i mean , come on if there were a gang of people regularly trhowing * fucking fake baby * in a crowded tourist area everybody should know it .
