  if parent 's to do not comply the school must inform the social service . 
  i do n't know about fines and jail time , but losing the custody of the children is definetely a possibility . 
  printers . 
  my printer fail to print at exactly the same rate as my first printer in 1999 . 
  i want to fight it in court . 
  he will lose in court . 
  unless the law has some major fuck up in how it was written , there is no way it can be overulled by a regional assembly . 
  italy does n't have a federal government , there is the government and then regional assembly . 
  we are not neither a federation nor a confederation . 
  sicily has special autonomous powers , but as far as i know those powers have nothing to do with school . 
  just a question for the guys saying that they eat beta alanine and other supplement ... 
  you do this because is easier than eating , or because you need that for the level you already reached ? 
  i mean , this is something that you need to go the extra step , or just because is easier ? 
  how could a bow cost 50k ? 
  what makes them so special ? 
  this . 
  a 100 $ acoustic guitar is for beginners , sure , but is a good guitar for beginners . 
  guitars are cheap nowadays , they are in a different market than the rest of the inatruments . 
  for beginners i do n't think so . 
  the yamaha f310 has very good reviews everywhere and you can buy it for about 100 . 
  do n't take this as medical advice , but i do n't think that one single esposition to asbestos , even if massive , it is enough to develop lung cancer . 
  but ask the opinion of a doctor . 
  they are way cuter than i expected while swimming in that tank . 
  gameplay side , yes . 
  story side , not so much . 
  yep . 
  if they are just writing how depressed they feel on fb or tumblr , who cares ? 
  say to them to ask help from a doctor , and they will tell that is fake . 
  if they are obsessively seeking attention saying how depressed they are , they may have another mental illness going on . 
  not depression , but something that needs help . 
  i know that the reply will be stupid ... 
  but how exactly he managed to go to the moon ? 
  you do realize that you do n't need a standard system of measurement if you are on your own ? 
  and that the definition of meter was used to build the tools , not to be used by people ? 
  not for drugs . 
  and then get arrested for money laundering when you ca n't explain where the hell you bought all the stuff you are using . 
  if it is a perfect copy it would have the same serial number . 
  it is suspicious . 
  the main reason why state developed was for protection from outsiders to the village . 
  they would have be peasant worked to death and treated like shit in any case , but at least now they could sleep at night without worrying to be attacked by giys with pointy things . 
  whe are absolutely nowhere near over population : the earth is perfectly able to substain an handful more billions of us . 
  our problem is distribution , not production . 
  i do n't think that they are actually the under 18 team . 
  facial hairs add years to you , and the fact that they are dressed as you are used to see old people dress tricks your brain but they still looks wayyyy to old for being not yet 18 . 
  i honestly have an hard time believing that . 
  there is a limit on how much work conditions , hairs and dress can makes you look older . 
  those men looks like they are in their 40 . 
  i do n't think they are really teenager . 
  and why there is a soldier with them , who looks about the same age ? 
  there is something wrong in that picture . 
  somewhat related to this , i am from italy and for old women , especially in the south , `` you have taken some kg ! '', 
  is definetely a compliment . 
  you know , they associate being a bit chubby with being well fed . 
  this goes as well as you immagine everytime a 80 years old granny from calabria says jollifully to a 25 years old from milan that `` you really got some meat there !, 
  all the backgrounds in all the psx ff were pre rendered . 
  backgrounds were in 3d only during battle and in the world maps . 
  not this shit again . 
  italy is a net contributor in the eu . 
  we never received any money , nor we need it . 
  we payed for giving money to other countries . 
  i just realized that this is must be how a loose acquaintance of mine was posting about `` his line of clothing '' on fb some years ago . 
  he was a somewhat artistic guy , but higly delusional on his ability , so at the time i supposed that someone at some small clothing company liked some of his drawings and made shirts out of them ... 
  but this is waaaay more probable . 
  but if people take slim shady as a model , this is still a problem . 
  marshall can be pal with elton , but if the people who listen to his song believe in eminem , then we have a problem . 
  sorry , not american . 
  chalked ? 
  they are bitter about it . 
  like , really bitter . 
  they may go to prostitute , i honestly do n't know , but then they would still rage thinking about women . 
  wow, 
  well , i mean , they are human too . 
  if some of them are able and willing to perform even while in pain , it does n't mean that all of them have to . 
  you would be pissed if your boss objected to you taking a day off while sick , no ? 
  `` exhaustion '' is a way to say that the artist has a problem that they do n't want to talk at the moment . 
  they have contracts , so it 's not like they could get away with exhaustion without a serious problem going on . 
  their manager would eat them alive . 
  i did n't realize how cheap 4k tvs already are . 
  my aunt old tv 's broke down , so we bought her a new one ... with 450 euro we were able to buy a 43 '' samsung 4k that looks very good . 
  just yesterday i tried testing it a bit and the image is crisp , the colors seems pretty good and the blacks are good . 
  i 'm not 100 % ok with the upscaling , but this is a minor thing . 
  it 's really a good quality tv , i would have expected some half-assed tv for a 43 '' at that price ... 
  well because they both are just `` death '' . 
  other depictions of death has it as the one who actually kill you . 
  gaiman 's death and pratchet 's death came basically to collect your `` soul '' , when you already died . 
  they have no part in whatever bad things caused your dead . 
  ( yes , i know that pratchet 's death is a bit more active than that ), 
  no it 's just that an sd signal looks definetely worse than how they looks on my home tv . 
  there is no ghosting or overscan ( i already corrected the overscan ) , it 's just that they looks worse than what i am used . 
  my home tv is not a 4k , but has the same dimension . 
  it is n't trying to upscale everything to 4k , right ? 
  to be honest , for usa politics a center-right european party still looks like a liberal party . 
  but i agree with you that taking merkel for a leftist is plain ridicolous . 
  true . 
  yep , that 's him . 
  prattchet 's death is very recognizable because it speaks in all caps . 
  well is n't really caps , but i ca n't remember the name and you got the idea . 
  since plays and philosophical text tends to be way harder to translate , in latin class you end up translating mostly pages from historians . 
  so you literally have to know about roman history to translate . 
  nowaday he just send the mayor a message on whatsapp .
