  there is a much easier explanation : we are still just starting to go out the phase where the ones writing on a platform like reddit or tumblr are the `` nerds '' , in the worst sense of the term . 
  there is an huge selection bias at works here . 
  why i strongly resent my parents . 
  apparently people can accept that your parents were bad only if they used violence or were alcholists . 
  years and years of fear , abusive psycological stuff and humiliations do not count . 
  not a bit . 
  well , they fucking count . 
  * a lot . 
  so you are telling me that ussualy you guys that do not use a bidet regulary have problems having a squeaky clean asshole ? 
  you do n't know him since he is famous only in italy , but there is this guy , gianni morandi , who was absolutely huge during the 60 and early 70 , so much that he is still a sort of legend for italian pop songs ... 
  * but * in the last decades his image was basically that of the old guy with zero appeal to anyone under 50 years , and the worst thing is that someone started a nasty rumour that he was coprophagus ... i.e. 
  that he litterally eats shit . 
  jokes about `` morandi the shit 's eater '' were very common among young people . 
  then about 6 months ago he started to reply personally at the comment on his facebook page . 
  and he replied to a lot of people , not just once in a while to a lucky one . 
  and everyone of them was a calm and reassicuring reply . 
  this thing * exploded * and now he is loved especially by young people . 
  there is so much people interacting with him on fb in a daily basis that i honestly have some doubt that he has n't at least one social media manager to write on his behalf , but still is impressive how he turned from being the guy who eats shit to litterally the most loved man on fb for italians . 
  absolutely not . 
  there would be some very serious health problem for that to happen . 
  during ovulation the body of a woman is basically at the peak of a process of preparing itself to host a foreign body . 
  some study actually suggested that maybe the whole `` vomiting '' and morning sickness is a psicological thing . 
  this is just an ipothesis for now , of course . 
  to be honest , that kind of haircut is getting so popular here that is quickly gaining the `` acceptable '' for everyone status . 
  i guess it depends on what is your age . 
  if i am 60 years old , having an extra 50 years would means that 99 % i 'm extending my normal life expectancy . 
  i would live more , and i would also live more with the people that i love . 
  if my partner was supposed to outlive me , then that would have happened either way . 
  if i was supposed to outlive him/her , now i have more years to live with my partner . 
  the same goes for every significant person in your life . 
  obviously there are some downside : you will have to re experience the death of some people , and there is the risk something important in your previous life happened by chance and thus is hard to reproduce . 
  well , you are thinking about major change in your life . 
  something that completely change the tracks in your life ... 
  but that is hard to achieve , especially when you are a kid . 
  i mean , i would change a lot of thing in my life , but my personality is already setted so i would not change drastically the circle of my friends , i would not change my high school nor my college ... 
  even if the details will change i will still know who is going to be an asshole , who is going to be an important person , what thing i am going to like ... 
  i can give you a plausibile explanation . 
  obviously i do n't know if this is true in this case , but there is an explanation for this behaviour . 
  basically the point is that some people have lived so long with someone who acted as a giant asshole to them that when they find someone who is slightly less of an asshole they wo n't notice the problem . 
  so yes , the guy is physically and emotionally abusive , but maybe he is a little less phisically and emotionally abusive than her parents , or her previous partner . 
  this is a common reaction , and while it may not be the case here , it is something that happens . 
  you are simply not able to fully know how thing are supposed to works between two humans being . 
  when i was a kid , about 10 years old , i was waiting for my parents outside of a shop on the square of a little town we were visiting . 
  out of nowhere an apparently nice woman approached me and asked me to kindly `` go around the building '' . 
  since i was a kid for some reason i said ok and started going around the building , but after a few steps i realized that a ) behind the building there was just a sort of alley with no one in b ) she gave me no reasons to do that, 
  so i turned back and the woman was n't there anymore . 
  in a matter of seconds , she was n't anymore in the square . 
  i honestly hope that this was all a dream i had or something like that , because if it really happened it is very creepy . 
  what if i had not turned back ? 
  was she just the local crazy person ? 
  maybe she wanted me to simply go away from that spot for some reason ? 
  or maybe there was someone waiting for me at the end of that alley ? 
  wait , it 's not very clear but it seems that you are talking about vdsl when you talk about a `` mix-match '' . 
  that is absolutely not a shitty solution , is absolutely the solution with the best cost/benefit ratio . 
  especially if what you call '' fiber to the node '' means fiber up to the basement of the building . 
  with vdsl you can easily reach 100mb , and this is a technology with a lot of improvement still to be done . 
  time for a fun story . 
  almost a year ago i was with a group of friends , and there was this new girl with us who always looked a bit uptight . 
  so i tried to avoid dirty joke and all the `` nasty '' stuff . 
  but i had to tell a story involving , well , the male semen , and i was trying my best to avoid using certain words , apparently making the sentence hard to understand , because out of the blue this girl start to smile and shout `` oh !, 
  you mean the cum !, 
  it 's `` gruppo del sella '' and `` marmolada '' . 
  do you remember the name of that essay ? 
  mmm , no , a good dubbing it 's about using a translation that is good and respect the original syllabation as much as possible . 
  if an actor is saying a 4 syllable word , you try to fit another 4 syllable word in your own language . 
  since you can vary the structure of a sentence this is n't as hard as it sounds . 
  ( i mean , if the originale sentence is `` tomorrow we are going to the sea '' you can change it in `` we are going to the sea tomorrow '' ), 
  the family language is n't that much important . 
  then obviously you have to have good actors to play the lines . 
  usually we can always figure out what a text is about . 
  every italian man or woman can tell you that a latin text is about a general returning victorious to rome , or cicero lamenting the corruption of morals , or whatever . 
  but that 's all we can figure out without proper study of latin . 
  maybe some sentences here and there if you got lucky . 
  am i the only one who has an irrational fear for looking at the lift shaft ? 
  lifts with a windows in the door in them already makes me a bit uncofortable , something like this would probably makes me really unconfortable . 
  nah , he just needed an immediately recognizible name to do the joke . 
  but actually barbara is a common italian name ... 
  it 's slightly falling out of fashion , but it 's a 100 % italian name . 
  what is true is that , and the people you met were probably fascinated by that , the way you guys pronunce it sounds very strange and funny . 
  you pronounce it like `` barbra '' , while we do pronuonce the second `` a '' . 
  they are losing money on * this * ticket , your last sentence is the key . 
  but now they can advertise everywhere that you can fly from manchester to dublin for under 10 pounds , and you just opened a thread on reddit , where thousanda of people will read about it . 
  also , they hope to charge you with extra fee . 
  and to be even more pedantic , nocebo actually means `` i will harm '' , and placebo means '' i will please '' . 
  in latin a - bo ending ( but ** not ** exclusively a - bo ending ) in a verb means that 's the action is set in the future . 
  ( for the first person singular . 
  if it 's in the indicatif mode . 
  for the `` simple '' version of the future . 
  yeah , latin and neo-romance language are complicated ), 
  a group of people have to be recognizable by a set of characteristic to be called a group . 
  if this group already exists this means that it also already exists a basic set of characteristics . 
  if i refuse all , or most part of those characteristic i can not claim to be part of that group . 
  the no true scotsman fallacy apply to people who share at least most of those basic characteristic . 
  you were born in edinburgh , you were raised there , you are a scotsman . 
  it does n't matter that you hate kilts and bagpipes and use a fake british accent . 
  - you go to `` church '' , pray and you read the sacred scripture . 
  you are a follower of that religion . 
  it does n't matter that you adhere to a more literal interpretation of the scripture . 
  gantz , a manga , was something like this . 
  basically there were a lot of characters who are forced to fight against monsters/alien , but everyone of them could die at any moment .
