  the catholic church was never opposed to the theory of evolution . 
  in the very beginning they held a `` meh , we 'll see about this fad '' attitude , and some of it 's member and believers did have opposed it , but as an official position they never opposed it . 
  the first official position of the church regarding evolution was from the enciclica `` humani generis '' by pope pius xii and it basically said `` well , it 's not what we root for , but it 's ok '' . 
  there is simply no `` evolution question '' for catholics , or in catholic countries . 
  catholic schools run by nuns and priest just teach evolution with no reference to creationism , usually . 
  it 's simply not an issue . 
  ( then yes , the crazy fringe may exist , sure ), 
  lamarck and mendel were a priest and a monk , and they contributed to the formation of the theory of evolution with their own study . 
  chatolic priests and monks usually meddled a lot with science , and they still do , despise what the stereotype says . 
  for the church it 's perfectly ok to just say that god was the one who set the universe in a way that permitted the evolution from big-bang to nowaday , and that 's it . 
  the rest can absolutely happen in any way it fancies . 
  i know that some people do not like this view , they say that it is still a compromise . 
  and i agree , but what exactly can we expect ? 
  that a religious doctrine just say `` you know what guys ? 
  on second thought , god does n't have anything to do with this whole ` life ' thing '' . 
  it 's obvious that they need this to maintain their faith , but that they are perfectly ok with evolution . 
  this is a quote from the first vatican council '' * the same holy mother church holds and teaches that god , the source and end of all things , can be known with certainty from the consideration of created things , by the natural power of human reason : ever since the creation of the world , his invisible nature has been clearly perceived in the things that have been made * '', 
  this is pretty important stuff , because it says that you absolutely can study the world and that since god created the world , what you see in it is what god wanted . 
  this means that you ca n't really do a scientific discovery which is `` against god '' , because you did that examinating the world , and the world was created by god , thus what you discovered is by deafult something that god wanted . 
  ( you ** can ** do something that will be opposed by the church . 
  but the point here is that they will oppose you for what you do * with * your discovery ), 
  i hope that this long post may help you . 
  i 'm noticing that a lot of people seems to think tha the catholic church it 's like one of the many protestant church of the us but with funny hats , wich is kind of a bummer , even if i 'm not a catholic anymore . 
  and so you are in the cases when this would n't be clear , as i said . 
  did you checked that with a gyno ? 
  it does n't seems like something that should happen , and to me it seems very prone to infection ... 
  i think that they openly accepted it since the enciclica `` generi humani '' by pope pius xii . 
  i 'm using accpeted as in `` yep , it exists and we are cool with it '' . 
  maybe in the vatica ii they actually embraced it , as you said ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  that 's a really shitty dubbing , that stuff is n't normal . 
  where do you live ? 
  fun fact : the square in rome where bruno was burned , which has a statue of him in the middle , is the gathering spot for young americans to get drunk in rome . 
  i know that this will sounds like me bragging , but this is true and bragging is what this thread is all about . 
  a couple of weeks ago i managed to give multiple orgasms to my girlfriend . 
  3 in a row , all in short succession to be precise . 
  man , she could n't believe it . 
  i ca n't forget how she watched at me afterwards . 
  ehi doc , medical student here . 
  is n't always preferable to * not * do ga if possibile , since it is riskier ? 
  i mean , adding to what you said about removing the tooth one at time to be better for healing . 
  a properly set password with a strong encryption alghoritm ( they are freely available , you probably already used one of it without knowing it ) it 's not breackable . 
  you have to learn the password from somebody somehow , or wait and hope that in 30-40 years pc will be powerful enough to actually crack the encryption in a reasonable time . 
  yes , i 'm accounting for moore 's law here . 
  the problem here is `` were strong encryption system availabe back in 1990 ? 
  and did he use one of them ? 
  they probably have n't really tried , but if a strong encryption system existed back in 1990 and he was able to properly set up a password , there is n't much that anybody can do . 
  sure , those are big `` if '' . 
  while i do agree ( i live in italy , * everyone * speaks some degree of non-standard dialect here unless it 's a formal situation ) , you still do have to be able to know when to use a non-standard dialect and when you should use the standard language . 
  not being able to know that will not make you stupid , but it will make people question your level of education . 
  well , that 's a different thing . 
  i was talking about speaking in a non-standard dialect . 
  your accent is a different thing , and i agree that you should n't change it if you do n't feel like it . 
  ( and you are fine to be instantly perceived as a `` non-local '' ), 
  i guess that you should still learn to use some local dialect . 
  why should be the reason behind this ? 
  mmm , i do not know if this is something like a nice side effect , but the firtst reason to have a coating is to let the actual drug pass further on your digestive system before it starts to react . 
  or to avoid that stomach 's acid break it down . 
  mmm , no , that 's just half true . 
  blocking the transformation of testoreone in dht * do * block male pattern baldness , but for reason that we still do n't know it does n't happen all the time . 
  i do n't mean like `` a few guys get the short stick '' , it 's happens to several people . 
  then there are the side effect , which can be not-trivial thing . 
  some people , few , develop impotency . 
  it 's seems that it is n't a for-life impotency , as people feared it was , but still ... 
  suppresing dht production will not make your boobs grow on its own , but it 's a bad idea if you have ginecomastia , even a tiny bit . 
  yeah , i spelled like that , but the autocorrector changed it since it 's not set in english . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the data are publicly availlable , you can check . 
  there is no `` secret recipe '' for a drug , every ingradient and its quantity is openly stated . 
  that 's simply not how this works . 
  the closest thing to what you are saying is the prescription of antibiotics , bit that 's still a different story . 
  you do not prescrive an antibiotic with less active ingradient , you try to do not prescribe it in the first place . 
  the burden of proof is on the one who say that `` x '' happen . 
  in our case , you . 
  but i do have provided proof , though . 
  every ingradient of a drug and it 's quantity is openly written on the box/sheet inside ( depends on the country ) , the veridicity of those information are guaranteed by an agency , in the us case , the fda . 
  you can check , how am i supposed to know what * you * consider a `` first diagnosis medicine '' drug and what not ? 
  that 's why i 'm telling you to check for yourself . 
  we do use a different level of active ingradient based on the severity of the illness we have to treat ( balancing for things like age and previous health condition , of course ) . 
  veridicity * is * a word , but it 's pretty technical and obscure in english , i did n't know that . 
  my bad . 
  ingradient is just a typo . 
  do you have any real objection ? 
  pointing out that english is not my first language is n't an objection . 
  this is true for mutations that affect the reproduction , by messing with your fertility or by giving you problems before the reproductive age . 
  if your mutation gives you an heart defect that will kill you in your 30 , you still have a lot of time to pass the faulty gene . 
  ok , i have to ask it . 
  why ? 
  i tried giolitti , it 's good gelato , but nothing exceptional ... and it 's cost 50 eurocent more than the average . 
  i get that a tourist does n't know where else to go , but i still do n't get why giolitti is considerd an `` omg '' gelato among tourists . 
  do n't forget the law system . 
  civil law is strongly rooted in roman law . 
  it 's beacuse you have to `` manually overide '' the hearth . 
  the hearth is incapable o beating correctly right now , but you can squeeze it using compression and you will have the blood flowing . 
  well , if a doc or a nurse does n't know that you ca n't use a defibrilator right on in flatline situation i would have to have a long talk with him afterward . 
  it depends . 
  if you cover just the eyes , it will not disguise anyone . 
  the person will still be identificable . 
  maybe it will be a little more difficult , but that 's it . 
  if you cover a larger area , you are covering the area where humans take most of their cues for recognizing someone .
