  honestly if you are doing enough money to justify calling it a business and you do not form a company you are just asking for trouble . 
  that is business 101 . 
  my grandmother lost her mother in wwii when she was about 15 under an usa bombing of tivoli , a town near rome . 
  according to my mother she needed a couple of decades to having a 100 % ok vision of the usa . 
  i 've following crypto since 2 month , so i 'm really a noob ... but the community is pretty toxic . 
  every coin has people calling it `` shit coin '' . 
  every . 
  there is not a single one that i have n't seen called that in this 2 months . 
  and do n't get me started on the use of `` scam '' that the community does . 
  in short , the crypto community is full of trolls . 
  and in celsius 40 is very hot outside . 
  the point of celsius is that 0 is not an arbitrary value , but a phisical one . 
  you have a starting point that makes sense . 
  for human experience you could have a scale that goes in steps of five and it would be still ok . everything else is just being used to it . 
  they are not backed by science . 
  at all . 
  they are confusing biological sex and gender . 
  yes , but you have to stick your ethernet cable up the first bear 's asshole . 
  and he is in your home . 
  well , to be honest why should i wake up earlier because you fucked up ? 
  i mean , i am from italy so public transport running late is a common occurence , but still i wo n't change my schedule if one day the bus is running particularly late . 
  vaginismus . 
  it 's a medical condition where the muscles in your vagina contracts involutarly when you have sex , making having sex very difficult or impossible . 
  it 's a psicological problem in the vast majority of cases , so a dilatator can help to make the woman feel comfortable with having something inside her vagina . 
  it 's totaly involuntary , the woman can be absolutely turned on and wet like the rain forest , but still unable to relax her vaginal muscle . 
  city subreddit are problematic for every city . 
  do n't know why . 
  a year ago a friend ( not particularly close ) of mine killed herself . 
  i was of course sad , and cried a little when they told me , but that was it . 
  after more than a month i arrived late to an event that she was supposed to go and that she liked a lot , she talked to me a lot about how she wanted to go there . 
  i thought about how she would have get angry about me arriving late , and i suddenly felt so guilty about it that i literally fainted . 
  it makes no sense , but i fainted thinking about her , like me arriving late was somehow disrepecting her . 
  grieving is ... 
  complicated , and personal . 
  my grandfather had an affair . 
  apparently the whole family knew about it ( no sure when they discovered it ) except for my grandmother . 
  the other woman apparently was the daughter of the then-nobility that owned the land where his father , my grand-grand father , worked as `` head farmer '' . 
  well , to be honest the first one is pretty good . 
  trump is legitimate . 
  he is a fucking joke , but is totally legittimate . 
  really ? 
  swiss-italians says that ? 
  you know , editing the comic of someone else in a way that makes hard to distinguish the edit from the original is a very shitty thing to do . 
  if you want to spread an idea use your own tools , do not piggyback on someone 's else fame . 
  you can not waive your rights , no matter what . 
  to be honest , if this was dark souls that sadle would have been the saddle used by an ancient god when he died in an epic battle by being shot down by his best friend . 
  and that saddle would be the only place when this is cited in the entire game . 
  by this meter i do n't think that you guys had a legitimate president since a very long time . 
  in democracy counts who voted , not who did n't . 
  apparently the penis and testicles are one of the first things to grow when a boy enters puberty , so for the first months you will have a penis which is disproportianate to your body and thus looks huge . 
  monsieur malaussene ? 
  * but * if you want to talk about several generic people , you use `` tizio , caio and sempronio '' , which are not italian names , but romans name . 
  `` tizio '' in italian is literally used for `` generic guy '' . 
  like `` i saw a strange guy on the bus '' would be `` i saw a strange tizio on the bus '' . 
  they looks like pine processonaries . 
  relatively common in the mediterranean area , and the hair on their body sting a lot . 
  do n't touch them . 
  i ca n't find the video , but i remember one a thief trued to snatch the purse of a woman , except that woman was a very muscolar man that was dressed like a woman for a party . 
  it ended exactly how you imagine . 
  12 $ for 5 liters means that is very cheap wine , sure , but is not horrible . 
  but i live in italy , so maybe here the wine is just cheaper ... 
  thats sound familiar to any latin country actually . 
  but probably is not that codified like you guys have it . 
  ( and it does not apply to paying ), 
  refusing something some time before accepting it is not uncommon . 
  oh , ok , i just googled and frazia looks like our tavernello . 
  horrible wine . 
  you are right , a 5 liter box of tavernello here costs a bit less than 8 $ . 
  oh , hi mom !, 
  this is 100 % that . 
  driver license ? 
  in italy it is a totally valid id . 
  of course it has yo be an italian driver license . 
  eh , it sounded a strange mix of italian and german accent to me , but it was still better than the average accent they do in the usa . 
  i am 99 % sure that that is tivoli . 
  if you take the train from rome to tivoli you pass from the same spot . 
  obviously the landscape now is different , but not very much . 
  probably the biggest difference is that there are a few less waterfall there now , and more buildings ( but most of them were build a bit after that picture ), 
  there is no legal way for this to be true . 
  this is absolutely a one sided story and there is much more there . 
  you need a legal reason to intervene , and here there is n't one . 
  what was your plain to sell it ? 
  a woman who hit you would totally face penalty . 
  link me where a law makes an exemption for women . 
  source : am italian, 
  i agree , but they are literally kids . 
  it perfectly possible for them to get out of that phase if they are not left alone . 
  but if that picture come to hunt them they could be forced to remain with the bad company . 
  that 's actually a clever way to advertise . 
  i remember an ong here in italy that made a grindr profile to advertise safe sex . 
  what show is this ? 
  this is actually quite good . 
  except for the voice of the girl . 
  too much useless screaming , even for japan 's standard . 
  superman !? 
  are you going there for study/work ? 
  otherwise , for as much as i love florence , 24 days is waaaaay too much . 
  explore the tuscan countryside and the near cities !, 
  i suggest you siena , monteriggioni , arezzo and of course pisa . 
  the foto was taken from piazzale michelangelo .
