  a more correct rappresentation would be to say that a part of your mind is `` dedicated '' to other people , and everybody who is not a partner or close family is in that `` space '' . 
  in my opinion this convey much butter the idea that nobody is going to think about what you did all the time , but that you still will occupy a part of their mind . 
  does anybody knows one of this party hostel in london ? 
  i do n't want anything too crazy , really , i 'm not a party animal , but i would really like to stay in a place where socialization is encouraged !, 
  was that in highscool or before ? 
  because i really ca n't understand why americans find strange uncircumcised penis ... 
  i get that they are not common there , but so are circumcised penis here , still it 's never a topic of discussion if turns out that someone is circumcised ... 
  it 's not exactly what op is asking , but it really annoys me when they use actor that are clearly 30-ish to play a teenager . 
  i get it , using actual teenager is hard , becauste there are ( rightfully ! ), 
  laws that restrict their time on the set , also teenagers can lack the experiences of a full grown actor , and may grow up too fast ... 
  but for fuck 's sake , ca n't you hire a 20-ish guy ? 
  i 'm sure that is full of them in drama schools , just waiting to be hired . 
  no , it * has * to be someone who is clearly approaching , or have passed , the 30 . 
  while i ca n't really say that i mastered how to talk with new people , i have noticed that it gets * really * easier if you just start to talk with them of everything you like to talk about . 
  you do n't have to think that you have to do a good impression , or that you have to absolutely say something funny or clever . 
  obviously you should n't talk with no filter ( do not talk of that time that your mobile almost fell in the toilet , always pay attention at the context of the situation you are in ) , but you should take out of your mind that you have to do an impression . 
  just talk of something that you feel is a good topic to * you * . 
  do n't think of what would be a good topic for the * others * . 
  this way you will be confindent and relaxed , because you talking about something in which you * actually are * confident . 
  esa , not nasa . 
  what ? 
  you can absolutely ask any woman about her cycle if there is a reason , what are you talking about ? 
  could trigger what ? 
  menstruation is the shedding of the inner wall of the uterus which has grown thicker to accomodate the fertilized egg . 
  if there is no grown inner lining to shed , there will not be any flow . 
  it can not be triggered because there is n't anything to be triggered . 
  also , astronauts undergo g-force tests before the actual launch . 
  we already knew how blood clotting works in space . 
  i mean , how the number of tampons could have helped her if something somehow actually went wrong ? 
  if that was the case , they should have worried about other things than the number of tampons . . 
  actually we were pretty sure that it was safe , according to orbital calculation . 
  once you have set a stable orbit there is not really much that can go wrong , provided that you are not hit by something . 
  ( and being hit by something big enough to knock you off your orbit is something very , very rare ), 
  my point is : as we did calculation to say that an orbit around the moon was safe , we knew enough about biology to know what would happen to an uterus . 
  as i said , it 's not like the uterus inner layer could grow 100x faster just because you are in space . 
  and we already knew how gravity affects blood clotting capacity and fluid dynamics . 
  i repeat , if their concern was that something really bad could happen , then packing more tampons is just useless . 
  i hope not . 
  if you google `` party hostel '' you find a lot fo articles about them ... 
  / r/travel sent me here . 
  you do realize that feminism is not a recent thing and was one of the forces behind this `` new norm '' , right ? 
  well , eventually you will . 
  so i guess that you are not wrong . 
  what , it is common to receive anti-depressant without seeing a pysichiatrist there ? 
  ( i assume the usa ), 
  honestly i 'm starting to think that martin exagerated with this whole `` he/she was sooooo ugly '' . 
  it looks kinda cheap , you know ? 
  like black and white . 
  the criminals will go to prison , 100 % sure about that . 
  if you are speeding you are actually threatening anyone else in the road to kill them , you do realize that ? 
  actually greece was in a prety unique situation . 
  all the other countries met the economic requirement to use the euro , while it turned out that greece faked the fulfillement of those requiremnt . 
  also greek economy is by far the weakest economy of those countries . 
  i really did not expected that . 
  i mean , doctor can prescribe whatever drug they feel like , but usually they do n't prescribe anti-depressant unless you already saw a psychiatrist as far as i know ... 
  and you have a 6 month waiting list with an health insurance ? 
  ok , but i was n't talking about the people 's reaction , i was talking about martin 's descriptions of the characters . 
  i have not read the books , but it seems that he use a lot of grotesque descriptions of his characters . 
  businessbears . 
  you know , that is a pretty clear sign of how young a significant part of redditors are . 
  they are still so close to being kids that they do n't see actual kids as that different from them , so they ca n't understand why they ca n't act like they do . 
  for a 15 yo a 13 yo is a child , sure , but they do n't see them as `` child-like '' as a 20 years old see a 13 . 
  even if this whole `` we are so bad '' is pretty mediterranean , it 's about 5 years now that there is a carefully crafted political strategy by some parties to cry wolf at every single thing . 
  the `` movimento 5 stelle '' litterally bases * all * his political program in saying that everything and everyone is shit and scum expect themselves . 
  everytime someone compare actual benchmarks with public perception there is an absurdly vast discrepancies . 
  it 's a very strange coincidence but phonetically japanese and italian are pretty close . 
  obviously there is no link between them , but it 's very interesting that the wowels are basically pronounced in the same way in both languages . 
  usually the pronunciations of wowels changes a lot in different languages . 
  wait , shamu was an actual living being , not just a generic name for an inflatable baloon ? 
  there is actually a ( very good ) sci-fi manga , `` 2001 nights '' which is composed of veeery loosely attached short stories ,, 
  * minor spoiler ahead *, 
  and in one of them there is the story of a successfull human colony in another planet formed by the offsprigns of cryogenically preserved sperms and eggs , raised by robots . 
  they had to be frozen sperm and eggs because the travel was incredibly long . 
  but in a successive story you discover that the planet they were going to was actually inhospitable , and future humans from the earth , now able to do interplanetary travel in reasonable time , just terraformed the planet for them . 
  kinda , but the it turns out that the hero was still right , just taking an harder path . 
  if we are going with the latin pronunciation is a ( as in arm ) e ( as in pet ) ne ( as in net ) a ( as in arm ) . 
  maybe you can pronounce the `` ae '' as a long e , i 'm not sure . 
  well , you may not realize the power of an explosion of the `` right '' stuff . 
  the guy was probably a few blocks away from the factory , and he was sure to be safe . 
  then the fire reached the `` big '' tanks ... 
  here in rome , an apartment of about 100mq , it depends on the neigbourhood . 
  2 beedroom , 1 bathroom , 1 living room and a kitchen . 
  more or less . 
  some months ago ( i do n't remember excatly when , sorry ) the european union passed a law stating that you have to warn your users about the use of coockies . 
  so if the website ( or a part of it ) is based in the eu , you will see the warning . 
  well , we can always understand the topic of a text . 
  even without a specific education in latin , you are able to tell that , let 's say , a text is talking about a war , who are they figthing and where . 
  but that 's it . 
  it totally happens that now and then you find a sentence that is perfectly intellegible even without studying latin , but most of the time you will not be able to understand a sentence . 
  you will get the general meaning , sure , but rarely anything more . 
  ancient greek is way more close to modern greek than latin is to italian . 
  while this is exactly the reason why i like a parlamentary system , there must still be a certain stability in the government . 
  changing 4 pm in just 2 years is too much , and sign that something is not working properly . 
  i reached the one piece !, 
  i am the pirate king now !, 
  wait , yield means that you do n't have to come to a full stop no matter what , but you still must stop if you do not have the right of way and a car is aproaching . 
  but roundabout permit to have less trafficlights , you should like them . 
  i 'm serious , but maybe i misread your comment . 
  oh for fuck 's sake , you target a vaccine to the most exposed group first . 
  this is epidemiology 101 .
