  hornblower : the guard is set, 
  mayor : k, 
  please point me where in the article says this has to do with immigrants . 
  so there is no basis whatsoever , gotcha . 
  no , we do n't . 
  and i repeat , what has this to do with the news ? 
  there is literally no information on that article other than `` something happened '' . 
  what happened ? 
  how many time ? 
  who did it ? 
  we know jack shit . 
  no , once you passed the acute phase and is no more detectable in your blood , is no more dangerous for the foetus . 
  if that would be the case europe would be a wasteland , is estimated that in most european country up to 60 % of the population has it . 
  it boils down to our diet , which apparently is rich of things where the toxoplasma lives . 
  plus i guess that we really love cats . 
  it 's not so cut and dry . 
  while this is a risk , for what we know that stuff could be basically defenseless against other bacteria and viruses , because they did n't evolve togheter , and thus go exinct shortly after escaping ice . 
  and why are you telling this to me ? 
  he went on a pretty bad rant , but he has a point : in the past game were made hard on purpose to squeeze more playtime without having to create more things to do in the game . 
  it was n't at all about giving a challange , that stuff was made hard just to earn time . 
  now i am not saying that this is the case with crash , but how hard is a game should not be a parameter , except if it being too easy or hard ruin the gameplay . 
  what you , i or anyone enjoy was not the point . 
  or , as everyone not in an english speaking country understood it :, 
  sports, 
  tsngame, 
  just to make things clear : we are talking about `` rushing to the hospital '' bad here . 
  levothyroxine is the name of the active ingradient , not the name of a drug . 
  you were thinking of some other name . 
  just to make things clear for everyone reading . 
  i honestly doubt that they would use crucifixion on roman citizens , but i may be wrong . 
  source ? 
  maybe in the usa . 
  not everywhere . 
  in europe they definetely have commercial names . 
  for example for levotyeoxine one of the generic is called `` tyrosint '' . 
  generic drugs can be sold with a commercial name , at least in eu . 
  living in a society where sex is used to resolve conflicts seems heaven ... until you remember the last argument you had with your mother . 
  this is a pr stunt . 
  ryanair did the same stunt years ago . 
  standing passengers is against the rules for safety , it can not happens no matters what . 
  what the hipster guy is holding ? 
  really ? 
  no intention to play that , so can you explain to me how ? 
  how it is pronounced exactly ? 
  white socks with sandals . 
  i am looking at you , germany . 
  cargo shorts . 
  hats . 
  but if you were very affected by the situation , taking drugs would be the first step to stabilize you before starting psicological therapy . 
  really , if a patient is really stressed out you need to give drugs to calm him down or there is an high chanche that the patient will not be responsive to the therapy . 
  even more in cases when is not possible to remove the cause of the stress right now . 
  sorry to be `` that '' guy , but well ... 
  if this works is because you are distracting your mind , not because of changing in the bloodflow . 
  how much does it cost for the user an average chinese font ? 
  only if he speaks ex-cathedra . 
  something that , in modern times , basically never happens . 
  as a guy with a lot of hair , you managed that smooth look only with shaving ? 
  i 'm hobestly curios because i ca n't be that smooth without chemical `` shaving '' . 
  i have ocd , it turned out that my `` light depression '' derived from how my ocd impacted my life . 
  i am in therapy since about a month , which is basically the bare minimum for it to works , and i definetely feel way better . 
  well in my case i was talking about drug therapy , but the concept is `` find professional help '' , 
  because it 's a leftover from when engineers where the guys operating an engine , and for a lot of time a locomotive driver had to phisically operate on the engine to run the train . 
  i just got it by reading your comment about getting it . 
  because they think , or are made to think , that fixing those inefficiencies is trivial , so if we are not doing it is an outrage . 
  they do n't realize that most of the time those inefficiencies are not fixable without spending * more * money and time to fix them than what they cost . 
  the combined military force of the eu is able to reject a russian attack to be honest . 
  please tell me that you used it and the mother 's lawyers used it as evidence that he does n't want his children if he notice a 1 minute lateness when he is with them . 
  because this is what i would have done , but i am not a lawyer . 
  i caressed a cactus . 
  really . 
  is that donald faison in the audience ? 
  the cost of train simulator is hghly misleading , afak the dlc are all portable to newer version of the main game . 
  is like you are buying the train models like you would do in real life . 
  this costed them a couple of hundreds dollars max . 
  right now about 100.000 people have `` loved '' justin tweet and almost 50.000 have retweeted it . 
  and then there are the people who saw the tweet without interacting . 
  plus all of us who are reading this here on reddit . 
  for a couple of hundreds bucks this is an extremely cheap advertisement . 
  sushi is not an everyday meal , even in japan . 
  ramen is an everyday meal . 
  the lover of helena bonham carter . 
  this is the kind of thing that i have never been able to do , even without reaching such extremes . 
  i have an average of 2 hours on things that i like , that can go up to about 3 if i really like that thing . 
  then i just lose interest in it for a few hours , no matter how much fun i was having . 
  * cries in european *, 
  because king outrank the title of queen . 
  so when the queen is the ruling one , her husband is a prince and not a king , or that would outrank her . 
  the queen is the ruling one here because she is the one with the strongest claim to the crown by birthright . 
  but if you get sprayed on the same area it would be much worse than being sprayed on the balls . 
  weellll , tecnically yes ... 
  we care because evolution hardwired us to associate certain colors of meat as rotten meat . 
  the same reason why we like crystal clear water , we associate it with a fresh and safe spring . 
  so that 's the backstory behind the horribly slow murderer with the extremely inefficent weapon !, 
  florence can be easily done in 2 days . 
  it 's a wonderfull but small city , the historic centre , where 90 % of the sightseeing are , is completely walkable . 
  everyting is near . 
  buy in advance tickets for the uffizzi , or your queue will be monstrous . 
  check about the david , i do not now if you can buy in advance and have a timeslot like in the uffizzi , but the queu can be huge here too . 
  ( buy in advance for the vatican museum too !, 
  same story , huuuge queue if you do not book in advance ),
