  we are getting better and better drugs , but using immunosuppresants still means that you have a somewhat weaker immune system now . 
  the white cells will not go `` meh '' when they touch a pathogen , or that would pretty much kill you , but they can give a `` lazier '' response . 
  which can be a serious problem in case of a serious infection , or cancer . 
  99,999 % this never happened and was invented by one of his enemies long after his death . 
  no way anyone can pull off that and not cause an uprising in the population that , succesfull or not , should have been noted in some text . 
  having no symptoms is a `` symptom '' in itself . 
  some std have clear symptoms after a while . 
  so if , let 's say , it 's been a month since the unprotected sex and you have no symptoms , there is no reason to test for std that give symptoms after 15 days or whatever . 
  it does not means that you does n't have it * for sure * , but it 's unlikely . 
  also , some disease are uncommon , so you do not tests for those without symptoms or a reason . 
  the point is that being * nice * is the * bare minimum * . 
  that 's like a restaurant advertising the fact that their food will not poison you . 
  * i fucking hope so * , you should not advertise it like is your strong point . 
  show me what you can give me that the other restaurants can not . 
  uhm , i just checked some image of the first movies and no , he could totally pass for being in his '40 in the first movie , but not really ' 30 ... 
  just curious , how much does a lesson cost , on average ? 
  because until some decades ago most people thought that anal was something that only homosexuals and `` depravated '' did . 
  it was a way to have legal leverage against things like gay bar and the gay community . 
  in the usa , maybe . 
  most europe and parts of south america has a crush on anime that is second only of that of japan itself . 
  kids watch anime as a regular thing since the '80 here . 
  in italy stuff like the ' 70 - '80 mecha series are litterally pop culture now . 
  seriously , * everybody * under 40 years old knows jeeg , mazinger or the others . 
  even if you really never watched the series ( i did n't ) you know what they are cause they are everywhere . 
  just last yeat a very succesfull italian movie was called `` they call me jeeg '' . 
  do you have any source about abusive partnership in shelters ? 
  i 've never thought about this , but it makes sense . 
  there is a reason for why this happen ? 
  i mean , i really ca n't see the developers writing code like this on purpose , developers of any game , not just this one . 
  what was the intended purpose ? 
  the reasons are simple , this is not a randomized population and the core of reddit is to create echo chambers . 
  most of reddit users cover a narrow range of subsets of people ( i 'm not saying that there is only 1 subset here . 
  i 'm saying that there are way too few ) and this ** highly ** skew things . 
  then we have subreddits , that are literal echoes chamber where people have mostly the same opinion of a subject ... 
  add those two things and it 's easy to understand why the reddit hive mind is often so distant from the popular opinioni . 
  i 'm 26 years old , 174 cm and 71 kg . 
  since in august most gym here are close do you have a routine to suggest me that do not need gym equipment ? 
  this is 100 % a legend , or at least vastly exagerated , but this is the exact reason why there is a limit on how much you can be harsh to people . 
  too harsh and they will simply say say `` fuck it , i 'm already screwed '' . 
  no incentive to behave correctly . 
  nah , it 's because the base of an hair is larger than the point , they are like a cone . 
  when you shave the first thing that come out is the base of the hair you cut , then the new pointy one . 
  it does n't hurt , but it can totally give you an infection . 
  lol , i once had a girl spit on my cock , porno style , when i said that `` it is n't lubricated enough '' . 
  she was n't very experienced with men but used to watch porn , and with low sexual inibitions . 
  i just said to her `` did you just ... like in a porn ? '', 
  and laughed a bit . 
  she apologized laughing too , and then we had sex . 
  i 'm stille not sure what to think about it , it was definetely `` wtf '' , but there is also the idea of doing it like in a porn that is cool ... 
  breaths is no mandatory , but if you can do it withouth breaking the rythm do it . 
  sauce : cpr certified 1 year ago and medical student . 
  it may not be 100 % true , mcdonald does n't use the same suppliers for every country , and it may happen that one of them is a bit superior . 
  but yes , i doubt that there is a big change in taste . 
  wait , there are books about jeff the killer ? 
  have you read the one about the cursed zelda game ? 
  50 % is description of the game but with an `` evil '' twist on it . 
  litterally stuff like `` and he went in the dungeon , and then turned right to pull the lever . 
  then he passed the bridge '' but with something about some npc doing creepy stuff here and there . 
  it 's like reading a walktrough , really . 
  yep , that one . 
  i could n't believe it , half of that one is litterally a walktrough . 
  `` and then he ... 
  turned right . 
  but evily . 
  he turned right evily '' . 
  just a note , owning the tracks is n't the best business practice . 
  railroads are basically a natural monopoly on a nation-wide scale . 
  it would cost way too much for each company to build and maintain their own tracks , and in many places there would simply not be the space . 
  the best practice , as far as i kmow , is to have an indipendent operator which is forbidden to enter the the train market operating the tracks . 
  then the train companies rent the use of the tracks from this track operator . 
  they have a deal with one of their supplire for a discounted price if they also sell those pill , or the only deal to sell product a is also to sell those pills . 
  it 's a common business practice , probably product a and the pills are from the same company . 
  it depends on * why * you did the survey . 
  unless your survey was specifically searching for the data for average sexual partner regardless of gender , you are simply erasing data with no real reason . 
  it 's bad science to do so . 
  you should * always * explicit your methodology as much as possible and write down any data you find . 
  this way other scientists can find error in your survey , or just extrapolate data for their research . 
  let 's say that you tell me that `` the average person has 5 partners '' , but your data showed that men have 9 partners , and women have 1 . 
  there is clearly something wrong here , but i can not tell it if you just tell me that the average is 5 : i have no way to know that your research is crap , even if it 's very clear that it is . 
  funny , i 'm dating a bisexual woman who was in a long term relationship with a girl before me , and she always tell me that she never liked rigid dildos because she felt that they ca n't follow the shape of the vagina and for her this is n't 100 % comfortable . 
  but she is also a short and small girl , so this may play a role ... 
  just a question , why do you call this `` biscotti '' ? 
  i 'm just curious about why you guys ( i 'm italian ) use the italian word here . 
  oh well , in italy we have just one name `` biscotti '' for every kind of cookies , biscuits , cones ... so yes , you used the right name , ca n't go wrong , 
  i 've never heard of this distinction in the usa , from you picture and the recipe they looks like a soft ( as in , not crunchy ) version of the tuscan `` cantucci '' . 
  first , i 'll try to understand what happened in my city , and where are the survivors . 
  then i 'll try to find a new home , looking for an house who can be easily defended and close to where other humans are . 
  i do n't have to worry about the big group of survivors , it 's the lonely small group that would be prone to criminal acts . 
  strenght is in the numbers . 
  then i will go looking for food and water , as much as possibile , to store in my new home . 
  afther this the first priority would be to try to restore the basic parts of society : we still have people able to grow food ? 
  do we still have access to fresh water ? 
  are we able to defend ourselves from outsiders ? 
  re-forming a community must be the number 1 priority . 
  all the survivors willing to cooperate should move in houses close togheter in any part of the city that can be defended and that have a safe supply line from the fields , even if this means to let vast part of the city to rot . 
  obviously there would be attempt to comunicate with rest of the world , and after the stabilization of the new settlement some scout should be sent to explore the territory . 
  and i can go on a lot here ... 
  there is a good probability that no , i would n't be here . 
  i was born with one ureter ( non the urethtra !, 
  ureter ) bigger than it should be , and this caused urine to go back from the bladder to the kidney some time .
