  this is extremely important . 
  you do n't have to fake to be confident , you are holding a conversation on french movies because you like them , and the girl is listening to you because she likes them to . 
  i 'm straight and i 'm dating a bisexual girl right now . 
  i met her at a party . 
  i have a lesbian friend who the * very moment * she discovered that this girl is bisexual started heavily hinting that she is dating me just because there were n't lesbians at that party . 
  and then she added her on fb . 
  just because i told her that she is bisexual , she litterally did n't have any other information about her at that moment . 
  i 'm still angry with her for this , fuck her . 
  lol , `` fuck you '' was for my lesbian friend , not you . 
  i 'll edit that to make it more clear . 
  oh , absolutely !, 
  i know very well what biphobia and bi-erasure are , do n't worry . 
  i 'm know that being bi does n't mean being promiscuous , and all that stupid stuff . 
  just to be clear , she is n't my gf . 
  we are dating , the party was just a month ago , we are cool with the `` hang out , have fun and occasionaly have sex '' phase for now . 
  english is not my first language , so this is probably my bad . 
  i 'm sorry , what is a fairy godmother in this context ? 
  just a mentor ? 
  oh , well so i was both right and wrong . 
  i guess this is my til . 
  thank you !, 
  i want to clarify that any amount of alcohol can damage the fetus , not only binge drinking . 
  aaaand now i will think that too . 
  if they are , like , cousins twice removed they are basically not related at all . 
  because we all passed high school . 
  no , nobody was using sail ship for combats . 
  they were , and still are , used for training . 
  the vespucci is a training ship . 
  the usa has a sail ship for training too . 
  who are those parents ? 
  to add on this `` deus ex machina '' is latin for `` god from the machine '' . 
  this is because in the ancient plays the gods were usually shown discending from the sky , and thus the actor playing the god would be basically attached to a crane , the machine , to lower him on the stage . 
  so he was litterally a god [ that came ] from the machine . 
  easier than any non-latin language ? 
  sure . 
  but it is in no way easier per se . 
  the grammar is almost completely different . 
  vis-\u00e0-vis is french , not latin . 
   that sucks, 
  well , that for sure . 
  fun fact : lucca is always the place of the biggest and best comics convention in italy , which is also one of the biggest in the world . 
  bigger than the san diego comicon . 
  the `` lucca comics & games '' takes place in november and it 's in the street of the city itself . 
  medical student here . 
  do you know the sentence that people say before saying something homophobic ? 
  `` i have a lot of gay friends , but ... '', 
  well , i actually * have * a lot of gay friends . 
  mmm , i like a lot when girls are outgoing and `` ehi let 's do this and that '' but are aware that they are being hyperactive . 
  i mean , i like a people who are active and propose things to do , but i really like when they seems to care about how you feel about doing this or that . 
  i 'm a bit anxious , when i go out with someone and it 's up to me to chose what to do i get anxious that they will not like it . 
  so someone who seems to share my anxiety it 's nice , because usually hyperactive people * do not * feel like this . 
  they do their things and too bad if you do not like it . 
  if this person is a woman she absolutely earned points in my `` do i want to go out with you ? '', 
  scale . 
  the whole `` italians switch sides '' . 
  in wwi we had a * strictly * difensive pact . 
  the agreement was explicetely valid only in case of a country being attacked . 
  since austria-hungary was the attacking force , the pact was not binding . 
  also art . 
  7 of the pact said that if austria-hungary or italy would do any military action in the balkans area a special agreement between the two would be necesary * before * such action . 
  austria-hungary did act in the balkan area without telling anything to italy , openly violating the pact . 
  italy had any right to no help the alliance , since it was never forced to * and * vienna had broken article 7 . 
  a policeman once told me that here in italy they receive `` suggestions '' to where buy breakfast while in service from the central in order to send them to shady place to make them safer . 
  i do n't know if it is true or he was messing with me , but the idea seems pretty sound . 
  if i know that at any moment a policeman can come in the door i will not use that place to do shady stuff or try to rob them . 
  i think the problem here is that you are missing what the stereotype in the lgbqt community against bisexual people is . 
  some people says that bi are confused , on the fence , or gay/lesbian too scared to say what they are . 
  but bisexual people are * fully * into men and * fully * into women . 
  it just vary the degree of it , but they are not half and half . 
  think about it in terms of body type : you may like tall girl with huge boobs , and you will look for them . 
  but you absolutely could have sex or date short and flat chested girls . 
  you are fully into busty girls * and * fully into flat chested girls . 
  you are ' t half into busty girls and half into flat chested girls . 
  this is n't trivial because bisexual can have a lot of problem with people not wanting to date them for fear that they will be dumped for the opposite sex : those people think that they are being just `` half loved '' and their bi partner will going to look for the other half sooner or later . 
  source : not bi , but kinda dating a bisexual girl right now . 
  well , but it is n't actually twice the options . 
  it 's more like you have a full 50 % . 
  i 'm totally pulling those numbers out of my ass , but let 's say that 5 % of woman are lesbian : you as an heterosexual man would have 50 % less the 5 % of lesbians women , so 45 % . 
  the same for women with gay men . 
  a bi person would just add the 5 % of homosexual of their own sex and thus have about 50 % of possibilities . 
  you could n't be twice as active even if you wanted it . 
  it may just not be his thing , or you may chose bad moments to do it . 
  i loved when my ex did it , but once she was very drunk and started doing it randomly . 
  it did not feel sexy , it felt a bit like being groped and i had to tell her to stop . 
  what 's made it wrong for me that time was the lack of awareness of other people , 'cause i 'm not an exhibitionist , and the feel that it was n't really playful . 
  she seemed more aggressive than horny . 
  i 've hear , but this could be total bullshit , that it started as a rhetoric exercise . 
  they needed something absolutely non-defendible to show you could still have an eloquent discussion if you are good enough , no matter what the subject ... but everything they thought would end in them producing conving-sounding paper for horrible people like nazis or pedophiles , or it would push this or that political ideologies ... so they settled for the earth being flat , since it 's an absurd but innocuos subject . 
  mental issue . 
  this is why i am always a bit on the fence about people mocking chemtrailers and such . 
  on a side , yes , they are ridicolous . 
  on the other side , past a certain level of commitment , there is clearly signs of psychiatric problems going on there . 
  they just believe that someone wants them dead . 
  this particular group got convinced that is the government trought chemtrails , another groups believe in ghosts , another one believes in thugs stalking them or whatever . 
  they honestly feel that someone is out there plotting to kill them , and they are actually afraid of this . 
  eli5 version : on every cell of your body there `` thing '' sticking out that are in a shape unique to you . 
  if a white cell touch a `` thing '' with a different shape it will cause the whole immune system to go berserk against it . 
  an organ is never `` accepted '' because those things will always be there and they will always have a foreign shape for your white cells . 
  what we do is givin drugs that cause white cells to go `` meh '' instead of berserk when they touch these things . 
  that 's the problem .
