  edit : hi downvoter , how exactly did you miss my sarcarsm ? 
  as an italian ... 
  in what dialects it means that ? 
  i do n't speak spanish or portugues but i understood both of you perfectly . 
  romance language hi-five !, 
  so , exactly what you are doing here . 
  transgender people are totally accepted by the medical community , pal . 
  go read the tons of paper produced on the subject . 
  and this is exactly what happens . 
  no ethical board would approve this excpet very excpetional cases . 
  i do n't think that this happened with an ethical board . 
  but i 've read discussions making the case for patients who have been under mental treatment for years without alleviating the problem . 
  i think there is a point after that the best course of action is to take the path of least resistance . 
  as a general rule for heatlcare . 
  it 's not impossible but unlikely that they would be actually recording reharsal with a stand-in . 
  it would cost money for a scene that was not supposed to be used . 
  what probably happened is that since monica and ross dad was a famous actor and not some random actor , he asked to be on set just when he is really needed and not a minute more . 
  or his contract had a payment per scene , so the production just used a stand-in to save some moneys . 
  e-tickets are a thing in italy since at least 10 years . 
  i do n't know a about spain , but i really do n't see why they should n't have e-tickets . 
  other languages have accents and special characters , but they still sue qwerty . 
  i mean , why you think that more than 1 in 1000 people will use this ? 
  it will probably be even way less . 
  i 've never tried a roulette , why a roulette with 00 is bad ? 
  it 's not profitable unless you invest in an asic miner ( and the kw is cheap ) or you just mine brand news coin that are virtually worthless now in the hope that they will have value later . 
  the firet option means that you have to spend about 2k , the other is basically a gamble . 
  best way to make money with cryptocoin is trading the already established coin and having a small portfolio of dirty cheap coins just laying there . 
  i mean , just today for apparently no reason a coin that a week ago was worth about 40 cents now is worth about 1.2 dollar . 
  enjoy, 
  gpu mining eth is still profitable ? 
  really ? 
  at 0.040 btc trading ? 
  wow . 
  what you can mine in a day ? 
  well , yes . 
  if the banks fail your money lose a shitload of value . 
  if you are ok with losing your savings , the banks can fail . 
  value of money is only in the trust that people have in it . 
  if people start not trusting your money because all your banks just failed , your money become almost worthless . 
  in italy is 100k . 
  show us data , please . 
  why former ? 
  is not like if your character die it does n't exists anymore . 
  no idea about chinese , but for japanese those thing are so codified that your teacher should have known very well to not use it . 
  harry is an involuntary horcrux , to kill voldemort you had to kill harry first . 
  matisse cracker, 
  not too bad , i guess . 
  but is actually the opposite . 
  if i have only 1 vote , i am going to vote for the `` main '' guy to not risk to throw away my vote or to cause a candidate that i dislike to win . 
  with a 2 turn sistem i am going to vote for whoever i want in the first turn , because if my guy does n't reach the the 2nd turn i can vote for someone else that i sorta-like . 
  because fn is an extremist party . 
  it 's not like you do n't like trump but you like the republican party so you hope that the party will counter-balance him . 
  if you vote fn you know that you are voting a party with very precise ideas , and that all of them , from marine to the last guy , want to act on those ideas . 
  most people are not comfortable voting for a candidate that has such radical views . 
  this would be true even for a far left candidate , but the fn has an extra malus because they are dangerously close to fascist idea . 
  it 's not a problem that their php section talks about php5 and not php7 ? 
  i 'm not sure to understand : that site says that w3cschool worked on its main issues , so that 's mean that for basic learning is still valid ? 
  it does not really expalin much . 
  thank you !, 
  no i 'm a interested in javascript + html , for now , i used php as an example . 
  i plan to learn php too , but after i learned a bit of js and html . 
  this is exactly the catholic position , also . 
  to be honest weapon training is way more than realistic disaster . 
  is full blown collapse of society . 
  if the situation is so fucked up that police/army is not around , that 's a completely different level . 
  dude , i was able to have sex with just one girl since i started using tinder seriously about 6 months ago , so i am not trying to sell you `` one magick trick that doctors do n't want to share '' ... 
  but the '' trick '' is that you have to remember that you do not know those girls . 
  they are not from your school , work or hobby . 
  if you say something awkward and the chat or date go bad you will * never * heard about them in your life . 
  she is not the friends of your co-worker that will want to know about the date the next day , she is a random girl from the other part of the city . 
  there is a lot less anxiety in this way . 
  lol , i discovered tinder thanks to a ( female ) friend of mine and once while we were chatting she matched with a guy . 
  the chat went like this :, 
  him : hi !, 
  him : are you in cityname, 
  her : no , i was there till yesterday , i was on holiday . 
  him : oh so you are not coming back here, 
  her : no , sorry . 
  him : shame . 
  well , so you can send me some nudes so i can see what i lost , 
  obviously , he was un-matched 3 seconds after . 
  this level of activity is exactly why golem is one of the very , very few projects with a future . 
  no it 's not . 
  do you realize that your distinction is just pedantic and meaningless ? 
  when people talk about having power they do not talk * only * about being the king or the duke . 
  i admit to have never looked at lisk , but your list is very short compared to how many coins there are out there . 
  which is exactly my point . 
  i do n't know why we seems to disagree lol . 
  in a good part of the city : a bit more than 100 mq apartment . 
  2 room , a bathroom , a large living room and an average kitchen . 
  maybe a somewhat large terrace if it 's a deal . 
  in a not so-good but still ok part of the city : about 150 mq , maybe a bit more . 
  not that much different from the one in the good part , but you nave 3 room and maybe 2 bathroom . 
  in a very good part of the city , probably something a single room with a small kitchen , a small bathroom and a small living room . 
  dude , try to look at altcoins trading . 
  bitcoin is a long gone train , but altcoins like litecoin , ethereum , dash , golem and some others are right now in the `` can gain 30 % value in 24 hours '' phase . 
  you can not mine them anymore , but trading is still perfectly doable . 
  obviously you have to study how it works before investing more than 20 bucks in it . 
  hp , especially the first 2 , are definitely books for a young person , but there is no way in hell that at 12 you could find them below your reading comprehension . 
  they are not books for little kids , they are written in a perfectly enjoyable way even for an adult .
