  both of them , but especially my mother , will drag little argument for way , way longer than it is normal . 
  i almost never had a simple `` shouting '' . 
  i had `` shouting and a 5 minutes rambling '' . 
  at least . 
  6 years old doing math homework and messing up an addition ? 
  5 minutes yelling . 
  for every addiction wrong . 
  and then there is my favorite example of this stuff : when i was 17 my mother had bought me some clothes . 
  she did this because now and then she decided that my clothes were too old and ruined , and apparently i was n't going to buy my clothes fast enough . 
  well , obviously i did n't like them very much . 
  for a week or so , i did n't wear them , then a day i decided to wear them . 
  i was wearing the t-shirt she bought , and the trousers she bought . 
  she saw me , and with an angry face yelled at me : `` look at you , you look like an hobo , why you insist on wearing those old and ugly thinghs !, 
  ca n't you see how dirt and ugly that stuff is ? '' . 
  i reapeat , i was completely dressed with the brand new stuff she bought me . 
  the stuff she chose . 
  the stuff she bought a week ago . 
  it 's not that the clothes were actually ugly evenr for her , it 's that she just * decide * that i 'm wearing bad clothes . 
  it has nothing to do on how i actually look . 
  when something tickle her off , she decide that my clothes are ugly . 
  so they * are * ugly , no matter what . 
  she had n't recognized them as the clothes she bought , so they were ugly and dirt . 
  i do n't know what she said after i yelled back to her that those were her clothes , because i ran out of the house , fuming . 
  so , long story short , all this stuff ( and much , much others ) gave me a sense of `` i do n't know how they will react to this '' that is somewhat really affecting my social life . 
  slightly in a familiar setting , but in a relevant way in an unfamiliar setting . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not socially awkward . 
  i 'm a regular guy . 
  the problem is that it takes me an extra effort to be a regular guy . 
  not exactly a word , but the absene of an impersonal way of phrasing a sentence would come very handy . 
  an impersonal sentence is when you do not have a subject . 
  for example , in italian , i can say `` in questa casa si mangia alle 8 '' which can be translated as `` in this house we eat at 8 '' , but i had to add `` we '' . 
  in the italian sentence there is no `` we '' , it is saying that in that house the rule is to eat at 8 . 
  it 's not we , or you , or frank . 
  something it 's a bit confusing having to `` find '' a subject where there is n't really one . 
  to me , they are a peculiar taste that is nice to try now and then , but nothing exceptional . 
  try them , remember to add the lemon juice . 
  they have a strong `` sea water '' taste , but is actually pleasant . 
  i still ca n't understand how the same drug at the same dosage , metfornin , can be sold at 6.8 $ here in italy for a 60 dose pack , and to fuck * ng 59.99 $ in the usa for a 50 pack dose . 
  the version of the drug that i checked was the `` brand '' one sold in free market . 
  this is * not * a case of socialized healtcare vs free market , this specific kind of the drug is sold with no state funding here . 
  but here it costs 6.80 $ , at the costco website it say 59.99 $ . 
  for a box with 10 doses less . 
  & gt ; insurance, 
  hm , that explain it , but why having such a complex system where everything is overpriced and you have to `` use '' an insurance to pay the market price ? 
  it opens a lot of potential issue ... 
  & gt ; subsidized, 
  no , the brand of metformin i said it costs 6.80 dollars is not subsidized by the state . 
  the list of drugs subsidized is plublic , and this version ( is a less known kind , it is in powder instead of tablet ) is not on that list . 
  that means that i 'm paying full price for it . 
  never tried with horseradish , but i tried with ` nduja ( a south-italian `` spreading pork sausage '' which can be very spicy . 
  yes , it is hard to pronunce for italians too ) . 
  not bad , but the taste covers a bit too much the oyster 's taste . 
  you know you said a stupid thing when a guy called `` seriously_trolling '' disagree with you . 
  just 10 months ? 
  was it * that * viable as a business at the time ? 
  do you think it 's something that is still possibile to do or was it the result of a very specific and favorable set of conditions ? 
  ( no , i have no intentions of opening a mc . 
  i 'm just very impressed by how fast you were able to pay back the loan ), 
  i 'm not sure that i undestood this correctly . 
  are you asking me if i used the same login : password on both ipad and pc ? 
  do you understand that this is a drawing , right ? 
  my 2 cents is that starbucks could succeed in italy only if they drastically change their marketing and started selling themselves as a place to have specifically their home stuff , like frappuccino . 
  no regular cofee , just stuff like frappucino and pastry . 
  and they should open just the `` artsy '' kind of starbuck . 
  if they can do that , they could happily have some store in the biggest city . 
  ( * some * store , like 10-15 in the whole country ), 
  but can a well established brand change this much ? 
  this may happen , but is not so common . 
  ( it is common in toursit areas ), 
  we drink cofee at the counter because is the way we use to , no other reasons . 
  as i said , in most place outside of tourist areas you will not be charged more at a table . 
  i did that . 
  unless i created two account with the same username ... is that possible ? 
  uhm , so , new question . 
  if i press disconnect on the ipad client , it will wipe out all the data or just the password ? 
  i mean , i have checked the two mail i use , and there is no trace of a registration mail . 
  if this is the case , i may have used an e-mail that i do n't remember , i need to know that the e-mail addres will still be visible , or i may not be able to get back in . 
  i was playing on an ipad . 
  a not-rooted , ipad . 
  no screenshot , afaik . 
  in italy , of course . 
  i agree with you at 90 % . 
  those guy are totally dicks even in real life , no question of it . 
  that is just a poor excuse . 
  but i have to admit that on the web you meet situations that you will never meet in real life . 
  you meet people who are way more aggressive than the people you meet on the street and you meet at every corner people holding opinions that you will never hear in person , because they are held by 0.5 % of the popolutaion . 
  so i can kinda understand a person who says that he was being `` dick-er '' than usual on the web . 
  but i understand you if you got a bit more aggressive , if you are acting like a total dick , you are a total dick . 
  alfredo pasta does n't exists . 
  in italy . 
  seriously , it 's an americani tali an thing , like pasta with meatbals ( and caesar salad ), 
  if you find pasta alfredo , it 's because they deal a lot with americans . 
  hi , are you planning to book everything in advance or are you planning to go `` backpack-alike '' ? 
  if it is the latter , i would suggest you to drop many city of your list . 
  the fun of this type of travel is being able to decide on the spot what to do . 
  having a great time in a city ? 
  stay there some more days . 
  heard of a very nice festival in another city ? 
  hop on a train and go . 
  it 's better to have a small list of cities .
