  ( yeah , i know there is a lot talking about water here ... i really do n't know what happened , since when i was about 13 to when i was about 19 my father started doing those thing . 
  yes , they were as frustrating as they seems , especially having to argue with him that yes , you did use the soap almost every single time you took a shower . 
  his reasoning whas that `` you do not smell like soap '' ), 
  you ca n't take a risk . 
  if someone asks for help , you send help . 
  if it is a prank , you have the record of the calling to pass to the police . 
  in italy there is a character for kids that is a black chick with half an egg shell on his head . 
  but when he was invented , in the '60 he was n't actually black he was just dirty . 
  they changed him on being actually a black chick at some point , for obvious reasons . 
  3000 usd are before or after the flight ? 
  if this is your budget after airplane tickets this is not a limited budget , at all . 
  unless you are planning to stay for an extended period of time . 
  you have to tell us that and how long you are staying in europe . 
  so let 's say that you will have 2000 usd , more or less . 
  for 1.5-2 weeks is still a good amount , you should n't have any budget problem . 
  you totally could do your `` ideal europe package '' on that budget , the problem here is the time . 
  remember that a flight inside of europe can be * very * cheap if you fly with a lowcost company and book months before your trip . 
  i 'm talking about 40-50usd to go from rome to paris , as an example . 
  i would have at least 2-3 full day for each destination . 
  i mean that you should stay at least 4-5 days in every place , because the day when you travel will be `` lost '' . 
  always think of those day as lost , as extra . 
  since you are from america i suppose that you will not return to europe soon , so i 'm not a fan of the `` only 1 country '' solution . 
  unless you really love that country . 
  maybe you can limit your trip to 3 places . 
  because there is a x % that can not vote for some reasons . 
  they may be ill , out of the country for an emergency or simply does n't care . 
  100 % partecipations is 99,9 % security that the election is rigged . 
  mmm , i think that the ps2 was harder to mod . 
  in ps1 basically every pc shop could do a ps1 mod ( at least here , i do n't know in the usa ) . 
  if you look at tutorials online it looks like it 's a pretty simple job . 
  mod chip for ps2 came on the market after years and very few shop would install one . 
  well , i mean , the picture does n't show anything illegall , really . 
  you have to prove that those were hookers , and also you have to remember that in italy ( and most of europe ) prostitution is not illegal . 
  exploiting prostitution is illegal . 
  this means that if a girl have sex with you and then asks you for money it 's perfectly legal as long you can prove that nobody else than the girl is earning money , more or less . 
  you know , the way you guys deal with the debts it 's pretty interesting to see . 
  before coming to reddit i would have never expected that the use of credit card as a form of rateization for payment was so common . 
  here ( italiy , but i think europe as a whole ) the only form of debt that is socially accepted for non business related stuff is a mortgage . 
  nobody uses a credit card to pay over their savings , it 's mostly used as a way to pay big sums without using cash . 
  the whole `` building a credit '' it 's completely foreign here . 
  ( but yes , we still have people who think that the national budget is the same as an house budget , unfortunately ), 
  that 's actually a pretty simple equation , and i suck at math . 
  the one you see above that is harder . 
  ok , i have to say it . 
  disney 's atlantis is a complete rip off of nadia , from studio gainax . 
  the character design and the general idea is so similar that i 'm pretty much convinced that disney paid gainax some milions to not sue them . 
  my theory is that they bought the rights for nadia without * actually * buying them using a regular contract to avoid to mark atlantis as a remake . 
  this way they were able to sell it as a regular disney movie . 
  the similarities are so many that it 's really hard to believe that the folks at gainax just did n't care about it and never said a word about it . 
  try val gardena , in italy . 
  it 's beautiful , it 's `` regular expensive '' and is one of the 4 valley of the sellaronda . 
  do you know how every valley , or some time every town , has his own ski pass to use their lifts ? 
  well the sellaronda means that you can buy 1 skypass to access all the lifts of 4 valley that are around the `` sella group '' , a group of mountains . 
  it 's huge and it 's gorgeus . 
  it 's so huge that if you plan to do the tour of the 4 valley you need easily half a day to be back at your starting point ... 
  if you go straight on the next valley without doing other slopes than those you actually need to do the tour . 
  and every valley has * a lot * of slopes . 
  it 's cost about 200 $ for a week , but it 's worth every penny . 
  yeah , i think that this is the most plausible answer . 
  she probably already was near the library and just took the opportunity . 
  well , it 's pretty normal to write down just the `` facts '' . 
  you usually write something like '' patient is here for x and y , the lab test say this and that , i gave him this drug at this dosage '' . 
  writing down everything that the patients tell you is not only time consuming , but can be very confusing . 
  a patient will tell you a lot of things , and not everything is relevant to their condition . 
  do you feel sleepy just before you fall asleep ? 
  even a bit ? 
  because when you go under with drugs you are perfectly 100 % awake and ready to run a marathon , and the next second you wake up in an hospital room . 
  try closing your eyes for a second , and immagine that now you are in another room . 
  do your sleep feels like this ? 
  you should either change hospital , or get tested for some genetic mutations in your family . 
  the statistical ratio of that happening by sheer luck it 's incredibly low . 
  i went under for an operation some years ago , general anesthesia , and i was perfectly fine up to the moment i `` blinked '' . 
  the feeling of not being sleepy just before you go under is pretty common . 
  dude , i can assure you that all that happened in a much shorter timespan , it seemed like minutes passed because you were scared . 
  no way that it will take that much time for train to reach you once you can see it 's light . 
  oh my god it wad ages since the last time i heard about candlej, 
  you got it wrong for italy . 
  we are a parliamentary republic . 
  the people elect the two houses of the parliament . 
  then the parliament + the regional delegates ( chosen from the people elected in each regional assembly ) elect a president . 
  the president appoints the pm . 
  the parliament has to approves the new pm and its ministries . 
  only then the pm and the government has full executive power . 
  if it 's a semi-presidential system they actually have some powers . 
  if it is a parliamentary system then yes , 90 % of their powers come from their morale stature and are n't actual powers . 
  yes , they do it without the direct input of the people . 
  the regional delegates are chosen with a vote in each regional assembly . 
  each italian region send 3 delegates with the exception of valle d'aosta , which sends only 1 . 
  usually the 3 delegates are 2 member of the majority in the regional assembly and 1 member of the opposition in the regional assembly , but this is not an hard rule . 
  so no , there is no direct input of the people in the election of the president . 
  in italy there is direct input of the people only for the parliament . 
  at the national level at least , then at the regional or local level is another story . 
  and then you get bored after about 1 years of that routine , max . 
  wan na do something new ? 
  hope that your husband likes it as well , because you sure have no other people that can go with you , beacuse you know , it 's pretty hard to have friends outside of a social enviroment like the workplace . 
  being alone it 's fine and funny for a short amount of time , then it 's terrible . 
  ask to everyone who works from home . 
  you need new stimuli . 
  ( yes , i know that an user called waspandnotsorry is most likely a troll , but i have a lot of free time today . ), 
  you know a lot of grandmothers that still have a job , then ?
