  a bump where a lymphonode should be , it may be a problem with the lymphonode . 
  i have the same concerns . 
  it reads too well , and everytime there is a twist in the story . 
  there is everytime something big that happens . 
  he is telling a life-destroying story like is nothing to really care about . 
  there are way too much personal details written like is no problem . 
  oh god , i 'm finally part of the 1 % . 
  once at a party i randomly started to talk to a girl that i did n't know , she was a bit tipsy and basically she did all the work . 
  i mean all . 
  i was n't even trying because you know , that was pretty early in the night and i tought that that was just the initial chit-chat , i was n't even sure that i liked her ... after about 20 minutes we were making out in a corner . 
  she was the one who started kissing me . 
  honestly i always thought that there is no way that `` sneaking out '' can work like in the movies or sit-com . 
  how are you supposed to just disappear from your house for hours and nobody ever notice ? 
  i do n't live in a castle . 
  according to this post https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/5bnkbv/bartenders_of_reddit_whats_the_smoothest_move/d9qxun4, 
  i 'm in the 1 % of men that got approached by a woman and not vice versa . 
  we are not . 
  op was saying that if this referendum is lost there is a good chanche that a very anti-eu party will rise to power in the next election . 
  but the referendum itslef has nothing to do with the eu . 
  a physician * will * check the genitals of a puberty age boy at every visit . 
  it 's just how you perform a visit to a patient that age , you are expected to check how puberty is going . 
  the story here is either one of those `` no-insurance '' story , or his physician should be fired . 
  i know that it 's a clich\u00e9 of reddit asking to fire someone at the slightest error , but not checking the penis on a puberal age boy is not a mistake , it 's incompetence . 
  the good news is that if his only problem was a lack of testosterone he can actually fix a lot of things . 
  a one night stand is not a deal breaker for a couple . 
  now , * i 'm not * saying that is not a big deal . 
  it is . 
  what i 'm saying is that physical atraction is fantastic , but it will always come a long shot after emotional attraction . 
  and that is not something where you can cheat with a one night stand . 
  that is like scratching an itch . 
  as long as i can be sure that it wo n't happen again , i will be pissed but i 'm not going to leave my partner for that . 
  now , an actual affair that goes on for months is another story ... 
  we obviously do n't know exactly what the average life span of eraly humans was , but we do n't have reasons to doubt that it was much different to that of , let 's say , ancient egyptians . 
  the phisiology was already the same . 
  humans can reach 60 yo pretty easily , the problem is being healty at 60 . 
  honestly i 'm happy that panchiko machines reamins in japan . 
  they are designed to be addictive . 
  there is so little activity with them that you either find them extremely boring or extremely adictive . 
  this is why they put a lot of extra stuff in them , like videogames . 
  incouraging gambling is not something that i 'm comfortable with . 
  it 's present time , but is never stated exactly when . 
  i do n't remember if they explitely say the name of the previous pope in the series , but it was n't the name of a real one or i 've would have noticed . 
  source : here in italy the series has already been aired . 
  just to clarify , pope pius xiii is not a real pope . 
  well , the book is called `` surprised by joy '' ... 
  a dead man switch is a safety measure that is actively trying to shut down what is installed on . 
  the operator has to press/pull/whatever to stop the switch to shut down everything . 
  this way if the operator is incapacitated everything will shut down on its own . 
  why calling the cops on a party seems to be a regular thing in the usa ? 
  here ( europe ) you should really making a mess to have someone calling the police . 
  if a party got unruly the neighbours will try to speak with the organizer before calling the police ... 
  by a text asking me `` what happened exactly to maria ? '', 
  when i texted back asking him what was he talking about he replied with just `` it 's better if you call * friendsname * '' . 
  less than 20 second after reading this said friend call me , telling me that maria had killed herself the day before . 
  that was not a good day . 
  very good !, 
  i personally likes it a lot , but i have to watch the 2 last episodes , so i ca n't give you a 100 % accurate review . 
  it is extremely well acted and directed , there are a lot of dialogues that are incredibly powerful . 
  obviously this is a full sorrentino 's work , so you have to remember that he likes visually heavy scenes that may not be everyone cup of tea . 
  i actually know a girl who did the `` remote controller vibrator '' thing , even if without the whole blindfold and closet stuff . 
  she said that you are just suddenly surprised by the vibrator turning on but since is not moving and not touching the clitoris directly is not really pleasurable . 
  hooked up with a girl at a party , after making out for a bit we decide to look for a more `` private '' place , but ca n't find one . 
  so now we are sitting on a couch and she is sitting on my lap , and i suddenly remember that there is a place that we did n't check . 
  she leans towards me and say in my ear `` let 's go , i want it in my mouth '' . 
  hottest . 
  thing . 
  ever . 
  while softening of the c is totally a thing in ecclesiastical latin ( what you called romance softening ) , it does n't happen with a `` ko '' sound as far as i know . 
  i do n't think that they record such things as a specific event , if they ever happens . 
  they do in the usa ? 
  hitting something in space is an extremely unlucky event . 
  space is so massive that even things like an asteroid belt looks like a wasteland with nothing on sight . 
  actually they had soldiers at the place were erdogan was staying ready to capture him , but they failed . 
  it 's actually a smart move to do a coup when the man in power * is n't * in the capital city . 
  if you are far enough from the center you actually have a few seconds . 
  it 's not like you can go very far , but it can vive you enough time to find a cover or dash outside the door if you are already at the ground floor . 
  to be honest , every time you have boys and girls in a place for some time , 24/24 the chanche of sex skyrocket . 
  do n't ask me why , probably is because doing activities togheter create a strong bond very quickly and you have to act pretty fast because when the camp is over you will not have another chanche . 
  whatever the reason , any kind of camp will have people having sex . 
  i 'm italian , and once i 've found an amateur porn where the girl continued saying `` give me that shit '' to encourage is partner to cum in her mouth and she was translating the sentence literaly in italian , but we do not use the word `` shit '' to mean `` stuff '' . 
  so everytime she said `` give me that shit '' it sounded like she was asking for actual shit . 
  i have no idea why she was speaking like that , she sounded italian , is not like she was foreign and tryin to speak italian ... 
  my family did the same with my grandma when my uncle died . 
  she had hearth problem and she passed away about two years after without knowing that one of her sons died . 
  ( the fact that she was n't anymore 100 % lucid helped ), 
  if there is an heaven she surelly had a hell of a surprise . 
  unless this was some kind of speciale bread , he was messing with you . 
  you eat the bread whenever you want , i can assure you that . 
  it 's a us thing . 
  we in europe are used to have hours of homeworks each day , more or less . 
  they do n't . 
  that 's way you see all those sit-com and movies whit teenagers having a part time job . 
  there is no way that we could do that unless you * really * need the money . 
  and the more you have been in a come the harder it is to regain all your functions . 
  that 's way if a person has been in a coma for years the best you can hope it 's that he will regain a general awareness of the surrounding . 
  to be honest this really helps me accept the idea of death . 
  i 've had general anesthesia for a surgery some years ago and thus i 've experimented the same `` just blink '' effect , even if in my case it was for just an hour . 
  try 9 . 
  it 's the last final fantasy with a magic medieval theme , like the old ones . 
  you may like it .
