  expert are saying that they are not still convinced that there are evidences that the thing underneath is a da vinci 's fresco . 
  you can play the beatles with c em g d. 
  it 's fucking everywhere . 
  you went on with * her * life ? 
  like , you became a stalker ? 
  numbers about prevalence of trans people in the population are still a bit too variable and uncertain , but yes , that sounds like a lot of transexual people for a 500ish sample . 
  but it can easily be an outlier . 
  i mean , a `` cluster '' of trans people can totally happen by sheer luck . 
  or maybe he works in an enviroment which produce a bias , like something that is culturally female-related . 
  hmm , you should n't have way more testosterone if you are on subistutive therapy , actually . 
  and while testosterone can totaly increase your sex drive , it ca n't change the gender your are attracted to . 
  it seems that you always had been `` curious '' about women and you are starting to notice it now due to an increase in your sex drive . 
  well , if the treatment was developed by a public institution it would be free . 
  but since it is not , it 's not yet recognized by the nhs , so they do not pay for it , because they have no control on it . 
  i mean , sometime `` experimental '' means `` we praying very hard that this works '' . 
  oh , absolutely , we are saying the same thing . 
  if the experimental procedure is done by a public institution they know all the data , so they already know that it has certain standard . 
  uhm , what is a pin pong show exactly ? 
  here in italy they claim that since on your birth certificate they write your name and surname in all caps instead of the usual name surname , that certificate is creating a legal entity called name surname issued by the `` italy corporation '' . 
  ( no idea about the corporation part ) . 
  thus , since in official documents and ids your name and surname is always fully capitalized , you can declare to reject the legal entity and oppose the fact that you are name surname and is name surname the one who have to pays fine and taxes . 
  i live in rome , in the last 10 years rome is getting more and more full of parrots . 
  the small green ones , not the big ones . 
  parrots are not in any way native of italy . 
  apparently they are all the descendats of pet parrots that escaped . 
  it 's crazy that as soon as 10 years ago i have never seen a parrot here , and now seeing a flock of parrots now and then is normal . 
  and they are expanding their territory , i guess that in another 10 years or so they will be in every park . 
  also , we have seagulls now , and they are already everywhere in the city . 
  again , i 've never , ever seen a seagull in rome before some years ago . 
  it is n't clear if they simply migrated from the sea ( rome is about 20 km from the sea ) or if they are the descendants of some couples freed by a resercher 20 years ago , as he claim . 
  and yes , seagulls are scary as fuck . 
  they are big as a small dog and they prey and eat other birds . 
  it 's not 100 % but if you start the therapy as soon as possible and stick with it your whole life there is a pretty good chanche . 
  you may also develop an `` undetectable '' viral charge , that means that the level of virus in your blood stream is so low that tests can not detect them . 
  this is a very good news , but is still unclear ` how ' good is . 
  i mean , we do n't know clearly if you ca n't infect another person or you still can but it 's difficult . 
  uh , this is very interesting , but i 'm guessing how they managed to convince an ethichs panel , or whatever they are called in english , to approve this ... 
  they are ? 
  we are still in the `` oooh how cute ! '', 
  phase here . 
  actually in the books is made pretty clear that the potters left a big amount of money in their chamber at gringotts ' . 
  i mean , they surely were n't * rich * , but it 's hinted that the amount of money they left to harry was n't your average paycheck . 
  literally all of europe , except for maybe the uk , lost the vast majority of positive connections of nation and patriotism . 
  this has nothing to do with a supposed re-education , it was a long process that started after wwii watching at the horrors of what happened and the social change , like the process of european integration . 
  also , here in italy the professor set two or three dates for the test to pass the course and you simply choose when to attend the exam . 
  the downside is that an italian test is usually very hard . 
  you have to pass a written test ( which is almost ever open questions or exercises ) and then if and only if you got a 18/30 grade on it you can attend the oral examination , where the professor will ask to you every question he wants , for as long as he wants . 
  i do n't know for netherlands , but usually `` first necessity '' stuff like food has a much lower vat , that is about 4-6 % . 
  italy . 
  it 's a common police in europe actually . 
  we had that in italy too . 
  the lectures are open to the public , you pay for examinations , use of the laboratory and trainings . 
  and the degree itself of courses . 
  i had a phisic professor , a young thirty-something guy , who actually insisted that the doors of the classrom had to be left open . 
  ( yes , this is kinda useless , the guy was pretty idealistic ), 
  english grammar is very simple if compared to most other languages . 
  if only you guys could sort out that `` random pronunciation '' stuff ... 
  your parents enrolled you in that school under the stipulation that you are their responsability from hour x to hour y. 
  if you want to go out before that hour , you need a permit that exonerate the school from that stipulation on that day . 
  that 's actually a grey area in the law . 
  since you are not the one who signed the enrollement , it can hold up in a court that you checking out before time is a violation of the stipulation ... 
  but then obviously you are over 18 now , and the school can not keep you there if you do not want ... 
  as i said , is a legally grey area . 
  most school go over this by permitting the student over 18 to sign a permit of early leave , the same that your parent had to sign to get you early when you were a minor . 
  why my previous comment is at -4 ? 
  huh ? 
  pretty sure that 8gb of ram is fine even for gamers , and it will be fine for a long time . 
  you really need to go to stuff like 4k and similar for gamers . 
  1 ) it 's 24 $ for low quality or good but old ram like ddr3 at 1033 mzh . 
  perfectly fine for office , or cad or maybe render , not so fine for gamers . 
  2 ) oh , absolutely . 
  photo and video editing needs 16 gb if you are doing something serious , the same with cad . 
  but we were talking about gamers . 
  which cas ? 
  a cas 9 is what you are looking for for gamers . 
  then if you were talking about cas9 , well , then ram memory is cheaper in usa . 
  as many central bank around the world , it is private in the dense that is no run directly by the government , but it is public and the state has a big part in its management . 
  this is done on purpose to let the centrale bank to be indipendent . 
  because a wheeler suitcase is an absolute pain in the ass to move if the terrain is not perfectly flat . 
  and even then it is very annoying to move that arround for more than , like , half an hour . 
  you hands and shoulder are in a position that get very uncomfortable . 
  with a backpack you put it on your shoulder and you 're done . 
  you can walk in every terrain as you like , and you wil not get annoyed to carry it soon . 
  i live in rome . 
  it 's true that you hotel is very central , but unless you really like to walk , you still will need to use public transit . 
  my suggestion is to buy the 72 hours tickets , which costs 18 euros and apparently you can order it online now http://www.atac.roma.it/page.asp?p=228&amp;i=14&amp;r=2875, 
  or you can buy it when you are in rome , it 's the same . 
  ( btw , who the heck translated that web page in english ? ), 
  if you really like to walk i still suggest you to buy at least one single run ticket for 1.50 euros , so you can hop on a bus or metro if you feel tired or you want to visit something far away ( i suggest the neighborhood of trastevere : it 's full of tourist , but it 's very charming , it 's basically rome as it was 150 years ago . ), 
  the 1.50 ticket is valid for 100 minutes from the second you validate it in the bus , for whatever bus you like , or 1 ride on the metro . 
  ok , now a tasty tip ... at via venti settembre there is what in my opinion is the best gelato in rome . 
  the shop is called `` la romana '' http://www.gelateriaromana.com and is incredible . 
  and the best thing is that it is cheap . 
  there are other two chains of gelato shop that are very , very good , `` grom '' and `` fata morgana '' , but they sell their gelato at an higher price than usual . 
  in the case of grom , almost the double than usual . 
  la romana '' sell it at the usual price , the same as every other mom and pop shop . 
  ( if you find yourself near a `` fata morgana '' shop try it , they became famous for experimentig a lot with their flavors . 
  half their flavors are peculiar stuff ), 
  ehi , we have our share of pale red haired guys here . 
  ( ok , to be honest if you are `` white as a ghost '' pale , that would be unusual ),
