  is simply something that is out of his controll . 
  do n't go off drugs abruptely . 
  that can really mess with your brain . 
  basically , your brain has phisically adpted to expect a certain substance in the bloodstream . 
  if suddenly there is no more substance , the brain goes `` wtf '' . 
  where are you from ? 
  in italy ( where they were written ) they are relatively famous for the under 30-ish demographic . 
  a loose acquaintance of mine apparently stole and sold one of her grandma gold bracelet to pay for a prostitute . 
  this is already very sad , but it get sadder when you know that we are talking about a street prostitute . 
  `` the '' greeks are a more modern concept . 
  in classical time and before there were several little greek states that recognized eachother as being from the same culture pool , but also considered each one to be pretty different from the others . 
  they were costantly fighting and conquering each others . 
  they loved war , as basically everyone else at the time . 
  the fact that i managed to visit paris 3 time without ever going to belleville amaze me every time i think about it . 
  i love pennac 's malauss\u00e8ne saga , so going there should be in my top 5 things to do ... 
  not really . 
  lucifer is the english version of the latin lucifero . 
  lucifero means `` the one who brings light '' , luci = light fero = '' i bring '' . 
  the romans called the morningstar luci fers , `` bringers of light '' , but not exactly lucifer . 
  it 's a bit like the differenze about a guy named dick and the word `` dick '' . 
  actually stealing organs from people is something so rare that is questionable if really is a thing or just scary stories thar runs in the underground . 
  the `` black market '' for organs is not formed of stolen organs , is formed by a network of unscropulous people who offer `` a deal '' to extremely poor people . 
  in this network there are unscropouls but perfectely capable surgeon that will perform the operation in a shady clinic . 
  basically it 's a black market because poor people are exploited for their organs , not because there are bands of thieves going around cutting people in a dark alley . 
  the great filter is not exactly that , what you delineed now is incredibly unlikely right now and for us , but is not an universal rule . 
  i mean , go back 100 years and talk to any european about the eu . 
  they would tell you exactly what you wrote about how it is impossible . 
  but here we are . 
  there is no reason to think that an aggressive civilization on another planet would not be able to manage world conquest before the planet reached this level of development . 
  just immagine a planet where the intelligent specie did not colonize the entire world , but just a small part of it . 
  if all humans would have lived in europe the roman empire would have been the only civilization on the planet . 
  the great filter deals with a way more impenetrable barrier : for example maybe developing a metabolism efficient enough to sustain the growth of an organism bigger than a bacteria is an event so unlikely that even with milions of planet with bacteria on them , only an handfull developed in more complex animals . 
  this would be a good news , because it means that the filter is behind us . 
  but maybe the filter is something that we still have to reach , and then we will be fucked , because then the possibility that we are one of the species able to pass it are one in milions . 
  maybe , but there is no way that a non italian can recognize a venetian accent . 
  knowing a tiny , tiny bit of japanese it probably sounded way better in original . 
  probably the word for fireworks was linked to some specific summer festival , making the haiku having more sense . 
  dude , stop . 
  a lot of the world does not use circumcision , and nobody ever noticed any sort of smell difference . 
  yes , this things has been studied , there are actually papers out there on the difference between circumcised and uncircumcised penis . 
  the smell is n't in any of them . 
  to put it shortly , when i was about 9 or 10 me and my family were in a little town in the mountains for a day trip . 
  my parents entered a shop to buy i ca n't remember what , and i was waiting for them outside the shop . 
  a woman approached me and very normally and gently asked me if i could do her a favor , and `` going around the building '' , while pointing at the corner of the street . 
  i ca n't remember if she gave me a reason for that . 
  being a kid , i begun walking to do it , turned the corner but after a couope of step in that alley i thought '' what the heck am i doing '' , and turned back . 
  that woman were n't there anymore . 
  just disappeared ; i could not have been in that alley for more than a few seconds , so this means that she must have sprinted away as soon as i turned the corner . 
  i have no idea what was happening back there . 
  everything is possible , from simple a crazy but harmless woman to a guy with ropes and a van waiting for me at the end of that alley . 
  tomorrow i am going to talk to my doctor about my mother mental health , because at this point i am pretty sure that she had some psicological issue all her life that now are getting worse and out of control . 
  the breaking point was when two weeks ago she woke me up in the middle of the night angrily telling me to stop faking to be asleep , because she heard some rumors from my room so i was awake doing `` something '' while i should really be sleeping . 
  she was very angry , and i still have no fucking idea * even if i really was awake * why you should be that angry . 
  if you are wondering , no , i am not a child , and i am in university ( i do n't live in the usa ) . 
  this coupled with the fact that now it 's 2 years that she often has problems remembering very common words , it makes me believe that something is going on in her brain . 
  and it makes me cry because for all my life she was constantly yelling and berating me at the minimum thing . 
  every mistake was a gigantic mistake that needed several minutes of yelling , every bad things needed be `` solved '' by being very angry ... 
  and it was always my fault . 
  for everything . 
  no matter the contrary evidence , she reached ridicolous levels . 
  and trust me i am talking about really ridicolous levels . 
  so , maybe she actually has a problem , that just now is getting bad enough to leave evidences . 
  this . 
  my last major argument with my mother was about a fucking sausage . 
  i was preparing for a pic-nic with friends , and she proposed to cut a sausage to bring . 
  i said no because i did not feel like eating a sausage . 
  she insisted . 
  i said no , thanks , really no . 
  she insisted . 
  i said that i am in an hurry , and i really have no time to finish to preparing the bag and to cut the sausage * , and went to my room to change . 
  when i came back she had cut the sausage herself , put it in a container and placed it in my bag . 
  i lost it . 
  i really lost it . 
  i did not care about the sausage . 
  it 's not about the sausage . 
  i usually like sausages . 
  it 's about that if i do not want something ** i do not want something ** . 
  i am not trowing a thantrum . 
  i am not misinformed . 
  i just do n't want it . 
  * sausage may not be the correct translation , is more of a dried sausage . 
  i think that the fact here is that rarely there is black and white situations . 
  we are used to hear of abusive parents as the parents who beat their childred , or are drunk all the time ... stuff like that , that luckily are very rare . 
  it 's perfectly possible , and i would say that this the most common situation , to have some abusive behaviours , but non all of them . 
  reality is seldom cut and dry . 
  when i talk to people of my parents i sometime say that they are `` good people , bad parents '' . 
  i think that is good definition . 
  fixing dna seems to be in the 100 years timeframe , putting aside the ethical implications . 
  shit , if there are no major roadbumps maybe even 50 years . 
  changing dna to change our behaviour is a completely different ballpark . 
  we should not only be able to change dna , but also know perfectly all the chemistry of every single cell and chemicals involved in the brain , and we would need to have a near perfect understanding of our behaviours ... 
  this is something several order of magnitudes bigger than fixing the dna . 
  this and the fact that `` normie '' is becoming an actual insult in some places of the web . 
  like , you are really bragging about how much non-normal you are ? 
  do you honestly think this is a good thing ? 
  see sawse 's reply . 
  we are able to somwhat change thing in the dna , see crisp , but curing whole disease by fixing a persone dna is still a fra cry . 
  buy one of those mega house . 
  you basically need to have staff in the house to maintain it , and i would hate have people with regular access to my house . 
  also you will be a target for burglars .
