  the kernel remain mostly the same at the core . 
  when you change deeply the kernel you break compatibility . 
  a software can be updated as much as you wish , it 's not band-aid , it 's new branch . 
  it 's not the same , but is still very close . 
  you ca n't change a kernel to the core without breaking retro-compatibility . 
  ok , this is hard but i will try to make it an eli5 . 
  we do not put stem cells in a 3d printers and then it came out an organ . 
  what do is to create a * scaffold * where the stem cells will attach . 
  this is usually done as a different , completely separate step of the process . 
  i mean that they print the scaffold , then they give it to a lab where they will put the stem cells in place and provide the nutrients to make them grow . 
  i honestly do n't know of a process where you can use the stem cells directly in the printer but this is a bleeding-edge sector , so i may be wrong on this . 
  the stem cells will use this man-made scaffold as a guide to grow in the right way . 
  they use it both as a physicall ground to attach temselves and as a guide . 
  immagine that you are a blind person . 
  you are relying on your cane to fell the street in front of you , and you know that there is a wall approximately 20 step after the last turn . 
  but this time you do n't find any wall after 20 step . 
  you try to walk some more step , but still there is no wall there . 
  so you start to freak out . 
  you do n't know where you are anymore . 
  you have basically two choice , stand still there or going blindly ( i 'm sorry for the pun ) on the street , taking an huge risk . 
  this is what happens to a stem cell when it is growing outside is enviroment . 
  they reach a point where they expect to hit another cell or another tissue , like bones , muscles ecc ecc . 
  but they do not encounter any of that . 
  so they stop growing or start growing everywhere , making a mess . 
  the scaffold provvide that enviroment . 
  the cell will meet another cell growing in another part of the scaffold or the scaffold itself . 
  and they will `` know '' if they have to duplicate again or stop . 
  also you have to know that some organs works , at least in part , by mechanical force . 
  this means that are actually forces like gravity to do the the work , so you can use non-organic stuff quite a lot . 
  dyalisis works like this . 
  that was nearly 100 images ? 
  i went trought them so swiftly that i honestly did n't notice !, 
  when i grow up i want to be op . 
  i 'm 24 . 
  well , as far as i know the problem with algeria is n't the state itself , it 's that they have a pretty strong radical group inside the population . 
  the oath has been rewriteen , the old one is used as a `` show '' , but nobody holds it anymore . 
  edit : i may have misunderstood you . 
  to be clear , i 'm talking about patients who are already over the point of recovery , not people in the terminal stage . 
  the problem here is for people that suddenly goes in a situation when they can not comunicate with the world . 
  i 'm not talking only about comatose patient , there are people with dementia , people with alzhaimer 's ... 
  some of those people may not have left something written about wat they want . 
  the other problem is that you must be free to change your mind . 
  if you have to go trough a witness ... that can be complicated ... or nasty . 
  complicated because you have to find someone who is apt to be your witness . 
  ( and no , it ca n't be your friend , he have to assest that you are not crazy or whatever ) . 
  nasty because the guy could , for whatever reason , questions its own deposition on a later time . 
  i may be wrong , but i ca n't recall a single european country where tipping a waiter is mandatory . 
  so yes , this time saying just europe is correct . 
  it 's as tourist friendly as any other european major city . 
  been there this summer . 
  one redditors killed me because i exposed the fact that he lived in a superhero comic as a kid . 
  wait , there are `` i 'll start my own country '' type out there ? 
  absolutely no . 
  this is not exactly true . 
  proper cpr done in an hospital has a successo ratio of about 20 % as far as i know . 
  the `` less than 8 % '' happens when cpr is performed by a random guy on the street . 
  but the point is that hospitals do n't have a special way of doing cpr , so you can argue that the problem is a shitty level of diffusion of proper cpr practice in the general population . 
  no you do n't have to be certified when performing cpr , the time gap for intervention is so short that everyone should be able to do that . 
  also , samaritan laws do exist . 
  vulpix = vulpes six . 
  cause it has six tails . 
  ( and ninetails ... well ... ), 
  pigneto is way , way too much messy . 
  it 's basically like the whole san lorenzo cramped in a single street . 
  the hill nowadays is enclosed by a fence . 
  i do n't say that you ca n't climb on it , but it 's a lot of work . 
  do n't know if there are some things for surveilance . 
  it 's litterally layers on layers of shreds there ( look for a picture on google ) i have not idea if digging randomly is safe or you can hit an air `` bag '' and fall in it . 
  the head ? 
  i was there this summer , exactly 5 seconds i spotted this statue a whole guy stepped off from inside the statue . 
  that 's really look like a shitty satirical article . 
  uh , i think you are thinking of ` english breakfast ' . 
  continental breakfast is mostly pastry . 
  i mean , you could totally stuff yourself with pastry and cornflakes , but i do n't think this is what you were going for ... 
  i do n't know about portugal but italy and spain are about the same of the rest of western europe . 
  with 30-40 a day in rome you can just sleep . 
  maybe . 
  hey , romans here ( i love being able to say this !, 
  ) , how much time it was since the last time you were here ? 
  also , if you want to know something specific about the city ask me !, 
  with boxing gloves . 
  for extra pleasure . 
  during an elevator ride ? 
  talking about a quickie ... 
  god if it 's annoying this `` it 's not free '' . 
  yes we ** know it ** . 
  * everyone knows it * . 
  yes , maybe there are a couple of dofus out there that have no idea of the connection between government spending and taxes , but the other 99 % of us out there do know . 
  or `` free at the point of delivery '' , which is pretty accurate and contains the word `` free '' . 
  well , no , free to the point of delivery means that you , `` the user '' , are not paying directly to the `` server '' ( not 100 % sure this is the right word , but i think you got what i mean ) . 
  you do pay to your gym administration , and you do pay to the private school administration . 
  in a free to the delivery point system you pay your taxes and then you are fully covered . 
  there is never a direct exchange of money between you and an hospital or a doctor . 
  before we go on , i want to make clear one thing : saying that the system is free * is * a semplification ( even if , as i said , the system is `` free to the point of delivery '' ) . 
  i was saying that is annoying when people says that `` it 's not free , you pay taxes '' implying that :, 
  * you are too stupid to know that government spending come from taxation, 
  * your whole opinion on the topic of healthcare is based on one semantic mistake , and you will drop that as soon as they point out that `` you pay taxes '' . 
  you are totally rigth , but if you have a seriously broken immune system basically everything which can pass throug a physical barrier will kill you . 
  i mean , if the physical barriers do n't work and the whole immune system does n't exists anymore there is litterally nothing to stop them . 
  sure , just pm me to make me notice it !,
