  uhm , not really . 
  i do n't know about the pledge , but fascism is specifically ultra nationalist . 
  the nation is the entity from where everything came , being the physical rapresentation of the will of the people . 
  fascism need a strong leader , and people are asked to believe in that leader , absolutely , but the nation is still more important than the leader . 
  mussolini was kicked out of office by a a vote of the `` high council of fascism '' , the fact that the leader could be kicked out was a perfectly legal option for them . 
  obviously nobody was going to use it when mussolini still had the support of his generals , because nobody would have been able to enforce it , but it 's not like the option did not exist . 
  italian news absolutely talked about russia . 
  source : i 'm italian it has been on every newspaper and news . 
  nonsense we are humans . 
  how do you do fellows human ? 
  doing human stuff ? 
  i do love doing human stuff . 
  usually personal names are n't translated . 
  but sometime a name is more than a name . 
  if the author hid an hint to something in a name , then it may make sense tro traslate it . 
  translation is the job of giving to anyone the same feelings when reading a text . 
  obviously this is not an easy choice , and you have to decide on a case by case system based on the whole context of the book . 
  no , they finished the restoration works a couple of months ago . 
  no it wans ' t the first snow in decades , but it was the first snow in decades that actually covered the city . 
  a bit of snow that melts shortly after touching the ground happens very rarely , like once in 3-4 years , but it happens . 
  that time the whole city was covered in snow for a couple of days , and that did n't happen in decades . 
  i 'm sorry , but a forced hospitalization is usually heavily regulated ( here in italy you can have it only if 2 different doctors * and * the mayor of the city you are agree on it ) so i would really like to have more information on what happened , because right now i see only two options :, 
  1 ) the laws in your country really sucks and you should change it asap . 
  2 ) the guy was in a full psichosis and does n't remember what he was * actually * doing . 
  again , i 'm not trying to disrepect anybody here , is just that a forced hospitalization , and for 2 weeks ! , it 's really an extreme measure . 
  then you really have to change your laws . 
  i do n't know , i 'm just now re-reading the fellowship of the ring and gandalf clearly says that since gollum did n't use the ring for a long time when he was in the mountain it could n't finish its job . 
  the way gandalf phrased it seemed to mean that if you just own the ring but do n't use it , it needs way more time to completely consume you . 
  we are not talking about turning bad , we are talking about being turned in something alike the ring-wraiths . 
  gandalf explicetely says that that is the end point of having the ring for too much , you basically can not escape the `` invisible '' form anymore . 
  this always confuse me . 
  i can get why no italians because i get that that is more a `` only germanic people are white '' sorta of thing , but irish ? 
  they speak english and are as pale as it gets . 
  ok , but he said `` white '' , not '' wasp '' . 
  it 's because you are applying the phrase out of its context . 
  you are perfectly right that in those cases you can prove a negative , but you ca n't prove it everytime . 
  maybe this is a better phrase to understand the concept : `` absence of evidence is not evidence of absence '' . 
  this means that if i ca n't find evidence of something it does n't mean that the opposite is true . 
  to put it more clearly , in order to know that something * is * i have to examine a definite set of possibilities : the glass in on the table ? 
  yes , because my set of possibilities are the entire superfice of the table , which is finite . 
  even if this table is really huge , let 's say that it cover the whole of texas , eventually i will be able to examine all of it : it 's still finite . 
  but in order to know that something * is n't * i have to examine all the possibilities that can exist . 
  and sometime the possibilities are infinite , and thus you can not ever examine all of that . 
  why the hell people act so grossed out when someone link this sub . 
  we have all seen enough porn to know that a sharpie in a but is pretty tame . 
  countless video of people spitting and prolapse everywhere , and a sharpie is what makes people go wtf ? 
  this is in the philipines , 140 $ are a shitload of money there . 
  he probably still has 90-80 % of the 140 $ after the expenses . 
  also this is a unknow island , is not like he can sell it to milionares . 
  if he washed it properly and it still stunk shortly after a shower he may have had a std . 
  having phimosis and not taking care of it it 's not `` washing it properly '' . 
  just yesterday i was walking at night near a neigbourhood that is full of pub and nightlife in my city , when 4 american girls approchead me and asked me where a certain pub was . 
  i gave them the direction and one of them was so excited that she hugged me to thanks me . 
  so my question is , i guess that the girl was particularly outgoing and this is n't standard behaviour , but how unusual it is ? 
  i mean for an american hugging a stranger that helped you is `` a bit unusual '' or `` a lot unusual '' ? 
  i 'm italian and we are famous for being very physical , but hugging a stranger is way too much even for us . 
  for the first time in my life i 've met a girl who was able to give me a blowjob without making me feeling her teeth . 
  guys , we found the guy that give her that card . 
  edit : guys , stop downvoting . 
  i do n't mean `` guys on dating site are creepy '' , i mean '' the ones who are creepy are because this and that '' . 
  i use dating site myself . 
  because they are incredibly creepy . 
  people who are not exactly ok in their head do exists . 
  the problem is that we are used to think that you can be completely sane or a complete madman who can not speak coherently . 
  in reality a lot of people with mental health problem are not like that , and they show their problem only in some situations . 
  so you can have a guys who seems absolutely fine and then you say something that `` trigger '' him and he go full psychiatric . 
  or maybe they are `` ok '' enough to use a computer and be on a dating site , but their ilness makes them unable to properly socialize . 
  clhamydia and gonhorrea for sure . 
  probably even others , but these two are the `` big ones '' . 
  phimosis makes hygiene a bit harder because you have to carefully wash under the skin instead of just pulling the foreskin back and putting water and soap on it and then rinse , but that 's it . 
  you ca n't have hygiene problems unless is a very very bad case of phimosis , but if you have that you will be at your doctor 's door the first time you have an erection , because it will hurts . 
  you can have hygiene problem if litterally nobody told you what to do with a phimosis . 
  but that 's a whole other kind of problem . 
  so i guess she was drunk then , ahaha, 
  a group of people ca n't get laid and then proceeds to rationalize that saying that they can not get laid because women are basically evil and society is against them . 
  the most extreme people there actually believe that rape should be acceptable because a man has his needs or something like that . 
  hmm , not in italy . 
  there is no registration tax here . 
  the guy was just doing a ( bad ) joke about taxes . 
  well , the movies cut a big chunk of the lore that is in the books . 
  grindewald being caught so easily is a bit strange , but is easily explained : according to the lore he was defeated by dumbledore in 1945 , while fantastic beast takes place in 1926 . 
  that 's 20 years before he supposedly was at his peak , at the time he probably was n't that powerful . 
  also for what we see in the movie he did n't have already the elder wand . 
  where jk said that he was still a young man ? 
  ( i 'm honestly asking , i do n't remember ) . 
  elder wand or not , i seriously doubt that he was left to wander around europe for more than 20 years if he was that powerful from the start . 
  then , i mean , i was caught with the effort of a lot of top brass macusa official , the battle was like 15 of the most skilled auror ( do they call them auror in the usa ? ), 
  against him , and he was still able to fend most of the attack ... 
  he was already quite powerful and skilled , he just was n't in the `` top 3 '' at the time . 
  windows is built with `` your mom is using it '' idea , this means that if you want to do some more complex things you have to go trough some extra hops . 
  it 's nothing terribly difficult , but on linux i can literally write a single command line , go take a piss and when i 'm back it 's all done and running . 
  i do n't think that they could do that without being sued for abuse of dominant position ( not sure if this is the correct translation ) . 
  there are no country that are dependant on germany wellfare ... 
  so a normal friday night on summer in a touristic european city ? 
  this is what i do n't get of their development plan . 
  they released a game that was basically a beta . 
  why could n't they wait to have a better product before release ? 
  he said compiled , not translated . 
  during the first centuries of christianity existed several texts and gospels , and at a point the church decided to study which one was ok and which one was n't . 
  the bible was a collection of church approved texts about god and jesus .
