  and the game mechanichs are very solid . 
  if that was the case it would be fixed extremely easily . 
  but there is no evidence of hormones imbalances . 
  i mean , you can check for that with a simple blood test . 
  this is n't actually italian , but roman slang ( as in , of the city of rome ) but to say `` i 'm not going to do what you expect me to do '' i can say `` te piscio '' which litterally means `` i piss you '' . 
  and no , i did not forget `` on '' , it 's '' i piss you '' . 
  nah , i do n't go often at the beach and i 've seen women sunbathing topless a good amount of time . 
  of course is not a `` everyday '' thing , and no , they wo n't go around the entire beach topless ( they just sunbathes ) but it totally happens . 
  as an italian the idea that for you switzerland is `` south europe '' is amusing . 
  i mean , 10k for the right for someone as famous as palahniuk seems a pretty good deal to me . 
  actually as long as ad cpr is done correctly for the entire time 30 minutes without a pulse is bad but not extremely bad . 
  yes , and you really do n't have to go that further . 
  when we use a local anhestetic we know that the patient is not feeling pain , since he is awake . 
  while general anesthesia is different , the underliying biochemistry is more or less the same . 
  also , as other said we monitor the heart rate and other vitals , if someone would be in pain something would tell us . 
  tents are not cheap , why should everyone choose to just levae it there ? 
  guys , i 'm pretty sure that he is not talking about the weather app on his phone . 
  it will probably need a speciale service which is able to give much more information . 
  and that service will register tha they are connected . 
  i know a guy who say to have done that . 
  i 'm still not sure that this is possibile without going , like , 5 mp/h in straight road . 
  not a date , but just yesterday tinder matched me with a girl that was absolutely obese . 
  no chubby , or whatever , straigth out obese . 
  since sure as hell i did n't swipe right on that one , ever , i 'm pretty sure that this was a prank where someone changed the picture of some girl to those of an obese girl and then swipe right to everyone . 
  i mean this is not ever a case of `` you were drunk and swiped right '' , the girl in the pictures was a whale . 
  probably the safest thing would be to become a priest . 
  ( not a monk , since they lived a life waaay to secluded and strict for my taste ), 
  yes , you do not know latin , but so did n't everybody else before the seminary . 
  plus you already know how to read and write , which puts you ahead of a lot of people so it seems unlikely that they will turn you down . 
  just pretend to be a guy in a pilgrimage from a far away town that received the call while in that city , and you will have a very good chanche of living a long and relatively easy life . 
  the only problem would be the lack of sex ... 
  but it would still be better than working 12 hours in the field or something like that . 
  i 'm not expert on the matter , at all , but i think that it come from the fact that in the 2010 's period sennheiser were the only brand to sell quality headphones at a `` common user '' price . 
  quality of cheap headphones skyrocketed in the last years , i remember clearly when buying just a 15 euros earphones was a huge improvement over the ones that came with your phone/ipod . 
  you could hear background instrument that you never heared before in a song . 
  now immagine that at the same time a company started selling , at about 30-40 euros earphones that sounded * even * better ... 
  tl ; dr until some years ago sennheiser 's earphones had an incredible price/quality ratio . 
  it goes even further than this , a full moon is * bright * . 
  we do n't notice this because we have artificial lighting , but a full moon makes the night less dark . 
  this would had an huge impact on the population living in the moon-less lands since it would significantly worsen the chanches of sucessfull hunting during the winter . 
  it could seriously change the birthplace of the first civilizations . 
  rockstar is reverse valve . 
  nah , it 's probably because you guys do n't have real competition . 
  trains are definetely an option in most countries , because when you factor the time you spend in the airport for check-in , security and whatnot , the time you spend traveling become about the same . 
  same time + same price = serious competition . 
  then we have buses , that thanks to some companies are making an huge come back offering very low prices for long travels . 
  i mean , it 's not comfortable to spend 3 hours in a bus , but hey , 10 euros to go to florence ? 
  i can endure 3 hours . 
  planes have serious competition here , so they have to improve themselves . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but i 'm under the impressiona that your only choice are planes or an incredibly long travel ... 
  so basically only planes . 
  100 $ for connection between major european cities ? 
  if you are talking about flying in * and * flying out that is ok . ( you probably can find it cheaper , but let 's do an average ), 
  then it 's way too much for a budget airlines . 
  ( excoet for dublin . 
  do n't ask me why but flying to dublin seems to be incredibly expansive ), 
  god luck convincing even redditors . 
  i said that a couple of times , and everytime my comment was downvoted like hell . 
  someone who i called friend decided that it was ok to have sex with a `` fuck buddy '' i had at the time , while she was incredibly drunk . 
  we were `` fuck buddy '' so the problem was n't the sex . 
  it was because he was my friend , and i have talked a lot with him about her . 
  he knew about us , but decided that hitting on her while she was very , very drunk was somehow ok . 
  i do n't have any resentment towards her , really , she was the one to tell me what happened the day after . 
  i 've seen her very drunk , many times , i have no problem in believing her when she says that she do n't even remember it happening and she just have some flashes . 
  my resentment is towards him , who fully knew the situation and decided to take advantage of it . 
  why the fuck half the comments here are about trump . 
  there is no chanche in hell that a 1b investment was even just * proposed * to fiat board less than 1 year ago . 
  ehm ... what ? 
  this is how a business plan is done , not a prediction . 
  a 1b investment is huge , it need months of planning . 
  do n't ask me way , but it 's the golden compass everywhere except for the uk . 
  this is either a case of everyone buying the rights from the american editor for some strange deal , or pullman himself that decided to change the title . 
  you do n't hear it because the bulk is in , i do n't know how to call it in english , `` the middleware '' . 
  i mean stuff like engine for various machine , specific part of those machine ... and then there is the chemicals sector ( do n't forget that stuff like plastics come from there ) . 
  we also have a small but not trivial production of drugs , and this is really a sad story since some decades ago the drugs sector was way stronger and could have really grown to became big , but they screwed up some business decisions at the times , and they shrinked . 
  also do n't forget that giants like luxottica , ferrero and fiat are italians companies . 
  then of course there is all the stuff that you guys were expecting like agriculture , luxury stuff and tourism . 
  the very good ghibli movies were the one from the 80 ' / 90 ' . 
  princess mononoke , laputa and such are masterpiece of animation . 
  5cm per second is n't a ghibli movie . 
  you are looking at it from the wrong direction . 
  if the proof was illegal you can not use it to prove that someone is guilty . 
  you have to find other evidences , or the guy will be ruled not-guilty . 
  you have to be proven guilty beyond any reasonable doubt , the idea is that is more ethical to take the risk to have a criminal be free than to put an innocent in prison . 
  i 'm more interessed in the 7 dollar tax . 
  is n't that a 5 % tax ? 
  it seems incredibly low to me for this kind of product . 
  if i 'm not wrong , that tidus is leon chiro , a very famous italian cosplayer who recently was able to actually be hired from the sh to cosplay for publicity stunt . 
  this was one of his first , or maybe the very first , cosplay he did . 
  fun fact : some friends of mine went to his same highschool , he legally changed his name to leon , but his family is from romania , his name was dragos . 
  ( do n't know about the spelling ), 
  actually there is a solution : engraving a code on the frame of the bike , a code that has to be written on a public register . 
  this way they can not sell the whole bike since it 's would be very risky to sell a stolen one . 
  he takes care of him while his father has to work during the night . 
  `` i make a lot of noise '', 
  holy fucking shit she was n't kidding , it was almost like in a porn . 
  during her orgasm it was exactly like in a porn , so much that ( we were in an hotel ) someone somewhere outside the room started clapping . 
  i would like to tell you that this was because of me , but she simply yell like a banshee during sex . 
  what rationed care and tough end of life care decisions are you talking about ? 
  nah , it was in italy .
