  this would have blocked the fascists for good ? 
  no , probably not . 
  but they could have been pushed back , opening several different paths for history . 
  i think that you have been mislead by the term `` fascist '' . 
  i 'm using it as in the proper term of member of mussolini 's party , the partito nazionale fascista , not as a general word for right leaning extremist . 
  germany or whichever has nothing to do with this . 
  i have accepted that i did not came out of my childhood unaffected . 
  my parents , while they * do * love me , are basically verbally abusive assholes . 
  not in the `` call your son a c * nt '' way , but in a lot of other ways . 
  i 've been humiliated in public by them , i 'm belittled at every occasion and is always , always my fault . 
  i have to literally shower with cold water sometime , in winter , because they do n't believe me when i say that the water runs cold . 
  my father told to a room full of people that that nasty zit on my nose ( it was a little cyst , we discovered afterward ) was beacuse i never use soap . 
  he was n't jocking , he was dead serious , he was angry at me . 
  i was 17 yo . 
  17 fucking yo and your father tells strangers that you do n't use soap . 
  it 's fucking humiliating . 
  i have reached a point where if my mother come to me complaining about something annoying my father did or said to her , the only thing that i can think is `` this serves you well '' . 
  oh yes , on a logical level i see why she is upset . 
  but i ca n't relate to her , i ca n't help myself to think about all the time * she * did something wrong to me . 
  and there were numerous times . 
  i could go on a lot . 
  nowaday i suffer of anxiety , have a lot of tic , have a light form of ocd and if i 'm very stressed i stutter . 
  i may be occasionally depressed , i do n't want to do a self-diagnosis since i have n't yet talked with a professional about this one . 
  i have come to accept that all this came from my relationship with them . 
  i have accepted that they are n't just `` a bit shittier than the average '' . 
  they are bad parents who have greatly affected my mental health . 
  ( and two very shitty teachers in elementary school just madre thing worse ), 
  i have come to accept that i need professional help to overcome all this . 
  during those 6 month i was actually following a diet , one from a professional , so unless there was some serious fuck up i 'm pretty sure that i was n't over-eating my execercises . 
  every doctor i have seen have already told me that i should n't lose more weight , actually . 
  i mean , a couple of kg will probably be fine , but no more . 
  i 'm in no way questioning what you are saying , beacuse i have no data about this , but i have to ask : why i read this stuff only when we are taking about the us ? 
  it seems something that pop up every time healtcare in the us is discussed , but i have never read something like that about another country . 
  it is really such a big problem that everyone talk about it ? 
  i mean , people trying to skip a line by calling an ambulance * do * probably exists everywhere , but it seems that in the states it is a way bigger problem . 
  i think that 's this is normal for most of europe . 
  here in italy prostitution * is * legal , it 's not legal if a third party profit from it . 
  this obviously means that being a prostitute and being 100 % ok with the law is actually very hard : you should have to work all alone and in your own home ( because whoever rented your home could be accused of earning a profit by your activity ) . 
  and then there is the matter of taxes , which is a very grey area and i honestly have no idea on how things exactly work . 
  maybe is better to say that prostitution is depenalized and is in a grey area of the law , but it 's not illegal . 
  at those time it was a safe bet that every one of the prostitute , or at least 99 % of them were not doing it by choiche . 
  there was a real human-traficking ring . 
  it still does still exists nowaday , actually . 
  if you see a `` street prostitute '' which can barely speak your language , there is almost certanly a lot of * very * shady stuff going on . 
  things like woman convinced to move to another country for a better job and then forced into prostitution by having their passport confiscated , or african girls who are told that they have thugs back in africa ready to kill her family if she escape . 
  those are very real things that happen right now . 
  actually the immacolate conception refers to mary 's birth , not jesus ' . 
  it her who was birth without the original sin . 
  jesus was not really human , so no original sin . 
  it was the name of the guy who was banging his wife . 
  the only one who seems to me somewhat difficult to pronuounce is sacr\u00e9-c\u0153ur . 
  but i 'm italian , so i guess it is easier for me ... 
  seriously , it 's not just an uk-usa thing , is more an eu-usa thing . 
  you guys tend to be way more direct , even for south-europe standard 's . 
  if i 'm in a pub and someone is chatting with everyone , even strangers , 4 out of 5 time he is from the usa . 
  it 's not a bad thing * per se * , it 's just strange to us . 
  i may be wrong , but i think that the first injection is in fact a sedative . 
  have you tried a `` free flux '' car sharing service , like car2go ? 
  here in italy they got pretty popular since a year ago in rome and milan . 
  yep , first rule guys : if someone is telling you that they have/give multiple orgasms every time , they are lying . 
  achieving multiple orgasms is highly related to the mood , stress levels and how much you are physically tired . 
  no way that a woman can have the perfect level of those 3 things every single time , no matter how good you or your partner are . 
  mmm , as far as i know ( i have been trained on cpr ) mouth to mouth is effective , but exchange of o2/co2 will happen by gradient on it 's own , so it 's not indispensable , but everything that can help to have a better ratio of gas exchange in the lungs is good . 
  because you have to analyze an incredible quantity of data to do a good prediction . 
  and you have to be able to collect the data . 
  you literally have to calculate billions and billions of tiny particles will move . 
  currently this is simply too much for our technology . 
  we can estimate it , and usually we are good at it ( if i 'm not wrong we have an 80 % accuracy rate for a 48h time span ) , but we are not even close to have computers fast enough to do the calculations quickly . 
  ( and we are n't 100 % ok with the theoretical stuff either ), 
  i would wish to have an 8 inches penis . 
  so now he has a 16 inches penis , which is a monstruous thing that is absolutely useless in sex , looks very gross and probably his body ca n't pump enough blood in it to have an erection . 
  oh , also he would have very serious problem finding pants that fits him . 
  the correlation between body hair / beard and dht level is not really that strong . 
  there is truth in it , finasteride works by partially inhibiting your capacity to turn testosterone in dht , but is far from a 1:1 correlation . 
  ( this is way we do not have a 100 % effective anti-baldness drug . 
  finasteride itself works in a `` eh , if you are lucky the hair loss will stop '' ), 
  wait , you should talk with your dermatologist . 
  finasteride * is * effective at stopping hair loss , it 's just that if the hair/dht correlation was 1:1 it would be 100 % effective , which is n't . 
  do not dump finasteride without talking about the pro and cons with your doctor , only a professional can address your fear of the side effect . 
  it should be a problem of detection , also . 
  it is possible that cancer is discovered only during the autopsy . 
  in other parts of europe the legal age for consent is 14 ( with a couple of caveats ) . 
  in spain it is 13 if i 'm not wrong . 
  you are actually the conservative guys here for once . 
  stage iv cancer ? 
  wow ... 
  it must had been a real fight . 
  wait , your doctor tested you first for tumors and fibroid and only then he checked your glucose and insuline level ? 
  did he give you some reason for this , like you have an history of cancer in the family or something about that ? 
  because checking glucose tolerance ( and thyroid hormones level ) should be the first thing to try . 
  tbh your cancer may had been already on the tipping point . 
  lymph nodes are the first to fall when cancer spread . 
  you have hipotiroidism , get checked . 
  until 2 years ago i was fat , not obese but clearly fat . 
  after i started the treatment i begun to lose kg with almost no effort at all . 
  i lost 21 kg , and now i look way , way better than before . 
  the fun part is that apparently i 'm one of those guy that can eat everything without getting fat . 
  ( yes , the dosage of the drug is correct ), 
  is a safe assumption to say that not being a fat teenager would have changed my life at least a bit . 
  probably more than a bit .
