  this is a problem only for you guys in the states who have an age of consent at 18 . 
  in most other countries the average is 14-15 with some caveats ( no people in position of power , like a teacher ) . 
  the problem is enforcement of the will of the parties . 
  the fighters should be able to drop out of a fight at any moment . 
  how do you enforce that ? 
  who is going to stop a guy in full rage when the other want to stop ? 
  `` not as bad ad isis '' is a really low bar to set . 
  most serial killers fit the role . 
  wait , what fighting gym ? 
  you ca n't go to florence and do n't go to the uffizi . 
  for rome , if you like architecture the city itself is a museum , just stroll in the historical centre and you can not go wrong . 
  if you like art noveau check out the copped\u00e8 neighbourhood !, 
  if i had to go to only 1 museum i would go to the vatican museum , but check if you can also be interested in the `` musei capitolini '' , they have a huge collection of art from the roman and renaissment age . 
  if you like more modern art the place to be are two , the galleria nazionale d'arte moderna or the palazzo delle esposizioni . 
  the latter one usually has temporary collections , so it really depends on when you are in rome . 
  there is absolutely no way in hell that 4chan has been up for so long without they having a direct line with the fbi . 
  there are recorded cases of child pornography and murders there , it 's way more than enough to put moot under investigation ; maybe then cleared , but investigated for sure . 
  but as far as i know he never had serious legal problems . 
  the only way this can happen is if he made a deal with the fbi early on to segnale to them such cases . 
  police get involved for skipping school 1 day earlier for an holiday ? 
  really ? 
  that seems unecessary strict and a bit hard to believe . 
  i remember kids doing this and just telling the teacher that they will miss the last day from school before an holiday because they leave 1 day earlier . 
  it 's not like it was an everyday occurence or that the teachers were happy about it , but nothing more of a `` whatever '' came out it . 
  to have police involved you need to skip class without a reason for weeks . 
  wait , are we talking about skipping school or leaving school ? 
  because they are two vastly different things . 
  if a kids is in school and then go missing , every school in the world would look for him/her and then call the police . 
  but if you just do not show up at school they may simply ask for a written explanation the next day . 
  that how is done here in italy , if you do not not show up your parents have to write you a signed `` excuse '' for the days you missed school . 
  it 's illegal to deny a service for what you are , but not for how you act . 
  if a patient came in with a huge swastika tatooed on his chest , i can not turn him down . 
  but if he start to act aggressively i can refuse service , because i have to assure my safety as first thing . 
  the first step of * any * emergency service is asking `` it is safe for me to intervene ? '', 
  and if the answer is no you do n't intervene . 
  the video seems to play without any cut , so it probably was a test mode . 
  i 've literally checked that 10 minutes ago , the stats were the same before and after the level up . 
  maybe just some of them go up ? 
  or is the hp/mp max ? 
  you could survive , sure , but not really `` live '' . 
  it 's very different to speak english on a `` i need it for my job '' level and to a `` everyday chat '' level . 
  you would miss so much if you do n't speak the language that i would not be very funny . 
  i think that they fixed that bug with the cleopatra expansion , if i recall correctly . 
  actually a yearly check up in an healty patient is not advised by current guidelines . 
  the idea is that you can almost always find a value slightly over or under , an organ with some slight imperfection or whatever , and you will start poking around triyng to fix that exposing yourself to more risks than it 's worth . 
  that 's actually somewhat correct . 
  it was widespread among homosexuals males because anal sex is at risk , so calling aids that would be actually less insulting ... 
  even if i realize that that guest was not thinking about that ... 
  that 's what everybody thought . 
  data said to us that this is n't the case . 
  and then if the patient , any patient , get scared how do you stop him/her to look for a doctor willing to do an useless thing ? 
  they are not normal in the sense that they have * even more * ways to find another doctor . 
  cut that red pill bullshit out . 
  are you ... are you really writing like you are in a b-movie ? 
  i have better things to do . 
  in italy andrea is a male name . 
  in a lot of place is a female one . 
  a localization is just a translation that change some un-translatable things . 
  this alleged differentiation between translation and localization has popped out of the web recently , it came out of nowhere . 
  if you change the text without putting an equivalent there , you are doing a bad translation not a localization . 
  no , talking ex cathedra is a precise rite that the pope has to follow when delivering a speech . 
  only then it is considered inffalible . 
  it used to proclaim a new dogma in the faith usually . 
  the last time a pope spoke ex cathedra was in 1854 if i am not wrong , is mostly a relict of older times that is extremely unlikely to be used again . 
  are you sure it was welsh ? 
  i remember greek . 
  she is leaning a little towards the camera in the picture , so she seems shorter than she actually is . 
  because the idea of powerful the roman empire was remaneid in the people for a long time . 
  it 's not like after the last emperor was deposed suddenly everyone forgot about it . 
  the wanted to establish a link between them and the roman empire . 
  this is an educated guess ( medical student here ) , but still a guess . 
  we have some evidence that an antidepressant cause a downregulation of some brain activity . 
  this means that the drug per se does n't cause a direct effect on the brain , but it trigger a chain of events that cause a change in the brain . 
  this change take some time to fully happen . 
  it does n't `` know '' it . 
  is just that its 3d conformation make it able to bind only to that specific primer . 
  it bind only when it randomly touch that , and does nothing all the time it randomly touch other things . 
  i was talking about tolkien preferences in languages , not about sindarin and quenya . 
  when i was in high scool ( not in the usa ) i had a classmate who came from a very large family , he was the first of eight sons/daughters . 
  his family was neocatechumenal , and as far as i know the `` very large family '' is a common thing among them . 
  after some time it was clear that his `` lifestyle '' whas that of someone who have barely enough money to have a `` city '' life . 
  he did most of the thing that we did , but sometime he where short on money , sometime he did n't go out for dinner and just came after it to save money , and as soon as he was old enough he took a part time job in order to be able to do a summer holiday . 
  and he was lucky to be the first son , because he could choose all his own clothes . 
  his younger sibilings had to wear his used clothes , at least in part . 
  the `` problem '' here is that his parents had perfectly normal job . 
  but they had too many sons/daughters . 
  now my question is for religious people : do you think that this is something to be happy about , something normal ? 
  i 'm in no way saying this as an accusation , i 'm just curious . 
  i mean , he was not living a bad life , he was happy , it 's just that the situation always seemed odd to me . 
  to me the whole `` love your offspring '' is about giving them the best quality of life possible , but apparently for them it means cutting a lot of corners in order to make room for another son . 
  i have not used an ati/amd card since a lot of years ago , now i 'm thinking about upgrading my current configuration and it would be nice to know how the drivers work . 
  are they as good as the nvidia ones ? 
  are they easily installed by ubuntu system as the nvidia ones ? 
  or are they better ? 
  edit : i use a x64 configuration . 
  war is ugly ( and it never changes ) . 
  but sometimes even console war can be a bit ugly . 
  i 've read incredibile flames , thread full of people throwing shit at eachother in a way that would cause a monkey to blush , and all over a gaming cosole . 
  and sometime you read a post and find something quite mirable , a bullshit so huge that you have to stand back and admire it , in respect . 
  so , what is the one really absurd rumor that you heard in a console war thread ?
