  long story short , she was n't able to get my sheet signed . 
  i had a lot of thing on my mind that day , and replied to her rudely . 
  she is quite an aggressive girl , and replied rudely to me . 
  yeah , you know where this is going . 
  we ended up having a very bad argument , and now we hardly talk to each other anymore . 
  the worst part is that i was absent for a totally trivial thing . 
  i could had easily re-scheduled that and gone to give the sheet to the teacher myself . 
  but i tought `` she can do that for me , what can happen ? 
  yeah , right ? 
  it 's not like we have a reference country to watch what happens . 
  it sucks , right ? 
  a continent or two where ambulance are paid by the taxes could come handy , but unfortunately we have to just imagine . 
  better play safe , rigth ? 
  mental ilness do exist . 
  even if i got your point , i feel that is extremely misleading putting it that way . 
  a clear cut line does exist , and you * will * spot people who are beyond that line . 
  you said it better than me . 
  even if it is true that caffeine can give an addiction , i would like to point out that we ingest very little caffeine , despise what most people think . 
  cofee and coke do n't contain that much caffeine , they actual have just a tiny amount in them . 
  people who say that drinking a cofee `` makes them running '' or that they can not drink a glass of coke past 8 or they wo n't sleep , are just under a psycological effect . 
  you should drink a lot of cofee a day to have that effect on you body , or should drink some * very * heavy caffeinated `` energy '' soda . 
  and you should drink coke shortly before you go to sleep ( and more than one glass ) to have problems falling asleep , because caffeine is metabolized by your body rather quickly . 
  do you guys know that this whole `` sugar makes kids hyper '' is an all-american thing ? 
  no one has ever heard of it in europe , or the rest of the world afaik , so no one ever said that their kids are hyper after giving them sugar . 
  hi , just dropping this very useful website for you !, 
  the info are quite up-to-date , but i have n't checked every bit of it . 
  where are you staying near termini ? 
  as in many city the area just next to termini is not the nicest part of rome , and late at night can be a bit dangerous . 
  yeah , that 's was my point . 
  430 is not cheap for 5 night , but in a place like that , yes it is . 
  this is way i 'm still skeptical . 
  i agree , orvieto is beautiful and an easy trip from rome !, 
  the duomo is simply stunning and the town is very nice and `` typical '' . 
  i also agree that you should go to villa adriana , and villa d'este in tivoli ( that 's the name of the `` fountain places '' ) . 
  if you have some spare time , go for villa adriana and d'este first , in tivoli there is also villa gregoriana , a smaller villa built as a `` romantic '' place , romantic as in the artistic movement , check it out on the web . 
  if you decide to go to tivoli , and decide to go to it by train ( you ca n't go to villa adriana by train , so you will probably go for the bus but ... the more you know !, 
  ) , here a little tip : near the end of the trip , you will know because you will met several tunnels , pay attention on your right . 
  after one of those tunnel you will have a very nice view of the old town on top of a rock , and beneath of the old town a series of small waterfalls !, 
  it 's very easy to miss it , since it will be just 5 or 6 second before the next tunnel !, 
  ( this is a very old photo , it 's not exactly like this now , but is close to it http://www.angelotrusiani.it/cascatelle_tivoli%201935.jpg ), 
  ok , but 3-6 month camping ? 
  that 's way too much time for camping . 
  that the offer is worth it . 
  that there is n't some major drawback , like is cheap but is in a shady neighborhood . 
  well , of course . 
  i have already another hotel on my list , but i 'm still hoping that a group of redditors from prague will show up saying that all is fine and that i 'm a lucky guy . 
   mecenate palace hotel, 
  oh , do n't worry , the area you are staying is fine . 
  i was talking about the street just next to the station . 
  as a rule of thumb , in many cities ( at least in europe , but i think everywhere ) the streets sourrounding a train station are n't the best place to book an hotel . 
  they can get a bit shady late at night , especially if you do look like tourists . 
  as i said , the area where you are staying is fine . 
  just remember that if you have to walk to your hotel to the station ( or vice versa ) late at night is safer to exit the station from the `` piazza dei cinquecento '' side ( is the one with the bus station ) and then going down `` via cavour '' . 
  your hotel will be behind the huge basilica . 
  let me know if you need some other info on the area !, 
  no , they are starting right now a big restauration of the fountain . 
  they just built a special `` glass bridge '' to let tourist at least see more closely the fountain . 
  here a pic . 
  they started several restauration working in the last two years . 
  the most prominent are the one on the coliseum and this one on the trevi fountain . 
  it sucks for tourists , but it had to be done . 
  the tritone fountain in piazza barberini has been cleaned the last year , and trust me the difference is incredibile . 
  the marble is so white that it almost blind you . 
  before the cleaning it was greyish and mold-green . 
  they are cleaning the fountain in front of the spaninsh step ... but maybe you are talking about the scaffolding on the church on top of the step . 
  you have been a little unlucky then , that was a `` quick '' work . 
  i ca n't remember any scaffolding on the roman forum ... there are some on the via dei fori imperiali , due to the digging for the new metro line , but not on the forums themselves ... 
  but `` we '' are founding it . 
  maybe you are talking about stem cells coming from a fetus ? 
  we ( mostly ) do not need them anymore . 
  ( again , mostly , not completely ), 
  oh god the angst thing . 
  really guys , why on american show the policemen are always incredibly angry ? 
  always . 
  whatever the crime is . 
  a pickpocket ? 
  a terrorist ? 
  a car thief ? 
  does n't matter which one is , the reaction will be a very angry guy with a dramatic face shouting . 
  the only partial exception i saw is ncis . 
  it 's annoying , really . 
  it 's like you have to show policemen as tough guy or nobody will take them seriously . 
  it 's look like they are just as aggressive as the criminal . 
  that 's because the phrase is about the law . 
  so everybody should be treated in the same way . 
  also , fairly is way too vague . 
  a fair treatmente may be considered unfair by you . 
  just a question , why american tourists seems to really , really care to visit the anne frank house/museum ? 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's an important historical place . 
  it 's just that when i hear `` we * must * go to the anne frank museum '' 9 out of 10 is an american saying that . 
  pizza is mostly a sinner meal in italy , not just rome . 
  it will be served at lunch , and italians will sometime eat it at lunch , but 99 % of the time is a dinner meal . 
  yeah , donating blood for money is mostly an usa thing ... 
  i 'm not sure but i think that is downright illegal in most places in the world . 
  but they give you a nice breakfast for free . 
  ( european style breakfast , croissant and cofee . ), 
  i could go on for a long time about my parents , but since the question seems to refer more to something that had an impact in how i behave now in my day-to-day life than to general nastyness , i will go for this one : they gave me a strong insecurity about other 's people reaction . 
  they were , and are still now , highly inconsistent on what will make them snap . 
  today this is ok , tomorrow it is not . 
  i can not really tell how they will react to possibly troublesome thing , so nowadays i just avoid to tell them such thing as much as possible .
