  i have seen * a lot * of foreigners moving their hands while talking , so what was the big deal ? 
  then i noticed that the difference is that our gesture has a meaning , while 9 times out of 10 when foreigners move their hands , their are just moving their hands around . 
  we have * specific * hand gesture to say a lot of things like `` we 'll talk about this later '' or `` that was perfect '' or the classic `` what the hell are you saying/doing '' . 
  and many more . 
  and we use them , a lot . 
  everybody uses them , unless we are in a formal situation . 
  please , please do n't do the `` finger twisting to the check '' gesture . 
  nobody do that anymore . 
  it looks cringey as hell , it 's litterally the equivalent of me coming to the states and making guns with my hands to greet people . 
  yeah , i explained it like shit , i 'm sorry . 
  basically , [ this one ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2009/7/7/1246962349579/learn-italian-gestures-pa-001.jpg?w=1010&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=max&amp;s=afa56f970858b5f1f7fd8ba1621434cb ) . 
  it 's the `` yummi ! '', 
  gesture , but nobody really use it . 
  maybe if you are talking to an infant . 
  ahaha , yes , the `` thigthening sphincter '' , as she called it , is totally used . 
  it 's the one at 1:12 in this video . 
  that 's a really good video if you are interested in italian gestures , even if it still contains the `` yummi '' gesture and the `` wonderfull '' gesture , who are really not used among italians anymore . 
  maybe ironically , but not seriously . 
  parlamento is the whole thing . 
  `` camera dei deputati '' ( delegates ' chamber ) is the lower house , while `` senato '' ( senate ) is the higher house . 
  as a whole the camera and the senato are the parlamento ( parliament ) . 
  so , i 'm interested in trying to do something like this picture http://payload404.cargocollective.com/1/19/639030/10396442/img_8024-modifier-2_1250.jpg, 
  i 'm not sure that i know exactly what i need . 
  do i need a fixed source light like a led panel , or the built in flash is enough for it ? 
  do i need some specific gear ? 
  i 've never found a very good source to learn to shoot in low key , do you have any ? 
  i have some difficult to recreate the `` totally black '' background in my picture . 
  it is custom everywhere in the world , actually . 
  i mean , most of the time you do not need to leave your car , but nobody will think anything about leaving the car if pulled over . 
  nothing too serious ( well , 90 % of the posts here are about rape and murder ... ) , but apparently my grandfather cheated on my grandmother with the daugther of a small local noble family . 
  i mean , they were n't legally noble anymore after the war since that was abolished , but still . 
  my grandfather was very good looking when he was young and they were a normal family from the people , so this sounds like a fairy tale ... 
  except for the fact that he was married and cheated on my grandmother . 
  my mother do the reverse thing . 
  she usually rephrase what you said in a manner that seems way more aggressive , or very different from what you said , and say that it does n't matter since the general sense was the same . 
  `` oh , you said that you could not care less about that ! '', 
  `` mom , i said that i 'm not interessed in that '', 
  `` well , that 's what i said , that you do n't want do that ! '', 
  it 's not the same thing , for fuck 's sake . 
  but he was always dubbed in italy also . 
  you never heard his real voice , excpet for the very last films he did some years ago . 
  i am a male , normal weight , and i ca n't feel almost anything if someone touches my nipples . 
  i start to feel it if they go rough on them , but otherwise i 'm almost not aware that they are touching a nipple . 
  if i touch the nipples myself , everthing is normal . 
  before you ask , i had both my breasts checked by a doctor with an colour-ecodoppler a year ago for a unrelated problem , and they are perfectly fine . 
  nobody expect a year to see a gp . 
  it 's simply not how things works . 
  also , the government do n't chose what to pay , this is simply not how a free at the point of delivery system works . 
  the hospital do what they have to do , then they give the bill to the public institutions that have to pay it . 
  the list for a transplant are long because there are not enough organs for everyone , and if you are very old you are put lower on that list than someone who is younger . 
  it was n't only because of the stairs , it was also because up to about 100 yearso ago if there was a fire and you lived at the 5th floor you were fucked . 
  a lot of them have really small penises , even for flaccid penis . 
  they do n't , because it 's * not * supposed to tears the bee 's abdomen apart . 
  it happens when they sting something with a particularly thick skin , like us . 
  or most mammals . 
  but they are not supposed to sting us , they are supposed to sting other insects . 
  when they sting what they are supposed to sting , they live . 
  when they try to sting something bigger , they have a good probability to die . 
  ( but they can survive ), 
  because during a prostate examination you need to * feel * the prostate . 
  you have to check for bumps and irregularities , but also if they are soft or hard and if they can move . 
  you ca n't do that unless you reach the prostate itself . 
  also , an unltrasound device is way bigger than a finger , and an mri would be spending a lot of money and keeping the machine busy while other examination that do not have an alternative can not be perfomed . 
  not exactly what op asked , but some time ago i was sleeping with a girl i was dating , when she started kicking me in her sleep . 
  like really kicking , i had to get out of the bed , wait some time standing and then get again in the bed . 
  the next morning i jockingly told her what happened and she smiled and told me in a very happy voice that she was sorry , but that kicking people while sleeping was something that she does when she is really comfortable with someone . 
  it was actually a very cute thing , even if yeah , she still literally kicked me out of the bed . 
  i always tough that all those story of people having a boner and having it stick in their pants like a tent was people exagerating for the comedic effect , or humble-bragging about the dimension of their dick . 
  i mean , i had erections like anyone , and they always looked like a bulge in my pants , nothing more ... 
  that is , until the day i bought some sligthly larger underwear . 
  i wore them , had a boner , and ta-daaaa !, 
  here it is the `` tent-like '' effect . 
  apparently the true story here is that a lot of you wear underwar that are too large . 
  that 's for gorilla warfare . 
  i 'm a student of medicine that volunteer in an student 's association that spread information about sexual health and hiv . 
  for some reason almost only girls and gay boys want to do that . 
  so for some people i must be gay , because you know , spreading information about how not to impregnate your girlfriend is totally gay . 
  but jokes on them , because that 's mean that i am often invited to parties ( we are still students after all ) where the are about 5 hetero male for 50 hetero girls . 
  it pays out , trust me . 
  it 's just a win win for everyone . 
  we few hetero boys have almost no competition , the homosexuals boy/girls can do what they want without any fear , and hetero girls knows that they will not be bothered because assholes stay away from our association because `` we are totally gay '' . 
  `` grow you beard , it will get you laid '', 
  i was in high school during the top of the `` boys must looks like girls '' period , you know the first zac efron , emo bands , the very first justin bieber ... 
  beard and body hair were out of the question . 
  now i have girls telling that i looks way sexier with a beard and a couple of girls i had sex with told me that they love their men with chest hairs . 
  this seems stupid now to read , but during high school i was made fun for my chest hair , a fucking lot . 
  now my hairs , would it be beard or body hair , help get me laid ... 
  it feels a bit unreal , i still am not completely comfortable to take my shirts off in public because of the mocking in high school . 
  i get uneasy everytime i heard my mum doing chores in my room . 
  there is litterally nothing there that would be a problem if found , but i still feel this strong sense of discomfort . 
  i grew up with my parents getting angry at the slightest thing , and my room is where there are my things . 
  thus if something is `` not ok '' there , it will be 100 % my fault . 
  because on hundreds of years other people built a very solid philosphical system behind jesus and muhammed . 
  religions are believe systems that take legittimacy from a supposed divine revelation . 
  very easily actually . 
  egypt was full of ancient stuff , but 99,999 % of them was common , everyday things . 
  and westerners were in a crazy for ancient egypt at the time , so a lot of people started dugging and selling to merchants . 
  a merchants with common funerary rolls from egypt in ohio would be like someone selling an actual kimono from japan at your local store . 
  unusual , expansive , but nothing strange . 
  you know , unless you have good reasons to know that the patient will be uncofortable with using the proper term ( e.g.
