  well , i guess i have a good carrer in front of me now . 
  thanks thread about a guy who had a testicle removed by mistake !, 
  spanking is still defendend because they think that they were spanked and grew up fine . 
  but nobody is arguing that spanking will cause an irremediable trauma on the kids . 
  we are saying that we know that spanking is not more effective than others non-violent educational method . 
  so why in the hell using pain on another person if * at best * has the same result of others methods ? 
  it exists the testosterone replacement therapy . 
  ( yes i know that it is hard to find the right exact level ), 
  my point is not that this is a good deal per se . 
  obviously it is n't . 
  but if this * already * happened to you , it 's probably the case of `` removed the wrong organ '' with the best quality of life , plus money . 
  everything else that i can think of would require you to need a transplant , and a life costantly under immunosoppressing drugs has more problems . 
  but mussolini did not turn the italian economy ... 
  this is actually the main reason why italy did so poorly in ww2 . 
  the country industrial system was nowhere developed enough to substain a war this long . 
  mussolini knew it , this is way he waited to enter the war . 
  he wanted to be sure that germany was strong enough to win in a relatively short time . 
  this . 
  there is only one way to maintain such absolute power for that long , either if you are a dictator or a king . 
  you have to improve at least a bit the condition of some group of people . 
  usually this means the people that can keep you in power , so the military and the people who own/run industries and land . 
  there is a reason why some country in africa have a coup , then after 5 years another coup , then after 3 another one ... 
  you did n't became dictator because you are a villain with super powers . 
  you became a dictator because you convinced enough of the people who have tanks and money that their live will improve under your rule . 
  you fail to do that , you are deposed . 
  as an italian , this sound like bullshit . 
  words as common as left or right would have arosed in any dialect why before the whole `` gesticulating a lot '' existed . 
  is not like we have report of people in the middle age talking about how italians moved their hands . 
  neither did i. 
  he did not start to turn italian economy , there is not a single field where he did better than the previous regime . 
  i do n't know how popular this kind of conspiracy is now , but apparently decades ago was common : putting things in the water system . 
  like a virus , or a drug , or lsd or whatever . 
  the flaw is in one word : diluition . 
  everything you put in the water would be so diluited when it would reach the first home to be perfectly safe to drink . 
  in order to actually achieve this you would need a massive quantity of drug . 
  like , trucks of it . 
  good luck to buy enough drug to fill a couple of trucks without anybody noticing . 
  and then good luck to break in the water system with the trucks without anybody noticing . 
  it 's not like you can just follow the pipes untill you are in the wood , water flows at a pressure . 
  if you just break a pipe in the wood you will cause a massive drop in pressure that will shut off the whole system . 
  why should they be linked ? 
  the value of money is given by how much stuff you can buy with it , not the other way around . 
  if in my country a sandwich cost 3 euro , it is so because the average wage permits that . 
  for the average guy 3 euro is a trivial cost . 
  if i go to your country where a sandwich cost 1 euro , it is because the average wage there is much less , and for them 1 euro is a trivial cost , but 3 euro is a bit much for a sandwich . 
  but for me 1 euro is still way cheaper than 3 euros . 
  it makes sense that the stuff at the park are better than the actual props . 
  the props are intended to be seen in a specific way , with a specific light and for a short time . 
  the stuff in the park has to look good in any light and from any angle , and you can spend an hour looking at it . 
  how it works when you are chosen ? 
  you clearly misheard what the doctor said . 
  something related to this kind of things happened to me . 
  my plane was supposed to depart at 11am , but at 11:45 they still had not opened the gate . 
  it was at that point that they explained to us that they had to put in service a back-up plane because during the previous flight of our plane it had a problem at one engine . 
  this is true , but the point is that if you * already * had contact with a pathogen getting cold can cause your body to be a tiny bit less able to defend himself . 
  but getting cold itself is not going to cause you to be sick . 
  he has a point . 
  what a microorganism do to your body is dependent in what tissue it is in . 
  a bacteria that is harmless in your gut can cause an infection if somehow ends in your eyes , for example . 
  it may also be possible that his accent slip because he is picking up the local accent . 
  there is 2 problem with this :, 
  1 ) they will reach a point when they ca n't find enough food to grow more . 
  so they can not grow indefinetely . 
  2 ) their shell will get too heavy for their meat to substain it . 
  they would crush themselves, 
  this is not something we do n't have proves ... is something that is actually studied . 
  is literally the reason why some form of cancer had a spike in incidence . 
  people living longer meant more people with cancer . 
  we can discuss about the overdiagnosis , at least in the us . 
  on the other part , no , the fact that they exists is not up to discussion . 
  clinical studies are easily replicable by anyone . 
  do you think that no matter in what country your lab is , the moment you start a clinical trial on add or adhd some men in black come to visit you ? 
  this is not true . 
  very few shop closes at 6pm . 
  the majority close at 7-8pm , with the occasional store closing at 9 . 
  also almost all the carefour supermarket are open h24 now . 
  it 's because in europe you look like a tourist , while in the usa you do not . 
  those guys target mostly tourists , not locals . 
  people who try this kind of scam do it because is easy . 
  he probably tried the same with several other women , finding the one who would fall for it . 
  if he would have released the pictures then he would not have received the money and he would have the police looking for him . 
  years ago i received a letter wrote by an attorney saying that i allegedly had a minor accident with another car and then ran away , and that i would have to call him to settle the thing . 
  i called him saying that i did not had any car accident and that was a lie , but if he really believed that i would need to call my insurance company and we would discuss this with insurances . 
  he said that he would have talked with his client and called me back . 
  he never called me back . 
  back in 2005 i was in a videogame forum that had a moderator who was a woman . 
  i mean that she was 30 something and with a son . 
  once she had an argument with an user about why she had banned him , and this guy found a couple of pictures of her from a meeting of the users of the forum , and photoshopped her face on some porn pictures . 
  like , he photoshopped them well , with the intent to make them credible . 
  all of this because she banned him on a forum about videogames . 
  people are crazy . 
  who 's speaking ? 
  italy passed a bill last month that ban children that are n't vaccinated for 12 diseases to be enrolled in school . 
  for particularly nasty cases there is also a fine for the parents , and in extreme cases a `` review '' by social service . 
  it 's not actually illegal , but is basically mandatory this way . 
  homeschooling is extremely rare in italy . 
  why should not apply in sicily ? 
  the regional assembly has no power in this . 
  from age 6 to age 16 it is mandatory to be in school . 
  ( or be homeschooled , but this is extremely rare ) .
