  remember , this is to have a laugh !, 
  we want funny story , not resentful ones !, 
  i have never read anything written by foucault , but recentely i got an interest in his writings . 
  i heard that discipline and punish is a good starting point , but i have no idea about this . 
  it is ? 
  if not , which book do you suggest as a starting point ? 
  cofee is drinked in a lot of different ways around the world , and in many countries ( like the usa ) it is prepared as a very diluited beverage , while in italy is mostly prepared as a very concentrated and strong beverage . 
  there is a lot of difference in the taste of it , i 'm wondering what was the first reaction tasting an italian espresso for someone who drunk american cofee all his/her life . 
  edit : changed a word, 
  hi guys , it seems that an huge spike in airfare tickets is forcing me to change my destination , i still have n't made a decision , but prague is pretty high on my list of `` city that i want to visit '' . 
  so , in my little research i discovered the dorint hotel don giovanni in prague which seemes to have incredibles prices . 
  now , i 'm not feeling very comfortable about this , it does n't seems to have a bad reputation on the web , but we are talking about 40 mq room , breakfast and a couple of gimmicks included , at 430 euros for five nights . 
  no other hotel in the city offered me the same rate for a 40 mq room . 
  it is the hotel in the middle of nowhere ? 
  in a shady neighborhood ? 
  are they shady themselves ? 
  what 's the deal with the super-cheap room ? 
  btw , let me know if you know some very nice hotel in the city . 
  my price range is 400-500 euros for 5 or 6 nights . 
  we are a young couple . 
  ( i would really apreciate something a bit `` historic '' , but it 's not a dealbreaker ), 
  thank you guys !, 
  edit : spelling . 
  i usually play heartstone from my ipad , but i would like to play it from pc now and then . 
  i 've installed the client , gone through the tutorial , but i still do n't have all my card back , it 's like i 'm a new user . 
  it 's possible to play with a single account on both the platform ( well , not at the same time of course ) ? 
  how ? 
  well , fuck . 
  edit : guys , i was playing on an ipad . 
  that 's way i took a picture instead of doing a screen . 
  hi everyone , i 'm going to be in prague with my girlfriend from 7 to 12 august ( i will stay near the dancing house , how is the area ? 
  something interesting in it , something that i should know ... ? ), 
  and i would really like to receive some tip on what it 's worth a visit , what are the cool places to eat and drink and other stuff like that . 
  what are your `` you must go there '' stuff ? 
  what is easy to miss but definitely worth seeing it ? 
  i do n't know very much about prague , so everything that pop on your mind is fine !, 
  ( btw , there are any noteworthy art museum in the city ? 
  i 've never heard of something in prague ), 
  putting aside the `` cultural '' stuff , do you know some nice place to eat/drink around the city center without spending a lot of money ? 
  then , i 'd like to do one `` relatively expensive '' dinner for my girlfriend , so i 'm looking for something romantic and out of the usual budget ( but not too much !, 
  ) , do some of you know a restaurant in the city centre that will do ? 
  i 'm talking about about 30-40 euro per person , that if i 'm not wrong is way more the average for a dinner in prague . 
  ( i hope i 'm not wrong ), 
  one last thing guys , any hint on how to go from the airport to the city ? 
  is the bus ok ? 
  if not , what should we use ? 
  my budget , excluding travel and hotel stay , is about 300 or 400 euro , still do n't know if it 's the former or the latter . 
  thanks guys !, 
  edit : oh , i almost forgot . 
  any chanche there is some music festival in the city in that week ? 
  not really interested in that , but it 's better to know it before than returning home and discover that your favorite band was playing in prague that week . 
  not sure if this is the right subreddit . 
  i 'm organizing a virtual scavenger hunt , and i would like to make that one of the step to win is to do a little brute force attack to a password protected zip file that contains the instrucion for the next step . 
  what should i use to make that this zip file is easily broken with max a couple of minutes of brute force ? 
  also , it does exist a brute force program that has a gui ? 
  in order to not make this easy for everyone , even the less expert guys . 
  ( yes , they know what a brute force attack is , and i will make sure to hint at it ), 
  thank you very much !, 
  edit : yes , i know the title should be `` how do i '' . 
  english is not my first language . 
  hi guys , any suggestion on how to make this shaman deck better ? 
  i have only one legendary , mexxna . 
  ( yes , this is a problem , i know ), 
  * 2xrockbitter weapon, 
  * 1xwindfury, 
  * 1xriver crocolisk, 
  * 1xironbeak owl, 
  * 2xacidi swamp ooze, 
  * 2x flametongue totem, 
  * 2xhex, 
  * 2x shattered sun cleric, 
  * 1xdefender of argus, 
  * 1xreckless rocketeer, 
  * 2xfire elemental, 
  * 1xstormwind champion, 
  i usually play by some using power up and then something that gives windfury to the card . 
  hi guys , i will probably spend the new year 's eve in warsaw this year , do you have any suggestion on what to do ( cheaply ) for a group of guys and girls in their twenties ? 
  no clubs , please . 
  at least , no ` everybody is drunk and possibly on drugs by 00:05 am ' clubs . 
  we do n't know the city nor the language , so we will have to stay on a central area . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : yeah , i know , `` how to '' is not correct here . 
  english is not my 1st language and i realized my mistake just now . 
  is there a way to automatically publish a new post in several group at once that do not look shady as hell ? 
  i ca n't find anything that does n't scream `` i will steal your password '' ... 
  i know that this sound like spam , but we are really just a non-profit student organization that needs to publish it 's activities in groups tha * we were invited in * ... 
  hi guys , i 'm planning to spend a couple of weeks in london this august , and i just recentely ( thanks to reddit ) discovered that there are some hostels which are all about socializing with new people , someone call them `` party hostels '' . 
  since my main goal for this trip is to speak as much as possible in order to improve my english , staying in a place where you are actually encouraged to socialize with each other is * exactly * what i need . 
  do you know a nice , relatively cheap `` party hostel '' in london ? 
  to be clear here , i 'm * not * looking for a place that is * too much * about party . 
  i still want to visit the city and do `` normal '' tourist-y stuff . 
  thank you !, 
  i want to buy my very first acoustic guitar , and i have a couple of question . 
  1 ) do you have any suggestions for a * cheap * guitar for a newbie ? 
  the cheaper ( but good ) , the better . 
  i was actually convinced to buy one when a friend of mine told me that you can get an ok guitar for less than 100 $ . 
  i really do n't know which brand is good ( well , i do know yamaha . 
  the f310 looks good to me ), 
  2 ) how hard it is to tune a guitar for a newbie ? 
  do the various app that claim to help you to tune the guitar actually work ?
