  the silver lining is that when you have to pay the restrooms are much better . 
  text are more reliable for this kind of stuff . 
  you can have reception with a much weaker signal and you can not run out of text to receive , like you can run out of data . 
  yeah , i totally understand why rowling did it , she was probably hinting at the use of `` afroamerican '' in the usa , but muggle is such an ingrained term in the lore ... 
  this is actually a very good point . 
  if you have magic at your disposition , you will start to use it for every little thing , thus never really developing problem-solving skills . 
  i got your point , i just want to say a fun fact : japanese and italian have * very * similar pronunciation . 
  this is just an evolutionary coincidence , of course , but it always amazed me how a really lot of phonemes are the same in italian and japanese . 
  it 's not about the roots , it 's about the phonemes . 
  having roots in common just means that it 's more likely to have phonemes in common . 
  i actually like that one for the purpose it served . 
  it ridicolized that attitude , it neutralized it * fast * . 
  for a period of time every relationship problem posted on reddit received some variation of `` hit the gym , delete facebook , hire a lawyer '' . 
  some time they were worded differently , some time it was only one part of the sentence , but it was everywhere . 
  and they were serious , not making jokes . 
  `` ehi reddit , my wife came back home later than usual yesterday , i 'm a bit worried '' . 
  `` she 's cheating , lawyer up and hit the gym to forget her . '', 
  `` hei reddit , my boyfriend forget our annyversary and i 'm mad at him '', 
  `` he was fucking another woman , delete facebook and forget him . 
  also , hit the gym '', 
  wait , you got that wrong . 
  the claim that `` illegals '' does n't exists is actually very old and founded in the law . 
  here in italy until a very right wing government changed the law some years ago entering the country without a permit was an amministrative misdemeanor . 
  you were * not * an illegal , by law . 
  to make clear my point since i realize that i did n't provide the best explanation : that idea is very old , it is grounded in `` internationalism '' ideology and it 's somewhat law , or was , in some western countries . 
  good point , but in the books is never said that muggles have problem with being called muggles . 
  hermione calls her parents muggles with no problem , and she was attacked for not being pure blood and founded an association for the freedom of house elves ... 
  those things are written down in specific laws . 
  there are laws that says that strike is allowed under certain conditions , one of this conditions is that some service have to maintain a minum of functionality . 
  the government , in many european countries at least , has the power to do not allow a specific strike if it violates one of those rules . 
  so no , unions , while powerful , have not the power to overrun the government . 
  was that mais on that pizza ? 
  as an italian , that pizza actually looks very strange ... 
  but i guess that the important is that op liked it . 
  it depends where you are staying and where you have to go . 
  are you staing in the city centre ? 
  no needs for the metro or buses if you like to walk . 
  but stayin in the city centre costs more than in other areas , sometimes a lot more . 
  and not everything to see in rome is in the city centre . 
  now , about the best area to stay ... you have to tell us what is your budget and what you are looking for !, 
  are you looking for a quiet area ? 
  a night life area ? 
  a `` whatever-as-long-is-cheap '' area ? 
  a splurge area ? 
  oh , glad you like it that much , but this is the most un-italian pizza that i 've ever heard . 
  a scientist who hates philospher is a bad scientist . 
  how the heck do you get deer piss . 
  edit : guys , i got it , it is used for hunting and apparently a lot of shop sells it . 
  i 'm totally ok with mosh pits if they do it in a well defined space and it makes sense to do it to that song . 
  i 've been at concerts where `` mosh pit '' meant `` every space from the stage up to 10 meters , maybe 15 . 
  let 's make 20 if the guys are drunk '' . 
  it was annoying as hell . 
  also , yes i do like to be in a mosh pit from time to time , but i also do like to hear the fucking band . 
  if a mosh pit formed for the last two songs , maybe it 's time to take a break . 
  hollow log . 
  i do n't think that this will translate well in any language ... for some reasons , in most of italy to say that someone is not paying attention to you , you can say `` non mi sta cagando '' . 
  it litterally means '' he/she is not pooping me '' . 
  there are no puns , or whatever . 
  that is the translation . 
  and it does n't end here . 
  it exist , in rome at least , also `` non mi sta inculando '' , which means againg that someone is not praying attention to you . 
  and you now what is the litteral translation ? '', 
  he/she is not fucking me in the ass '' . 
  also , but this is for sure limited to rome , and the under 40 generations , if you have to do something , but you decide to * not * doing that you can say `` la piscio '' . 
  the litteral translation is `` i 'm pissing it '' . 
  obviously you should not use those sentences unless you really know what you are doing . 
  well , in some part of italy it exist `` everybody 's gay with someone 's else ass '' . 
  it means that as long as you are not the person actually doing it , you will not really care of what doing that actually means . 
  i 'll give you an example : in the brain there is a receptor which is formed by a certain numbers of smaller `` pieces '' . 
  it exist a genetic mutation that causes one of this smaller pieces to develop in a shape that cause the whole receptor to be `` better '' at bonding with nicotine . 
  this means that the effect of nicotine is stronger and thus the person with that mutation can develop an addiction to smoke more easily than the rest of us . 
  it 's not like genetic mutation causes you to wanting to smoke , but once you do smoke it 's easier to develop a dipendence . 
  while i 'm pretty sure that eventually beards will fall out of fashion , i ca n't understand while people think that that will happens soon . 
  beardless men have been cool since about the 80 up to about 2010 . 
  that 's about 30 years . 
  before that beards were cool for most of the 60 and 70 , they where not for most of the first half of the century and they were in for a big chunk of 1800 . 
  if there is a pattern in this , is in the order of decades , not 5-10 years . 
  some years ago there was a thread asking what would you ask to a genius if you have the condition that a person you really , really hate will get double of what you wished for . 
  my reply was an 8 inches penis . 
  thus the other person will have a completely useless and totally gross 16 inches penis , that probably will never be able to become hard due to it 's lenght . 
  fedora were already out of fashion , they just went to `` cringey '' status . 
  yes things can spread fast now , but not faster than 50 years ago . 
  the fashion still change when it start to appear on tv or cinema . 
  well , it was n't two 8 inches penises but we had an ama like that ... 
  there is an user which is a very rare case of fully developed diphallia . 
  he provided pictures . 
  edit : you are seriously downvoting me because i missed a reference ? 
   i never kissed my first three girlfriends . 
  how . 
  no really , unless you were 7 years old i do n't know how that could happen . 
  how do you feel about a romantic relationship with another woman ? 
  that 's not a slippery slope . 
  `` how to decide who is going to get sterylized '' is the principal point of your idea . 
  really ? 
  any kind of sexual ? 
  that sound absurd . 
  do you have any sources ? 
  because doing both things is so hard that you need highly specialized center , and that is n't something that you can run on the back of you office . 
  or maybe , just maybe , he just forgot an `` s '' at the end of friends . 
  i 'm italian , and years ago i did n't really understand this stereotype .
