  after i started the therapy i lost 21 kg in a year with no effort at all . 
  now i 'm in good shape , i did just a little tweaking to my diet and my lifestyle and i 'm not gaining a gram again . 
  apparently i was already eating the proper amount , more or less , and it was all the fault of my lazy tyroid . 
  * i mean a minority but a substantial one . 
  not a `` 0.2 '' of something like that , something bigger and relevant . 
  i did n't , but i think that i will tell him soon . 
  it 's something that is not simple to talk about without sounding like an ass . 
  you misunderstood my comment . 
  i was n't talking about hypotiroidism , that was only the example i gave . 
  there is hipotiroidism , then there is insuline resistance , then there is ... 
  there are several conditions that can cause this , you have to add them up . 
  ** obviously ** we are still talking about a tiny , tiny minority , but my point is that i was n't a * one-in-a-milion * case . 
  the problem with `` eating according to your condition '' is that my body was n't able to proper use the energy it absorbed and thus stored it as fat , but the quantity of energy absorbed was , mostly , ok . 
  eating considerably less would have meant to cut the energy that i actually used too . 
  as a non-american , could someone explain to me this whole `` bases '' thing ? 
  i have no idea which base is what . 
  as a western european , it 's a different perspective . 
  nudity , the body , it 's not a big deal . 
  the act of sex itself it is , but the body it 's not . 
  that 's why even in relatively moral-conservative catholic countries nobody will give a shit if a nipple slip in tv or if someone says `` titties '' while on air . 
  and this is why movies with soft nudity scene are usually aired in prime time . 
  a friend of mine once said that historically religious figure in europe tended to frown upon sex and all it is related to it because they saw it as something holy , and being holy it should be private and `` regulated '' , while in the anglo-saxon world they saw it as almost a sin to avoid and remove , as something that you had to do because it is necessary and that 's it . 
  in the end they both wanted to have sex as a very private thing , but for very different reasons . 
  this is just something that a friend of mine said once , so yeah , do not think too much about it , but it is interesting . 
  i do agree , i 've been in prague this summer , it was a fallback option because we fucked up with our first choiche , but holy shit if i 'm happy that we went there now !, 
  it was awesome , i really liked the city , i was n't expecting nothing special but it was fantastic , with a lot of museum to see and things to do . 
  ( but the prague castle is meh . 
  you should visit it , sure , but do not spend too much time in it , it 's not worth it ), 
  i 've been there for 5 days and i could have really used a couple or days more in prague , i 've missed some things . 
  ( sure , i was never really in a hurry , we `` lost '' a lot of time , especially in the morning oversleeping ), 
  it really depends on where you are going to eat and what kind of food . 
  pizza for 4 people in `` regular '' place ? 
  around 15 euros per person for a pizza , a drink and an `` entree '' * or * a dessert . 
  it really depends , it is impossible to say without other informations ... 
  eately is nice , but it is really expansive . 
  they have good stuff , but they really overprice * everything * . 
  i like the place , they have a lot of stuff that are hard to find elsewhere , but they also have a lot of `` organic-bio-so-it-costs-50 % - more '' crap . 
  the `` bomba '' is the krapfen . 
  we call it `` bomba '' here in rome , it 's just another name for the krapfen ... btw , bomba litterally means `` bomb '' . 
  also , 3,50 for a gelato is a bit expansive . 
  ( i know , you were at the pantheon ), 
  unless the gelato was really huge . 
  ( in italy you pay your gelato by the dimension of the cone , not on the number of the scopes ), 
  mmh , the thin dough is a peculiarity of roman pizza . 
  it 's just the way it is traditionally done in rome . 
  but ketchup ? 
  no way , really no way in hell . 
  the reastaurants are n't very expansive , right , but i was talking about what they sell . 
  they have a lot of stuff tha cost more than usual because it comes from a farm in bumfuck nowhere who use `` bio '' farming . 
  while this is true , please have in mind that we are talking about a price that is close to 3x time bigger than what you pay in the us . 
  a full tank on an average car is to be expected on the range of 80 $ , for gasoline . 
  diesel is a bit cheaper than oil in europe , so if possible stick with a diesel car . 
  shit , really ? 
  i have either fucked up the eur-usd conversion or cost of living in la is way more expansive than i though ... 
  i mean , unless for `` average '' car i 'm picturing a city car and you a suv ... 
  i 'm pretty sure this is directly pasted from a cracked.com article ... 
  a couple of months ago i was in a pub with a girl that i have met at the uni , and a friend of mine walked in . 
  i have n't seen her since a year or more , we started chatting and she said that she was there to met a guy she was dating . 
  after 5 minutes , the guy walks in . 
  it was the brother of the girl i met at the uni . 
  and i live in a city of 3 milion of people , not a small college town . 
   you do n't go to europe to fuck your neighbors, 
  as an italian guy , i agree . 
  this is actually a problem that show up a lot on internet : some people tend to assume that there is absolutely no legit way to think outside their own , and thus think that * everyone * who do something that they do n't do is an hypocrite who has a double agenda . 
  the idea that maybe the other person just * want * to do that because they think is the right thing to do is unthinkabke , they * have * to have another motivation that they are not telling anyone . 
  am i the only one who have never thought of the userbase here as being particularly liberal/progressive ? 
  i mean , obviously this impression change depending on which sub you are , but on average i did n't have this impression at all . 
  i think that the userbase looks particularly liberal if you compare it to someone who is very conservative . 
  by police investigation . 
  you do n't have to be there , you have to do your investigation . 
  physical examination , blood test , testimony , looking for evidence on the scene ... 
  it was `` comedia '' , not `` comida '' . 
  dante was n't against the catholic chuch , he was for the division of temporal and spiritual power and wanted the emperor of the holy roman empire to be the only temporal ruler . 
  this is very clear reading the comedy , and also his personal story ( at a point he was basically banished from florence because the guys who wanted the pope as a ruler went in charge ), 
  he was n't anti catholic church , he was anti a pope with power . 
  the `` divine '' bit of the title came from boccaccio , another very important italian poet who lived just some decades after dante . 
  source : my own memories from my studies . 
  uhm , no , it was n't blasphemous . 
  actually dante use a more `` high '' level of language for each book , to signify the ascension to a an higher level . 
  but yes , he used also some tricks like saying that a place was too beautiful or whatever to be described , it 's just that he did this for inferno and purgatorio also . 
  but he was n't dead , he was there as with ah , uhm , `` special permit '' . 
  his soul still has n't been judged by god . 
  ( also , it would be a bit too much to actually imply that you are already destined to paradise when you are still alive ... ), 
  wrong reply ? 
  well , we actually know the identity of several of the people he encounters , and we have a good idea but without certainity for other people . 
  there are n't really many people in the comedy that scholars did n't pinpoint on someone , with variable degree of certainity . 
  the comedy is unfortunately one of those book were you have to read a couple of verses , then check the notes , then read another couple of verses , then check the notes , then ... and so on . 
  now that i think about it , it 's a bit like reading a book of david foster-wallace . 
  ok , it seems that i will have to write down some corrections ... 
  i have opened the `` metro '' page and i have already found an error . 
  this is the actual timetable :, 
  * sunday to thursday : 5:30 - 23:30, 
  * friday and saturday : 5:30 - 1:30, 
  also , the lines are actually 3 ( plus the b1 , a biforcation of the b line ) , not 2 , even if the c line still does not go outside the suburbs , so for the tourists is pretty useless for now . 
  why did they use photos form other cities in europe for the background ? 
  it is really confusing . 
  edit : oh , boy the talk about `` yellow taxis '' ... there are n't yellow taxis in rome since 20 years ago at least in rome ... 
  if you find a yellow taxis it is * not * an official one . 
  official taxis are * white * . 
  let 's put it this way :,
