thank you for writing this , it is very interesting !, 
  i wanted to talk about the `` material '' , or economic , side of the story , but i like this side as well . 
  i do not think that the smaller size of families are a derivation of a white protestan model , because small family are the norm even in catholic country . 
  ( i 'm from italy ), 
  i think that it derived from a mixture of the socioeconomics model of the western society , a better knowledge about how sex works in the general population ( and birth control ) and the way lower levels of infant mortality that we have now . 
  ( people had a large offspring even to make up for the ones who died ), 
  as i said , he was happy . 
  he is happy , still now , at least as far as i know looking at his fb profile and talking to some of his friends now and then . 
  it seemed odd to me because in my personal view i would prefer to be able to go in full economical support of each of my children . 
  i can not help to think of all the things that can go bad and how much money i will need to get out of them . 
  now , this is my viewpoint , i know that , but i think that economic stability is part of taking care of a family . 
  because it 's not obvious . 
  a vocal minority can very easily appear like a majority . 
  the only way to make it obvious is to hold a referendum . 
  but since you can not hold a referendum for every law you have to pass or reject , a rappresentative is used . 
  so you vote a guy to be your rappresentative , to vote on your behalf . 
  then , if you really are convinced that the people has a different idea , you can call for a referendum . 
  do you understand that people who try `` anti-balding '' drugs quit as soon as it appears that they are not getting any better ? 
  and do you understand that the same people would pay on the spot if they have a drug with works ? 
  because they do not disappear all from the same place on the same moment . 
  and most of them do n't disappear , but are sold by their parents . 
  hi , born and raised in rome here . 
  never been pickpocketed . 
  i know a guy who was . 
  `` a '' as in one single person . 
  of all the people i knew in my life . 
  edit : now , i know i seem aggressive . 
  it is just that what you said is an overexageration as much as it is the one of the article . 
  i 'm putting my story here , in case it is not funny for you guys . 
  it was before the ps3 was released , and i was in a forum where from some reason the heat level of the clashes was really high . 
  we did n't know much about the system , and the bd drive was attracting a lot of attention . 
  one day a guy showed up and said that he had made some calculations that were going to shock us all and prove that the ps3 was doomed from the beginning . 
  he had calculated that the ps3 's bd drive was able to * read * 100mb in ... 15 minutes . 
  i repeat , * read * . 
  not even `` process '' , just * read * . 
  he had clearly miscalculated something very badly , but he was so excited about having proved that `` ps3 is shit '' that he was n't able to see why that number was ridiculous . 
  and some people went after him , believing the `` 15 minutes '' story !, 
  with a `` special chip '' ? 
  i have some vague memories of a story about a special chip and `` toned down '' games ( like when you low the settings in a pc game ) for the ps1 , heard when i was 12 years old or so . 
  it was completely unexpected . 
  i was in a amateur theatre group , and apparantely one of the girl had an interest in me . 
  so she started to invite me to go out with her group of friends , probably as a `` let 's see what happens '' . 
  well , what happened was that we did n't `` click '' , so she lost interest in me after a month of so , and i never went beyond the `` is this girl really into me or is my immagination ? '' . 
  ( only after some time common friends told me that yes , she had an interest in me ), 
  but since she was a very outgoing girl , she continued to invite me to go out with them , as a friend . 
  so , now i was hanging out with a new group of people , and some of them were girls ... and very slowly i started to think that one of them was quite cute . 
  one day i decided to try to gather some information about her , because as far as i knew she could have been already dating someone , and i asked this friends of her ( the same very outgoing girl ) if `` she was dating , or interested , in someone '' . 
  what happened next was absolutely unexepected . 
  the girl put on a huge smile and started shouting `` why , do you like her ?!? 
  she is dying for you !!! '' . 
  my plan was to just * start * the whole thing that day . 
  like , now i know that she is not dating anyone , so i can start to approach her . 
  turned out that i was already at the finish line without knowing it . 
  well , what happened next was that , to put it very shortly , i invited her out , we had a pleasant stroll , had an ice-cream , and then kissed . 
  well , the problem with this is that the more you come close to the present , the more difficult it is to have a clear , not partisan view of what happened . 
  when you get very close to the present it is just not worthy to do more than a small re-cap if you are theaching to kid or teeneager . 
  my grandfather was a rather handsome guy , and it seems that he cheated my grandmother with ... a countess . 
  an actual countess , the town called her `` the little countess '' . 
  i know that a cheating husband is not `` the coolest '' thing , but i can not help to romanticize this secret relationship between the son of a farmer and `` the little countess '' . 
  ( also , during wwii he was almost sent to a troop in africa which was later slaughtered on the battlefield . 
  he was saved by a graduate who recognized him in the training camp in italy , they were from the same town , and managed to keep him in the camp as a mechanic until a more safe destination was availlable ), 
  speaking about ancestors , there is a tiny possibility that i descend from a smaller , but still rather relevant in their best years , florentine noble family . 
  now , i want to stress that this possibiity is * tiny * . 
  basically i have the same family name of this noble family and my grandfather ( the other one ) lived not too far from an area where some people think that once moved one of the branch of this noble family . 
  those are not proof of anything , it could easily be a coincidence and my ancestor could had received my family name for * totally unrleated * events . 
  with dragons . 
  * ice * dragons . 
  i got your point , but this is a too semplicistic answers . 
  the whole `` threat people good and fuck slavery '' was n't a brand new concept of the christians , we have text advocating for just that written by romans ( and others ) dating when no one knew christ , or even before he was born , if i 'm not wrong . 
  caesar was n't an emperor . 
  another possibility is that time travel will be availlable in a future so distant that no one cares about hitler more than we care about a bloodlust general of 1300 . 
  we are used to think as wwii as something of the distant past , but was really just 70 years ago . 
  there are people who fought in the war , or were sent to a camp , who are still alive . 
  not exactley during , but shortly after . 
  she said : `` have you ever tried to let your cat sniff your cum ? '' . 
  i still have not idea why . 
  and yes , she is still my girlfriend . 
  gaming journalist/movie journalist . 
  i already do this , but as a part time job . 
  and i love it . 
  unfortunately there is no way that i will be able to do this as a full time job , because the only way to make it happens would be investing a lot of time and energy in it , and basically transforming it in a non paid full time job for years and years . 
  with no guarantee of success . 
  it is way safer and sensible to stick to university , since i 'm a med student . 
  ( and i like it , do n't get me wrong !, 
  but there is `` like '' , and like as `` preview of the new godzilla movie and then free dinner with some local celebrites '', 
  wouldn ` it better to use something on the line of `` comes and go '' instead of passes ? 
  something with the same meaning but in a more elegant form . 
  transit as far as i know as meaning of `` going without stopping '' . 
  my point was that the cultural background that generated christianity was already present in several different places of the world . 
  it was n't a situation of `` christianity or nothing '' . 
  for what we can speculate is equally possibile that another cult , or philosophy , would have changed the mentality as christianity did . 
  they are stories that have evidence to sustain them . 
  well , english is n't my mother tongue ( fun fact : i was born and live in rome ) , so it could be just a feeling . 
  to me it sounds a bit too like an `` everyday '' sentence , but i may be wrong , since i do not use english everyday !, 
  are you a native english speaker ? 
  i ca n't remember what i did that day , but i remember that i was at my grandmother house , as was usual when i was youger . 
  i have some vague memories of we cheering at midnight , and nothing else . 
  i 'm pretty sure that a lot of restourant do the same here in italy . 
  it 's pretty common to see the whole crew around a table eating something , but before the opening time , not after . 
  now , i 'm not saying that everyone do this , but it 's something that totally exists and people do .
