  because people have a very wrong idea of what the barbaric invasions were , and of their numbers . 
  people immagine this huge horde of fur wearing men with axe and long beards , but that is not what happened , at all . 
  rome was not only a military superpower , it was also a cultural superpower . 
  the germanic tribes did n't just decided one day to invade , they had relationship with the empire for at least a century . 
  some tribes even had mens serving for the roman army . 
  by the time they invaded the average barbarian was n't that foreign to roman culture . 
  their dress would be very similar to those of the romans , and they liked some thing of the roman culture . 
  this means that when the empire fell the tribes that settled down in the occupied territory just started to mix with the locals . 
  germanic tribes displaced the men in power , but they had no means or will to displace the local population . 
  they were a minority and they kinda respected roman culture . 
  basically , they `` became '' romans . 
  this did n't happens in britain because the tribes that lived there were n't fully romanized at that point . 
  so when the `` proper '' romans pulled out of britain , they were still using their original language . 
  which was of germanic origin . 
  unfortunately no , i do n't know any books on the subject . 
  you get a tan when you are exposed to high doses of uv radiation , such as when you go tanning . 
  uv radiation can cause damage in the dna , and thus possibly cancer . 
  moles * are * tumor , benign tumors . 
  they wont hurt you if they remains like they are right now . 
  but guess what can totally mess with a mole and cause it to change ? 
  uv radiation . 
  this is true for everybody , even people with not a single mole on their body , but if you have a lot of moles or several large ones , you have increase risk to developed cancer . 
  tl ; dr uv radiation mess with your skin , and moles are a particulary weak point . 
  fun fact : doctor in italy are required to read the hippocratic oath when they get the degree . 
  the ancient , original one . 
  so italians doctors have to actually take the oath in the name of the gods apollo , asclepius , igea , panacea and `` all the god and godess '' . 
  less fun fact : doctors have to read even the part where the oath prohibit to practice abortion . 
  wich it 's really odd , and people talk about erasing that line now and then , but the oath also phroibit to remove kidney stones so nobody takes it seriously . 
  there is a quote attribuited to einstein that goes `` i do n't know how ww3 will be fought , but i know that ww4 will be fought with sticks and stones '' . 
  he 's implying that a ww3 would be such devastating that after that humanity would go back to trhowing stones and using pointy stick . 
  the user changed the quote in `` wizard '' war '' , but wizard already use sticks to fight . 
  the wands . 
  hmm , in scandinavia people tend to be introverts , i do n't think that it is the best place for such an outgoing type like op 's mom . 
  i think the safest option would be some turistic place in the south of europe . 
  it should be a very touristic place so nobody is gon na pay much attention to what a random foreigner is saying . 
  may i suggestiva barcellona ? 
  why ? 
  part of the berlin wall are still up in the city as a mementum , and they are not guarded or anything , you can just go there and chip a piece . 
  i mean , you are an asshole if you do it , but you can do it . 
  a guy wrote a fake story about a cheating wife . 
  after a couple of post it become clear that the while story is fake , but somehow reddit decide that it is still worth reading and the story become huge . 
  `` she stopped just for some kisses '' was an actual sentence written by the `` husband '' while describing her `` wife '' cheating , just to tell you how fake the whole story was . 
  and do n't let me started about the guy with the son who fucked the dog . 
  another story that was clearly fake but that got huge somehow . 
  i mean , first couple of post when you have a suspect then discover that you son is fucking the dog ? 
  i can believe you , zoophilia is a real thing . 
  but every post after that contaning a life-turning situation , and i mean every single one ? 
  and you tell the story of how your life was litterally destroyed like is no big deal on reddit ? 
  give me a break . 
  oh what the hell , i 'm telling the story , maybe someone can help me . 
  shortly after i had an internet connection for the first time , being a kid , i started looking for porn . 
  i rember clearly this hentai with a girl that at a point started masturbating and her clit got big , and when she came she was holding a glass and she sprayed some kind of liquind inside the glass . 
  now this * was n't * grotesque , the clitoris was still a clitoris and the liquid was just a bit , it was n't like squirting . 
  it was all, 
  drawn in an no-exagerated way . 
  i remember that the name was something on the line of `` i 's '' or maybe `` y 's '' , but i was never been able to find it again . 
  the role of the vp in the american system really surprised me the first time i heard about that he can became the president . 
  i 'm too used to a parliamentary system where the vice prime minister is a `` temporary measure '' position , a backup person in an emergency that must step down as soon as possible . 
  like , if our prime minister would suddenly die the vice would be prime minister for the shortest time need for the parliament to vote for a new prime minister . 
  because a ) the goal is rehabilitation and not punishment , since the ideal system is the one that make sure that you do not want to do it . 
  harsher sentences act as a deterrent up to a point , then the people who commit the crime do it because they are sure to not be caught/doing it in a rage/intoxicated . 
  b ) we moved away from the idea that the state own the body of its citizens . 
  corporali punishment is the state claiming that they own your body . 
  nitpicking here : the caduceus is not the symbol of medicine , that is a common mistakes . 
  the symbol of medicine is the rod of asclepius . 
  do n't buy an house before is finished , the risk of something not turning out like in the project they showed to you is not low . 
  we made this mistakes and ended up with a room smaller than what it was supposed to be , because the mansard roof was built lower than what it should have been . 
  it 's a huge liability for them . 
  if someone get sick the parents would sue the school . 
  when you sell things like food and beverage you have to guarantee some basic hygienic stuff , things that you can not guarantee by selling cans out of your locker . 
  i hate alos that statistics like `` xxx voted 75 % of the the this year , where was he ? '', 
  elected politicians have to work in small work group in order to produce laws , or analize a situation and suggest the correction , or a lot of other things . 
  sometime they have to work on this while there is a vote taking place , and thus they have to skip it . 
  that 's perfectly normal , they are doing their job not sleeping in the office . 
  this is a good analogy , but i think it needs a bit more explanation . 
  the problem is not that you never learned how to store the wood , is that it never put you at any risk of not having sex before you die . 
  this is an important distinction because let 's say that humanity discovered agricolture waaaaay before we actually did , like 1 milion year before . 
  we should have had plenty of time to adapt to storing a lot of carbohydrates , right ? 
  well , * no , not necessarily . 
  fat people have a decresed life expectancy , but they still surpass puberty by decades . 
  this is a lot of time to have kids . 
  unless some kind of sexual selection would act , there would be no pressure for our body to adapt . 
  but that is not a simple thing , even nowaday how many really fat people do you see and how many are simple overweight ? 
  the vast majority of the really fat are n't getting laid , but the vast majority of the oveweight sure are . 
  and we just recently reached a point in wellness where really fat people are somewhat common . 
  tl ; dr storing a lot of fat is bad for your chanche of having kids only if you have an extreme amount of fat . 
  thus is very hard to build up enough evolutionary pressure to change the way we store fat . 
  the_donald is either a prime exemple of poe 's law and half the people there are trolling the other half , or the userbase is incredibly delusional . 
  i mean , being a fan of a politician is a thing . 
  speaking everyday like he is doing the best thing in the world did you just saw what he did the madman !, 
  is plain ridicolous , and if you are serious about it you are not 100 % sane . 
  a second , smaller , breakfast at around 11 am is not uncommon , but the real reason is that lunch tends to be richer . 
  you eat more . 
  here in italy an average schedule is, 
  7 - 8 breakfast, 
  12 - 13 lunch, 
  20 - 21 dinner, 
  and you sometime you can have a second small breakfast at 11 and a `` merenda '' at 4 . 
  but it 's mostly kids that do the merenda actually . 
  i 'm just picturing a guy just walking among the streets when suddenly he comes and say `` oh sweet , i 'm going ro have sex in an hour !,
