  i hope that your insurance is covering all those bills !, 
  i assure you that :, 
  1 ) nobody even know that usa is providing anything outside of their own bases . 
  because this is exactly what they are doing . 
  nato missions are nato missions , not `` europe '' or `` usa '' : nato . 
  2 ) the support for cutting any usa base in europe is , like , skyrocketing high . 
  at least in the west . 
  when i can not have an idea of why you did something . 
  are you doing something incredibly stupid , but i can see why you thought it was a good idea ? 
  i could get angry at you , but nothing big . 
  but if you do something that i can not rationalize ... 
  i will get very angry at you . 
  very . 
  ( example : someone honking at you while there is an huge truck blocking all the way . 
  this happened to me . ), 
  ... because it could kinda kill you , you know . 
  scientist are sensible people . 
  i read the exact same story , down to the last word , a week ago or more . 
  so , the guy is either bragging a lot or lying . 
  my 2 cent is on lying . 
  yeah , this . 
  when i was 9 i was sting by a needle on the beach , ( it was in the sand ) and i basically got an hiv test as a way to calm my parents , the doctor always told us that there would be no way to get aids from a needle that was in such an hostile enviroment form the virus . 
  catholic ? 
  do n't think so . 
  could you provide us a link ? 
  as a medicali student myself , i find hard to believe that an ethical comitee would approve this the way you told us . 
  there was probably something else going on wit the test . 
  it really depend on wich plasmodium got in you and your state of health before the infection . 
  malaria is not caused by a single `` thing '' but 4 ( 5 ? 
  ca n't remeber ) differt parasite called plasmodium . 
  some of them are realtively tame , others are bitches . 
  so if you got infected with a `` not-a-bitch '' plasmodium and you are an healty , well feed person , yes , usally ( but exceptions does exist ! ), 
  it is not a big deal , jut take the drugs . 
  ( but still very annoying ! ), 
  but if you got one of the bad one or you are malnourished ( as often happen in africa ) , you will be in trouble . 
  oh well , i was n't concerned about that ( well , not * only * that ) , i was more concerned about you missing some details , in good faith . 
  you will be surprised to know how common is that patients ( or non expert-in-the-field people ) will totally skip on some game-changing detail while telling a story . 
  they do n't consider them as important , but for `` us '' they are . 
  this is why being able to take a good patient history is so difficult , you have to be * very * specific sometime , or you risk to miss something important . 
  the first time i took a patient 's history the guy told me that nobody in his family have had cardiac problems . 
  then the professor who was with me , who already knew the patient , stepped in and asked him how his brother died . 
  the response ? 
  `` heart attack '' . 
  holy shit so that 's why two years ago i met a guy whit a blood red eye who told to everyone that `` he puked '' . 
  i always tought he did some weird shit ( he went to a party the night before ) , he was telling the truth . 
  not the funniest , but this you got ... 
  a gorilla enters a pub . 
  people are screaming , many are fleeing , but the gorilla just go to the bartender , and asks for a beer . 
  the bartender is shocked , but still serves the gorilla a beer . 
  the gorilla drinks it and asks for the bill . 
  the bartender , thinking that a gorilla would have no sense of money , tells him that he have to pay 20 dollars . 
  the gorilla pays without saying a word , and turn around to exit the pub . 
  the bartender can not help himself anymore , and ask to the ape : `` do you know that i had never seen before a gorilla in this pub ! '' . 
  and the gorilla reply : `` not surprised , you 're fucking expensive ! '', 
  thanks !, 
  i will be reading him in italian , so i think i will go with discipline and punish . 
  the name is antonio banderas . 
  consider that right now he is on air on italian tv in ... a commercial of a biscuit company . 
  and he play the role of a baker who speaks with his chicken . 
  as in an actual chicken , not a girl . 
  a chicken named `` rosita '' . 
  yes , everyone and their mothers ( especialy their mothers ) are mocking him . 
  also , the photo are taken in different luminosity set . 
  some of the darker skin type seems more light than some of the lighter skin tipe . 
  it will go in the sewerage system , where else ? 
  sewerage systems are a pretty ancient thing , and the romans ones were especially efficent . 
  part of the `` cloaca maxima '' in rome is still used as a sewerage system * nowadays * , even if it 's actually a veeeery secondary system . 
  a continous flow fountain is in no way dirty , provided that you have some sort of maintenace . 
  most , if not all , of the old fountains that you will found in rome nowadays are perfecty drinkable . 
  the whole city is full of [ `` nasoni '' ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9f/nasone.jpg/800px-nasone.jpg ) , public fountains that spew a continous flow of fresh water . 
  no , he was searching for the latin for `` lead '' . 
  it is plumbum . 
  never happened to me , as far as i know , but 2 years ago someone stole my girlfriend 's mobile with a bunch of `` hot '' photo in it . 
  99,99 % the thief just erased it all , probably he did n't even turn it on , just cleaned all the memory and then sold it as used , but you know sometime the idea that some photo ended up on the web pop in my mind ... 
  luckily i followed the # 1 rule of sexting . 
  no face in it . 
  you have no idea what being autistic means . 
  if you think that a parent can call their children autistic just for the sake of it , you clearly have never seen an autistic child . 
  the fact that you just think that even the worst parent in the world could take an unruly behaviour or whichever behaviour you think needs an ass beating as autism is just ridicolous . 
  i think that if you have gotten so fat that you have to go to the zoo to get an x-ray you have either a psichiatric problem or an hormonal one . 
  people do n't get * that * fat just because they are lazy . 
  since humanity did n't get erased the first time a rabies outbreak happened , i 'm fairly certain that a week is in no way a threat to us as a specie . 
  biting is a very slow and inefficent way of transmission . 
  exactly . 
  `` a guy win by some trick against a god , that god eventually kicks his ass '' is the topic of , like , half the mithology . 
  `` the lollipop guild '', 
  well , buying the cat was a bit too much ... 
  & gt ; 100 millisecond out of sync, 
  it must be hard to be from krypton , superman . 
  you know , you watch a dubbed movie everytime you watch a cartoon or a cgi character . 
  every time . 
  since you did not state that you can not watch cartoon or cgi character , i will assume that you can . 
  your brain will fix that for you , that 's how it works . 
  edit : the downvotes for what ? 
  he himself said that he meant dubbed-over movies , so i was right !, 
  so your point is that * now * people are getting less able to speak other languages ? 
  are you serious ? 
  as in you think that 30 years ago people could speak english better than nowadays ? 
  seriously ? 
  and again , should people learn al the fucking language of the world ?
