  beside the uffizi and the david ( they are not in the same place !, 
  the one in the piazza della signoria is a copy ) you should go to palazzo pitti , palazzo vecchio , the duomo and the battistero and santa croce 's church . 
  i am forgetting something , for sure . 
  oh , try to eat at `` l'antico vinaio '' , is famous because they have the best `` panini '' ( sandwiches ) in the whole tuscany . 
  and they are huge . 
  a very popular character in one piece had a giant swastika as a tatoo on his back . 
  also , the jolly roger of his origanal crew was a swastika . 
  when the manga got huge the autor himself changed bot the tatoo and the jolly roger to something else . 
  thechnically is not a swastika , since is not tilted . 
  no , wait , this is a very old notion of parents ' rights you are using . 
  children are considered autonomos entity but some of their rights are given to the parent until they are 18 . 
  to be fair , if i see a red coblestone road that pass right in front of the door of a church , the last thing i 'm going to think is that that is a bicicle lane . 
  yes , this happened to me in amsterdam . 
  do you have a source ? 
  this looks like a 3d render honestly . 
  especially when the video cut the breaking of the zona pellucida ... 
  the funny things about this is that in italian happens the sane things , but with a different sentence . 
  the queen in the italian version says `` specchio , servo delle mie brame '' ( mirror , servant for my yearnings ) but everyone remember it as `` specchio , specchio delle mie brame '' ( mirror , mirror for my yearnings ) . 
  i wonder if this is linked to the american version , with people translating the original american error without knowing that the italiam sentence is different . 
  2.75 seems about right for the average income of nyc . 
  i want to clarify a mith : no industrialized country is dependant on tourism . 
  for some country is a good chunk of their economy and a lot of jobs would diaappear , but it 's not the main force of economy , by far . 
  now , this is kinda true for some developing nations , especially very small one , but not for the already industeialized . 
  oda is known for amazing plot twist ? 
  since when ? 
  the only plot twist that actually was unexepcted was kaku being a villain . 
  guys , this looks like a slightly above average view for paris . 
  really , you will find tons of places that looks like this . 
  this remember a tinder match i had . 
  this girls wasy saying about how she studied cinema and whatnot , and how she loved ozu , especially seven samurai . 
  i pointed out that seven samurai was a kurosawa 's movie , and she just stopped texting me . 
  private insurance is still a thing in universal healthcare , most ( all ? ), 
  european country have a private market parallel the public one . 
  if your country has a shitty situation , the fault is in your country , not in being universal . 
  putting aside political views as in `` socialism is bad '' and whatnot , those are people who think that the price for healthcare is like buying a car . 
  expensive , you can do it just every 10 years or so , but is manageable if you have an average job . 
  but this is false . 
  healthcare prices are like buying an house in a city . 
  you can not afford it with an average job without a 30 years paying plan . 
  she never saw mother caramel using her powers , she does n't know that she had that power . 
  in elbaf she was raging and is established that when bm is raging is in berserk mode , not really herself and do n't remember anything after . 
  my money is on someone tells her what mother caramel powers were , she realized what happened , and surrender/faint . 
  that 's because in japanese `` hige '' refere to the facial hairs , beard or moustaches . 
  but since oda was refering the `` actual '' blackbeard pirate , it has to be translated as `` beard '' . 
  there is actually a very good reason for that , but i do n't know how to make a spoiler tag on mobile . 
  the guy seems to have just a vague idea about what a frenulum is . 
  no , it 's that, 
  spoiler spoiler spoiler spoiler, 
  every body is already infected , and they are not immune . 
  is just that the virus activate when the person die . 
  even if a person would never get in contact with a zombie , when he die he would still turn in a zombie . 
  bites do not infect them , bites are dangerous because without drugs they get infected and kill the person . 
  which then turn in a zombie . 
  but the bites killed them because a rotting corpse is a walking disease , not because of the zombie virus . 
  you can not die because you contracted the zombie virus in the twd universe . 
  in italy smoking indoor is banned , and strangely enough , is a very well respected ban . 
  final fantasy viii . 
  i was 9 or 10 , a friend of mine somehow got hold of a copy , and in the matter of a couple of months everyone was playing it . 
  i had never ever heard of rpg before that , or of a game that big and complex . 
  it really blew my mind at the time . 
  trebuchet ms works very well for presentations . 
  it looks serious but not in a `` trying too hard '' way . 
  to be honest , people `` just wanting to help '' and then having a meltdown the first time shits happens is a serious problem for profession that deal with the safety of others . 
  this is actually a genious answer for a post-argument reconciliation . 
  i 'm writing that down . 
  noob question here : i was under the impressiona that a resting day was a necessity to build muscle properly ... is that wrong ? 
  i will do it if this test will be succesfull . 
  depression is a bitch , is a real possibility that in two weeks i will feel like shit about the fitness program , and drop it . 
  and at the moment i do n't have the money to waste on a gym subscription if there is the possibility that i will drop it . 
  as an italian , can confirm . 
  you guys did not learn italian from your grandma . 
  at best you learned some words in dialect , and then proceed to mangle them through english . 
  i have no fucking idea where gabigool came from or what is . 
  if this can help you , the way they sing in opera is so peculiar that often is very hard to understand what they are saying even if it is in your native language . 
  i am italian , and several time i ca n't understand a good chunk of what they are saying , especially if they are non native speaker . 
  trust me , every time there is a `` enclosed '' and large work enviroment , there will be a lot of sex . 
  it has to be enclosed because you must feel safe that nobody is going to judge you for it , and it has to be large because , well , you need a large pool to choose . 
  people just love to have sex . 
  critically thinking means thinking logically trhough a set of step . 
  you learn what those step are in school . 
  the last time i checked people werent exactly criticall thinkers before mass education . 
  they were pretty easily gullible on average , actually . 
  what is shandyfication ? 
  guys , it does exist 2 version of paperinik / duck avenger whatever is called in your country . 
  one is the regular `` disney '' character , a bit goofy who goes in some wacky adventures . 
  the other one is an original and amazing `` super-hero '' take on the character . 
  this version was serialized in a serie called `` pkna '' ( paperinik new adventures ) and you really , really have to read it . 
  it 's a continuity where pk/duck avenger fight against aliens that turns people in emotionless zombies because they use their emotion as energy , time-pirates and a friend-foe that has the power to explode with the force of a literal sun . 
  and they actually fight , not slapstick fight . 
  while the target * is * young adult , this is literally like marvel invented donald duck . 
  people cry and die in there . 
  oh , also you can have scene like this : http://static.tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pub/images/trauma060.jpg, 
  or having one of the boss of the bad guys looks as dramatic as this : https://68.media.tumblr.com/f0e265decd820120e2461a15d1829e73/tumblr_noyscgzcvv1usi0y2o1_500.jpg, 
  a rule of thumb ( and please ** remember i said rule of thumb , not `` proof '' ** ) in cases like this is to ask yourself `` has this actually impaired my social/work life in multiple and regular occasions ? '', 
  if the answer is yes , go to a doctor to go checked . 
  if is no , thonk twice about going . 
  ( because this is only a rule of thumb , i can not stress this enough ), 
  the point is that everyone feel lazy now and then , everyone procrastinate now and then ... 
  but people with a mental disease will not be able to stop procrastinating , or zooming out or whatever , * even if they realize perfectly that they should not doing that * . 
  a person with adhd could know * very well * that if they do not complete that report his boss will be mad , but still spend the day zooming out .
