  even now protestant bible do n't have some text that marthin luther considered not ok because the jews refused them . 
  because in proper chatolic faith ( not the dumb down versione that a common man on the street can give you ) god is not as proactive as he is in many protestant faiths . 
  it 's not like saints are god 's secretary , it 's more like saints are god 's henchmen . 
  really ? 
  nobody in your school ever had a strong headache or menstrual cramps ? 
  it 's bullshit that he was n't trained to do that , but restraining a person who can likely have a medical condition can easily turn very bad very quickly . 
  it 's way better to just run away . 
  ( obviously , life threatening situation is a whole other thing ), 
  this is the correct traslation . 
  writing ` to the house '' put too much emphasis on the `` house '' parte , which really is n't there in the originale french sentence . 
  i have exactly two questions for you . 
  but this goes beyond zero tolerance . 
  ibuprofen is a commonly used drug , everybody uses it . 
  it 's not like it can be mistaken for something else . 
  thank you , but i am italian . 
  i just studied french . 
  edit : oh , now i get it . 
  my autoccorector changed some word in italian . 
  oh , this is stupid but much more reasonable . 
  i just had a flash of this being in `` boy '' by roald dahl , his auto biography . 
  but i thought that this was a specific form of bulling , not something ( relatively ) common . 
  it 's the build up of co2 in the blood that trigger the involuntary reflex to breath , not the lack of oxygen . 
  ross ? 
  thank you !, 
  god , that is very expensive ... i knew that flower delivery was expensive , but that much ? 
  windows 95 or me ? 
  they suppres your hunger . 
  amphetamines are still used for diet , in a way . 
  this is just a smear frame . 
  99 % of the time you see something like this , cgi or regular cartoon , is just a case of smear frame . 
  they purposedly animated some frames in a way that is unnatural but when viewed quickly make a nice and smooth effect . 
  wow , they must have had a very shitty profit for each cartridge sold . 
  i do n't think there is a nation who outright banned smoking , there is always the optional to have a smoking-area . 
  i can sell you item x at a loss if i expect you to buy other items , so i still make a profit . 
  he is buying the whiskey , but he is also buying the glasses : i 'm making money off the glasses . 
  if this is one dude buying 12 bottles he is going to buy just 1 set of glasses . 
  not 12 . 
  for me to have a profit you have to buy something else for every 1 or 2 bottle . 
  if just one dude buys 12 bottle i 'm making a loss . 
  that game is about the mafia in the us ? 
  here in europe is always about wolves that eat peasanta ; very grimm-brothers-alike . 
  i really do n't see how this could be possible , even if we postulate the shittiest judge and lawyers on earth . 
  there is simply not legal ground for this to happen . 
  my guess is that something else happened , and your friend told that story to justify himself . 
  to be honest , it is now . 
  i remember clearly that until 2010 or so , you really have to ask if that new game would run on your system . 
  nowadays is mostly a `` how good will it run '' , because gpu are cheap enough that even crap pc bought pre-assembled by your father are somewhat acceptable . 
  but then this was n't the case , buying a game that simply wo n't run at a playable speed was a real possibility . 
  also , you before vista windows crashed a lot . 
  i 've seen a blue screen of death twice since vista came out . 
  it was a regular occurence before vista . 
  since i 'm late here , i will change the topic . 
  i 'm the only one annoyed by the op of the other thread saying that freud and marx are frowned down ? 
  freud has been mostly disproven , but in a `` he did his best '' way , not in a `` he was an idiot '' way, 
  marx is still studied by economist , there are parts of his writings that are simply economica theory , not political one . 
  until now i thought that `` do n't ask do n't tell '' was a catchy name for an unofficial policy . 
  i did n't think that it was an actual , codified , rule . 
  it may be from the republic of sal\u00f2 . 
  thank you . 
  actual genius children are * extremely * rare . 
  most of the children that goes like `` genius '' in their school or community are actually just precocious , sometime very precocius . 
  when they will grow up they will be no smarter than anybody else . 
  this is extremely important to understand , because putting those children in special school or courses means bringing them away from the healthy socialization of their peers . 
  this is how you create the asshole whith a gigantic ego that can not stand failure . 
  water in the tubes , probably . 
  it can cause a lot of noise if the pressure is right or if it vibrates against something else . 
  it 's when pages have more than one admin running them , so you know who postes what . 
  nothing bad with this . 
  there is no way that a 3 $ ride was economically viable . 
  uber is famous for giving huge discount in some areas , efectively taking a loss on each ride . 
  it 's very probable that they decide that it was n't sostenibile anymore to take the loss in your area . 
  getting knocked out is very very serious business . 
  movies make it seems like not big deal , but actually it works like this :, 
  being out for a few minutes : bring him to an hospital as soon as possible . 
  being out for more than a few minutes : bring him to an hospital as soon as possible and prepare for the worst . 
  it 's probable that it will have a run in theathers as a first release . 
  it makes no sense to not do it economically , there is an incredible quantity of money there . 
  in the extremely unlikely possibility that this happen to me i have a `` plan '' for this stuff . 
  i would fake to have gained a good amount of money from an heredity or something like that , but nothing too big . 
  something like `` yes aunt mary left me 400k !, 
  how crazy is that ! '', 
  this would permit me to move in a slightly better house and buy a nice car without too much question , and do something like an expensive holiday once in a while . 
  at the some time i would say that i decided to invest a good chunk of those money in some funds , or business . 
  slowly over the years i would move to a slightly richer lifestile every 2-3 years , saying that the money in the fund/business are doing very well . 
  this way nobody will think that i have milions in bank . 
  obviously this work if you do not plan to buy a mega house or a ferrari . 
  i honestly do n't care about those kind of luxury . 
  almost all the modern western language have a simpler grammar than latin . 
  authors put a lot of emphasis in being eloquent , thehy actually studied how to be eloquent ( the rethoric ) in their common core of studies . 
  some authors , like cicero , where mocked in their own time to be even top much eloquent some time . 
  i really do n't know what you are talking about . 
  in most of europe ( at least western ) you do not take of your shoes in another person house , unless you really are close friends with them . 
  and even if you are , it 's not like is expected ... is still not really common . 
  ahah that is an italian blogger who got famous because he opened a facebook page where he does things like this , on purpose . 
  but he usualy do it with the outfit of famous people . 
  he is a comedian . 
  look for `` dario fashion blogger '' . 
  yes , eu has threatened war against the uk and nobody is talking about it . 
  totally . 
  no big deal .
