  we do n't miss it . 
  it 's the whole idea of not having all the important stuff covered , not matter what , that frigthen us . 
  the idea of having to check if your insurance cover this or that every time you are sick is enough to be considered bad , even if the response is `` yes , it covers it '' . 
  the fact that you still consider absolutely normal to cite god in the public speech of politicians , or of people holding a public office . 
  here no one would ever think of doing it , even the politicians that make a fuss everyday about `` tradition '' and `` family '' . 
  the idea of the president or anyone else holding a public office using `` god '' in a speech it 's absolutely unthinkable . 
  and i 'm from italy , not scandinavia or something like that , the government is litterally a few metro stops from the vatican . 
  ( oh , and also your patriotism ), 
  i have a feeling that has never happened . 
  unless the sweden anthem actually has something racis in it . 
  it may happens , most anthems were written when the `` you guys sucks so much '' was an acceptable form of foreign relationship . 
  i got that , but i was talking about not having to worry of anything about that . 
  i understand that it 's perfectly possible to have an insurance which covers all your needings from here to the last day of your life , but it is also possibile to not having that . 
  to have an insurance who pull some nasty `` eeeeh we do n't feel like to cover that because of x '' , or to get seriously ill and thus `` making '' a medical bill that go over your maximum . 
  or not having an insurance at all , as you said . 
  we have a system that basically works like a subscription : you pay a monthly fee ( the taxes ) and you have access to * all * the availlable stuff . 
  no caveats , no maximum , nothing . 
  the only person who can say what you will use or not is you doctor . 
  the only exception is dentistry , in most countries . 
  ( obviously that is an over semplification , different countries have different rules and you could pay , in some cases , a little co-payment of 40 $ or even less ), 
  this is what frighten us , and the real shift in mentality . 
  the fact that thing could go very well or very bad dealing with the insurance company . 
  we do n't have this mentality , at all . 
  it should n't even exist the * possibility * that you could have financial trouble for you healtcare . 
  realistically speaking , i would say pokemon , or a game like that . 
  no death , 99 % of the people are extremely kind and cheerful , colorful ambient , even the worst criminal organization ca n't do more than rob you , and you can pursue a carreer as a pokemon trainer , basically doing what the hell you want when you want . 
  edit : i didnt ' t expect all this attention . 
  it 's the first time since i 'm an user . 
  totally forgot about that . 
  still , it 's a very exceptional event . 
  try to go to some thugs in a gang and say some shit to them in real life . 
  you getting killed will not be an exceptional event . 
  i guarantee that . 
  for the whole marowak and raticate story . 
  they are not canon , and i was talking about human death . 
  more specifically , violent humand death . 
  obviously people die of old age and whatnot , and you have to eat something , thus killing it . 
  the kadabra part is totally new for me . 
  now , i know that we are rationalizing about a pokemon game , but the world of pokemon is largely a way benevolent place . 
  a couple of hint by the developer of some bad stuff does n't make it a shithole . 
  you have no problem to make money . 
  most people are kind and cheerful , war and stuff like that seems to be inesistent ( yes , i rememebr the backstory of x/y . 
  i 'm talking about nowadays pokemon world ) and again crime seems to be a very limited problem . 
  it 's a place so safe that 10 years old can go wandering around the world on their own and nothing bad happens to them , most of the people they meet will actively help them . 
  how can that be a shithole ? 
  if that is a shithole our real life world should be like the shithole of the shithole of the shithole of the shithole of the shitole of the shithole ? 
  you can not do a comparison between a non-existant utopistic world where everything is perfect and the pokemon world , you have to make it between our wolrd or the world of others videogames and the pokemon world . 
  thus the pokemon world appears to be an incredibly benevolent world . 
  that 's way more complex than the actual reason . 
  so that one friends episode where the girls find a book about `` the wind '' was mocking this ? 
  do you honestly think that a persone working in a jewelry store would pull a scam like that ? 
  it 's a jewelry store , it 's not like they hire the first guy who shows up . 
  and since you were a toursit , i 'm inclined to think that you were shopping in one of those fancy ( more than you usual jewelry store ) one that deal primarily with tourists . 
  she was trying to flatter you to make you buy something , or she was actually interested in you . 
  or you heard it wrong . 
  i was born with a slightly larger ureter ( not urethra ! ), 
  and that caused a reflux of urine from the bladder , something that can cause an infection . 
  i had to take an antibiotic daily until the ureter did grow of the right size . 
  in a pre-antibiotics era i would have had a good chanche of getting a kidney infection , and thus a good chanche of getting kidney faillure . 
  and dying before my 3rd birthday or so . 
  for some reason i * read * , the name of hermione granger as garanger . 
  i actually read like 3 books reading it every time as `` garanger '' . 
  i have no idea why . 
  i was also 10 or 9 years old . 
  natrium should be latin too ... or at least it sounds very latin . 
  edit : the joy of speaking a romance language . 
  in italian most of them are slightly modified version of the latin name : ferrum = ferro , argentum = argento , stannum = stagno , aurum = oro , plumbum = piombo . 
  the odd ones are copper , antimony and mercury , we call them rame , antimonio and mercurio . 
  now i 'm curious to know why for some element we do not use the latin name . 
  whell , at least your mistake is somewhat undestandable : your brain fixed what you where reading with an * actual * word . 
  it just assumed that something starting with `` priv - '' * must * ends with `` ate '' , as it was used . 
  but my extra `` a '' ? 
  that 's god ? 
  oh shit , oh shit , everyone was wrong , everyone was wrong , oh shit , oh shit , oh shit , oh shit ... '', 
  `` oh , that 's the afterlife ? 
  i knew that they were right !, 
  son , the right religion is ... '' and then dies . 
  maybe the last one is more trolling than causing mass confusion . 
  well , if the vehicle is the one from duell ... 
  what 's the deal with the use of blue and azure ( and other shades ) ? 
  it is used by a lot of countries , even countries who do not have it in their flag . 
  i know that italy use it because it was the colour of the savoia family , the color of the former king of italy ... but i have no idea about the others team . 
  a very formal way of greetings ( seriously , never use it , ever . 
  even with , like , the pope . 
  that 's medieval stuff , it 's like using `` my lord '' ) in italian is `` salute '' , which is `` healthy '' , and is the shortened form for `` i wish that you are/will be healty '' . 
  maybe they both come from the latin `` vale '' ? 
  he is argentinian , so he speaks spanish . 
  i do n't know about his education , but i 'm sure he speaks english , because who does n't at the top level of an international organization ( i 'm talking about archbishops ) ? 
  and as you said he speaks italian , as every pope have to do for obvious reason . 
  actyally in italian that would be `` come vorrei saper leggere l'inglese '' . 
  but a slightly more `` common '' translation would be `` come vorrei saper parlare inglese '' . 
  yes , his mother tongue is spanish . 
  but he is argentinian . 
  there is absolutely * no evidence * leading to the conclusion that you will be still alive 5 minute after reading this sentence . 
  it 's highly unprobable , but absolutely possibile . 
  an artery can pop in your brain . 
  you can have an heart attack . 
  the fact that last time you checked you were healty and that you are not right now in a dangerous situation just lower your probability of dying in the next 5 minutes , by a lot . 
  but erasing it ? 
  oh , i 'm sorry to hear that !,
