we are anti everything !, 
  got a thing ? 
  we can oppose it !, 
   ideally , it would send all pictures and video in real time to a receiver via mobile internet / sattelite . 
  there is an app that does that for phones, 
  nottingham http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/59/tram_at_station_street_terminus_in_nottingham_-_geograph.org.uk_-_133038.jpg, 
  `` here comes the aeroplane '' just got sinister, 
  no potato , only malnourish, 
  cyprus ... well done, 
  look at the us-mexico border ... wow, 
  czech yourself before you reck yourself ... 
  i 'm so sorry ... 
  it allows intervention ( possibly to defend an ally ) and also deters attack, 
  you should just give up , 
  then you are n't wanted , to be an austrian you must drink cider that is so strong that it would melt other men from the inside out , you must be able to yodle a mountain to dust , you must be able to start large fights with no one noticing . 
  if you can do all of this you are allowed to stay in austria, 
  but a new nation has to put up with a lot of shit , joining organisation , exact borders , presumably a standing army , presumably a presidential election , all the uk 's organisations like border control and so on will have to be replaced partly and paid for and that i before we get into bullshit beurocracy . 
  i do n't mind if scotland goes independent , i just hope it goes well, 
  does n't scotland have to wait a few years to join the eu if it becomes independent ? 
  those may be some of the toughest years scotland has gone through in a long time, 
  thisappears to ignore the fact rivers canbe blocked and lakes can be cut off from the sea , nottingham gets flooded because of the thames , at worst we divert it into derby , 
  [ i bet he has ] ( http://31.media.tumblr.com/83f264388b776fdb37cd4cf9b362b2ec/tumblr_n0oe1bftms1s6ylubo1_1280.jpg ), 
  truth hurts !, 
  czech yourself before you wreck yourself, 
  england : hitchhikers guide to the galaxy , not a classic i grant you but it will let you see the world the way an englishman sees it , full of fear and towels, 
  gets you all the pub quizzes, 
  1 attempt , mixed up qatar and bahrain, 
  i already use open office , after that i would never pay for office software again, 
  what is my flag ? 
  cant make it out, 
  for airstrip one !, 
  your welcome , 
  double check your leg, 
  note to self , when i become a dictator make sure my statues are more stable than lenin 's, 
  it is legal but suspended from happening, 
  saudi arabia , oman and technically russia also . 
  at the very least 700,000 kulaks ( wealthier farmers , traders and other middle class types ) were kiled by the soviets in the 20 's and 30 's and more were deported to the gulag, 
  just including expansions of the eu to save a redesign, 
  you can set up filter by flair pretty easily afaik, 
  the edl and co sometimes wave gay pride flags around, 
  birming , the place of no-go zones ham is haram so was removed, 
  it 's mainly on the north american plate , it 's capital is on the na plate so it could be argued the nation is not in europe . 
  as for who would argue , i do n't know, 
  iceland 's capital is on the north american plate if iceland is in europe turkey should be also cyprus is on the asian plate if cyprus is in europe because of culture so is most of russia, 
  some would argue about iceland and cyprus being in europe, 
  there are a fair few places missing, 
  if the majorityof people want out then the referendum should reflect that , that is the purpose of the vote . 
  whether there should be a referendum is another matter but camerons system seems like the better of two options, 
  so ni with ~ 3 % of the population should have a quater of the vote ? 
  you have to do it by overall majority or there is a massive overrepresentation of certain nations . 
  it is undemocratic to do it by nation , unless scotland stays in the eu and the others leave , which would be impossible . 
  unless i 'm misunderstanding your suggested system, 
  that guy is the co-chairman of milah uk which is a jewish organisation that promotes circumsision . 
  he is heavily biased towards circumcision . 
  not that he is wrong but it should be taken with a pinch of salt http://www.milahuk.org, 
  there was but he was sent back in 2013 afaik, 
  first is taiping rebellion, 
  please , we insist you take it, 
  they 're just increasing the value of greece, 
  it 's for deaf basketball players , a rather specific group , it is n't suprising there was n't a big fuss about it, 
  6 next ? 
  why are there no big newspapers covering this ? 
  so you are saying i should build a toll road in georgia ? 
  every time he smiles , an angel dies, 
  but we just ordered the engines !, 
  oh please , tinfoil terry has been saying that one for months , think of some original conspiracies , like how isis invented the us to make the middle east bad enough for them to exist , it holds up if you do n't think about it, 
  this is more like argentina than poland, 
  back in the mid 1800s egypt went bankrupt whilst trying to modernise , they sold their shares in the suez to the british . 
  soon after the british and french pushed for more and more control of egypt , internationalising parts of the country and managing the nations finance . 
  eventually this dual control between the uk and france led to british occupation of egypt after revolts across the country threatened the massive investments made by britain and france . 
  i doubt greece will come under direct control of it 's debtors though ( although they do push policies on greece it still has choice and input ) , hence my original comment . 
  that was one of the largest bailouts in history and it ended pretty badly . 
  you could probably draw several parallels between the cases . 
  probably not an egyptian style bankrupcy, 
  best of luck to you, 
  just remember that cost of living is higher in europe , those 6000 dollars wo n't get you as far in serbia compared to kyrgyzstan . 
  where you planning on going if you get out ? 
  i agree . 
  i 'm saying swedish immigrants are not fennoswedes , not that fennoswedes are n't fins, 
  no , they are n't , the comment towards the top of this chain counted all swedish speakers as native fins despite there being actual swedes lumped in there with the fennoswedes , who seem to count as native by most definitions, 
  there is still a difference between a person fresh from sweden and somebody who 's family has lived there for generations , it takes many years and possibly multiple generations for them to integrate . 
  50 years ago my family were n't native to britain but within a generation they were and by now there is nothing left but analogies to tell swedes on the internet . 
  how funny we talking ? 
  west country , yorkshire or midlands compared to the south ? 
  if scotland left and i moved there i would n't consider myself a native but the english who had lived there for a few generations would be . 
  england splitting in.half implies pretty much everyone in finland is swedish or vice versa where there are basically zero differences . 
  although if it had been a long time since the split i would n't consider myself a native , there are cultural differences in england which would grow without a single nation , language particuarly, 
  the irish from the roi would not be native here despite over a thousand years of contact , they would count as immigrants , same as a somalian . 
  similar does not mean native, 
  but they would not be natives, 
  i know but are i was wondering if all swedish speakers were fins or if there were some actual swedes who would be being counted as natives when they are not . 
  is there a survey asking the people which group they identify as , swede or fennoswede ? 
  all of the 5 % are fennoswedes ? 
  can you tell swedes from fennoswedes in the data or is no distinction made ? 
  makes sense , although his approval rating was high during 90 it was the gulf war that put him over the edge, 
  i assumed we were comparing peak popularity . 
  what did sr do to get his peak ? 
  i assume it has something to do with the collapse of communism, 
  just grabbed from this wiki article , seems trustworthy enough numbers wise https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_presidential_approval_rating#historical_comparison, 
  1 % more , and he can beat bush jr , he is tied with bush sr atm,
