  you get graded out of 50 for the question, 
  shhh , let the lack of logic flow through you, 
  they go by the name of ssss, 
  i 've been playing too many mods , 
  afaik it can gain cores via events, 
  nekrolog is a really cool word, 
  many languages do n't make the distinction in everyday talk, 
  tulip economy only economy, 
   london is no longer a city no , it is n't under those circumstances, 
  no , any place that is abandoned for that long is no longer a city in theory it can become a city again if people returned in enough numbers , but for the meantime it is not . 
  just like how pripyat is not a city but chernobyl is because there are still people there, 
  afaik it has to have a population to be a city , if not it is a ghost town, 
  [ so does this place ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6b/battle-ship_island_nagasaki_japan.jpg ) it was once a city several decades ago but is n't anymore, 
  it is n't a city if there are next to no people there, 
  it has remained abandoned ever since . 
  entry is forbidden to the public . 
   actually an organisation of political prisoners would fascists not be political prisoners also ? 
  not that they were all fascist , but some of them may have been, 
  no , he is an evil greedy mountain cockroach german, 
   we 're our own country keep telling yourself that , western bavarian, 
  it is 8.33 k per person per year , which is perhaps slightly above normal but not masively generous, 
  just area , singapore is a microstate with a large population, 
  all sources are unreliable to one extent or another , to disregard this leak entirely would be foolish, 
  it is more authoritarian nationalism , i doubt putin wishes to create the economic aspects of fascism which failed mussolini, 
   central america . 
  usca , never forget, 
  they have holy see passports , not sure of they are citizens, 
  but there are marriage laws in the vatican despite the no marrying thing, 
  aye , what kind of wankers ban a union between people who love each other ? 
  this is a referendum , not an election, 
  it 's not the vote that counts it 's who counts the votes, 
  guess i 'm irish lads !, 
  what are the polls looking like for this ? 
  military equipment is very expensive , particularly stuff like this that is made in small numbers for specialist uses . 
  it costs about as much as a tank , which is reasonable, 
  by not eating whale, 
  water has a tendency to keep flowing , wind however can change and in such a small country this has a big consequence . 
  whilst importing is a solution it should n't be relied on for everything , particuarly when that also leans heavily on offshore wind . 
  wind is fine but power sources should be as diverse as possible . 
  tidal , wave and such are just , if not more , important . 
  a confederation is nations holding up a structure a federation is a structure holding the nations, 
  it is n't feasible to get too much energy from it because of how much it fluctuates . 
  unless some fuckwit thinks windpower just does n't work, 
  just have to pay more to get better minatures , then instead of an imperial right you get a terminator right, 
  virgin gave me a free upgrade because i complained to them , that 's the same as this / s, 
  it was a joke , clearly moldova should annex romania, 
  romania , now is your chance, 
  would you like a blanket ? 
  it can get awfully cold, 
  respect the e-mam !, 
  i can read and understand all the german in this post but i ca n't speak it or understand spoken german, 
  it might mess you up though en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatoli_bugorski, 
  well , they 've declared independence/autonomy a few times in the 20th century so it is hardly `` invented '', 
  germany , particuarly the rhine because it feels similar to home , i speak german and i do n't want to leave europe, 
  she 's just sort of there , nobody cares too much about her, 
  we have national pride ? 
  do n't be sad friend !, 
  take pills instead !, 
  crimea does n't want independence ... and not everyone recognises kosovo ... 
  annex part of czechoslovakia, 
  the tea my boy , we must take it from them !, 
  keep calm and carry on, 
  owlsama bin laden is dead !, 
  i do n't trust those percentages, 
  `` calculate the resistivity of muhammad 's sword , if it has a resistance of 2 ohms , a cross sectional area of 4cm squared , a length of 1.5 metres and is coated in the blood of an infidel '', 
  i would argue that yugoslavia , whilst not on either side , was certainly soviet influence in the style of government and ideology , they may not have listened to moscow past the early years but it was the reason they were communist in the first place, 
  churchill coined the phrase , his interpretation is the one i respect . 
  i know yugoslavia and albania went their own ways but they were behind the curtain of a divided euripe even if they did n't march to moscow 's drum, 
  `` from stettin in the baltic to trieste in the adriatic an `` iron curtain '' has descended across the continent . '', 
  yes it was, 
  cyprus has a number of armenians and since neither like turkey cyprus is supporting armenia . 
  very sorry mr red, 
  right you are mr tired, 
   islamists have nothing on poland they helped in iraq , which might draw the target towards them, 
  there are chickenpox vaccines now though also , though i 've never had one . 
  if we have no agents none of them can betray us , makes perfect sense, 
   europe is a huge trading partner of europe -_-, 
  turkey has one of the largest armies in the world and is in an important region . 
  i 'm just on about the last few days , i did n't mean to detract from that attack in any way, 
  baghdad , beirut and now paris . 
  moscow and london should be on high alert , possibly tehran also, 
  [ this is one of my favourites , it 's just so odd ] ( https://alienseries.files.wordpress.com/2014/01/the-headquarters-of-benito-musolini-and-the-italian-fascist-party-taken-in-rome-in-1930.jpg ), 
  libya had a half decent hdi tbh, 
  what if it turns out people of x ethnicity are being massively failed by the government ? 
  woukd you not want that info to help them ? 
  russia tends to have larger nukes , america has many tactical ones in comparison . 
  there are a small number of turkomen , but not enough to make it worth it . 
  june 16 , 2015, 
  i 've seen a serb flag take the albanian side before , madness, 
  to be fair you did just have your own one, 
  i guess this makes the holiday to mexico a bit pointless, 
  ai n't no radiation like cherenkov radiation . 
   nato having an obligation to uphold democracy ha, 
  if it was any other nation i would brush this off , but the dutch declared war on the sea , and won . 
  yes , under the heel of moldova !, 
  gle is irish, 
  tf is going on in fergana valley ? 
  and north iran, 
  text give to 8372 , for just # 5 a month you can help save a poor norwegian refugee . 
  was n't the blast larger than the range on those things ?
