so i have been an accidental tourist attraction twice , but they 've all been abroad . 
  funnily my hair was the cause in both instances . 
  when i was 6-ish me and my family went to paris , were me and my sister 's blonde hair made us quite popular with both tourists and native parisians . 
  there is some japanese man who has a picture of himself posing with us in the elevator of the eiffel tower . 
  the second incident was when i was travelling in the uk and had dyed my hair blue . 
  i had an asian girl come up to me and tried to take a photo with me , when i just thought she was asking for directions . 
  this is my dream job , but goddammit is it cut throat to get employed as one . 
  how did you score the job ? 
  my hometown in v\u00e4sterg\u00f6tland has a small enclave of ugandan indian refugees . 
  we 're 48 people with my surname in sweden . 
  lipsyl for lip balm as well . 
  sweden -  uk . 
  hoping to stay past 2019 . 
  i 've said for a long while that i 'd name a daughter beata maria , but mostly because it would be funny . 
  my favourite swedish metal band is therion . 
  and ghost if you count proto-metal under the umbrella of heavy metal . 
  curry sauce is the best condiment for chips . 
  no competition . 
  the yorkshire dales . 
  fish and chips . 
  heavy metal . 
  tim berners-lee . 
  i 'm a swede in the uk and i have internalised the brits ' crisp culture . 
  it 's very common to buy your every day lunches at shops which consists of a sandwich , a packet of crisps and soda . 
  you see people snacking all the time in public , on buses and in work places . 
  in scotland it 's also quite common to put crisps in your sandwiches and eat it that way . 
  so i totally believe that they annually eat a crap ton of it . 
  is n't walpurgis a medieval tradition ? 
  and university students in general , especially the us or uk ( like myself ) . 
  that 's so cool . 
  i felt like my re classes were quite poor even in gymnasiet . 
  i 'm glad they 've diversified it a bit . 
  when was shintoism added to the curriculum ? 
  i certainly was n't taught about it . 
  my mom and her siblings are second generation immigrants from finland . 
  three out of four are legal swedish citizens , but mostly for practical reasons such as avoiding conscription . 
  at first glance you would have no clue that they 're anything else but swedish , but when you get to know them they 're quite steadfast to their finnish identity . 
  problem is that people in finland do n't consider them finnish , so instead they 're keen on advocating a swedish-finnish identity for themselves . 
  i ca n't see this being any different for immigrants from mena or thailand in sweden . 
  big ngos have general requirements for being hired on their websites . 
  master 's in political science is a generic qualification , but there are specialist positions with their respective requirements for being hired . 
  knowing multiple european languages is also commonly needed . 
  i 'd also recommend you check out / r/iwantout . 
  the aspirated ( ? ), 
  h in a word like kahvi . 
  how am i supposed to make it sound nice without sounding like i 'm dying ?!, 
  also the fact that as a native swedish speaker with finnish family , it 's such a difficult to language to learn and i 'm scared that my grandfather will soon forget the little swedish he already has . 
  then i wo n't be able to communicate with him unless i become reasonably good at it in a very short time . 
  you can find them in the uk , but i have never seen anyone actually owing one or really knowing what they are . 
  most people buy pre-sliced cheese . 
  i have family in haparanda , and while use kronor , euros are everywhere . 
  every shop takes them , but not all them will give change back in euro . 
  he 's almost 19 years old but still travels and stays in hotel rooms with the family . 
  i 'll probably be leaving in a year 's time to my home country , before the shitstorm of article 50 takes place . 
  i 'm in the `` ancient '' scottish uni system . 
  as per tradition , it 's a four year degree but is equal to a three year undergraduate degree that 's common in england and wales . 
  your degree starts out with three different subjects that are equally weighed . 
  in your second year , you continue on with two and switch out the third subject for a new first year level course . 
  once you hit your third year , you enter honours where you focus on either one or two subjects ( which creates a joint honours degree ) . 
  at my uni , specific degrees will have some requirements . 
  so i studied linguistics , so i had to do english literature as well , but i do n't consider that to irrelevant to my subject . 
  if you want to study a science degree , the first two years are often quite similar to each other in the range of courses but then gets specialised in your honours years . 
  but if you had chosen specifically physics or astrophysics courses but wanted to switch to ecology in your third year , that probably would n't be possible . 
  so there 's little to no room to be forced into studying something irrelevant to your degree , but you can choose it yourself in the first or second year . 
  i ca n't seem to find any good reports on this topic besides for the education board 's own statistics over their students in these classes . 
  only 64 % of students pass one course ( out of four possible in different levels of difficulty ) and 24 % stop attending them during their enrollment . 
  from my own experience when volunteering in one of these classes , it did n't seem to be too efficient and some students found it frustrating . 
  but i have no numbers or figures to back up the programme 's success or failure at all . 
  this is also a thing in sweden , called svenska f\u00f6r invandrare ( swedish for immigrants ) . 
  you get a comparable amount of money for attending swedish classes regularly and doing work experience/internships with local companies that are a part of the integration scheme . 
  bob 's your uncle . 
  apparently [ abisko ] ( http://www.auroraskystation.com/en/ ) in sweden is supposed to be the best place to view them . 
  in sweden , orthodontics is free alongside almost all dental procedures for children and young adults . 
  the age limit depends on your county , which is the administrative authority over their own region 's hospitals and dental programmes . 
  i think you 're covered up until 25 in my county , so i got braces completely free . 
  afterwards , you typically purchase dental insurance of you pay after each individual appointment or treatment . 
  slogan is scots , too . 
  i think that was a kind of battlecry . 
  [ asta kask ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsqzqvrrue4 ) is a punk band from my hometown . 
  [ linda bengtzing is a local pop singer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mdgv5w4wcl8 ) . 
  i do n't feel the need to be convinced . 
  just like some of my other opinions , like my political ideology , it 's mostly based on emotion . 
  and i 'm a laissez-faire kind of person , so i do n't really care in the end what other people do or how humanity will turn out . 
  i 'll be long gone by then . 
  we all have our own rights to our lives and bodies , so i 'd never aim to restrict that beyond sharing my opinion here and there . 
  there 's a lot of factors , including environmental ones . 
  but fundamentally , i believe that life is suffering . 
  that 's the only thing i agree with buddhists on . 
  it 's not a tough choice for me because i happen to have this particular conviction , plus not having kids personally would be the soundest decision i could make for many reasons . 
  but they 're not pro-life in the literal sense , which i think is what the comment i responded to was using the term as . 
  i 'm an antinatalist and i can assure you i 'm sound of mind and body . 
  do you know what antinatalism is ? 
  i think those people would be not pro-life . 
  you should really study medicine related degrees in the country you 're thinking of practicing in , or at least make sure that you can easily transfer your qualifications across boarders . 
  every country has their own laws and requirements to both study and practice medicine , not to mention the importance of understanding scientific jargon as well . 
  is religious studies actually religious studies , i.e. 
  about the various religions found today , or is it more dogmatically geared ? 
  because i see no harm in teaching kids about world religions if it 's done without pushing agendas . 
  funny thing , i 'm actually swedish-finnish . 
  so i 'm betraying two cultures at the same time .
