  the king can not change laws directly . 
  but then again , influence ... he is in a high position in society and he does take advantage of it sometimes and speaks out on political manners . 
  and the fact is that the monarchy costs millions of swedish krona every year . 
  that tourists likes the family does , for me personally , not mean we should keep it this way . 
  we can keep the castle and all other royal stuff as part of history and it will still be interesting for tourists . 
  after all , people are going to north korea ( the `` lucky '' few who get to go there ) because it 's a unique nation in many ways . 
  but that does n't mean it should be kept this way . 
  anyone who defends the arguments that they are only figureheads have obviously no knowledge whatsoever in simple sociology theories or even political science theories about the importance of symbolic power . 
  i 'm a swede . 
  so i know what it 's like to live in a monarchy . 
  let 's take this step-by-step : 1 . 
  you ca n't get charged for rape in sweden for not using a condom . 
  if you refer to assange , he has n't been charged for anything -- he is wanted for questioning ( and not because he did n't use a condom , one of the allegations are that he ripped a condom ) . 
  confusing culture with discrimination ? 
  wow ... that 's one sad way to look at it . 
  there can be discrimination within culture as well as there can be institutionalized discrimination . 
  i am well aware of the slovene culture by now , not only the incredible upsides ( after all , i 'm in the country and i love it here ) but also the downsides . 
  and i 'm pleased that my girlfriend ( i 'm a guy , even though i stand up for women ) has shown me both the bad and good sides . 
  i 'm not a feminist . 
  i have already gotten my fair share of beatings from feminists who do n't agree with my critique toward them . 
  but i am a firm believer in equality , in the right 's for everyone no matter what gender or sexual orientation you have -- and no matter where you live . 
  how is it immature to believe that all people should have the same rights and no one should be looked down upon because of their gender ? 
  it 's obviously completely useless trying to explain anything to you . 
  i was n't comparing feminism , i was comparing scenarios where when just because x exists , does n't mean y disappear . 
  how is this not logical to you ? 
  it 's not entirely true . 
  first of all , revolutions did n't happen in the widespread way you 're claiming . 
  even so , let 's take other examples : feminism on the rise in india -- still it 's an awful country for equality . 
  feminism in slovenia is on the rise as well , with a very strong movement behind them -- still , it 's an awful country because of the very strong conservative culture that still exists here . 
  the fact that something exists in a big scale just means the problem is just as big or even bigger . 
  i do n't understand why this does n't sound logical to you ? 
  sweden as a feminist haven is a lie . 
  it is true it 's a country with a lot of progress , i already admitted to this . 
  i 'm born and raised in sweden and i do like the progress -- but to think we 're done and it 's perfect is a shame . 
  and to say sweden 's off well because other countries have it worse is just being an apologist/relativist , completely unproductive . 
  sweden has a long way to go . 
  women still earn less , women still face discrimination at work , and home . 
  personally , i am mostly worried about the discrimination and chauvinism on the street , the thing that goes on every day . 
  i think if this can be changed , the other issues will be solved as well . 
  like a grassroot solution . 
  the problem i have with slovenia is that it has a very traditional culture in the job industry when it comes to equality . 
  it seems stuck in a deadpan , even though it has a female prime minister at the moment . 
  you can ask anyone fighting for the rights of lesbians , any feminist activist here and they 'll tell you that slovenia has a long way to go . 
  apart from that there 's also the issue of the every day chauvinism i feel here . 
  my female friends have some stories about their encounters with it that disgusts me , things like men in the same age being very pushy about sex so they physically have to save themselves . 
  slovenia does n't have the same discussions about what constitutes rape or not as well . 
  so anytime i bring the swedish feminist attitude into the discussion ( that any form of non-consensual sex , that is to say where not both parties have expressed their consent , is rape ) it 's completely new to them . 
  another thing is what goes on the universities , with teachers being very authoritarian towards female students . 
  often offering sexual relationships . 
  from what i understand , this is very common -- and once again , my female friends have their own stories of this . 
  and then there 's one more thing , old men who open their wallet on the street to young girls to show they have money and then simply says `` this will be all yours if you follow me home '' . 
  that 's just disgusting ... and it does indeed happen . 
  that 's like saying `` if revolutionaries in eastern europe were big in the 19th and early 20th century -- would n't that mean there were no issues ? '', 
  of course it is . 
  why do you think feminism is so big in sweden ? 
  because we have a lot of issues . 
  if you think sweden is heaven of equality , you 're dead wrong . 
  it 's a big topic because it exists . 
  and i know it 's worse in other countries . 
  as i stated , i am now staying in slovenia and it 's really bad here when it comes to equality and the mindset of equality . 
  home country , sweden : nazi/right-wing fascists or just every day racists . 
  male chauvinism and old white men . 
  currently staying in slovenia : young men who think girls are a there for their taking . 
  older men who think young girls are there for their taking . 
  how difficult was learning the language ? 
  i am currently learning . 
  but it 's a very difficult language to learn . 
  it 's alright though , it takes time . 
  any hostility ? 
  people here are very nice . 
  and most people speak english , so it 's easy to communicate . 
  do you feel integrated ? 
  do you have a timeline on when you will ? 
  it 's all about language at this point . 
  the lifestyle is pretty similar to sweden . 
  so i do feel at home most of the time . 
  how is your new country better/worse than your old one ? 
  the caf\u00e9 situation is much better . 
  i like how laid back it is when you can sit down and the waiter will come to you to take the order . 
  in sweden you have to go to the counter and make the order . 
  other than that , most things are the same . 
  some things are n't as evolved as in sweden though . 
  but nothing that really matters in the end . 
  you hear a lot about corrupt police , though i 've never encountered any . 
  are you planning to settle ? 
  i do n't know yet . 
  how difficult was it to gain employment in your new country ? 
  i do n't have employment . 
  but slovenia is very bad off economically right now and it 's difficult for people here too . 
  so being a none-slovene and not knowing the language is just a no-go . 
  any things you wish you knew before you left ? 
  not really . 
  perhaps know myself better . 
  be comfortable with being an outsider . 
  and i did n't know i would miss my friends as much as i sometimes do . 
  is the quality of life better in your new one ? 
  pretty much the same . 
  but i like it here , so i feel better in many ways . 
  do you find the culture overwhelming ? 
  it 's not very foreign to me at all .
