  how difficult was/is it making new friends ? 
  ( with other emigrants and also the natives ) . 
  it 's so and so . 
  people are very friendly and i have made a friend or two . 
  but i find it hard to get close to people , both here and in sweden . 
  what 're your future plans ? 
  trying to get established . 
  what were your reasons for moving ? 
  love . 
  i completely agree , and i certainly do n't speak with the accent that i was taught either . 
  i guess i have a wide mix of a bit of swedish , british and american-english in my accent today . 
  my old english teacher from elementary would burn you alive . 
  not only did we have to speak british-english , we also had to say the letter r with the tip of the tongue , like the posh british accent calls for . 
  so i just remember saying `` very well '' over and over again , and her correcting me . 
  also in sweden : the sinking of estonia . 
  some people believe it was a bomb blast that brought estonia down to the ocean floor . 
   and that makes people think that the court is politically motivated and does not pursue justice , but only serves to blame the serbs . 
  and they are right . 
  war and its aftereffects is a pretty primitive thing . 
  almost every modern war has ended with the `` west '' looking for someone to put the blame on and then solely go after that nation state , and often then its leader . 
  even if serbian leaders such as milosevic and * definitely * mladic is to blame for many of the atrocities , a just cause would be to also pursue the leaders who were responsible for similar acts but who were on the `` good side '' . 
  serbia is the woman you need , but do not deserve . 
  this is how i like tourist agencies to be . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  what 's needed in this situation is not for huge media outlets to put fuel on the fire . 
  there 's enough hatred and overall strong emotions against greece and it certainly is n't helping this very difficult situation that not only greece is in , but also the eu . 
  i was in croatia a few years ago and the temperature gauge in the car showed 44.5 \u00b0 during the warmest day . 
  i do n't know how accurate that was , but it was warm indeed . 
  however , i did quite like the heat there . 
  much different kind of climate compared to when it 's hot here in sweden . 
  yesterday for example it was around 30 \u00b0 where i live and it was almost unbearable . 
  i hope sweden treats you as well as slovenia treated me then !, 
  i love slovenia , and i miss it often . 
  i really wish i could 've stayed , but i had to go back to sweden and look for a job . 
  i lived in slovenia for two years . 
  and no , your secret is * not * safe with me !, 
  that will be an expensive affair if they do n't have a vinjeta . 
  but ... why ? 
   because such conditions never existed here until now that 's not true at all . 
  sure , sweden never had neighborhoods exactly like new york , but sweden does n't have that now either . 
  but sweden has always had divided cities . 
  even my small hometown has had areas for as long as i know that has been considered `` criminal '' etc. 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're dead wrong . 
  art does n't have to impress * you * or anyone . 
  it does n't have to even require skill . 
  the only thing art needs is * intent * . 
  that 's it . 
  the good thing about art , is its extremely loose definition . 
  it 's suppose to be free , anyone can do art ( not everyone can do * good * art ) and that 's the point . 
  it 's a tool to express yourself . 
  and the way you `` reviewed '' this selection of art shows how little you even try to understand or sympathize with the artist . 
  of course , you do n't have to like it , no one does . 
  so you did . 
  just like * all * of you canadians likes to generalize other people !, 
  it ca n't even melt dank memes . 
  what 's your point ? 
  yeah , because everyone has to keep track of everything that 's going viral . 
  the tinfoil hat does marvelous things to ones imagination . 
  i 'd use it when i need to boost my creativity , but i 've heard the side effects are just too horrible . 
  it 's frustrating to me that international media is falling for the propaganda from russia , claiming that there never was a submarine in swedish water at all . 
  it 's not true . 
  evidence provided by the swedish armed forces suggest strongly that there indeed was a submarine ( of course , they can not positively say what nation it belonged to ) . 
  however , what was not * the * submarine they were looking for was the one seen on a photograph taken on the 31 october -- several days after the hunt for the suspected russian submarine had ended ( the hunt lasted 17-24 october ) . 
  precisely this . 
  finnish people were treated like garbage in sweden . 
  and might i add : their children were n't better off either . 
  a lot of them were very bullied in school . 
  it has changed today , naturally . 
  but even in the 80s and 90s when i was growing up , having a finnish name/surname could get you bullied . 
  look , all we really know is that this guy has a big closet and he takes daily , long walks inside of it every day . 
  do n't mind him . 
  i 'm a swede and i love me ~ ~ some ~ ~ a shitload of burek . 
  pls, 
  a friend of mine who is somewhat well-travelled said that i would love kiev . 
  that 's good enough for me , so i do n't see why we 're not giving you more money , friends !, 
  nice try , our flag is obviously black and white . 
   hardcore-socialist swedish government when did this happen and why did n't i get the memo ? 
  i thought it was just the good ol' social democrats running things again ? 
  i 'm an atheist , but i have to say : may god help you when imf starts to demand shit after those loans . 
  like ` liberalizing ' your economy -- or in other words : allow transnational companies to enslave your economy . 
  `` m\u00e9\u010dka '' , i really like that word for bear . 
  ~ ~ i realized my mistake when i was going to bed , err ~ ~ -- what ? 
  we swedes are feminist , we do n't see gender !, 
  on the behalf of sweden and her royal majesty the king , may i offer our apologizes for all the mess we have caused : sorry , dude . 
  you do n't seem very knowledgeable on far leftist in europe then . 
  childhood trauma . 
  all jokes aside : i had issues with my bladder when i was young , had to go pee * all the time * . 
  this lasted for a year , came back later in life when i was stressed and worked out ( but did n't last as long , only two weeks ) . 
  so i 'm very conscious about my bladder and can easily become stressed and nervous if i feel that i have to go . 
  in that case , my apologizes and i should come and visit hamburg . 
  while i despise cities with an insufficient amount of public toilets , i absolutely love cities with a lot of them . 
  how about setting up some public toilets instead of this marketing sham ? 
  i absolutely despise cities with an insufficient amount of public toilets . 
  and `` tack '' means `` thanks '' in swedish . 
  there 's also `` tak '' but with a longer a , like in `` shark '' and it means `` roof '' . 
  we have to re-write frosty the snowman to dirty the mudman . 
  very good point . 
  they did the same in sweden when bidding for new rescue helicopters for sea operations . 
  very , very specific specifications that only suited one model out there . 
  and the whole deal was basically done before the bidding went public as well .
