  do n't you worry , i joke around every day here about the swedish superiority . 
  just yesterday i could not get my head around why things are so bad here , because i only knew how ljubljana looks . 
  and i had no idea it was as bad as the pictures in this thread shows in other places . 
  i am a swede and in slovenia right now . 
  it 's not the cold that 's horrible , it 's the goddamn cold together with rain . 
  the other day is was raining for 30 minutes , then snowing for 30 minutes and then back to rain again . 
  and when i say rain , i mean ice cold rain , pouring down hard . 
  so as a swede , i 'm quite glad to be in one apartment that has working electricity and radiators . 
  though the lights flicker now and then . . !, 
  should n't really be a problem . 
  we have severe minus degrees in northern sweden every winter . 
  cars entirely covered with snow and ice all the time , yet they run . 
  sometimes car batteries dies , of course , but other than that , the car should be fine . 
  the problem is if you start the car and then not let it run warm and get dry during the day . 
  if you just start and stop and never really warm it up , you 'll eventually break something ( most likely the battery though ) . 
  so romania has a province named moldova and it 's not the republic of moldova ? 
  ah ... englishrussia.com , i had almost forgotten about you , you little pot of gold !, 
  these are individuals in a political party . 
  so it 's one of the ways to investigate a political party , to investigate the opinions of the people behind it . 
  i think this is perfectly legitimate . 
  with this logic we should never investigate politicians , no matter how corrupt or rotten they are -- because they are individuals . 
  in what way are they being aggressive ? 
  this is a ridiculous statements . 
  if anything , the newspaper expressen has done their job as an organization that 's suppose to bring truth to the spotlight . 
  here we have politicians from the third biggest party in sweden acting incredibly racist , even hinting support for adolf hitler . 
  it 's outrageous and through investigative journalism , the public now knows about it -- yes , the people who decide whether these people are to be elected or not . 
  the ones who deserve to know -- who should know about such outrageous actions . 
  itt : lots and lots of racism . 
  i 'm usually not disturbed by all the shit that 's on the internet . 
  but this truly is disturbing . 
  so much hatred from people who are suppose to protect the public . 
  you can clearly see the rage in their actions . 
  they have the best authors in history of writing . 
  honestly i think sweden is better for cars if we 're talking about quality and safety . 
  i am swedish , but living in slovenia at the moment . 
  my girlfriend 's surname is from montenegro . 
  and i like my girlfriend ... mostly . 
  so i like montenegro as well . 
  i did not understand a thing . 
  and i 'm swedish . 
  i find norwegians to be pretty nice though and changing their norwegian so that i can understand them though . 
  and i feel horrible every time i have to go `` urs\u00e4kta , jag f\u00f6rstod inte ? '', 
  to someone speaking norwegian . 
  i am appalled , shocked and ashamed by my low score . 
  i 've been living in ljubljana for a while now and pretty much everyone speaks english here from my experience . 
  i have absolutely nothing against the idea itself . 
  we have a decent flag that 's very happy , so it fits on such a website . 
  but what 's with the damn font ? 
  and what 's with the placement of the text ? 
  and why write `` sweden '' and then `` sverige '' ? 
  why ? 
  any country with a capital city with a name as beautiful as sofia is a great country in my book . 
  the land of the awful book gomorra . 
  neighboring country to slovenia and along with austria has affected slovene culture to a great deal . 
  ( but slovene wine is better than italian . 
  there , i said it . ), 
  for me there 's a very simple answer : late autumns . 
  when the leaves has fallen from the trees and the wind is quite strong . 
  it reminds me of the forest walks i always took as a kid during this time of the year in my village in sweden . 
  ireland a parasite state ? 
  i did n't know france , germany and great britain were so good at handling parasites . 
  ( i 'm talking of course of the re-elections when ireland has `` voted wrong '' ) . 
  eu is a broken apparatus . 
  i moved to slovenia . 
  for how long ? 
  time will tell . 
  i will eventually have to move back to sweden or to norway when i run out of money , unless i ca n't find anything that gives money . 
  i do n't know if i could stay here permanently . 
  perhaps i could , it 's a nice country . 
  right now the biggest issue is building a social life though . 
  my slovene girlfriend wrote it and i had to forcefully remove her from the computer . 
  she just did n't like that you said '' ... three santa clauses '' . 
  apparently it woke up her anti-american/anti-capitalism spirit inside of her . 
  my apologies . 
  ( and she disagrees that miklavz lives in triglav . 
  she yelled it at the screen . ), 
  you lie, 
  `` we will not turn our back . 
  we will just slowly walk away , sit down in some comfortable chairs back in germany and watch the events unfold on our 72 '' lcd screens . '', 
  had my first horse burger today at tivoli park . 
  it was n't that good , but at least i tried it . 
  hood burger is much , much better !, 
  i know slovakia is not slovenia . 
  though not all people seem to know this . 
  that 's about it , which makes me ashamed . 
  i 'm not talking about what the data shows through research -- not that i do n't believe the results to be true , but it ignores the gray zones that i was talking about . 
  read what i said . 
  swede here ... and the general consensus in sweden is not that most people want the monarchy to stay . 
  it 's an oversimplification of the opinions that exists out there . 
  i think a lot of people do n't care or all they have ever heard about the royal family is that they `` do good stuff , so why not ? '', 
  the question of keeping the monarchy has never really been challenged . 
  and most of the times when you say `` i do n't want a monarchy '' people ask : `` would you rather have a republic ? '', 
  as if that is the option . 
  but the only ones that pushes for getting rid of the monarchy and `` replacing '' it with a republic are liberals . 
  but there 's lots of people who just plain and simple wants to get rid of the monarchy , but the debate is poisoned by the liberal agenda that it has to be replaced with something in order to get rid of it -- which of course is nothing but nonsense . 
  we already have a political system which works for now , and the royal family has nothing to do with it . 
  and there 's the common notion that they are only figureheads , only symbols -- well , anyone that has ever seen a book on sociology or political science knows that this is bogus . 
  anyone in a position that is seen , by other people , as an authority -- is in fact an authority . 
  they have power , power to influence . 
  what they mean is that they do n't have any legislative political power .
