nah , they just took the sightseeing route for the new spacex people 's sake . 
  we 're sharing iss pictures now ? 
  [ here 's a good one of australia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/owekiwv.jpg ) . 
  edit : apparently this comment need a / s, 
  so you 're actually being more thick , since you 're talking about * more * laws than just one country which you know almost nothing about . 
  ah , yes , potica !, 
  apparently ptica is polish . 
  my apologies . 
  ( oh the irony ! ), 
  i 'm living in exile . 
  the fight for swedish world domination has to wait until i 'm no longer wanted by carl bildt and s\u00e4po !, 
  apparently pastries is very sensitive in slovenia ( and i suspect now that this is actually what caused the war ) , because my slovene girlfriend got very upset about the list . 
  medimurska gibanica is actually prekmurska gibanica . 
  and the nut roll op called povitica is actually called ptica , povitica is the croatian spelling if i 'm not mistaken . 
  also / u/crowings mentioned in the comments that you forgot about krem\u0161nita , which definitely is slovene . 
  ** / ** mrcolonist , fighting the slovene cause since 2013 . 
  you 've had some nice views !, 
  may i ask why you 've been moving around so much ? 
  what the fuck ... 
  yes , i 'm sure you have the answers to all of the world 's problems . 
   ah , allow me to be candid for a minute : 150,000 people joining hands and bildu getting some traction is cute [ ... ] wow . 
  that 's such an arrogant thing to say . 
  i understand why people would find them boring , or dislike the connotation behind them . 
  i do n't know why i like them so much , and i 've been raised in similar areas , but in sweden . 
  maybe i 'll drag my lazy ass out and do the same . 
  ( i 'm in ljubljana as well ), 
  that 's beautiful . 
  honestly . 
  i love socialistic-style buildings . 
  you and the irish , working alongside each other for swedish prosperity . 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  if you 're aware of the law , which states that you may not buy/hire a postitute , but still do it , then you 're not innocent . 
  i do n't know . 
  for the first time in my life i live in a place without a coast nearby and i feel a bit claustrophobic at times . 
  edit : oh , and the place i 'm from is not a `` cool '' coastal city . 
  just industrial . 
  swedish and living in slovenia : in both countries , yes . 
  there 's even some kind of donut factory in slovenia where people go and buy lots and lots of them at a very low cost . 
  beautiful photography . 
  reminds me why i fell in love with photojournalism again ( something i kind of forgot after my studies ... ) . 
  so thanks for this quality post !, 
  i would be interested to know why , because it 's not a big deal at all here . 
  i respectfully disagree . 
  even i , who is not a very social person , has shared bed with friends ( of the opposite sex as well ) without any awkwardness or feeling strange . 
  i do n't mean criminalising clients . 
  only brothels , but having prostitution legal on a freelance/entrepreneur basis . 
  but thanks for the wiki link , i 'll check it out !, 
  edit : i spoke to soon . 
  saw in the wiki that you have entire territories that does exactly this . 
  very interesting !, 
  i 'm curious if there 's any movement in australia to ban brothels , but to keep prostitution legal ? 
  because i can see a problem with having prostitution becoming an industry . 
  * spinning away the idea in my head a bit : * perhaps prostitution would do well as a freelance market , more so than an industry . 
  you could still have something like brothels , but that functions more like a hotel/safe location . 
  so a freelance prostitute goes there , pays a rent to be there for x amount of time with a customer . 
  and the `` brothel '' offers security and whatever , but ca n't employ the prostitute . 
  though maybe it 's better to have a strong union for prostitutes that makes sure they get the right pay and whatnot . 
  at the same time , you could make that case about * anything * . 
  so it 's not a very good argument to use so widely without being more specific . 
  it 's an issue with many sides . 
  i personally find it difficult to understand why we look upon prostitution as something immoral . 
  i do n't think anyone has the right to claim that selling or buying sex is morally wrong , because it does n't really hurt anyone ( on the contrary , it helps a lot of people ) . 
  and i am worried that sweden is trying to fight prostitution on moral grounds , rather than righteous grounds . 
  i can understand trying to fight it to help protect women . 
  but with that said , i 'd rather have women ( and men ) sell sex safely , and enjoy this job , than ban what they want to do for a living . 
  i have been lied to ... !, 
  no , do n't bring feminism into this . 
  prostitution is being fought more by conservatives than feminists . 
  indeed !, 
  a dangerous question to ask a wordy man like myself !, 
  i 've been here for a year now , living with my girlfriend . 
  so i have quite a lot of experience and would need an entire essay to even begin describing slovenia . 
  but i find it a very interesting country , with people who are eager to help you if you ask for a hand . 
  i 've had difficulties getting closer to people though , but this is probably my own faults mostly . 
  what worries me is the lack of confidence here . 
  i see the same in sweden , but at least in sweden , we can remind ourselves of times , just years back , where our country has been stable economically . 
  but here , i guess it 's more difficult . 
  even nostalgic people are keen to agree that the socialistic slovenia was n't very good either ( other than the fact that most people had jobs ) . 
  everyone seem to generally be apathetic to politics , due to all the scandals and betrayals during the years the country has been independent . 
  back to how people are : i would agree that slovenes are nice . 
  but also a bit wary at times . 
  there 's this culture of helping each other , being formally nice and so on , which i appreciate . 
  it seems that slovenia is also experiencing an identity-crisis at the moment . 
  young people here want to be innovative , often artistic . 
  i 've never been in such a small city as ljubljana , with such a big alternative scene -- mostly consisting of hipsters , but still , they seem to be wanting to push things forward . 
  overall i 'd be hesitant to talk negatively about slovenes . 
  of course you have a large group of idiots , but all nations do . 
  other than that , i love the nature here , the caf\u00e9s , the railroad ( even though the trains are slow , but that just makes for more time to see things !, 
  ) , biking lanes in ljubljana , and my daily walks in roznik . 
  i think most swedes have a positive view of netherlands ( although we say holland , and very rarely nederl\u00e4nderna ) . 
  young people , because we meet a lot of you through the internet . 
  and i know a lot of older people ( 40 + ) who has gone there on vacation and loved it . 
   i 'm sure you do . 
  i like our food too . 
  as to non-biased people ... well , there 's a reason why there 's not a scandinavian , german or british restaurant next to every pizzeria or tapas bar around the world . 
  this is not really true . 
  yes , there 's not a scandinavian restaurant next to every pizzeria , because it 's not fast food . 
  but scandinavian food is held to high standards in the world . 
  swedish people love estonia . 
  maybe not as much now as a 10 years back or so .
