* i think the uk is great , their food is good and their women have very nice smiles . 
  god save the queen . 
  parisian checking in . 
  pm me your address , i love this kind of thing !, 
  probably hash . 
  weed can be hard to find in france . 
  i do n't think they have a problem with airbnb , they have a problem with people not paying the associated taxes ... 
  and [ andr\u00e9 santini ] ( http://andresantini.fr/wp-content/uploads/2014/05/as.jpg?gccfxdorequest=1 ) is the sexually ambiguous and questionably loyal lord varys . 
  melbourne and brest tramways are both operated by french company keolis . 
  the rhinos are a worldwide campaign . 
  edit : keolis parent company is sncf . 
  the word qim if i 'm not mistaken . 
  it was `` some '' medias and a lot of idiots on facebook . 
  most reports were pretty neutral as much as i remember . 
  gold digging meets data mining . 
  for those wondering if they should expand and read the above tread or not , it just derails into endless arguing on the definition of it . 
  that 's a whole subreddit !, 
  hey , some people defend the right to have guns on their property , this guy defends the right to detonate experimental nuclear devices . 
  that 's ... something . 
  hollande was probably in the mood for some karjalanpiirakka for breakfast . 
  rafales are faster tban uber eat . 
  on a moroccan beach you probably would n't be that far from the truth . 
  but yeah , no . 
  thank you , i really needed an 80 's cartoon theme song stuck in my head all night . 
  i 'm calling poe 's law on this one , so many keywords ... 
  i 'll give you that the us has a much more influential culture , it 's strongly ingrained in many european lifestyles and pretending otherwise would be silly . 
  i still think that europeans have a common set of values and references , primarily through our shared history ( including wars ) . 
  but hey , it 's okay to think otherwise , i 'm not going to argue all night . 
  if we did n't get the same vibe when traveling around europe there 's not much i can do , i 'm not going to show up to your house with my vacation slideshows . 
  edit : sorry , i thought you were the first poster . 
  those wars are why the eu exists in the first place . 
  they are what led to the consensus on rules and ideals i was talking about earlier . 
  i would almost say that those wars are part of the european culture . 
  in europe just like in the us , what matters is the agreement on general rules and ideals , and willingness to follow and pursue them . 
  within those rules , countries like states are free to be as diverse as they want . 
  to double-down on my controversial us comparison , minnesota has more in common with canada or sweden than new mexico . 
  with your logic , people from guadeloupe or r\u00e9union islands should n't be french . 
  california is nothing like arkansas , yet you 'd agree that there is an american culture , right ? 
  edit : better with commas . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  everything south of the loire valley is a suffocating desert full of snakes , scorpions , and skin cancer . 
  parisian here . 
  i 've seen decent fanfiction tho ... 
  9/10 , would click again . 
  oops , thank you . 
  yep , [ this fine gentleman . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jacques_cheminade )  he wanted to go to mars on a new rocket , `` not the old one from star wars with that weird bear and larry skywalker '' . 
  ( link fixed ), 
  ] ( https://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/steamtradingcards/images/2/2c/sid_meiers_civilization_beyond_earth_artwork_3.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20141024233522 ), 
  kitten not in space . 
  my pleasure . 
  for our international audience , edriseur ( one `` s '' ) means edrisor in french . 
  [ as shown on this map . 
  ] ( https://i.redd.it/tsw3qc3inyny.png ), 
  in france they 're sometimes nicknamed `` la b\u00eate \u00e0 bon dieu '' ( god 's critter ? 
  normands , on the other hand , are well know for their exemplary sobriety . 
  see , when i was in st malo i had the hardest time buying decent chouchen , they only have baby cider . 
  ( okay now i 'm just asking for trouble ), 
  sure . 
  it 's so nice that they all move to paris and invade our roads when they understand that they need a job to pay for alcohol . 
  ( i 'm just playing , bretagne is very nice , but as a parisian it is my duty to complain about bretons ), 
  i 'm not . 
  you guys are free to brixit though . 
  so one guy did n't want to leave when they flooded the valley ? 
  they 're thinking of 49.3 and macron 's opponents are n't really helping clear the confusion . 
  i 'm not really complaining ( yet ) but are n't we seeing a lot of posts from this domain lately ? 
  damn . 
  i 've heard about northern prisons being nice , but not louvre-nice !, 
  that 's the parisians self-segregating . 
  and yet he was elected with an anti-immigration , protectionist platform and supported le pen in the french election . 
  i 'm well aware of the hypocrisy here , no need to point it out to me . 
  french people also tend to mimick the feeling . 
  qu\u00e9bec is our bro but we could n't care less about vancouver . 
  we 're not comparing countries but their leaders . 
  goulard has an extended knowledge of european institutions , speaks four european languages and is known to be extremely pro-eu . 
  le drian is a well established figure in the military circles , and was praised by both sides of the aisle for his management of our army . 
  by swapping their most logical positions , macron makes it clear that a common defence will be at the core of his european strategy . 
  defence talks will have to go through a eu specialist , and european subjects through a defence specialist . 
  on a related note , there 's a popular feeling in france that we 're out there fighting terrorists in africa while the rest of the eu only sends a token plane and two rifles . 
  while this point is obviously open to criticism , it will be a good way to gather domestic support around a new european project . 
  i feel like people are tired of talks about `` debt and germany '' and want/need to see the eu build something successful together again , it 's been too long . 
  maybe i 'm overthinking this ... 
  well , i can understand that , he was getting powerful , closing multi-billion euros weapon deals with foreign powers and whatnot . 
  but it 's still telling that macron chose to give him european and foreign affairs , even adding the separate `` european '' in the title to imply that the eu is n't foreign anymore . 
  also interesting that jean yves le drian , our former minister of defence who is highly respected by the armed forces is now minister of europe and foreign affairs . 
  the message is incredibly clear . 
  but ... 
  but a well funded european army would be so beneficial to the ~ ~ french military industry ~ ~ the eu !, 
  buy our rafales , check out our guided missiles !, 
  guys ? 
  who wants a nuclear submarine ? 
  anyone ? 
  guys ? 
  do n't worry , we 'll find a way to make french a second official language somehow , as usual . 
  i do n't want to start a circlejerk , but with the brits leaving , there 's not a lot of operational firepower left in the eu ... also nuclear warheads , submarines and aircraft carriers . 
  i have no doubt that other countries will catch up very fast , assuming they agree to spend a set percentage of their gdp , but until then ... 
  it 's cleaner . 
  i 'm 35 and never know where to stand in those debates . 
  the mental image of a gigantic eu building , alone on a tiny rock surrounded by nothing but sheep is absolutely hilarious . 
  i hope you repay some of this european karma to / r/france instead of upvoting on / r/luxembourg .
