  so he vetoes it and then what ? 
  by doing so he pours more fire on the russia coverage in the press and then congress gets an opportunity to very publicly tell him to sit the fuck down when they override his veto with something like a 98 % vote . 
  yeah , that would 've been real great for him . 
  when in sweden ... 
   congress did n't act against trump 's will considering he happily signed the sanctions , a veto overturn vote did not occur . 
  firstly , he was anything but happy about the bill . 
  he bitched about it on twitter , so i have no idea how you got that impression . 
  secondly , congress would override the veto with a 2/3 vote . 
  when in sweden ... 
  try washing them in chlorine, 
  y' all should try adding pineapple and chopped up hotdogs to your alfredo sauce, 
  la has smashed tourism records in each of the last six years . 
  trump 's proposed travel ban is not in effect . 
  you do n't have to give your social media passwords , account names are voluntary . 
  canada does the same btw . 
  no gangs give two fucks about tourists . 
  you sound hysterical and uninformed about every topic you 've brought up . 
   let popularity sort out the details . 
  that 's exactly how most people end up speaking american english . 
  recently ? 
  that 's not what he said during his confirmation hearing . 
  that 's really inconsequential and secondary to the fact that 650 people just had their entire lives uprooted for no reason . 
   it is the answer to expelling russian diplomats by obama in his last days of the presidency . 
  i said it to someone else below , but i 'll say it here too . 
  obama kicked out 35 diplomats . 
  putin kicked out 650 . 
  what kind of strange mirrors do you have in moscow where the reflection is larger by an order of magnitude and then some ? 
  i had a very similar reaction when i read the number , particularly because trump is way overdue in appointing people to positions within the state dept. 
  http://www.cnbc.com/2017/07/28/russia-orders-us-to-cut-diplomatic-staff-says-to-seize-diplomatic-property.html  an official at the u.s. embassy in moscow , who declined to be named because they were not allowed to speak to the media , said there were around 1,100 u.s. diplomatic staff in russia . 
  that included russian citizens and u.s. citizens . 
  obama kicking out 35 diplomats -  not very mad putin kicking out 650 diplomats -  putin is 18.5 times as mad, 
  how often does putin kick out hundreds of foreign diplomats in a single day ? 
  oh , not very often ? 
  yeah , he mad . 
   russia would fight corruption and develop an staple and trustworthy law environment ` avin a laff m8 ? 
  what is with this weird dreamy desire for close relations with russia and china anyway ? 
  how about we deal with the realities of those two countries instead of entertaining these bizarro world hypotheticals . 
  but rt told me that petty us sanctions have no effect on virile russian economy . 
  y so mad vlad, 
  so putin spied on macron like my mom spies on her grandchildren . 
   it 's not up to the us to decide where european countries get their energy from . 
  you get russian energy with or without ns2 . 
  and we are free to choose to not do business with those building the pipeline . 
  the french ministry should start by changing european laws so that ns2 is even legal in your own fucking union before worrying about what we are doing . 
  frankly all of these headlines about the eu 's reaction to these sanctions are starting to seem like propaganda meant to create an `` us vs. them '' kind of mentality in the populace . 
  i see a lot of people here making grossly oversimplified arguments like `` the netherlands is against the sanctions '' entirely because there 's a group dutch investors in the ns2 deal . 
  i 'd love to see an eu-wide opinion poll done regarding the ns2 pipeline . 
  i could go for some burgerfuhrer right about now, 
  i 'd love a source for how each of those things are correlated with how we raise and butcher our chicken . 
   so it 's ok . show me that it is n't . 
  no , you will die on the spot if you eat chicken outside of the eu . 
  only glorious eu has chicken that is fit for consumption . 
  ever had a beer m8 ? 
   did they choose the 80 randomly no , most of the problems were with the packaging . 
  just think of a trip to chipotle as a training session for your immune system . 
  it 's high time you snow americans started showing more pride in our economy . 
  i do n't know if it 's your commie climate or the chinese oligarchs you all like to import to vancouver , but it 's got you all confused . 
  nobody had eu as most voted . 
  yours was china . 
  1400 was really quite an impressive clusterfuck in central europe, 
   what a little rascal !, 
  allegedly , 
  yeah really i 'm as appalled as the poles in here . 
  sheit , we have russians making american military propaganda for us free of charge https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2jnzku2ps4, 
  i think in macron 's case he is guilty to making them weird as well . 
  it 's like a staring contest where neither one wants to be the first to look away . 
  anyone have the full list of the countries participating ? 
  i 'm mostly curious if any of them are non-nato and also which nato countries are n't participating in it . 
  wtb steel and uranium pst, 
  look closely , the skin of the abrams is slowly turning from yellow to green like a chameleon . 
  that 's nature 's way of letting you know that it 's almost wartime in europe . 
  those legs make it look like a nutcracker http://www.nutcrackerballetgifts.com/assets/image/product/detailsbig/nutcracker-ornaments-n5-6s.jpg, 
  i know that there 's a statue of woodrow wilson there, 
   the next president is going to have an interesting time making up for this idiot . 
  actually trump is so bad that it should be super easy for the next president . 
  all they have to do is not be trump and they get an a + and everyone loves them . 
  why would those two things be exclusive ? 
  brits can obviously understand what happened to cultures in areas they controlled and be wary of outside influences on theirs . 
  it looks like a churro though / r/tastybuildings, 
   black culture ... blues and jazz have you been in a coma for 50 years ? 
  but trump brings his clubs and golf cart with him wherever he goes . 
  coming to a voivodeship near you http://i.imgur.com/wefibkx.jpg, 
   nightclub aboard degaulle sounds like a gay old time, 
  oh i just realized i 'm debating a twelve year old . 
  that explains why you did n't know what hostile meant . 
   american `` scrap '' ? 
  from a hostile state ? 
  hostile ? 
  we 're more dependable for them than we is because we are n't compromised by russian oil/gas dependency . 
  it 's that simple most of the time . 
  the best people, 
  sweden and norway are veiny balls, 
  season 1 mountain best mountain, 
   dont say trump would never do this . 
  you do n't seem to understand that presidents do n't put tariffs on anything . 
  he does n't have the power to do it . 
  until we join with our mighty pals canada and mexico to form the north american # 1 galactic empire . 
  na had pygmy mammoths as well until humans ate em all https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pygmy_mammoth, 
   the senate enacted sanctions against pipelines with russian participation in general , not explicitly against ns2 . 
  the bill mentions ns2 explicitly though ( 9 ) to continue to oppose the nordstream 2 pipeline given its detrimental impacts on the european union 's energy security , gas market development in central and eastern europe , and energy reforms in ukraine ; and https://www.congress.gov/congressional-record/2017/06/13/senate-section/article/s3428-1,
