   because something ah yes well if it 's something then it must be racism . 
  best to assume that instead of asking him . 
  so 90,900 people actually, 
  so did we !, 
  and a lot of other people . 
  pretty neat . 
  and then you lost . 
  next time just give up and surrender , we do n't want you to starve like the russians that pilfered your country and left in the nineties !, 
  i 'm glad you guys are doing better now . 
  hopefully you can pivot your economy before people stop needing so much oil imported . 
  boy , you are really inferring a lot of nonsense that was not in his post . 
  he said nothing of killing or fighting russians , only fighting against the country of russia in the hypothetical situation where you attack them . 
  if you are offended by that it 's because you are choosing to be outraged , not because what he said was offensive . 
  `` i am the victim '' fucking hysterical , man . 
  but it 's the us pointing guns now instead of helping you . 
  you guys like to collapse when we start pointing guns . 
  we do n't even have to fire them !, 
  how is what he said in any way racism ? 
  let 's try to use words appropriately, 
  that 's it ? 
  go on then , elaborate . 
  if america wanted to invade europe it would n't take on the entire continent . 
  it 'd divide it , make allies of some and attempt to destroy the others , create chaos , etc. 
  the point is that if we were really as belligerent as that other guy believes , you 'd be making alliances to protect each other from us . 
  we are n't the mafia if countries are inviting us . 
  just look at the romanian comments in this thread . 
  when i say that europe is threatened by russia , i do n't mean the entire continent is under existential threat by them . 
  i bet ukrainians feel a little threatened . 
  it looks absurd when people like the guy i replied to comment on the us being some kind of mafia when there are actually european countries whose sovereignty is actually at risk because of russia . 
  if we were really some kind of international mafia , you guys might actually be spending money to protect your own asses . 
  from us . 
  strange how that has n't happened . 
  stranger still is how you let said mafia into your countries with practically no resistance . 
  somebody should really inform the public how bad we are . 
  it 's like some people have learned from history that superpowers have the tendency to wave their dicks around and that the us , while imperfect , is n't really all that bad in context . 
  if you think it 's ridiculous that we are sending armored brigades to eastern europe , i agree . 
  it 's ridiculous because you guys are so unwilling to protect yourselves when you have an actual armed mafia much closer . 
  if i recall , it was european powers that fought against ukraine joining nato . 
  i guess you guys like keeping those oil pipelines flowing too . 
  it 's international . 
  nice alternative fact , friend, 
  hawaiian pizza and hawaiian burgers are great though . 
  two wieners alongside yet another wiener, 
  call me when it 's the olympics m8y, 
  well i 'm definitely tired of the tumbons , carrets , fiber balls , and balls in the pools i swim in . 
  good rules . 
  that 's the opposite of huge, 
  schrodinger would say that i 'm all 4 until you open the box if you know what i mean . 
  sounds like your parents would love me , europe  i 'm single btw, 
  $ 3.59 for 15 oz bag atm , but it 's on sale along with ~ 80 % of the other chips for some reason . 
  i dunno how often they do that . 
  yeah but i can have a bag of doritos delivered to me via prime now in like one hour, 
  or you just get double the fuckage . 
  i sexually identify as an aircraft carrier, 
  animal, 
  it 's ` wegian for `` one who beheads the messiah '', 
  probably because they bang a lot, 
   american defending white supremacy you want to take a shot at explaining how you think i did that ? 
  news channels exist to draw eyeballs to sell advertising space . 
  you have a fundamental misunderstanding of how the business works if you think they are n't airing news that people care about . 
  people can believe that the economy , unemployment , etc. 
  are monumentally important and also not be interested in watching 24/7 news channels to hear about them . 
   6 % of those who care 6 % responded that they think that russia is most important . 
  this is completely different than only 6 % of the population caring . 
  just because pizza is my most favorite italian food does not mean that i think the rest of italian cuisine is shit . 
  i eat other italian food too . 
   despite the american people caring far more about health care than any other issue , the media has swamped the airwaves with trump/russia conspiracies to the detriment of nearly everything else . 
  `` conspiracies '' nice unbiased source there . 
  if people did n't care about trump/russia news , msnbc would n't be breaking their all-time records while extensively covering exactly that topic . 
   lack nuance you mean like people who think that americans who are proud of their country are that way because they view it as perfect ? 
   for all their patriotism , americans rarely think about how their national identities relate to their personal ones . 
  this indifference is particular to the psychology of white americans and has a history unique to the us . 
  til only white americans are nationalists . 
  masturbatory , pretentious bullshit . 
  nice caps and exclamation marks on your vlog bro !!!!, 
  it 's ez just call macron up, 
  as an alumnus of a university which has a fanbase known for burning furniture after football victories , i believe i can of some assistance here . 
  that warning might be for the fumes which would emanate if you were to pour flammables on it and light it on fire . 
  i would suggest burning your other furniture instead . 
  just wait until we start importing our almond butters that give you aids . 
  damn russophobes always bully poor russia :'(, 
  and he 's pastier than a british woman 's arse . 
  i 'd definitely recommend to anyone visiting the states from sept to early jan to check out a college football game . 
  nfl is fairly corporate and soulless compared to the college games . 
  you can show up to the tailgates hours before the game , tell people you are checking out a college football game for the first time , and they 'll practically shower you in free food and beer . 
  at merican football , very much so . 
  they are basically the patriots of college football . 
  alabama 's football stadium is actually bigger than the patriots ' by ~ 35,000 seats actually . 
  wait a second ... kennedy space center is in florida . 
  [ ro tide ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtdxqyhjify ) ^ ^ ^ but ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ really, 
  / r/polandman when ? 
  how is this the most upvoted top comment ? 
  can nobody here fucking read ? 
  please take 30 seconds to learn the first thing about the topic before spreading your ignorance next time . 
  i 'm proud to be american , which according to scientists is just a super-evolved european . 
  so in that sense yes . 
  grpg 's are so boring ugh, 
  lol, 
  man it 's really exhausting being friends with every foreigner that developed some kind of weird bond toward us because they grew up watching american media . 
  that 's brilliant .
