cola peninsula . 
  sounds delicious, 
  somebody 's got a grudge . 
  yeah , we 're definitely the ones that [ ca n't speak the language . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=le_ungdpa4c ), 
   very diverse genetics . 
  for a city ? 
  no way . 
  most of them look like they could be related . 
  yes , but central america is still thousands of miles from most americans . 
  i 'm in raleigh and i 'm 4800 km from the northernmost city of central america by road . 
  if i wanted to go , i 'd have to fly just as any european would . 
  and i have no more reason to go to belize , panama , honduras , guatemala , el salvador , costa rica , or panama than any european would . 
  central america is one of the more internationally obscure areas of the planet . 
  they have virtually no news coverage in english and have no role in international politics . 
  i doubt that mexicans or mexican-americans could name the leaders of those countries . 
   i do n't think that most people from the us could name central american or south american leadership either . 
  that was n't his point though . 
  he was saying that our ability ( or inability ) to name european heads of state is similar to the ability of europeans to name the heads of state of countries on other continents . 
  how many europeans can name the heads of state of japan , s.korea , canada , brazil , australia , india , etc ? 
  those are relatively large countries in terms of either population or economic power or both . 
   currently , i see my photographic style as traditional landscape photography . 
  this fucking guy, 
  wv + pennsylvania + maryland master state . 
  ah , i thought you were implying something else . 
  have n't had my coffee yet , you see . 
  yeah because the us deploying all of its armored units in the baltics right now would be a fantastic idea ... 
  haha , [ turkey 's symbol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_aircraft_insignia#/media/file:taf_roundel.svg ) is a bullseye . 
  i meant more like if there was a hypothetical situation where the us could impede russia without any expectation of strategic or economic gain . 
  hell , many americans would be willing to take a loss to achieve that , and supporting finland could be a means to that end . 
  anyway , i 'm not saying it 's a major factor per se . 
  i just think it 's something to consider when trying to discern the intent of the us in europe right now . 
  anyway , here 's to hoping things stay relatively uneventful over there . 
   i 'd say the bond with the us and europe ( or just nato-countries in europe ) is n't altruistic either . 
  both have an interest in the other . 
  europe needs the us and the us needs europe . 
  oh , certainly . 
  i just think that if you were to assemble a list of scenarios in which the us is most likely to act altruistically , two things on that list are motivating factors at play currently : 1 . 
  assisting our eu friends militarily , especially those that have helped us in the past . 
  fucking over russian imperialism now , if russia was n't involved and you were , say , a middle eastern country , the likelihood of any assistance by us being the result of altruism is gon na be a lot less probable . 
  in that case , i would n't expect you to be anything other than extremely skeptical . 
  i see what you 're saying about superpowers and how they relentlessly try to protect interests and leverage assets/support internationally , but at the same time they are n't completely incapable of altruism either . 
  i do n't think it 's a black/white situation with respect to greed vs altruism . 
  furthermore , i think to claim that any us assistance towards finland is to ignore the bond between the us & europe . 
  admittedly it is n't as strong between the us & finland compared to the uk or france , for instance . 
  even still , the us protecting finland is by extension indirectly protecting the rest of europe that we may have a closer bond with , which is altruistic even if it is n't altruistic for the sake of finnish folks . 
  anyway , i think i 'm starting to ramble . 
  i 'll say this though : i ca n't claim to know all of the government 's interests regarding finland , but i think the american public would hate to see anything , russia-related or otherwise , threaten finland 's sovereignty . 
  yeah , it 's not that we like you . 
  we just do n't like russia . 
  seriously , though , wikipedia says finland has no oil . 
  how exactly are you expecting the us to backstab you or throw you under the bus ? 
  we certainly are n't going to try to annex you . 
  it strikes me as pretty strange is all . 
  well that 's boring . 
  what ? 
  there are dozens and dozens of videos of military convoys on youtube . 
  watch out , a drone !, 
  i ca n't imagine any americans being insulted by your bar hypothetical . 
  we do that all the time , but usually in reference to other states or cities . 
  i was mainly speaking to online interaction . 
   i know that germans do n't generally wear lederhosen all the time , i know that the french do n't always run around eating frogs with a baguette under their arm , i know that aussies do n't all ride around on their kangaroo mounts , i know that americans are n't all fat and stupid , that the welsh do n't marry their sheep , that dutch are n't running around stoned in wooden clogs etc. 
  but that 's what 's fun about it . 
  making jokes based on things that are clearly idiotic stereotypes . 
  :p but all of these things that you listed are obvious jokes except for the american one . 
  you see why calling someone fat and stupid is different than the rest of those , right ? 
  riding kangaroos , wearing wooden clogs , always having a baguette on hand ... these are all absurd visuals that invoke parts of their culture . 
  calling someone fat and dumb is n't playful banter . 
  especially when insults from eu folks look remarkably similar . 
   when swedes mock my danish language i see it a sign of being sort of `` close '' and friendly with them . 
  if someone mocks an american it 's often seen as an attack and euro-cunts being arrogant etc. 
  it often is on the internet , though . 
  i mean , i 'm not sure you completely appreciate how much shit americans get online . 
  it 's not always so easy to filter the intent of a remark from a stranger , via text , when you have an uncommonly large bullseye on you . 
  hahaha . 
  i just looked at the wikipedia article on raggare ( [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/raggare ) ) and so i 'm wondering if they sport the confederate flags for political reasons or do they wear them because it 's a pop culture thing like from dukes of hazzard ? 
   then they are delusional . 
  100 us soldiers will make zero difference . 
  they are n't meant to fight off russians ; they are meant to serve as a tripwire . 
  the us is putting them there so that if the russians invade , they have to fight and kill these us soldiers , which would trigger a call for vengeance by the american public . 
  so russia will not invade , and the soldiers have done their job by merely being stationed in these countries . 
  they are there with no intention of ever actually having to fight , so there does n't need to be 100,000 of them . 
  you are woefully uninformed about bernie 's career and how his campaign is being funded . 
  he is a very clear outlier from the norm . 
  nice , something about that maryland flag is so aesthetically pleasing and their gear is nice , if a little noisy . 
  dunno if you still follow it , but umd basketball is pre-season [ ranked # 1 ] ( http://espn.go.com/mens-college-basketball/story/_/id/13369291/maryland-terrapins-north-carolina-tar-heels-lead-no-longer-way-too-early-top-25 ) in the country right now , so they have that to look forward to . 
   and was an exchange student at umd ( university of maryland ) . 
  i hope you did n't watch the umd [ football game over the weekend ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2vatzbbvkhw ), 
   well in all the school related shootings thats exactly what happened - and how many rampages per year do you have ? 
  at least one . 
  they are premeditated . 
  it has nothing to do with the victim `` doing something wrong '' to catalyze it . 
  `` at least one '' rampage per year is n't even close to being a good reason to avoid a country for your life . 
  merely having no interest or desire to visit a country is a perfectly valid reason for not visiting it , but your reasons here are just inane . 
  yeah , well , the natives did n't really leave behind a bunch of cool shit here like pyramids and such to set the benchmark . 
  the only impressive old things we have to look at are redwoods . 
  preserved colonial settlements are n't even that old . 
  it 's all relative . 
   nah , its a difference to walk around in a country where everybody could go possibly go on a rampage if you say or do something wrong . 
  in europe you have to fear get beaten up in the states you have to fear for your life .
