  comparing people with weapons is kinda odd anyway ... you think people just open fire on you if you get in an altercation ? 
  buddy , that 's not how that works over here . 
  fights are handled with fists just like everywhere else in the world . 
  that 's cute , but our bread and cheese are much lower quality than our beer . 
   also i do n't feel like bringing you up to speed on everything so you can just ignore my comments , thanks . 
  i admire your edgy sarcasm and youthful aggression . 
  our bread and cheese game actually is quite weak , so those were probably bad examples if you were going for sarcasm and not hyperbole . 
  we have great beer though . 
  stop drinking bud . 
  does n't this skew pretty hard against teams that send a lot of team sports ? 
  serbia for instance medaled in women 's volleyball , women 's basketball , men 's basketball . 
  so 100 % of those athletes got medals , but it 's only 3 medals for the country to about 35 or so athletes , which look like a bad ratio without context . 
  it 's the internet , everyone 's favorite place to get triggered . 
  you should read article 6 of nato : article 6 for the purpose of article 5 , an armed attack on one or more of the parties is deemed to include an armed attack : on the territory of any of the parties in europe or north america , on the algerian departments of france 2 , on the territory of or on the islands under the jurisdiction of any of the parties in the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer ; on the forces , vessels , or aircraft of any of the parties , when in or over these territories or any other area in europe in which occupation forces of any of the parties were stationed on the date when the treaty entered into force or the mediterranean sea or the north atlantic area north of the tropic of cancer . 
  the us, 
  n-dimensional , mate . 
  do you even math ? 
  i 'm curious how different it is from western europe . 
   where things like abortion and evolution are still controversial . 
  true on a national level but there are heaps of places where these things are not controversial in any meaningful way , like practically the entire west coast or the northeast . 
  when you live there , the places where they are controversial feel like a different country anyway . 
  you could suck my dick instead . 
  or is that not on the table ? 
   i simply do n't want western nations to be in direct conflict with them , and i am concerned that this strike could lead to others , or worse . 
  you can relax . 
  mad still exists . 
  the fact that you 're comparing this airfield missile strike with iraq tells me you 're a little in over your head on this one . 
  way to grossly oversimplify everything . 
  america shot missiles at something ? 
  literally iraq 2.0 brown people genocide oil thieves . 
  nevermind that russia is supporting assad and dropping clusterbombs in aleppo to secure western dependence on russian oil . 
  that 's ok . 
  i agree that trump is a loose cannon , but let 's please just look at what has actually occurred instead of diving into various hypotheticals about what trump may or may not do . 
  the missile strike was a measured response . 
  people were warned ahead of time to vacate the airfield . 
  how is this less measured than what russia is doing there ? 
  go look at some of the clusterbomb strikes on aleppo that russia has done recently and explain to me how the missile strike last night is more destabilizing . 
  it 's not risking a war with russia . 
  i mean , russia was warned ahead of time that this strike was going to happen . 
  there were no deaths , only a destroyed airfield . 
  turkey shot down a su-24 and there was no war , so why would russia go to war with a nato country over something far less ? 
  all the `` omg ww3 '' hysteria is nonsense . 
  where 's your proofs ? 
  i think you are confusing `` obliterate '' with `` vacation in '' . 
  why stop there ? 
  now you return it to the golden horde, 
   does he honestly think nope, 
  how do you say `` capitalist pigs '' in spanish ? 
  in reference to the last part , why be a greedy dick to your allies though ? 
  i 'm not a trump supporter but that 's pretty shitty . 
  if you say you are going to do something for your allies , you should do it . 
  most people just do n't perceive the situation as being that dire even with the orange tumor in office . 
  it 's more like a `` vent on facebook every once in a while '' level of outrage until they feel feel a perceptible negative affect on their lives . 
  maybe that will happen , maybe it wo n't . 
  the travesty that was hillary vs. trump in this past election does n't necessarily say anything about the people of the country except that they are too lazy to revolt . 
  the left was dealt a bad hand by the political elites and big money . 
  do n't take it personally . 
  he 's a dick to ours too . 
  actually he 's just a dick . 
  reminds me of the wagner whistling scene from cye https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ns66ivbvci, 
   the us election could have been different with just a small minority of voters switching sides in key states . 
  just needed a different candidate , or message . 
  captain obvious , is that you ? 
  yeah , just the other day i was shot at by three different guys high on marijuanas, 
  cia has a better and more exhaustive list of text emoticons than most sites you find on google . 
  like , i might actually save this list . 
  yeah i 'm quite alright with punishing convicted genocidal cunts with death . 
  my bad i guess . 
  a/s/l ? 
   from americans you do realize a lot of the fake news shit originated from outside of the country right ? 
  it 's people trying to get advertising revenue from all over . 
  for example : http://www.abc.net.au/triplej/programs/hack/the-surge-of-pro-trump-fake-news-is-coming-from-macedonia/8003094, 
  looks like a peepee, 
  and make putin pay for it, 
  it 's like our entire west coast mate . 
  if you take london out of the england , it 's all fat dropout wankers and `` fulltime mums '' . 
  yes !, 
  now you have to start singing it after every sporting event https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cs-lrlfpqwu, 
  man , germany does not give a single fuck about the well-being of eastern europeans , eh ? 
  poor buffer states . 
  they 'd already be russia again if not for the us :(, 
  so the us is a bad ally specifically because it has n't defended transylvania ? 
  the fuck ? 
  if we 're so shitty , start spending more on military and kick us out of it when you no longer feel you need us . 
  really . 
  it was a joke, 
  until we unite all of the americas at least, 
  should be fine http://visually.visually.netdna-cdn.com/tornadotracks_4fbd458d255c5.jpg, 
  i once spoke to a really nationalist and crazy russian girl that `` wanted california back '' because of this old settlement . 
  apparently it gives them claim to the west coast until the end of time . 
  i really did not care for her . 
  well there 's lots of horse racing and a college basketball team with the most all time wins that is famous for putting lots of people in the nba . 
  there 's also a random fucking [ castle ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=martin+castle+highway&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjsinh0h4jsahup6imkheipckiq_auicigd&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=648#tbm=isch&amp;q=martin+castle+kentucky ) that you can see if you drive past lexington . 
  oh and that one aussie cunt is building an ark that ca n't float there . 
  being russian and all , i 'm sure you 're aware of how some people hold a special distaste toward america for perceived american imperialism that could make them particularly motivated in stopping it . 
  `` american '' is not a race . 
  qed it 's wrong to assume that what he said is implicitly racist , but you already knew that . 
  it is not . 
  he could be willing to fight against russia because he sees your foreign and/or domestic policy as oppressive . 
  you assumed the worst to discredit him and because you get off on being a victim , i presume .
