  all the ikeas i know follow the same pattern . 
  you can go directly to the caf\u00e9 / restaurant , but to go out you need to pass by half of the store . 
  if you know your way around , there are shortcuts that you can take to go out , but still , is not convenient to go there for coffee , unless you have time to spare . 
  red cross or other ngo could set up a place for picking up unwanted tents after fests and deliver them to refugees, 
  not everyone on my club does it . 
  and i refuse to . 
  i 'm just too lazy for it, 
  that video and the idea behind it is really cool ( pun intended ) . 
  i did interviewed the director some months ago : http://stafmagazine.com/features/mot-nord/, 
  did an interview with the director some months ago , if you want to check it : http://stafmagazine.com/features/mot-nord/, 
  i was mod of a forum for several years back in spain . 
  that 's why i 'm not proposing myself for the task . 
  good luck , we 're counting on you https://youtu.be/ab2yqed0nus, 
  where i live ( belgium ) , at every cycling event i 've been ( several cyclos , averaging 3-4 a month , or cyclocross in winter ) there 's always non-alcoholic drinks to choose from ( ice-tea , coke , fanta ) . 
  and is not because there 's a shortage of beers over here . . 
  cava in spain is mostly drank on special occasions as christmas or celebrations . 
  wine and beer is what is drank daily . 
  where do you live then ? 
  must be a place where breweries offer big discounts in order to promote themselves, 
  i was in the train to brussels when my gf calls me and tells me `` there has been a bomb at the airport , you should come back home '' `` nah , i 'll go to work , everything 's going to be ok '' . 
  at brussels centraal i arrive to the metro on time to pick the train to hermann-debroux , but i feel like taking a coffee so i wait for the next one for stockel so i can step out at montgomery . 
  when the train was stopped at arts-loi , we felt the blast of the explosion in maalbeek . 
  later on , while i was walking in the street and talking with my sister in spain i realized that , if i did n't wanted to have a coffee , things would have gone very very different . 
  you can put more , but anything over 79 will not be tax-deductable, 
  i know that because when i started my fund with kbc i made a lot of questions . 
  i think the exact ammount is 78,33 $ monthly . 
  anything over that will not be deducted . 
  mine was running lineage os marshmallow happily , until i switched to a sony x compact . 
  you should give it a try ( lineage , or the x compact , up to you ), 
   is the x compact nougat ? 
  yes , 7.0 with march security patch . 
  qs is sponsored by lidl, 
  [ yep , i definitely have a lot of terrain to discover yet ... ] ( http://imgur.com/a/2khuj ), 
  and how many swerves left and right ? 
  of course . 
  how could i forget , this is belgium after all ... 
  not sure if they sell that in belgium , only found online reference to the industrial products in industrial sizes, 
  always heard bad things about using wd-40 on the bike . 
  i guess that if it works as degreaser i would have to clean it before i apply the lubricant , right ? 
  thanks , will give it a try, 
  too much hassle for me . . 
  great , now that my office is going to be moved to their headquarters ... 
  worse commute and if the clamp down on working from home . . 
  thanks !, 
  will hit as next time i pass by one, 
  but you ( and i ) have the advantage of living here . 
  i do n't mind riding on a sportive , like the ones of bianchi or proximus , but yeah , so many riders . . no , thanks . 
  up did that , starting yesterday, 
  podemos + iu , their diputados did exactly that . 
  the online newspaper , ctxt , launched a campaing with #yosoycassandra and a site to sign and show support , that crashed yesterday because it had too many requests . 
  only in belgium ... 
  * edit : it can only happen in belgium ... 
  crossposting from / r/peloton . 
  all credit to / u/vasco _, 
  i 'm working from home today . 
  instead of having radio or music on the background i have this . 
  but maybe i 'll change to to de ideale wereld #voordepuzzle : https://www.facebook.com/deidealewereld/videos/1392100244174671/, 
  i 'm dissapointed only ruben van gucht is allowed on the climbs . 
  monday it is . 
  i 've been working since 8 am from home , bringing a new server into production , my girl is mad at me because we had plans , but hey , at least my boss is putting an all-nighter over the us, 
  the server was already setup . 
  it was a matter of install + configure applications in a linux and a windows servers . 
  it was only 5 + hours for me , more than 12 for my boss and for the team in india, 
  the edge 20/25 can tell time when recording , i have one . 
  indecision - just like heaven https://youtu.be/vjvlohu5pii, 
  and the writer 's block album by evergreen gerracy, 
  about to leave for the first swim lesson of my 2\u00a01/2 y.o. 
  son . 
  he loves being in the water , we 're gon na have such a great time , 
  that 's the main reason why i joined one . 
  is not like they throw them in the deep end , is more playing with him in the water so he gets used to be where is too deep for him , but what the teacher said is that they will learn to float and swim a bit by the end of june , even put their head under water . 
  there were kids younger than him and some older , i do n't think it will be late for yours , but register him with plenty of time in advance . 
  we go to a town close to ours because the pool in ours had a waiting list of almost a year !, 
  yeah , i think you should already . 
  where we went it was fully booked , and in our town the waiting list is for weekday classes ... 
  upvote for the pirineos !, 
  also the area around girona , lots of pros living and training g there , and the north coast of spain , basque country , cantabria , asturias . 
  and belgium , of course !, 
  bergs and cobbles and a country crazy for cycling !, 
  i 'm the only tech guy in our office . 
  i do it stuff , but we have a us/india based helpdesk and my managers have explicitly forbid me of doing anything helpdesk related unless the whole network is down . 
  we 're moving to the ibm building soon , and we 're getting ltos of emails , new phones , new accounts , etc. 
  i do n't mind help my colleagues , but they keep asking me the most mundane questions , that they can solve themselves if they just read their emails , not only the first 4 lines ... 
  i ca n't wait to go to the new location , with proper in-site helpdesk , even if the office location is worse that what we have now ... 
  because this other people will tell you to read the email anyway ... and depends on how much coffee had i got already , will be said nicely . . or not, 
  been in this game for too long to keep any faith for that ... 
  wendy 's was in europe in the 80s , i remember one in my neighbourhood in madrid, 
  yeah ... he was also a great write , we both wrote for the same spanish skate mag and his articles were always witty , funny and thoughtful, 
  thank you . 
  he never cared for the limelight or filming , some of those lines are 10 years old . . 
  somehow i think he would laugh off all the pics and vids that people is sharing about him . 
  thank you . 
  he was 38 , only a few years younger than me . 
  life sucks sometimes . 
  thank you . 
  skateboarding truly brings together people from all neighborhoods and social-economic status , no matter what . 
  and because of that , you get to know great , amazing people you would have never met otherwise . 
  he sounds like a funny guy , do n't let him go , you should marry him !, 
  except that 's venezuela, 
  bells and reflectors ( and lights when you ride at night time ) are mandatory on bikes except for road bikes .
