  i have a merino base layer that i use when the weather is cold ( and it gets cold in flanders ) . 
  if you want to surprise , download any of the nashups from [ terry urban ] ( http://terryurban.com/category/music/ ), 
  edit : just noticed that a lot of the links are dead , i have some of his works on a laptop , let me know if you want any . 
  i 'm working for watson health ( well , technically not yet , i 'm part of the truven company in europe and our toe is not set until april 2018 ) and i have n't seen much from ibm yet , just had my lenovo p50 a few weeks ago . 
  i 'm kind da scared that the situation in europe is similar to what i read here . . 
  going to sleep yesterday at 2 am almost trying to finish some reports for my job , and being since 8 on a webex meeting , watching how our team in india and my boss ( wich is an indian too , based in ny ) , are updating one of our production servers and discussing why the update is not successful ... 
  one coffee is not enough for this ... 
  [ gifts & care ] ( http://www.giftsandcare.com/ ) are based in spain , they have sample packs too and great service . 
  orange juice , freshly squeezed preferably , is mostly drink at breakfast , not with your meals . 
  roomba , [ specially if you have a cat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0z79ycisdu ), 
  there are 6 of them, 
  i 'm spanish , can confirm . 
  meister, 
  so precisely on its side that the screen got unharmed but the volume buttons got bent and stuck ( the missing pieces on the back cover side are not from this fall , they ` be been falling apart with time ) , and now it only boots up on fastboot mode . 
  and it stays on fastboot because the volume buttons are unresponsive , they ca n't be pressed , there 's no movement no matter how hard i press or where / what direction . 
  i do n't matter the data , everything is backed up , but i was going it would last a few more months . 
  now i need to find a new phone that is similar sized as this one ( no bigger than the iphone 6 , that 's as big as it gets for me ) , any suggestions other that a sony z5 compact ? 
  or how to get my volume buttons back ? 
  edit : i can press the buttons if i lift the back cover and boot it up , but only in safe mode, 
  they are different lines ( iphone is my work phone ) , but may i ask why ? 
  i have read mixed reviews of that model , i like more the z5 compact design though . 
  is the same for belgium . 
  is fun when you see how popular some cobbles and muurs are, 
  orered a sample from fitjar with the promo they currently have , and they added the aftershave . 
  got the shipment yesterday so i had to try them today . 
  love the scent of both the cream and the aftershave . 
  the cream is lighly woody , with juniper and spruce . 
  the aftershave is thick , with heather and cedar scent . 
  now , the final tests is in a few hours , when i meet later with my wife ... i-m sure she will love it . 
  what brush is that ? 
  thanks , i might go that route , but my gps has been broken for months already , probably the antenna . 
  i know i can fix it , i 've changed several screens to previous phones , but i think it might be time to let it go ... 
  those brushes ... they are so shiny ... so gorgeous ... 
  did n't knew that ... 
  thank you !, 
  first she said she liked it more than my standard dr vergulde hand/nivea combo , and some hours later she said she did n't smell nothing ... 
  well , jokes on her , i like fitjar and i will keep on using it , alternating with lea/floyd from next week on . 
  i placed mine on the 5th and was delivered past thursday . 
  edit : i 'm not belgium , i 'm * in * belgium . 
  under what cathegory could i expense that ? 
  back from spending a long weekend in madrid visiting my family and friends . 
  i 'm happy i got to see my family , but the shitty weather ( rain for the 4 days , varying from drizzle to heavy downpour ) ruined any chance of taking a walk or do a terrace . 
  and i could not see almost any of my friends because of that , and my wife being tired ( on her defence , she do has a point that we travel with our 2 y.o. 
  son and we should not be running from meeting to meeting with him and instead have a rest so he can take a nap ) , and i could not bring my favorite coffee back with me :(, 
  oh , and i 'm back at work and weather in belgium still sucks . 
  but on the bright side , i brought a new aftershave splash ( flo\u00ffd mentolado suave ) that is making me smell delicious . 
  oh , but on the bright side , i got to eat papa johns pizza !, 
  they happened to have their only location in spain not close from my cousin 's place , where we were staying . 
  probably the best `` fast food/non-restaurant '' pizza i ever had . 
  i 've tried 2 different feather blades , i do n't remember the model name , but one had a black box logo , and the other was yellow . 
  i found the black ones better than the yellow , but nothing to write home about . 
  still , blades work different for each person . 
  thanks , was n't aware of that . 
  then , it must have been something else what gave me a different shave with the yellow one ... 
  only a way to find out what is it ... to the shave-cave !, 
  thanks , was n't aware of that . 
  then , it must have been something else what gave me a different shave with the yellow one ... 
  only a way to find out what is it ... to the shave-cave !, 
  thanks !, 
  not that i care too much about upvotes , bu i appreciate the gesture . 
  i 'm tornbetween liking that belgian cities and towns have their own litle personality when it comes to fast food options ( not the same franchises all over ) and my love for some offereings that i ca n't find here ( papa johns is the latest one , taco bell i think is overrated if you compare it to some burrito/tacos joints in madrid , but i would n't mind to have chipotle here ), 
  i did google , but most of the 1st page results are facebook or `` official '' sites that have been dead for months . 
  and google does not tell me if a webshop is reputable , so i prefer to ask for advice to a bunch of strangers on the interwebs , 
  thanks , that 's what i wanted to hear, 
  thanks . 
  i checked on http://willmyphonework.net/ and it says that it will work on 4g band 3 - 1800 mhz , i understand that it will work on 4g , but might lose 4g coverage at times, 
  my old guy contribution :, 
  obviously no music video with skateboarding can miss this : suicidal tendencies - possessed to skate https://youtu.be/4qztywrfgn4, 
  tom petty - free fallin : https://youtu.be/1lwjxdg2i0a, 
  gang green - born to rock https://youtu.be/uqzbum6y6qk, 
  jfa - danny sargent trucks https://youtu.be/gd6eddn1cba, 
  jfa - skateboard anarchy https://youtu.be/a7kpgda8d0k, 
  dinosaur jr. - going down https://youtu.be/2zncwvyiofi, 
  i 'm sure sss have some video with skateboarding , but ca n't find it on mobile, 
  now i ca n't unsee it ... 
  never did it , so i 'm going to see how fast can i lose everything, 
  i 'm sure that 's a exploding [ exploded view diagram ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exploded-view_drawing ), 
  i ordered the free sample , it came with an after shave sample , made a small sotd :, 
  for the free sample , indeed is worth it !, 
  i have n't finished the sample , and i have a new lea tub , so probably i will not order again ... yet . 
  same username as here, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'd love some paella or tortilla for lunch ( real ones , no those jaimie olivier things ) . 
  i could cook it myself , but i do n't have the time, 
  there is such party in spain [ esca\u00f1os en blanco ] ( https://escanos.org/ ), 
  some etacher from an us university ? 
  i heard it too , but forgot his name . 
  last 3 times i 've been in madrid i 've rented with different companies at the airport . 
  sometimes hertz is cheaper than avis or sixt is , or viceversa . 
  compare the prices on their sites . 
  if you 're not coming by plane might be other cheaper options . 
  i think you do n't need to pay tolls for your route , maybe only from malaga to sevilla , but i 'm not sure , and probably there 's a free good alternative . 
  i had to go from affligem to brussels that day around 10 am . 
  luckily i launched waze before leaving and avoided the trap by going on secundary roads . 
  i did n't knew why waze sent me that way until i came back hours later and saw the cars still trapped ... 
  everyone would be ok with it . 
  ciclocross , the ronde van vlaanderen , traffic jams , praline , tintin , beers, 
  commenting just to say that i was here, 
  the brick laying machine is dutch , for sure . 
  they will make a photocopy , then scan it so it is digitalized , then print it in order to archive it .
