  not bad , crank it up !, 
  i have a colleague with me today , pls is monday , so is earphones + podcast day until the evening meetings start, 
  i am soooo happy i do n't receive any call at my job . 
  not that i do n't like talking on the phone , but i worked at call center and helpdesk in the past and , let 's say , i 'm a bit biased when it comes to incoming calls , 
  what i dread the most on this job are the daily ( yes , daily ) calls with my manager ( ny based ) and the fact that he looooooves conference calls . 
  with the time difference , i have a lot of those calls near 5 , so i end up leaving the office later than i should ( but there 's no problem if i start late , so that 's ok ) . 
  sometimes he runs late and calls me from the car/train/metro or while he is ordering a coffee just to let me know he will be late , or to start the call in the meanwhile . 
  some days i do the same , i tell him i need to go and i join the call while i 'm in the metro or train . 
  having a remote manager , and all of my team actually , is quite ok for a lot of things , except for those virtual meetings ... ugh ... 
  still , i think i have it better than you , i do n't have the patience to deal with incompetence as you describe , breathing exercises or not . 
  kudos to you !, 
  because is tradition , and some people think that the shops downtown ( do\u00f1a manolita in particular ) are luckier than the rest . 
  some people even come from other cities to buy lottery ( and queue ) there . 
  my apologies , i did n't saw the other one . 
  i 'll add this link on the comments . 
  text article : https://www.globalcitizen.org/content/anneke-lucass-harrowing-tale-of-sex-trafficking-am/, 
  yeah , we 're looking to replace our 2006 white macbook . 
  it stills works good but it does not get any updates sonce 2014 , i think , and the battery is almost dead ( is the 3rd battery already ) . 
  we have a 2006 white macbook that is slowly dying . 
  apple replaced a few parts without being under warranty because they recognized it was a manufacturing defect , they are a great company when it comes to those things . 
  thanks for the tip on cami store , never heard of them but i 'll be aware of them . 
  i know i can get more bang for my buck with other brands . 
  i have a lenovo p50 , dell xps and previously had acer , asus and hp laptops , all of them running windows or linux at one moment or other of their lives . 
  i value the simplicity of use and maintenance of os x and the build quality of the macbooks . 
  i do n't like the non-replacable batteries , but you get that with almost every ultrabook . 
  that 's why i asked about the fine print , if the warranty is covered exclusively by telenet or is a standard manufacturer 's warranty . 
  we have a 2006 macbook that is still running ok although the battery ( 3rd replacement ) is almost dead . 
  apple has honored warranty issues without any fuss ( ca n't say the same about other laptos i had from acer or hp ) and even exchanged parts out of warranty when they recognized it was a factory defect ( with the macbook , ipod mini and iphone chargers ) . 
  i 'm far from being an apple fanboy , i have a lenovo p50 , dell xps and previously had asus , acer and hp , and all ran linux and/or windows , my daily phone is a moto x and have been using android phones since the htc magic , but i recognize that apple have good warranties and build quality , and os x is easy to use and mantain . 
  bad repair experiences can be had with all brands , and i do n't like the unibody builds and their non-removable batteries , but most ultrabooks are built like that . 
  is not properly a throwback , but i just started my vacations and for the first time since i moved to belgium almost 3 years ago , i 'm going back to madrid to spend christmas with my family !, 
  oh boy , you do n't know how much i 'm looking forward to it !, 
  i fixed the screen on mine 2 times already , well , not the screen , but the flat cable that connects to it . 
  once we replace it , i 'll see what i can do with it . 
  i do n't need a media center , i have a chromecast , but still , i 'm sure i can figure out one way or another to tinker with it, 
  telenet promo is for the macbook air , i wish it were for the 2015 pro , i do n't like the way apple is going with the ports , do n't have me started on the `` new '' macbook ... grrr ... 
  i 'm spanish , so i use the spanish cards and choose [ el rey de bastos ] ( https://byenrique.files.wordpress.com/2014/06/rey-de-bastos.jpg ), 
  my vacation has ended and i 'm back at the office , enjoying this gray cold weather ... 
  i miss madrid already . 
  past just it was straight to customs , not sure if it changed work the renovations, 
  have a wonderful 2017 all of you !, 
  ( yes , that includes you too ) . 
  i have quite a few , i 'll be happy if i do one at least :, 
  cycle 100 km and the geraardsbergen muur ( not in the same ride if possible ) . 
  skateboard more, 
  lose weight, 
  go to more shows , not only to ieperfest, 
  and one thing is looking forward with curiosity is how my company integration with ibm will go, 
  only thing i 'm pushing right now is my stomach in . 
  i guess my brother-in-law will stay in belgium for the next 6 months at least then . 
  that would be 5/8 of a cannibal, 
  hi there , fellow truven colleague !, 
  probably not , but your post could have been written by me , lets put it that way , 
  looks like wallonia ( french text on ads ), 
  we have a slightly different timeline ( brussels office ) but one thing is certain , so far my colleagues are not enjoying the email transition , among a few other details , but i think it will be interesting how we fit into watson health and what can be done within it . 
  spain is a espresso/moka country . 
  if you ask for coffee at any bar , you get a espresso . 
  most of the houses have a moka pot, 
  i 'm in , kind sir !, 
  i think it works , but only in brussels, 
  had that happen to me on the last ride of the year , with a route i created on strava , and once i got enough mud soaked roads and gravel , i switched to google maps for the quickest route home , that put me on a muddy single track . 
  is there when i found out that pedalling on wet grass and mud with slicks is as fun as it is scary . 
  is called la complutense . 
  universidad is a feminine word in spanish , 
  i have one of their balms and one cream , i do n't remember their names now , but i love them . 
  made a sotd with them some time ago . 
  the main difference with generic gloves is that cycling gloved have padding on the palms , probably some reflective bits for added security , and wind/rain resistant while allowing perspiration . 
  you can check the decathlon brand , the are quite good for what they cost , or wiggle.com own brand , dhb . 
  with that weight , it can be anything but a very slow marathon ... 
  brugge is beautiful , but is too touristy and some times it can feel as you 're at a theme park . 
  gent , on the other hand , is as beautiful as brugge and not that touristy , it feels more lively . 
  also , post this on / r/belgium , you 'll get more answers there . 
  to bag the bike , obviously, 
  not sure what do you mean getting discounts . 
  as far as i know , you need to make an appointment with their genius bar , and you get a closed price for the repair . 
  screen of my iphone 6 was about 120 $ , i think . 
  when they fixed mine they offered one as well , but is a company phone and was n't sure if that would be ok , serial numbers and so , so i asked it to be fixed . 
  they explain everything very detailed , and they speak english too . 
  they do it directly in brussels , it takes 1 hour or 1:30 , depends on how many repairs they have . 
  usa una buena u como kryptonite o asus , o asus bordo . 
  y atala a sitios resistentes . 
  let me guess ... outsourced ? 
  i should show this to all my friends back in spain that think belgium is all about h8000 and similar ... 
  i remember that rant . 
  i work also with a small outsourced team in india . 
  add to that that my 2 direct managers are also indian , but living in ny and sometimes they have to understand the concept of different timezones ... everyonce in a while i think that i should listen to my wife when she tells me that i should work for a belgian company, 
  the ad just popped on my facebook feed , that is his i find about it, 
  is not that bad , but i live in belgium , so i 'm biased . . , 
  chorizo , jamon cocido , jamon serrano , sardinas ... the possibilities are endless . 
  i think barcelona is overrated , but i 'm from madrid ... 
  so now you live to work ? 
  you 're talking about antwerp now ? 
  i 'm starting to regret to have buying our house , we knew it would need some work here and there , but there 's a lot of hidden things . 
  last one is getting on me and my gf nerves : we hired a company to isolate the roof and put new tiles . 
  they did it few weeks ago , but we 've noticed a huge build up of condensation . 
  they 've come to check , said that there was ice between the isolation panes and the plastic that goes under the tiles , and filled the spaces between the panels and the walls and wooden beams with sealant foam . 
  that reduced the inner build up , but now the wooden beams are getting soaked from what we believe is the ice melting . 
  that 's driving us crazy . 
  we 're even thinking of selling the house , but we will probably end losing money with all the taxes for selling less than 3 years after buying and so ... 
   aalst is the carnaval capitol , so they 're seen as ` marginaal ',
