  i managed to hang with the group almost the whole ride , except on the last climb where my legs were barely keeping up , and on the last roundabout , where i missed the right exit and i could n't rejoin the group , but that was almost the end so i knew where to go . 
  overall , a very good experience , despite the 0\u00bac and windy weather , making it a -4 \u00bac feeling . 
  riding on a group is quite stressful for me , but i think i can get used to it . 
  i had pain on my left shoulder for part of the ride , and on the outer part of my left foot sole , never experienced that on any of my solo rides , so i guess it might be due to the stress of group riding ( mind you , i was focused on the riders in front of me , the road , the signals , what the rider that was next to me was saying ( in flemish . 
  i 'm spanish and speak some dutch , but not good enough to have a casual chitchat in that situation , but i tried ) and the advice he was giving me regarding cadence , shifting , etc. 
  i 'm looking forward for next sunday ride , although it might be rainy and cold . . 
  usually 2-5 kilometers slower , and better in a longer ride , but that was very flat cyclo event and had a food stop and refueled there , wich i did n't do yesterday . 
  but the group was taking it easy yesterday , i have the impression they can go much faster and they were taking it easy because it was the first ride of the season . 
  thanks !, 
  but i 'm afraid i 'm far from it ... , 
  none of those . 
  maybe groezrock , and for sure ieperfest . 
  because hardcore . 
  is a good climbing bike too : https://twitter.com/trepadorae, 
  as a few before me have said : tartar , homemade ( by the frituur ) if possible . 
  how does their customer area in their website and service compare to luminus ? 
  god , how i miss my city . . 
  great pictures , i hope they do n't start to put segregated bikelanes and continue with the ciclocalles . 
  mpost of the pictures are downtown , on areas that do n't get much traffic , or are restricted only to neighbours and services , or on parks, 
  the first school had an opendeurdag on friday , and they said they would contact us to make an appointment for inscribing him , but did n't said when , we were surprised when they called us today . 
  the second school do n't have their opendeurdag until april 11th . 
  thanks . 
  obviously , english is not my first language , and inscribe is a false friend with the spanish word i 'd use , inscribir . 
  live streaming : http://deredactie.be/cm/vrtnieuws although nothing interesting to see . 
  : #forestlockdown shows images of forests after the police asked not to upload images of the operation, 
  now , it baffles me that rtl has a special program about it , while \u00e9\u00e9n and vtm do not change their schedule . 
  i partly agree , some special programs only serve to alarm the population . 
  is just that for me , as a foreigner that has been living here only 2 years , it draws my attention that on events like this , there 's a difference in coverage according to the language of the media . 
  i 've noticed it with metro newspaper too , same newspaper , different cover news . 
  better get my crowbar, 
  van aermaert winning tirreno - adriatico was obviously more important, 
  can i fill the answers in english ? 
  i understand dutch good enough for the `` closed answer '' questions , for the open answers i 'm afraid i ca n't express good enough in dutch . 
  maria fontaneda, 
  done . 
  living in flanders , so the open answer refers only to the question . 
  i 'm afraid the child still does not have one, 
  torres de colon , they were built `` from the upside down '' in the 70s . 
  the `` plug '' on top was added decades later . 
  more info in spanish :, 
  what coffeemaker do you use ? 
  electric ? 
  i find that most , if not all of the ground coffee at the supermarkets is ground for electric coffe machines , not so good for bialettis, 
  thanks . 
  it has been a horrible day , i 'm lucky to be alive . 
  thanks , i plan to do so . 
  i did not got in the train that exploded because i wanted to take lane 1 and get a cup of coffee at montgomery station . 
  if not , i would have take that line 5 train . 
  i was in kunst wet when i felt the shockwave . 
  the train moved into the tunnel and we were there for 15-20 minutes until we we 're evacuated, 
  i have a strange feeling , knowing that i 'm still alive by chance , not going into a metro because i wanted to have a coffee at paul in montgomery . 
  i can get line 1 to montgomery or line 5 to thieffry to get to my office . 
  there is no god to thank for this , just sheer luck . 
  when the bomb went off at maelbeek i was on the subway in the previous stop , kunst-wet . 
  we noticed the shock wave of the explosion , but no noise was heard . 
  the convoy started to move and soon stopped in the tunnel , for 15 or 20 minutes . 
  you could hear some screaming , muffled sounds like things that fallin the distance , direction maelbeek . 
  by the speaker in the metro you could hear a recording `` there has been an incident on the line '' ; . 
  some passengers said that there had been an explosion in maelbeek , there was some smoke inside the car . 
  people remained calm , there were no scenes of panic or hysteria . 
  we are evacuated through the tunnel direction kunst-wet , helping elderly people to get off the train and walk the train tracks , subway employees telling us where not to step because of risk of electrocution . 
  there is smoke , but visibility is acceptable and you can breathe . 
  there were a couple of policemen in the tunnels and soldiers at the station to help the elderly to climb the platform . 
  once on the street , sirens everywhere . 
  police , ambulance , firemen . . 
  i go to the central station to try to catch a train home . 
  as i informed my family in spain and in belgium that i 'm fine . 
  sms or calls do n't work , only data . 
  some streets are closed to traffic , some are also closed to pedestrians . 
  i start to receive the first requests from journalists to use my photos and interview me . 
  brussel centraal station is evacuated just when i arrive . 
  unable to return home , i walk an hour to work . 
  there is no public transport , no trains , metro , bus or tram . 
  without knowing how i 'm coming home , several colleagues offer me to sleep over at their home or drive me at night , when the traffic jam has dissapeared . 
  finally , i find a driver on blablacar , sharing a trip that makes the same route and dropped me off in liedekerke . 
  i ' ; m home . 
  i think they were on the `` better safe than sorry '' side of things . 
  the metro had ligths , so there was still some power . 
  i 'm alive just by pure luck . 
  i never dwell on `` what ifs '' ( although i like some `` what if '' books ) . 
  it happened , i 'm alive and well , and i 'll keep doing my live as before . 
  2 minutes was the difference between line 5 and line 1 trains . . one of the receptionist at my office was in the train where the bomb was , and she walked out in maelbeek because she needed to go to the toilet . 
  thank you brussels for your solidarity, 
  thanks . 
  i 'm working from home this week , no need to add one more person to the overcrowded waiting lines in brussels centraal . 
  thank you . 
  i feel lucky and good because i 'm ok , but very sad for those who are not . 
  mixed feelings for the last days . 
  same metro , perhaps . 
  luckily no one got hurt during the evacuation there . 
  on the sleepers , mostly . 
  sorry for your loss , from the bottom of my heart, 
  we fly with our son in 2 sundays . . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm going to hike the baby stroller and our hand luggage upstairs like a sherpa ... 
  use shoptimate.be extension to compare prices on amazon sites ( among many others ) and buy at the cheapest one . 
  i switch between . fr , . de , . co.uk or . es sites depending on the prices . 
  for electronics , have in mind that the warranty period for devices bought in france is only 1 year . 
  i work near montgomery , close to the sint michiels school . 
  i like the area , seems nice to live , small shops and supermarkets and quite streets . 
  arby 's and chipotle,
