  you should not take a backpack or purse , but i saw a guy passing through security with a backpack , so i guess it depends on the mood of the guys at the entrance . 
  excuse the bad quality of the photos , my smartphone is not very good at that task , and since it was my first track event , i wanted to pay attention to the cycling more than to composition or timing . . 
  most of the pics are from the first hour , so ' t kuipke was not that full . 
  that changed later on , and by the time we left ( 23:30 , had to drive back home and wake up at 06:00 today ) it was almost full and some people were already dancing macarena in the center area , 
  and now my pics look even worse . . , 
  tight , steep ... laps are a matter of seconds , i found it more entertaining that when i watched the olympics on tv . 
  we were seated on the m section , row 8 , right next to the begin to a section , not the best seatings , but not bad at all, 
  thanks . 
  apparently they are only viewable if you are signed in a google account . 
  try with this links instead :, 
  around 1000 , i think . 
  but for the ammount of them i see in the train , it seems those are 1000 euros well spent . 
  remember to cheer for iljo keise , or you might get some bad looks from the locals , 
  where will you be seating ? 
  i think 116 meters . 
  lap time is 11 - 12 seconds, 
  they used several bikes , mostly all black with black decals . 
  i think iljo has at least one cannondale, 
  that was so common in spain back in the 80s-90s that the police and the schools did n't took it seriously anymore . 
  that 's the spanish inquisition , not the germans . 
  they get some kind of deal ( like a temporary contract ) for the 6 days . 
  i think it was not a full eqs maillot , but only ettix . 
  same with cyclist from top sport vlaanderen riding with tpv bibs and local sponsor maillot , or lotto soudal only wearing lotto logos . 
  you should see the kind of tweets of the spanish national police @policia, 
  that 's what made their former cm internet-famous , and a bit irl too . 
  i 'll call mine micha, 
  thanks , but i 've tried with a lot of gps tools , resetting gps data , etc. 
  and it does not work . 
  about 2 or 3 weeks ago it was working if i restarted the device , but with the infamous ` optimizing apps '' bug at power up , it was a pita . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll try that tomorrow , let 's hope it works, 
  edit : it worked !!, 
  i have gps again , thanks a lot for your help !, 
  edit 2 : a day after , i 'm without gps again :-(, 
   the rest of the world looks at belgium and the netherlands as if we 're cultural savages who cook and eat kittens . 
  not the spaniards . 
  we have our 3 kings traditional parade on jan. 5th , and baltasar , the black king , is 99 % of the times a white guy with make up . 
  the only complains you hear is that they should use a real black guy . 
  might be . 
  he 's a king after all , and the kid 's favorite, 
  where we lived , the previous renters had 3 or 4 cats ( apartment owner is a dierenarts ( vet . ) . 
  the apartment is still for rent , send me a pm and i can give you the link from the immo . 
  bumping up for more visibility and help , i hope . 
  i did what / u/thediabolical1 suggested , it worked only for one day , sadly . 
  will installing another os version ( cm12 or other ) make my gps work ? 
  sadly , spanish government made a law for taxation of house installations , making it not viable for individuals to have solar energy, 
  i bike and drive , and have both type of lights . 
  when i 'm mixed with traffic and there 's enough light i put them on blinking mode , i feel that the cars notice me better . 
  if i go on a segregated bike path , i usually put them on fix mode . 
  that 's what make them better when cycling in traffic  but i put them on fix mode when i 'm not near traffic, 
  no , i 'm not root , i need some banking apps that do not work if rooted . 
  i compared the gps.conf file with the one on that thread and the nemea and glonass lines are like the ones on that thread, 
  i do both ( bike and drive , but not at the same time ... ) and i find that a moving object with a blinking light stands up more and is easier for me to estimate their distance than with a fixed light , but that 's just my impression . 
  same . 
  it does not `` see '' a single satellite, 
  i 've tried on my backyard , on a 40 minutes car ride on the highway , 20 minutes walk down the street ( highest building is 4 stories tall and the avenue is wide ) , on my backyard for more than 20 minutes , and on the attic ( indoors with ceiling windows ), 
  only thing i have n't done yet is taking it out to dinner and movies , and i do n't want to get to that point ... 
  i guess i 'll try rooting and rom route , gps is more important than online banking for me, 
  telenet asks that you leave your old modem in the apartment . 
  if you move there and choose telenet as a provider , they will install the latest model and take the old one . 
  is what we did when we moved past month . 
  new modem has the ac band , whereas the old one only had b/g/n . 
  installation was free because we have the whoppa package , the most expensive . 
  if you go for whop , you have to pay , but i 'm not sure how much . 
  you can also choose the self starter pack , and you make the installation and configuration yourself . 
  seeing that there 's already a telenet modem at your home , i would go for it . 
  probably they will send a new modem too . 
  well , i have gps working again past saturda and so far , so good . 
  how ? 
  i do n't know . 
  thursday night and friday night my phone ran out of battery , and saturday just tried to add location to a tweet and it worked . 
   signs at the entrance to the village read `` welkom in onze vlaamse gemeentschap '' -- `` welcome to our flemish community '' -- and '' ______ - waar vlaamingen voelen sich thuis '', 
  42 y.o. 
  here , not skating as much as i used to do , but every day i relearn a trick i used to do back then is a happy day , 
  amen !, 
  the tire is happy to see you, 
  and not only the park , lots of spots available with almost no pedestrians, 
  i did the opposite move , and every time i compare mobile or internet subscriptions , i cry, 
  did the interviewer asked them in english or dutch/french ? 
  saw the video thursday , but do n't remember what language was used . 
  not motorola , that 's for sure . 
  maybe a z4 mini , i do n't like huge phones . 
  saw that today in liedekerke, 
  a class i example of what looks ok on a smartphone or tablet screen does not scale good to bigger screens, 
  you never expect the spanish inquisition, 
  what about the edge 200 ? 
  since is an old model , i 've seen it at 70 $, 
  ant + i do n't see me using it in the near future . 
  bluetooh on the other hand , i think it would help to see if i have a call or a message from mi wife telling me is time to go back home ... now that i about it , not sure if that 's a good feature or i can live without it ... , 
  the troll face is used ironically ... 
  the vivoactive looks good , but i 'm not a fan of wearables . 
  have n't wore anything in my wrists for the lasts 20 years, 
  thought of that , but i do n't want to have to carry 2 phones so i can be reached in case of emergency , or having to switch sims every time i cycle, 
  well , the garmin units i 'm thinking to buy are smaller than a smartphone , and will sit on the stem . 
  less clutter in the back pockets . 
  i just moved there , have n't checked the rink yet . 
  is easy to reach by train , but you should bike or take the bus to get from the station to the ice rink, 
  what about full female units ? 
  heard the kurdish woman fighters do well on their own against daesh, 
  there 's 2 bath houses in madrid ( casa de ba\u00f1os ) , one in [ tetuan district ] ( http://www.madrid.es/portales/munimadrid/es/inicio/contacto/direcciones-y-telefonos/casa-de-banos-calle-bravo-murillo-133-banos-publicos-?vgnextfmt=default&amp;vgnextoid=eebf7a7e0a61c010vgnvcm1000000b205a0arcrd&amp;vgnextchannel=bfa48ab43d6bb410vgnvcm100000171f5a0arcrd ) and the other in [ embajadores ] ( http://www.madrid.es/portales/munimadrid/es/inicio/contacto/direcciones-y-telefonos/casa-de-banos-glorieta-de-embajadores-banos-publicos-?vgnextfmt=default&amp;vgnextoid=35ef7a7e0a61c010vgnvcm1000000b205a0arcrd&amp;vgnextchannel=bfa48ab43d6bb410vgnvcm100000171f5a0arcrd ) .
