  that gives me hope !, 
  that 's very interesting and not expensive at all , where can i find more information ? 
  or can i ask to anyone that sells tickets ? 
  thanks !, 
   had to chew on bugs now and then, 
  extra protein , who needs protein bars or gels ? 
  i 'm 43 , i started around my 8th birthday, 
  stay out of the sun, 
  last day of job , and 2 weeks vacation !, 
  land of good food , sea and sun , there we go !, 
  edit : typo, 
  could it be the new clock + weather widget , but without any city configured on the sony weather app ? 
  got the sony weather app updated today and it has this new widget where the clock is exactly that style, 
  yeah , why would i go to france ? 
  france food has nothing on the food where we 're going , certainly not meat , and for sure not fish , 
  my friends in edimburgh strongly advise to avoid it ... 
  if you 're into racing , yeah , i guess ... 
  is what happens when papa cannon puts a seed inside mama tank and goes boom !, 
  well , they also like martino and americain , so i would n't get their opinion on high regard ... 
  thomson ? 
  not sure if they are manufactured here, 
  yeah , i own one and i 'm very happy with it . 
  400 meters of accumulated elevation on rides of 80 kms is considered a climbing day . 
  the shop i go at the town i live ( liedekerke ) is quote good . 
  the owner ( and mechanic and seller , is a one man army ) speaks english , always offers a great service and never rushed me, 
  the shop : http://www.ts-bikes.be/, 
  thanks for the gold , kind stranger !, 
  no idea what i can do with it , though, 
  hitchhiker 's guide of the galaxy, 
  how do you like the heat ? 
  madrid , c\u00f3rdoba , sevilla in august can get easily up to 40c or higher . 
  i 'm interested in joining for one of the unclaimed ones , but are they shipped from europe or us ? 
  i 'm very happy with the result . 
  all i did , besides selecting the high iso mode , was to stabilize the phone against the balcony and hold it steady . 
  i 'm in then . 
  i 'll not be in spain until end of august , so better to ship it to belgium, 
  only one way to settle this . 
  ship me an s7 and i 'll take the same pic tonight . 
  thanks . 
  i took the same pic with the night scene mode , it was much more darker , but i will try next with 1 sec exposure . 
  just doing my deed , sir, 
  i 'm back from vacation ... is post-holidays depression a valid cause for staying home and skip work ? 
  so how do i pay ? 
  i had a guilty pleasure the first 2 days of vacation , answering my colleagues skype calls with `` i 'm on vacation , sorry , wish i could help but i 'm at the beach right now '', 
  [ tatas for everyone !, 
  ] ( https://www.google.be/search?q=tata&amp;tbm=isch ), 
  i 've traveled to spain with my e card several times , but i always carry my spanish id card just in case, 
  1 or 2 times peer week , sometimes not even that . 
  my wifes likes when i have some stubble , my job does not require that i have the clean shave look , and i 'm a lazy bastard ... 
  there 's a guy in gent that does long distance : [ rudy rollenberg / pervelo ] ( http://instagram.com/pervelo ), 
  he is a nice guy , i 'm sure he can give you some advice on it . 
  maybe he do n't trust the tour manager , maybe he wanted to buy a shit ton of fries for all the band members and roadies ? 
  how do you insert the data/update the db ? 
  manually or do you use any ai ? 
  you are not alone . 
  we are hooked up too, 
  why am i awake since 7:30 ? 
  why ?!? 
  al i wanted to do was to sleep longer !, 
  i 'd say ditch gibraltar , the connections by train are non existent , and there 's not much to see there . 
  and i would not waste my time and money on bullfighting , go to another museum like the reina sof\u00eda or thyssen instead . 
  or the royal palace . 
  or a regional train and visit el escorial or toledo or segovia, 
   back at work after two weeks . 
  39 unread e-mails, 
  lucky you . 
  after i took 2 weeks i had a couple hundred relevant ones on my inbox , after my filters put a thousand or so on the `` not relevant '' folders . 
  you 're absolutely right, 
  i 'm a fat ass 1m65 , 96 kilos kind of guy . 
  ride de muur was on my to do list of this year . 
  today a friend from spain cam to visit and he was up for it . 
  my heart rate went up to 198 bpm on the hardest part and i felt like puking once we stopped at the top , before leaving for the bosberg . 
  but damm , ca n't wait to try it again !, 
  thanks !, 
  i know some shops rent road bikes ( bmc concept store in aalst , i think ) and probably a lot of local shops . 
  i would check with the centrum voor de ronde van vlaanderen at oudenaarde , if the rent or they point you to a shop on that area , you are already at the start of all the ronde routes . 
  i 'm on mobile now , ca n't check the right links now , but will look into it later, 
  maybe takes you longer , but what about a train to amsterdam and from there to belgium ? 
  i know the brussels - amsterdam has dedicated space for bikes , i 've seen it at the station, 
  and pan bimbo, 
  nocilla or die, 
  you too ? 
  thinking of buying a nest protect smoke + co detector for home , but 120 $ seem to be a bit expensive . 
  my geek side says `` buy it '' , my responsible side tells me `` get something cheaper and use the money on something else '' . 
  anyone has any experience with them ? 
  ( nest protect , not my geek and responsible sides ), 
  it has wifi . 
  it has an app . 
  it has a rgb led . 
  it has a movement detector so it serves as a night light . 
  it sends alarms to your smartphone . 
  it detects if the smoke comes from a fast or slow fire . 
  before sounding the alarm , it gives a warning so you can dismiss it in case you 're cooking something with lots of smoke . 
  but our kitchen and our boiler room are separated by 4-5 meters , so maybe i should buy a co detector for the boiler and a smoke one for the kitchen, 
  planning to buy a nest protect , but i 'm not sure where should i place it . 
  i did a crude floorplan on ms paint , as you can see we have the kitchen ( electric ) about 8-10 meters from the boiler . 
  the boiler is the only gas appliance we have at home , everything else is electric . 
  it is located on a small room under the stairs and the door is closed 99 % of the time . 
  space above the boiler ranges from 50 cms to 1 meter , aprox . 
  the ceiling of the kitchen is aproximately 20 cms .
