  tbh , reddit consumes less resources than facebook, 
  `` an airspeed high enough to produce enough life '', 
  so that 's how life originated ... 
  lbl o not until a few weeks . 
  i think sporza streamed de omloop on youtube last year , no idea about it . 
  there is always cycling.tv , that 's a legal stream but you pay for it . 
  enjoy the ride !, 
  though i live in flanders , i have n't ride on the ardennes yet . 
  thanks for the translation . 
  3 years living in flanders and i could understand maybe 15 or 20 % of it , even with the subtitles . . 
  my father in law made me take a picture with him when we visited . 
  and he is a bigger fan than me , but it was me that had to be on the pic . 
  then he went to talk with him in their flemish dialect and i understood nothing of it . . 
  i was hoping someone would translate for us that have flemish as a third language , to be honest . 
  but someone like me that only has been living in belgium for 3 years is a bit complicated to understand , subtitles and all ... 
  a task worth it of / r/belgium beehive mind , do n't you think ? 
  no one ? 
  ok , i 'll say it : drink beer on the wrong glass, 
  yeah , i know my inlaws like me , but not sure if as much as being a fan ... 
  thank you , kind sir !, 
  of course ( koers ) , it has to be on / r/peloton , thanks !, 
  i do n't like it neither . 
  is catchy , and is a tom boonen `` fan song '' , that was enough to pique my interest, 
  living in flanders here . 
  same thing . 
  the thieves stole bikes worth of 250.000 $ from 3 shops . 
  this is the article and the video of [ the 19:00 news ] ( http://deredactie.be/cm/vrtnieuws/binnenland/1.2903930 ) , in dutch . 
  same info as the english link on the title , but with pictures in motion, 
  * edit : typo *, 
  i know what it is , but i ca n't unsee the small man at the bottom that has the eyes lower that its big nose and those small teeth ... 
  sorry to ruin it for you ... ( not really xd ), 
  for what i remember they were quite predominant on the news for a while, 
  thanks !, 
  the first pairing is done via nfc , then the songs are streamed via bluetooth , maximum range is about 100 meters ( under ideal conditions , though ), 
  i 'm not sure if nfc has enough bandwidth for that, 
  what 's a `` soft '' profession ? 
  i work on it , my gf does administrative work , does that count ? 
  so any profession that interacts with `` soft-ware '' ( humans ), 
  in belgium they can legally drive on the cycling path , i 'm not sure but i think they have to use the cycling path . 
  i hate that . 
  there should not be region-locked , i can watch it with a us vpn . 
  direct link to the full episodes :, 
  try spain . 
  you have quite a few options :, 
  - the north coast , you can be climbing mountain passes while having a view of the mar cantabrico . 
  the basque country , cantabria , asturias , galicia ... those regions love cycling , and food is delicious . 
  - ride the pyrinees from the mar cantabrico to the mediterranean , hopping between spain and france . 
  - andalucia . 
  more than beaches , you have lovely high and mid mountains there , some of them really close to the beach . 
  and guaranteed sun . 
  they fear they will be trapped at the last carnaval party that is still going on . 
  that might be one of the few advantages ( for me ) of living on a small size town ( or a big size village , not sure how to qualify where i live ) . 
  we did n't had to camp or even wait in line . 
  we send an email to the school we wanted , they told us when do they had the next opendeurdag , we visited , spoke with the juf , saw the school , and enrolled our son . 
  is the last day of creche of my son , he starts school next monday . 
  i 'm not nervous , but in reality i am . 
  i know he will do good , he do n't mind changes and is very sociable , but time goes too fast ... 
  i do n't mind cycling in the rain , is kinda fun until you hit the cobbles , but man , give me some sunny rides !, 
  wait , what ? 
   spoke with the juf, 
  * ahem * , 
  i guess is considered an english letter , maybe ? 
  to allow for the wind to pass through . 
  if they were n't , strong winds could break the plastic or lift the fence off the ground . 
  also , to allow old folks to peep into the site and criticize how do they do it . 
  but does it has onion ? 
  mine is very quick , with any of the 2 fingers i have it set up . 
  sometimes i think is a bit too quick , when i just want to check if i got a notification and it unlocks it right away . 
  loud and clear , 
   bring in ibm experts, 
  it will be cognitive now . 
  please do n't mention lotus notes ... 
  goid luck !, 
  you got it , champ !, 
  my 2 & 1/2 y.o. 
  son just got windpokken ( varicela - chickenpox ) . 
  if it was n't for the spots in his body , you would n't notice that he is sick , he is as happy and energetic as always . 
  he his started school past monday and he wants to go today too , he loves it , 
  well , time for me to work from home and take care of him . 
  as far as i know that vaccine is not mandatory in belgium . 
  our son has all the vaccines needed for ihs age , we 're not * that * kind of partners . 
   what doesnt kill you , 
  makes you immune , 
  i have the xiaomi pistons v3 https://tweakers.net/productreview/110856/xiaomi-pistons-v3 - ( zwart ) . html , they are cheap but sound good for me , and survive being tossed in the backpack for more than a year, 
  awake since 4 a.m. , my son ca n't sleep with the windpokken ... is going to be a long weekend ... 
  i hope ours does not need that long ... 
  he started to have the pox thursday , some are already open and drying up . 
  no data coverage and bad roads . 
  will not time travel again . 
  probably not . 
  i take mine in my checked in luggage everytime i go to spain . 
  you gang check on the airline website to be sure , though . 
  is via amazon.fr ( http://www.tijd.be/ondernemen/retail/amazon-lanceert-boodschappendienst-in-belgie/9870286 ), 
  pantry is for non-perishables . 
  amazon fresh is for perishables , but i think they only offer that in cities where they can do a 2-hour delivery, 
  at least is the kind of box that appears on every image for the pantry service, 
  is cool to see him skating my friends mini , for the past week there were pics of him at all of my friend 's shops in spain, 
  is that bad ? 
  the joys of parenthood ... glad that it was just a scare and nothing more . 
  from spaniard to spaniard : amen .
