  you need to take your own towel and soap , and it cost 50 cents for 20 minutes of hot water . 
  i hope the do n't make segregated paths and continue with the carril 30 and own the road mindset, 
  there 's a spa on the eurostars hotel , you can pamper yourself and enjoy the views :, 
  i 'm using the cygolite metro 500 , is an old model , so you might find it with a big discount, 
  valar doaheris . 
  [ stars and watercarriers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zuir9lg1juw ), 
  i posted a similar question on / r/bycicling some days ago , maybe the answers can help you :, 
  bioracer or inverse , both european do no problem with the shipping, 
  `` how the race was won '' is a good one too, 
  i think he will start again when the season begins ( i hope ), 
  what trainer is that ? 
  would n't mind to buy a cheap one, 
  thanks , will check it out now that belgium starts to get some proper winter !, 
  [ why ca n't we be friends , by war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dmylrxr0y8 ), 
  padded shorts or underwear , and a female specific seat , they are a bit wider and shorter , ask your local bike shop for advice, 
  before my current job , i did interviews with showpad and mediagenix ( gent and brussels based ), 
  both seemed quite innovative and fun places to work at . 
  that figure is only for the european commission, 
  liedekerke too . 
  only been living here since november , and i ca n't wait for the station works to finish . . 
  i only go to aalst to shop . 
  it worked so good in china ... 
  one of us , one of us !, 
  played twice in tournai years ago , loved the shows , lots of fun , good crowd , nice mosh !, 
  i got my 25 past week and took it for a ride on the rain past sunday . 
  i 'm happy with it , is really small , so it does not take a lot of space , but is hard to look at the data at a glance ( not a problem for me , i do n't look at it while riding ) . 
  i bought it over the 20 for the ant + and bluetooth options . 
  i 'll add an hrm or cadence sensor in the future , and bluetooth is good for receiving sms and call notifications when paired with your smartphone ( have n't tried yet ) or to upload the ride via the connect app ( a plus for me as i have n't got the garmin express program to work ), 
  lucky me i live in liedekerke, 
  where can i find the original map ? 
  can it be zoomed in ? 
  thank t , most appreciated, 
  i 'm a tech lead , whatever that means, 
  belgium , a lot of small streets are bidirectional for bicycles and mopeds , there 's no marking on the ground usually , only a sign at the begin of the street . 
  in madrid , there 's one painted on the ground on calle mayor , not too wide , and i never liked riding there , specially at sol , lots of people crossing it without looking . 
  now there 's a reserved lane against traffic at calle reyes , for the pictutes i 've seen , it looks great . 
  an example on the madrid streets : http://www.enbicipormadrid.es/2016/02/reyes-o-mayor-dos-modelos-de-implantar.html, 
  article and documentary are in spanish , and i could n't find any subtitles , but if you understand it , it is very interesting . 
  there 's an [ english website ] ( http://ciclosperucha.net/indexen.html ) aswell . 
  the documentary can be viewed online until february 21st . 
  domingo perucha built the tandems that won the paralympic games 3 times , 5 world champs and 3 spanish champs , plus being the home mechanich for marino lejarreta , anselmo fuentes , among others . 
  he was expropriated and evicted of his house , shop and garage when the local government wanted to build a new district , and since then he has been squatting an empty place where his shop used to be , fixing and building bikes ( and even a boat ) and teaching on how to build bikes . 
  you can download the app http://app.flandersclassics.be/ , it tells you where is the nearest part of the course to where you are plus live updates , but if you do n't have wifi or a roaming data bundle , i would try to avoid the live updates . 
  the course can be seen here : http://www.omloophetnieuwsblad.be/en/elite-men/race/track, 
  i assume you 'll be arriving gent by train , is a short walk from the station to the arrival ( aankomst ) at the citadel park . 
  from there to the unofficial start , and where the buses will be , the sint pietersplain , is a very short walk . 
  if i were living in gent still , i would go to the end for sure . 
  now , geraarsdbergen is closer to where i live , i might go there with my father-in-law, 
  and since you 'll walk from the station to the park , do yourself a favor and eat some of the best croissants in town at vandenbouhede https://goo.gl/maps/zjqelgfc3es2 , 
  comment back after that weekend , let me know what you think  btw , i have nothing to do with that bakery , i lived closed to it and got them for breakfast every sunday , i miss them . 
  and there 's more chance they speak english aswell . 
  or maybe brussels and cater to the expat community . 
  me , i would n't mind dietary advice in english , god knows i need it . 
  well , if you have time , you could visit plum and check their cycling museum ( or check their web if you like old web design http://www.plum-gent.com/ ) or the six days expo at the huis van alijn ( http://www.huisvanalijn.be/collection/expo-de-zesdaagse ), 
  besides that , and with only some hours to spare , just enjoy , go downtown to the graslei and do a terrace if is dry weather , walk a little bit around , do some sightseeing . 
  is on the picture, 
  it 's also morally reprehensible for someone who believes that women should wear burka and not have a voice in society to let those women not wear burka and have free will ... 
  to add to the other 2 comments , riding o the sidewalk is forbidden by law in madrid and you can be ticketed . 
  if you understand some spanish , check www.enbicipormadrid.com ( or . org , not sure ) , they have lots of good content on how to ride in madrid , route tips , etc. 
  in sure they speak english so feel free to contact them, 
  what is that immersion thing ? 
  my son is 18 months , we 're going to check 2 schools this april , they have open days and we want to check them before . 
  mine will go to a dutch only school , i better improve my vlaams !, 
  wife is flemish , i 'm spanish , so we got that front covered , 
  so , if i am on the big ring and change the casette to the 3rd or 4t bigger cogs , is in that moment when i trim ? 
  could you comment on the gps ? 
  does it fix quick on the satellites ? 
  good . 
  i have stock 5.1 and my gps is not working , some weird software issue that i have n't manage to find a solution anywhere , so i 'll check on cm13 . 
  can i flash straight from twrp , or i need to install first a previous cm version ? 
  thanks , will check that long thread , it will take time but at least i 'll learn a few things , 
  much . 
  feels . 
  me too . 
  love to ride on those sections , albeait at a much slower pace than the pros . 
  or that most people on strava . 
  but i get to ride them , that 's what matters !, 
  try http://cyclinghub.tv/, 
  that . 
  check as many banks as you can , even different branches of the same bank . 
  we did it , and got a really good deal past year on kbc , but had good ones on bnp too . 
  negotiate with them , if one bank offers you a better deal , tell that deal to other bank , they might offer you a better one , that 's what we did . 
  depends of the house and it 's state . 
  if it has `` personality '' , something unique , or sentimental . 
  mind also the cost for renovation versus new building , different subsidies and taxes, 
  if you still want to watch it , here is it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho4s1ii6eas, 
  skip to 1:12:00 for the first group to reach the muur van geraardsbergen , and 1:40:00 for the live action . 
  before that , is interviews , recaps , and some complaining that young kids are not that much into cycling as before . 
  if you still want to watch it , here is it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ho4s1ii6eas, 
  skip to 1:12:00 for the first group to reach the muur van geraardsbergen , and 1:40:00 for the live action . 
  before that , is interviews , recaps , and some complaining that young kids are not that much into cycling as before . 
  i did my best, 
  sunday i did my first group ride with one of the local cycling clubs . 
  i managed to hang with the group almost the whole ride , except on the last climb where my legs were barely keeping up , and on the last roundabout , where i missed the right exit and i could n't rejoin the group , but that was almost the end so i knew where to go . 
  overall , a very good experience , despite the 0\u00bac and windy weather , making it a -4 \u00bac feeling . 
  riding on a group is quite stressful for me , but i think i can get used to it . 
  i had pain on my left shoulder for part of the ride , and on the outer part of my left foot sole , never experienced that on any of my solo rides , so i guess it might be due to the stress of group riding ( mind you , i was focused on the riders in front of me , the road , the signals , what the rider that was next to me was saying ( in flemish . 
  i 'm spanish and speak some dutch , but not good enough to have a casual chitchat in that situation , but i tried ) and the advice he was giving me regarding cadence , shifting , etc. 
  i 'm looking forward for next sunday ride , although it might be rainy and cold . . 
  sunday i did my first group ride with one of the local cycling clubs .
