  probably they will . 
  they are starting in spain . 
  as shocking as it is , the x compact is priced cheaper than the z5 compact, 
  thanks !, 
  is not of much use to me , i 'm in europe and it seems that the site only covers us . 
  for europe i use shoptimate.com , though, 
  i think the normal z5 is too big for me , i like the compact format , that 's why i want either the z5 compact or the x compact . 
  i have an iphone 6 for my job and that 's already too big for me, 
  this is for the x or the z5 ? 
  that 's a good point about the warranty . 
  so far the ones i 've checked are sold on amazon , there should be no warranty problems if needed, 
  comments like yours burn me out / s, 
  i use my fitness pal app to track ( more or less ) what i eat , without following any diet . 
  it helps being more conscious about my choices . 
  no worrie , s i was just trying to make a joke . 
  i know burn outs are painfully real , and i agree with you that some people take advantage of it by faking it , and that will hurt the real burned out persons, 
  that 's ... 
  interesting . 
  quite interesting . 
  lots of things go to do in and for the house today , and it seems tomorrow it will be too windy to go out cycling ... 
  i hope i can at least go to the indoor skatepark tonight, 
  not getting drunk, 
  have you asked at an apple store ? 
  maybe they can exchange it themselves, 
  where did you ordered from ? 
  no , he would have told him to put a 2 year old kid . 
  thanks !, 
  ca n't thank you enough for your work , and your answer . 
  this is what makes reddit unique , making a question and have one of the persons that was directly involved with ii answer it . 
  my wife and i wondered several times during the show if some of the events were fiction . 
  knowing that everything is based on real events , make the show even more enjoyable . 
  did n't knew it got cancelled , i always thought it was the idea to just show the development part . 
  did they plan for the third season to show the bombings on hiroshima and nagasaki ? 
  after such a windy sunday , i 'm lucky we only had 3 tiles out of place on the outside bergin , i was afraid the house roof would lose some too . 
  luckily they co e this week to start playing isolation and new tiles , it only took them 9 months to find time for it !, 
  you 're the real mvp !, 
  belgium also uses beaufort , at least for the weather reports . 
  in spain i never heard of it but for wind over seas , inland is measuerd on km/h, 
  belgian postman are no joke either : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j7sgbhxj9y8, 
  my son dips apple and biscuits on the orange juice, 
  technically , it will always be your first tattoo ... 
  there are several underground streams under madrid , a few of them are diverted for that . 
  plus underground water reservoirs . 
  is not only the water from the cibeles fountain ... 
  first time i was in belgium , around 2001 , i almost drove my car ( with spanish plates ) on the pedestrian zone in gent , near the st. baavs . 
  a cop kinda jumped in front of my twingo , and let us know we were on the wrong get direction . 
  we were looking for phyrrus record store , he gave us a map and wrote what streets we should take to avoid any unnecessary killings . 
  i got this [ mavic h2o cap ] ( https://shop.mavic.com/en-int/roadie-h2o-cap-d5866.html ) on bike24.de for less than 19 $, 
  my ears have never been this warm and cozy on a winter ride, 
  yeah , you know , driving on pedestrian zones and all that ... 
  i 'm not belgian , but i 've been skateboarding for a long , long time . 
  my advice is to buy it at a skateboard shop . 
  they can answer all the questions you have , advice you what board/trucks/wheels / etc would be better to start with , and also tell you where to skate . 
  for netherlands and belgium , sony has a 100 $ cashback om their online shop , so it gets around 350 $ for the compact once you get the rebate . 
  not sure if is black friday or just a promo . 
  they are great when you 've moved to another country , they introduce you to people , tell you where to go , etc. 
  too bad the closest to me ( flesh & bones ) closed down . 
  at least the park is still open . 
  which company offers that ? 
  is that an average or median of the prizes ? 
  i know that in spain , for 30 $ you get more than 7gb , more like 25gb . 
  is n't mobistar orange now ? 
  will have to check them , i 'm tired of telenet and their ridiculous 1 gb x 15 $, 
  you can try on the ja\u00e9n - c\u00f3rdoba region in july - early august . 
  that area is nicknamed `` the frying pan of spain '' for a reason . 
  but maximal temperature recorded there has been around 47 or 49c , do n't think is enough to instantly evaporate anything . 
  probably the ground will absorb it before it evaporates . 
  alternatively , you can try in some of the volcanic areas of the canary islands , peeing into one of the open pits where they drop water that turns into a geyser . 
  but probably the tourists will complain ... 
  the sticker covering the full back glass is no exclusive of belgium . 
  i 've seen it in spain long before i moved here . 
  also on public buses covering some side windows with it for publicity campaigns . 
  as others have said , the plastic us perforated . 
  it looks solid from the distance , from short distance you can see through good enough to maneuver your van, 
  thanks !, 
  posting it there , probably someone else besides me will benefit of an english article . 
  [ english article on politico ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/belgian-interior-ministry-suspends-staffer-for-shooting-porn-at-the-office/ ), 
  in belgium they are sold under the colruit supermarkets house brand ( boni ) . 
  what is `` rest of the world '' for you ? 
  only 6 countries in europe have [ 1 year or longer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parental_leave#europe_and_central_asia ) and zinbabwe only has 14 weeks . 
  parental leave should be longer , the 10 days we get now is ridiculous . 
  it should be as long as the maternal leave . 
  and if you read what is on the wikipedia article , from the top 6 countries in europe and central asia ( no idea why the table is like that ) only 3 are on the eu . 
  can you link that article on the nyt that you mention ? 
  even on a [ newspaper form zimbabwe ] ( http://www.herald.co.zw/maternity-leave-law-challenged/ ) only mention 3 months , i ca n't find nothing about 1 year . 
  and i would like to know about those 4 countries that you speak of , just honest curiosity . 
  i believe maternal leave should be longer * and * parental leave should be at the same level as the maternal leave . 
  still you 're not providing any source , only what you say is your personal experience and family , that dos n't make you more reliable than wikipedia ( that cites laws or oit documents ) or a zimbabwean newspaper . 
  i 'm not trying to lecture you ( i think you were the one that tried to lecture me in the first place , to be honest , but i do n't mind ) , just have a honest curiosity about your sources . 
  i agree , but the linked article of the zimbabwean newspaper cites senators and laws , while you still have to link the nyt article, 
  i would like to see those calculations on how would you live with 2000/month and a family of 3, 
  yeah , the paywall can be beat , but a search for zimbabwe and maternity/maternal does not give any good result . 
  however , i found this [ maternity and paternity at work : law and practice across the world ] ( http://www.ilo.org/global/topics/equality-and-discrimination/maternity-protection/publications/maternity-paternity-at-work-2014/lang--en/index.htm ) report from the international labour organization of the united nations , although some of the data might not be up to date, 
  as i said , i think their data is not the most recent one . 
   `` bike door '', 
  as a madrile\u00f1o that do n't live there anymore , you do n't know how much i miss my city and its spots !, 
  changed my habitual spotify music at the office from an ecclectic mix of hiphop , metal , hardcore punk , country or oldies for a renaissance polophonic requiem , and everyone is coming to the room i 'm at asking what is happening . . 
  i guess my colleagues do n't like to be surprised . 
  only when i 'm the only one on our room, 
  i feel your pain ... luckily all my jobs in the last years have been positions where i could have earphones , or were alone on my office often .
