  every year at the beginning of the winter season they do checks on the biggest cross points and they fine those who ride without . 
  sometimes what they do is to give a warning and a discount coupon for a light or free set of lights for those who do n't and other gifts for those who do have lights, 
  even easier i you use google chrome : right click on image  search image ( or something like that ), 
  links or it did n't happen, 
  how to start over at 40, 
  at 40 i lost my wife , my home , and my job . 
  and many of my friends . 
  and i was ashamed . 
  i did n't want to tell people my wife had left . 
  i did n't want to tell people my home was for sale . 
  and the website i had been writing for for seven years , had bought a company i had started , had won over my loyalty for what i thought was forever , was now blocking me from their system . 
  and i was going broke . 
  again . 
  i feel like when i write this it 's like i 'm writing the same newspaper twice . 
  in one form or other i 've written this many times . 
  i 'm almost embarrassed to write it yet again . 
  a quick guide to a ` james altucher ' post :, 
  people tell me , `` this is a typical james blog post : i lost everything , i thought about killing myself , and then i did a , b , and c to make it back ... . and then i lost everything again . '' and then i conclude with , `` i am still alive '' . 
  ( life is never too busy to `` play '' ) . 
  every day . 
  when i turned 40 , a friend of mine threw me a party . 
  my wife was n't there . 
  my daughters were n't there . 
  my friends were n't there . 
  just the one friend who `` threw '' the party . 
  he invited all his friends and his girlfriend . 
  they all celebrated the big 40 for me . 
  i did n't know any of them at all . 
  i barely spoke all night . 
  i paid the bill . 
  a year later i had nothing left . 
  and even that friend who threw the party conveniently forgot i had lent him money when he was broke and he disappeared . 
  like people do . 
  i was so sad all the time . 
  i thought to myself , `` how could this be happening at 40 ? '', 
  when i was 30 i had a great company , great family , great wife , tons of friends , and i was creative all the time . 
  my company was soaring and when i was 30 we sold it for a lot . 
  i thought i had it all figured out . 
  i thought my `` job '' of growing as a human was all over . 
  that now i can just stop improving my life and just enjoy it . 
  i had no clue . 
  the second i began to think that way began the long , horrible decade of realizing that improvement never stops . 
  stopping improvement is death . 
  there is no goal . 
  there is no final destination . 
  there is only direction . 
  live life by themes and a set of values . 
  a code . 
  19 years after i turned 30 , this is my code :, 
  honesty, 
  creativity, 
  responsibility ( certainty ) , mixed with, 
  mystery ( exploration ), 
  emotional connection . 
  be good to people and love the people close to me . 
  significance . 
  always try to do things that can help people . 
  energy . 
  whether it 's health , or integrity , or spirituality , do the things that will give me energy to do all of the above . 
  money is not on this list . 
  career is not on this list . 
  fame is not on this list . 
  when i was 41 there was a moment when i was day trading and i lost a ton of money . 
  i called my new wife into the room . 
  `` i ca n't take it , '' i said . 
  i do n't like my life . 
  we took a walk . 
  i lived right on the banks of the hudson river . 
  we found a path and a trail and walked along it . 
  eventually we came to this beach through the woods . 
  i emptied my pockets . 
  keys , phones , money , debit cards . 
  i went into the water . 
  i went underwater and just stayed there . 
  floating with all my clothes on . 
  i did n't want to go . 
  the sun was setting . 
  i felt the water become colder . 
  eventually , she called me to come back on shore . 
  i did . 
  the next day i started blogging about my personal issues . 
  about everything i had done wrong in the prior twenty years . 
  particularly what i did wrong in my 30s . 
  did i write about everything ? 
  not yet . 
  but i wrote about many things . 
  losing money . 
  losing friends . 
  losing my feeling that i wanted to live . 
  being depressed for years . 
  even at age 40 , having no sense of where my life was . 
  not even realizing that i needed to find out . 
  i felt i needed money first . 
  i was so scared about money and what people thought about me that i did n't even want to consider what my `` real '' code was . 
  the values that i wanted to live by . 
  i 've been writing every day about my stories since then . 
  and those stories have given me so many opportunities that it changed my life into what it is today and i am so grateful . 
  it turns out that having that code comes first . 
  and then all life is a side effect of that . 
  a code to live by , values to stand by , creativity to fuel my heart 's desires ... this is what goes into a good life .
