  sw version 222.27.5 , it solves stagefright and other bugs . 
  does anyone knows wich ones ? 
  after reboot it still optimizes all the apps . . 
  for the last 2 weeks or so , the gps on my moto x xt1052 with 5.1 is not working . 
  it does not get a lock on any app , gps status does not get a fix , even after leaving it outside for more than 20 minutes with good visibility and between 15 and 20 satellites available ( as reported by the app ) . 
  i tried enabling all the different combinations of location options , wiping the cache , doing a factory reset ... ( edit : tried what / u/thediabolical1 suggested . 
  it worked for one day only ), 
  any suggestions ? 
  is there any legislation regarding the lights on a bicycle have to be `` fixed '' ( as in not blinking ) or they can be blinking ? 
  i persinally prefer blinking lights on streets where there 's enough light to see where i 'm going , i think they are easier to see and estimate the distance for cars . 
  i asked this on https://www.reddit.com/r/belgium/comments/3v4ebe/lights_on_the_bike_blinking_or_not/ and while most of the answers there are from the driver 's point of view , i would liek to know your opinion whether is better to use bliking or ` fixed ' lights when cycling in the dark and with traffic . 
  personally , i think that blinking lights make me stand out more and drivers notice me earlier when commuting . 
  when i 'm on my road bike and is dark , i use a 500 lumen light on front , on fixed mode , and a blinking red light for the back . 
  if the menus of the brasserie were a measurement unit for the national dish , i would say that spaghetti bolognese is a top contender for belgium 's national dish . 
  how come it is so popular ? 
  i get is easy to make and not as expensive as other options , but every brasserie i go they have it on menu . 
  how it became so popular ? 
  is it because of the italian inmigration in the 60s ? 
  after the gps on my smartphone ( moto x 2013 ) has died , and with no plans on buying a new smartphone soon enough , i 'm looking to buy a gps cycling computer . 
  i 'm looking to buy one that provides gps tracking and strava sync , something basic and that is not too expensive . 
  i 've been looking into the garmin edge 25/edge 200 or the cateye stealth evo . 
  any recommendations around the same price and functionalities ? 
  we bought a car some months ago ( seat ) and is time for its first check up , but we 've moved since and now we do n't have any seat dealer nearby . 
  in spain i co u ld take my car to any other garage ( midas , for example ) for the check up without voiding the warranty , is that the case in belgium ? 
  i know you can use ecochecks to buy computers with the eco label . 
  does anyone knows if macbooks have that label ? 
  tomorrow i 'll inscribe my son into one of the 2 schools we like . 
  we have an appointment for the 2nd school later on for information . 
  if we like more the 2nd school , is there any penalty for having inscribed him on the first one and then cancelling ? 
  i know there 's twitter account for that , but trying my luck here . 
  i 'm in etterbek/montgomery and need a ride anytime this evening to liedekerke . 
  yesterday i kind of tied the knot and became wettelijk samewoning with my girl , after more than 10 years of living together , a 20 months old son and a house . 
  now a colleague tells me that i have the right to get 2 vacation days within the next 2 weeks , but since our hr is based in london ( and is not very helpful , to be honest ) i 'm trying to find where can i find that information before asking hr . 
  [ removed ], 
  i 'm kinda new to road cycling , and i joined a club past february . 
  everyone has been really nice and gave me advice on when to shift , how to pedal properly , etc. 
  but last sunday ride one of the guys told me i should cut the `` hairs '' of my tire because it would have more grip on corners . 
  now , this was told in a flemish dialect ( i 'm a spanish guy living in belgium , and although i manage myself in dutch more or less ok , when they use the regional dialect is a bit too much for me ) do i might have misunderstood the tone and thought it was a joke when it actually is solid avice . 
  or viceversa . 
  i 'm starting to build my first kit , and i would appreciate some advice . 
  some background information : i 'm a 42 y.o. 
  guy , only shaves once a week ( my job do n't requires i shave daily , and my beard is not thick ) . 
  i learned how to wet shave from my father back in the days , using a cartridge razor and soft soap . 
  during all this time , i 've done canned foam and the latest cartridge gimmick ( vibrating , puslating , gazillion blades , etc ) , and electric shaving the last years . 
  lately i 've been back on wet shaving ( i have a vie-long brush and currently using a vergulde hand soap and i have a lea soap once that one is done . 
  the razing part i 'm doing currently with some bic disposables ) so basically all i need now is a safety razor and a blade sample . 
  i know how to get a passable lather , getting better each time . 
  i 'm living in belgium , and customs here are very strict , so i 'm looking for advice on european shops . 
  my budget would be around 30-40 $ for the razor and the blades . 
  upon reading similar post , i was thinking on ordering from [ gifts & care ] ( http://www.giftsandcare.com/ ) , [ barbiere di figaro ] ( http://www.barbieredifigaro.nl/ ) , [ messenwinkel ] ( http://www.messenwinkel.eu/ ) or [ solo afeitado ] ( http://www.soloafeitado.com/ ), 
  thanks in advance !, 
  i 've been into cycling for only 2 years , but only got really * into * it for the last months , when i joined a local club . 
  i 'm usually on the b or c group ( 60-70 kms , 22.23 km/h average ) but the last 2 weekends i 've been with the a group , and it hurted . . it hurted so good !, 
  is clear that i 'm not a climber , i 'm 42 and i weight 98 kilos and 1m65 , so no climber body . 
  or sprinter . 
  or rouleur ... 
  but i manage to get by somehow . 
  this past 2 sundays the group had to wait for me on the last 4 climbs , and while i 'm forever grateful for their help , i feel embarrassed that they do , i feel like i 'm stopping them to go full gas . 
  i got lots of pain , cramps on my left calf and left knee tendons , and i could not get out of the saddle due to it . 
  it might be i need better fuel ( more bananas ? ), 
  or a bike fit ( never had one , just the basic at the shop when i bought it and some advice from the club mates to make my saddle slightly higher ) ? 
  anyway , i 'm looking forward to beat this distance on the upcoming weeks , even if it hurts . 
  * edit : [ past sunday ride ] ( http://imgur.com/a/mfdsj ), 
  i currently own a moto x 2013 , and i love the size form factor . 
  i do n't like bigger phones ( i have an iphone 6 for job and is too big for me ) , and i 'm looking for something :, 
  - mid - or hig-end, 
  - similar in size ( moto x is 4.7 '' , looking for something around 5 '' ), 
  - good battery life ( a full day at least ), 
  - good update policy, 
  - stock android if possible, 
  - good camera, 
  - sd port or good internal storage, 
  - modern processor, 
  - waterproofing would be a plus, 
  i 'm in belgium , and i do n't mind ordering online . 
  i use it mostly for web browsing , taking pictures , strava , gps unit in the car , and occasionally , listen to music , podcasts and play some games . 
  my budget is 300-500 $ , but of course , the lower on that range , the better . 
  my sister-in-law does some pottery , and i 'm thiking of asking her for a shaving bowl . 
  i 'm assuming that any bowl-shaped object will work , but is there any specific materials or shapes that are best or not suitable ? 
  she mostly does porcelain , btw . 
  just curious if anyone is going to ieperfest this weekend, 
  first post here . . so hi , everyone . 
  my son just got diagnosed with hypermetropia and astigmatism , he 's is just 2 y.o , and has to wear glasses from now on . 
  i know is nothing to worry about , that pleny of kids wear glasses , but still it hurts me , he is too young and somehow i feel that is my fault for letting him watch the tv too close , or my smartrphone ... and i know that probably that has nothing to do with it . 
  the doctor said that he will have to wear them always and there 's a chance that his eye ( is mostly his left eyes that has astismatism ) will get better and might not need to wear glasses in the future . 
  i guess i jsut wanted to vent out , and maybe see if other daddits had similar experiences . 
  thanks for listening, 
  i need to get some training on crystal reports 2008 , does anyone knows if there 's any academy that provides such trianing in english in brussels ( if possible ) or any other city in belgium ? 
  almost 3 years ago i bought a ridley fenix 7005 ( aluminium with carbon fork ) on the company 's outlet website , is a 2013 model with the same [ specs as found here ] ( http://www.wiggle.co.uk/ridley-fenix-7005-105-special-edition-2013/ ) , probably it was one that was return to ridley from wiggle . 
  it has shimano 105 compact groupset , fulcrum racing 7 wheels , contisport tyres , and 4za finishing kit ( seat , handlebars , brakes , etc ) . 
  i 'm starting to think into upgrading some parts of it , but i 'm not sure where should i start ( wheels?handlebars?brakes?tyres ? 
  ) , or if it makes sense at all to upgrade it . 
  i 'm riding weekly with the club , rain or shine , on hilly terrain ( the pajottenland region in belgium ) . 
  i usually go with the b group but sometimes i can keep up with the a group ... when they have an easy day , 
  i 'm trying to find new scents for my soap and aftershave , specially after shave , my wife hates the smell of the nivea classic balm . 
  i 've seen some us shops that sell such packs , but shipping and custom duties make it too expensive . 
  let 's have some silly fun, 
  i love the size of my moto x 2013 , and i have an iphone 6 too and find it too big for me . 
  what do you recommend that is sized like the moto x or a bit bigger ( smaller than the iphone 6 ) ? 
  that 's my main priority .
