  great , now i have that song stuck in my head ... 
  except the funding has been proven false several times at the courts . 
  back to work after the first real holidays i had in 2 years , too bad it was only one week . 
  i 'm starting a dutch course today , after 3 years of not taking classes , let 's see how bad i do . 
  oh , and a cat pooped on our garden and i stepped on it . 
  great start for a monday . 
  i prefer not to catch your drift on that case ... 
  thanks !, 
  my mistakes are more gramatical and vocabulary than speaking , though . 
  where does she work at ? 
  skateboarding as a transport method is only practical downhill or on flat smooth surfaces , and for short distances . 
  trust me , i 've been skateboarding for the last 30some years . 
  slightly better , but only makes sense if you do n't need to go uphill or on streets with bad or uneven surfaces . 
  also , small stones , some seeds from trees or small sticks can make you stop instantly . 
  and fall . 
  that 's mainly what i 'm doing , except that the up grades around here tend to be short and sometimes a bit too steep or cobbled . . wich is not that bad , though . 
  i do n't think the tyres are too good , so far i only had one puncture , but i 'm not too happy with the grip ( had a fall taking a turn on wet cobbles , but probably that was my fault as i cornered too much ) , and the front derailleur has an habit of rubbing on the chain when on the big ring , i need to take it to my lbs every few months for adjustment . 
  hey ... 
  i did n't said anything about having too much money :d, 
  but i 'll keep the front derailleur and tires in mind . 
  bar tape is still ok , not too worn out yet . 
  thanks !, 
  the roads around here are not that smooth , are n't the one 's too race-y ? 
  the more you know . . 
  but being in belgium now , i do miss my bag of la mexicana 70/30 :(, 
  i know is not the best coffee in the world and probably is an acquired taste ingrained in my memory and it has to do more with nostalgia than anything else , but after moving from madrid ( my hometown ) to belgium , i do miss my bags of [ la mexicana 1890\u00a070/30 ] ( https://www.lamexicana.es/cafes-clasicos/28-cafe-1890-mezcla-suave.html ), 
   i need stuff to dunk in my coffee . 
  i use maria cookies for that, 
   in exchange for special demands . 
  what are those demands ? 
  you know you will have to do something even better for her 31st , right ? 
  and that all your male friends who have gfs and were at the party hate you know , right ? 
   got pwned in chess this weekend , any tips ? 
  i 'm usually fairly ok , but apparently i did n't pay attention, 
  pay more attention, 
  easy . 
  new lingerie , a gift wrap/bow and a `` i 'll do anything '' greeting card . 
  best birthday ever . 
  true . 
  i 've used also prince cookies for the chocolate flavor , or even digestive black chocolate ones . 
  how many seats are on the board ? 
  who says you ca n't ? 
  i agree . 
  [ toma caf\u00e9 ] ( http://www.tomacafe.es/ ) serves really good coffee . 
  the article is a bit old , their place is bigger than when it was written ( back then there was place only to 2 small ( and i mean really small ) tables and few chairs . 
  mao & cathy in malasa\u00f1a are the most famous and has some really good artists , but are also the pricier . 
  i have the garmin 25 , i 'm very happy with it , except that if you pair it with your smartphone for call and sms notifications ( done via bluetooth ) , battery life drecreases a lot . 
  i do weekly rides that take around 4 hours , with heartrate monitor and gps & glonass , and by the time i get home i have around 40-50 % of battery left . 
  not sure if you can sihp to europe , but sent an email, 
  no worries , i totally understand it . 
  i just sent some belgian chocolate to a friend in md and shipping was more than 20 $ ... ugh . . 
  thirded for [ toma caf\u00e9 ] ( http://www.tomacafe.es/ ) . 
  also , check this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/coffee/comments/53gfaf/the_curious_case_of_spanish_coffee_aka_whats/, 
  saw that on sporza past year , really good piece, 
  finally got my new job laptop , feeling a bit more ibm now . 
  downpart , it weights a ton and the keyboard is azerty, 
  yeah , they have order a keyboard replacement , someone from lenovo should come to the office and replace 15 keyboards or so . 
  i had it mapped to qwerty , but some symbols are hit and miss . 
  probably 20 to 30 $ per person, 
  tech lead at a health care data analysis company , recently acquired by big blue . 
  i have muslim coworker , so is not seen as weight , and nobody asked why i do n't drink . 
  https://youtu.be/yzue4_ptok0 supertramp - it 's raining again, 
  bought the wrong length size , is there any way that it be shortened ? 
  the stem loons like is 2 pieces , might be possible is a short valve with an extender ? 
  if you 're from the us , you are probably used to state tax added to the prove you see at the tag , or something like that . 
  there 's no such thing here , what you see is what you pay . 
  that one foot kick, 
  just ordered one , the sihpping to belgium is 49 nok , about 5 to 6 eur, 
  how is the floid balm ? 
  i 'm going back to madrid to visit my family in a few weeks and it will be a good time to do some shopping around, 
  thanks , i do n't like lava on my face , so i 'll pass on the vigoroso then , 
  thanks for the advice on the pickpocketers , i 'm from madrid and preciados/sol is not as bad as las ramblas , but usually they target tourists . 
  as long as you do n't look like one ... 
  is not the cheapest place , but is very convenient when downtown or shopping with the missus , la jefa . 
  i bought my la vie long and lea shaving cream there , the one at sol has a good selection, 
  my wife dislikes the scent of nivea classic balm . 
  as long as it does not smell like that ... 
  say no more . 
  added floyd to my shopping list . 
  we always shop for her stuff first ... 
  i 'm a gentleman . . and i can use those rebates then , 
  [ the bosshoss ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he4nfxikqkk ) did some good covers too, 
  i 've never been more stressed than driving than at slovakia . 
  edit : clarity, 
  a lot of cycle lanes here are right next to the sidewalk . 
  on that video , he is never riding on a pedestrian-only sidewalk, 
  could it be vivaldi ? 
  something about a storm , i think . 
  edit : [ vivaldi - storm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nqaogduifbg ), 
  that 's true , but not all the drivers are like that . 
  i go weekly with my club and a efw times we had van drivers that actively tried to block the bunch or push us to the sidewalk , or doors opening on the cycling path without looking , or cars entering the garage or taking a turn without looking . 
  but that 's a vast minority , 99 % of the rides are uneventful when it comes to cars . 
  that 's one of the resons of the traffic problems in belgium , a lot of people live far from where they work , me included : it takes me about 1 hour to get to work ( bike + train + metro ) . 
  if i go only by bike it would take me aproximately the same time . 
  with belgium traffic , and the route this guy does , is very easy that it takes longer by car than by bike . 
  scherpenheuvel to vilvoorde is the route, 
  i cycle mostly on the pajottenland , and some cycle paths are in bad shape , but i 've never seem any that was so small ... 
  i think bazart and bastille are 2 bands , or maybe one band and their song , and are on repeat on stubru, 
  3rded the finn , much more stronger than you expect , i rode on pav\u00e9 and the phone stayed put . 
  wiggle.com own brand , dhb , is good value for the price .
