  that should be my 2018 proposal, 
  for banking , check [ ing.be ] ( www.ing.be ) , they have good online banking services in english , and while they do n't have many atms of their own , you can use any other atm for free, 
  [ amanece que no es poco ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094641/ ) if you want to understand the sometimes surreal spanish sense of humor, 
  good bot, 
  good bot, 
   atm does n't matter you can use all cards in all atm, 
  yes , but some banks charge you if you use their card in other bank 's atm, 
  commenting to follow up this , i 'm interested too . 
  i have a edwin jagger 89 and i 'm very happy with it , good quality and is durable . 
  made in uk so if there 's any warranty issue , is closer than us . 
  bought it at [ gifts & care ] ( http://www.giftsandcare.com ) , they are from spain so no duties and cheaper shipping . 
  that 's in all cities , not exclusive to brussels . 
  go to a [ kringwinkel store ] ( https://www.dekringwinkel.be/zoeken/index.html ) , buy as many glasses as you want for cents each , and ship them . 
  if some of them break , is not a big loss . 
  is it a second one , or the first one got bigger ? 
  did n't they use this photo for an adsome years later ? 
  alien workshop maybe ? 
  depending on state and model , can be a good bargain :, 
  ( sorry for the it related rant ... ), 
  i 'm working form home the last weeks due to my wife needing to rest due to pregnancy risk . 
  also , at job we 're migrating some servers to a new farm . 
  monday we had a migration . 
  my inmediate manager , based in ny , had a free day . 
  his manager , based in india , was on familiar leave , so there i am , managing our india based team to do the migration . 
  everything went well , as it should be , except the dns did not resolved to the new ip . 
  ping showed that the dns change had been propagated already , but still ... nothing when opening the url . 
  of course , this being a production server for an european client , means it had to work . 
  checking with our network team for port opening , dns redirections , etc , it all showed ok . 
  meanwhile , my wife had to go pick our son , prepare dinner , change him , get him ready to bed . . wihle she should be resting . 
  at the end , i went to sleep around 2 a.m. , only to wake up at 6 a.m. as nothing was solved yet and it was time for a rollback . 
  of course , pointing the dns to the old ip took forever to propagate , and we had the old server back online at 10 a.m. , luckily the client did not notice , or complain . 
  after several emails , calls , conference calls , etc. 
  the network team finds out that the ips that were assigned to the new server where not whitelisted on the firewall and they had to give us new ips because the firewall is configured to only allow ips up to xxx.xxx.xxx .126 ( and our ip range started on .126 , that was already used , and monday was .127 time ... ), 
  next go at migration is tomorrow , and we got the new ips and everything is tested ... 
  i hope i do n't have to rant on friday . 
  frack !, 
  you are not alone ... 
  `` the man in the high castle '' at the moment , hoping they publish soon a new `` the expanse '' series book , i binge readed the whole series and i need more , more i tell ya !, 
  this makes me be so confident in them when it comes to deal with our personal data / s, 
   i did n't get the second mail not even in my spamfolder . 
  neither did i, 
  i discovered thanks to the tv show , but the books are amazing, 
  i do n't have any app like it , and still have the issue, 
  care to share the link ? 
  is not a flash mob if the area is closed for everyone else . 
  nonetheless , cool swan lake, 
  the vintage desk lamp ? 
  nah , i do n't have anything like tasker or iftt . 
  i had in previous phoens but not on this . 
  i ` me learning to live with this . 
  on telenet or proximus ( i think ) you can get viceland : https://www.viceland.com/be/ and the schedule : https://www.vice.nu/digital/tv_schedule_bel/, 
  so a trilogy then ? 
  lord of the rainbows ? 
  i 'm looking for a cycling club or group ride in or around gent , that dos n't mind to have a newbie that probably is too old , too fat and too slow . 
  i 've googled it , but those i find look too pro for me and not sure what to expeect if i approach them . 
  i would like to know what are the legal benefits ( taxes , job , insurances , etc ) of being married over being legally living together . 
  my girl and i are registered as legally living together ( samewoning ) for about a year now , we have a 8 month son . 
  we were living together back in madrid for 10 years , but without `` legal '' registration . 
  getting married is not on the top of our things to do , it will not change the way we feel about eachother , but it might make sense if the benefits are greater than the ones of being samewoningen , so any information is appreciated !, 
  what are your experiences with belgium customs when ordering products from china ? 
  i 'm looking to order a few speare parts to upgrade my old ipod and give it a second youth , but unsure if customs will stop the envelopes, 
  tell me why, 
  why , oh why ? 
  i read it at this article of [ flanders news ] ( http://www.flanderstoday.eu/business/proposal-uber-replace-belbus-flanders ) , is that true ? 
  even on remote locations in the middle of nowhere ? 
  if that 's right , i think is great !, 
  too bad it seems they want to scrap that . 
  i 'm new to the joy of road cycling , my other bike is a 1x8 communter ( orbea carpe h50 ) , so i never had this problem . 
  my chain rubs the front derailleur when on the 2 highest gears . 
  is a shimano 105 group , and the bike is quite new , not even 300 kms in total , so i 'm not sure if is due to cable stretching ( it has some kind of barrel adjuster before the cable gets inside the frame ) or i should fiddle with the small screws on the derailleur . 
  i 'm not afraid to get my hands dirty , but i want to know what to do before i screw it up . 
  some pictures ( i know , i know , the bike is dirty , i need to clean it after every ride , but sometimes there 's no time for it . . ), 
  we need to buy a new car , and i was thinking to buy a km0 model from cardoen , we do n't have much free time to go and look around different car dealers , so is mostly for convenience and price on km0 models . 
  does anyone has any experience with them ? 
  are there any other multi-brand car dealers in belgium ( around gent , if possible ) ? 
  for me , coming from madrid , belgium has a bit of unpredictable weather ( and specially gent , where i live ), 
  what 's the most reliable weather app/site for you ? 
  i 've been using yahoo weather app in the past ( data from weather.com , i believe ) and i was happy with its predictions most of the time . 
  i 've switched to weather timeline ( with data provided by forecast.io ) and i find it a bit more accurate that weather.com , but i would like to know your opinion , as probably you have more experience/time in belgium that me ( been living here little over a year ), 
  fellow redditors ,, 
  me and my so are buying a house in liedekerke ( i know , i know . . why there ? 
  because is close to her job in aalst and mine in brussels and it 's a good price , among other things ), 
  now , we 're dealing with the banks , and this is different that what i was used to back in spain . 
  it seems that you can negotiate the interet rate for the hypotheek , is that right ? 
  in that case , what would be a good interest rate for 25 years ? 
  do you guys recommend ( or despise ) any bank in particular ? 
  i 'm going to ride my first [ cyclo event ] ( https://vvc.proximuscyclingchallenge.be/ ) this saturday , and i 'm not sure what to expect , is not a competitive one , at least i will not take it that way . 
  is 60 km , this might not seem much to most of you , but for me it will be my biggest ride ever , and i 'm kinda worried . 
  due to life getting in the way , i could n't ride much in preparation , max i 've rode has been 50 kms , and it was some weeks ago , last rides have been 30-40 kms , so i 'm afraid i 'll have a hard time , luckily the route is pretty flat , as almost all the terrain around ghent is . 
  there will be at least a food and drink station during the route with fruits and water , are there any fruits that i should give preference when refueling ? 
  should i take it easy or try to join a group that runs a similar pace ? 
  for the last 3 days all the channels on my telenet digital tv get pixelated to the point that us not possible to watch them anymore . 
  for me it looks like a streaming problem , but i 'm not a specialist , might be the digibox too , but yesterday night netflix streams were of a really low quality ( we use the ps3 for netflix ), 
  i have a good job offer on a healthcare company in brussels , the contract specifies that i work 38 hours per week . 
  on an email from the hr director ( she is based in london ) , i was told that i should work from 9 to 5 with an unpaid 40 minutes break for lunch . 
  somehow , the numbers do n't add up for me ( or most probably , i do n't know how that 's calculated in belgium ) :, 
  with that schedule , i 'd work 7h20m every day , but multiplying that by 5 days a week , it does not make 38 hours , according to my calculation i 'd have to work 7h36m daily to make the 38 hours . . 
  am i missing something ? 
  is the lunch break time calculated into the daily work hours ? 
  just got it this morning , unlocked french version .
