  indecision - just like heaven , not sure if there 's a video of it, 
  it takes two to . 
  pour orange juice instead of milk on my coffee, 
  is that the equivalent to our vias verdes ? 
  i know , it 's a pity with all the disused train tracks that there are . 
  i 've made some vias verdes , ( longest one i 've done was from ripoll to sant feliu ) and while most of them lack the infrastructure you can find in france or belgium , the surroundings were spectacular . 
  is not that i miss them , compared to what i have around me now , but yeah , somehow las hecho de menos, 
  try [ sardonis ] ( https://www.facebook.com/sardonisklusjes/ ) he did some work at my house and was very professional, 
  any of the big 4 are good , just compare online for pricing and what is included . 
  i have experiences with all of them , and i decided based on price and kms included basically, 
  i used to work for fon.com , a wireless sharing company . 
  there 's a map with the location of the hotspots , and the users could place themselves their hotspot on the location of their choosing ( this was to allow a more accurate positioning than what google maps offered back then ) . 
  well , someone in japan placed the hotspot on the imperial palace gardens , and we received an serious , kinda angry , official notification to remove it . 
  i do n't think nintendo will place any pokemon around the royal palace . 
  ciclos otero , in calle segovia , or calmera in calle atocha . 
  if is very specific , ask the people behind enbicipormadrid.com , they will surely know where, 
  right, 
  too many pok\u00e9mon on the mont ventoux , and so much people trying to catch them, 
  hold the power button for 10 seconds or so should restart your phone, 
  all the bosses from my division are in the office , having some kind of innovation week meetings . 
  my direct boss is based in ny and is changing our 4 pm call to 4:30 or 5 pm at the very last moment . 
  but hey , at least i have ac and we got free icecreams !, 
  this warm nights remind me of the summer nights in madrid , my hometown , i ca n't complain , 
  i would not call it a take over per se ... 
  ^ ^ ^ you mean liar , 
  there were a belgium vegan sxe band called liar , part of the h8000 scene ( congress , kindred , spirit of youth , etc. 
  ) , they are still one of my favorite bands , i thought you were referring to them . 
  well , that makes another band for me to check out !, 
  early 80s we had wendy 's in spain , but by mid-late 80s they were gone, 
  they 've been offering free tap water for the last 4 years or so . 
  and free bottles to refill also , but they usually run out of them quickly . 
  doing that , would n't the coffee just stick on the wet parts ( walls and base ) ? 
  as a spaniard living in belgium , i 'd join !, 
  i 'm curious now , i will have to try it , but knowing myself , i will probably end with coffee all over the counter . . 
  that would be great !, 
  i will not use my moka pot until the weekend , so there 's enough time , 
  so that puts rombouts out of the scene then, 
  24 hours `` get some awesome recipes ! '', 
  jumping the update wagon , that looks delicious !, 
  from left to right :, 
  - lacon ( pork ) with piment\u00f3n ( powdered paprika ), 
  - tortilla de patatas w / salsa brava ( spicy ), 
  - patatas bravas , with very few salsa brava, 
  - croquetas , probably with some jam\u00f3n or cocido . 
   just take a look at germany . 
  no speed limits but still less deaths due to speeding than anywhere else in europe counted per capital percent . 
  it was lately on news , not even 3 days ago . 
  i think that 's due more to the air ambulance system they have than to the number of accidents . 
  i ca n't find the source , but i remember reading an article on a spanish magazine about how it is mandatory that an air ambulance reaches the site of a major car accident within 30 minutes or less . 
  contact gift & care , they are always been very responsive when i had any issue or question . 
  for long exposure shots , puerta de alcala or the fenix building opposite of puerta de alcala and cibeles, 
  late evening , as the sun is setting on the west, 
  we visited several and all were full , people applying for several places , etc. 
  we found out they were opening one from partena at the ghelamco arena and secured a spot there . 
  do n't do they require to pay some amount when applying for a spot , to avoid that a kid take several spots ? 
  for us it was also a bit far , we were living choose to the train station , bit it was the first place we got confirmation , and also the one we looked the most too . 
  and you 're right about the advance , that 's how it is, 
  i 'm no from valencia , but if is like the majority of cafes or bars in spain , the owners are the ones that work there and choose their opening hours according to their experience and what is good for them . 
  might be they make enough money opening half a day , or during the rest of the year , and they prefer to spend the evening on the beach than behind the counter . 
  me , but only saturday . 
  work and family duties get in the way sometimes, 
  * edit : funny , just asked the same at / r/belgium, 
  i 'm only going saturday this time , long gone is the time i could spend the whole weekend and more there . . ironic that now that i live here i have less free time to attend . . 
  i prefer terror over dn anytime , they are not my favorite bands , but few frontmans like scott !, 
  depends how long it was your last time , you might find that it had some changes, 
  full respect to the shit workers , specially those on kitchen duty . 
  each time i eat better and better there, 
  do i go and ask for / u/eye _ rean of reddit , and or shall i use another name ? 
  then expect a hello from an old spanish dude !, 
  and the food too . 
  omnium is not a sport , is a mix of different types of track cycling events , kinda like hetpatlon or pentatlon, 
  i 'm not from valencia , but i 've been there several times at different times of the year , is hot from may to september , then it hey colder , but not freezing . 
  he will want to wear long pants then , and probably a jacket later on . 
  check casa de campo . 
  big park with lots of bikers , and also monte del pardo . 
  i should watch it , probably i will recognize some names, 
  an english article about it , but very few information , sadly : [ politico ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/flanders-flemish-government-donated-hundreds-of-thousands-to-hillary-clinton-foundation-us-elections-2016-report/ ), 
  mobib card . 
  you can use it for brussels metro , tram and bus , and i think the villo bikes too . 
  and also you can add train if needed . 
  probably you have a student discount , check the stib site ( on mobile , ca n't paste links , sorry ), 
  and not even at midnight, 
  every 3-5 yeatrs from manufacturing date , or from the date you took it out of the shop and started to use it/get exposed to the elements ? 
  just a quick resume of the interview : he did skate for 3-4 years before getting blind ( he is 18 ) , he has a rare disease and about a year ago and lost vision on both eyes . 
  after a while he got back ont he board , and had to relearn almost everything , lost all balance . 
  now he uses his guide stick and help of his friends to know where the curb and stairs are . 
  * edit : grammar . 
  i can see my house from here !, 
  ( not really , but i can distinguish the cluster made by liedekerke/denderleeuw where i live ), 
  i would love that , tbh . 
  taking as example the trial they 've done in sweden it even boost productivity . 
  hell , it would increase my productivity at least !, 
  i loved that style of map , so easy to move around in madrid with it , knowing where you had to step out depending where you were going and if it a transfer was worthwhile or not ... 
  if i just could choose the day that i have conference call after conference call . . is not like i can do anything productive those days beside starting the calls or be a listener on most of them . . 
  that was the perfect map for me , had it on my wall for many years back in the late 80s-early 90s . 
  my preference goes for metro maps that resemble the actual location of the stations , it does not have to be with the street map , but that at least you can realize if is better to go out in plaza de espa\u00f1a and walk to gran via with san bernardo or make the transbordo to noviciado . . 
   luster, 
  i guess that has to be dialect . . what 's that means ? 
  thanks !, 
  not my style , i 'm more minimalist , but now i wonder how big and how many candles would such lamp would need to be seen from space ...
