  better start training then !, 
  * cues `` eye of the tiger '' *, 
  that check in area at nuevos ministerios metro station was closed down years ago , i think it only wored for 4-5 years , not many people used it and it was only for iberia . 
  they closed it down in 2006 . 
  after gathering dust for years , they are going to make a gym in there . 
  have you tried asking in / r/peloton ? 
  my advice : go to la redoute with hours in advance . 
  it will be cold and it might snow , be prepared . 
  i 've only been in the us 3 times . 
  i liked chipotle 's although it was not as good as other mexican place my colleagues took me on a later trip . 
  i got better burritos in madrid , they are not so popular in belgium and there 's only a few places, 
  straight from the source : http://redhotchilipeppers.com/, 
  my wife was trying to explain that expression yesterday to me, 
  do you have many questions / problems with the proximus@fon? 
  glad to hear that . 
  worked at fon in madrid for 7 years , always curious to see how it is going . 
  i have an older model , also 105 , bought directly from ridely outlet , i love it , but i 'm jealous of your color scheme, 
  have you tried http://forum.xda-developers.com/moto-x/development/rom-cyanogenmod-13-moto-x-t3313427 ? 
  it seems it has the same bugs , but it does not need to do a full flash for updating, 
  what rom are you using ? 
  thanks . 
  if i have a show day at job i 'll give it a try, 
  we 're going to change our 60-70 m2 this summer . 
  isolation , new tiles , 2 velux , break down 2 chimneys , etc. 
  around 20.000 $, 
  wiggle 's own brand , dhb , have some woman specific ones , with straps that do n't interfere with your breasts . 
  not sure about the pad , though . 
  yes , there are 2 spiders in the picture . 
  i did n't saw them when i checked the tree previously or when i took the picture . 
  thanks , i 'll check for that today when i get home . 
  i checked , have n't seen any mites , i think the tree is safe for now, 
  https://youtu.be/kocu9ynnsem shirt video showing the worms, 
  thanks.it took me 4 times to realize what we 're you saying about shirts ... i need some coffee . . 
  [ the tree is tall ] ( https://imgur.com/a/twts2 ) but i 'm not sure if the neighbours would like to see some fireshow , or if is even allowed . 
  thanks !, 
  did you ordered the basic , standard or premium ? 
  last order i placed from the us the customs took a big bite , so i try to avoid that if i can . 
  also i alerady have 2 soaps and 2 brushses ... but i guess you ca n't never have too many , right ? 
  thanks , i knew about the bananas , and i usually eat only one or one and a half . 
  what are those lev strechets ? 
  i ride clipless , btw . 
  the group stopped for me the last 2 rides , and i get to them they continue riding , but most of the time we do a coffee stop or , if is a cyclo event , at a feeding station , so it would be good to know what strecths can i do . 
   you can never have enough soap , just too small bathroom cabinets . 
  that 's exactly my problem ... :d, 
  thanks a lot !!, 
  i 'll be sure to do some next ride, 
  i 'm on the same boat as you , but being at the brussels office probably makes it different from the us , we still have n't got our meeting with ibm heads, 
  thanks  is one of the shops i put on my post as one of the ones i 'm thinking to order from , 
  that 's one of the things i 'm going to order for sure . 
  2-3 blade brands or sample packs ? 
  thanks for the advice !, 
  i do n't start the climb on the lowest gear , what i do is to use the 2nd or 3rd lower gear and change up or down as needed during the climb , but sooner or later i fall into the lowest gear and keep pushing ... 
  i know i should get off the saddle on the beggining of the climbs , but the last 2 rides i had cramps on my left calf whenever i go out of the saddle :(, 
  i still use my moto x 2013 ( xt1052 ) with octos marshmallow firmware , but the gps stopped working months ago and i ca n't recover it , and the back cover is broke on the sides , and i 'm thinking on switching to a sony z5 compact , or maybe wait for the next nexus in case they release something that is not huge . 
  for me , the size of the moto x 2013 is the right one for me . 
  is it a philips senseo ? 
  did a quick search , maybe you can try :, 
  all those nollies almost got him , but he 's a beast . 
  for what i remember , madrid bombings used a timer , that 's why not all of them exploded on atocha station at the same time ) but i might be wrong ), 
  i 'm ok with the eod teams using inhibitors . 
  it is normal in spain , car remotes cease to work when there 's an official car of some minister , or close to police headquarters or ministry offices . 
  i should have specified that the size of the iphone 6 is what make it too big for me, 
  thanks . 
  the z5c is my main candidate , but i was wondering if there might be others that i 'm unaware of and that might fit what i 'm looking for . 
  if not all , most of it . 
  i have it in mind , but today oneplus ceo said that they will not continue making it , and that makes me worry about future upgrades, 
  solved, 
  i recommend marina ventura http://marinaventura.es/ they are downtown , you can walk there from your hotel . 
  they have a good variety of paellas and generous portions . 
  @uefa_es pone enlaces a algunos partidos en streaming, 
  as long as your guys do n't do as spain did ... 
  yep, 
  if there 's a government change this sunday in spain , there 's a big chance there will be no veto . 
  they need to change pounds to euros , and i think they have to pass a passport control , as uk is not part of schengen, 
  it seems it already does : http://ibm.co/28nfghq, 
  liar , congress , kindred ... mostly all the h8000 bands, 
  i 'm 42 , and been on several jobs with social activities , both on and off office . 
  when they offered alcohol drinks , i always said that i do n't drink . 
  and when asked why , always said `` just because '' . 
  never felt that i was left behind or anything like that . 
  my advice , get some juice of coke next time and just say that you do n't drink or do n't feel like it . 
  when i lived in gent i used to take the scheldepad along the schelde river direction oudenaarde . 
  flat as a pancake , wide , and cars are not allowed there . 
  you might cross the infamous schelede peloton , try to follow them if you can ... 
  if that 's too far , most any river/channel has a tow path next to it that is closed to traffic . 
  i 'm living now in liedekerke , and with the club we go around the pajottenland , is hilly but not insane degrees as in the vlaamse ardennen . 
  there 's the http://www.bianchitrofee.be/ evens on this region almost every sunday , well organized , 3 different routes , and routes with not much traffic , i think you would enjoy them . 
  saw him on affligemsestraat turning to muilenstraat less than 2 months ago , he still drove the same car . 
  park in peace , eugene . 
  r/belgium is quite active , and sometimes it has something gent related . 
  vtm is currently airing the first season again , to build momentum for the second one probably . 
  catched some minutes of it yesteryear , i think it is episode one or two . 
  my bet is that it will run until the first week of september and they will air a double episode of the last one of season one and first of experience of season two . 
  i 'm looking forward to it , it helped me to improve my dutch : klotzak !, 
  the art of spain , with andrew graham dixon . 
  4 episodes , i think , about spain art history , very well explained and covering most of the eras . 
  spain on the road again , with gwineth pawtrol , mostly about food, 
  also about food , made in spain , with chef jos\u00e9 andr\u00e9s, 
  mercikes !, 
  i read that as `` belgian netherlands '',
