check on 1st8 www .1 st8be in lammerstraat 12or curb skateshop in nederkouter 51, 
  i use it . 
  you need to be connected to wifi , so it is very dependant of the connection quality . 
  keep in mind that it uses the same tariff as your land line , so if you call to other european country , you should do it on off-peak time to call for free . 
  for me , it has good voice quality if the network connection is ok . 
  if is not so good , you will get echo , delays and disconnections , as with any other voip, 
  thanks !!, 
  i 've checked robocyclio fb page , i 'll send them an email . 
  for what i understood , they never let anyone ride alone on their rides . 
  you 'll get a pm anytime soon !, 
  my first road bike ridley fenix , i think is a 2013 model . 
  shimano 105 , fulcrum racing 7 / continental ultrasport , look keo pedals , 4za everything else . 
  all stock . 
  bought it at ridley 's outlet in belgium past june , have n't ridden it much because my son was born a month later ( i 'm not complaining . . well , a bit ) . 
  i moved to gent a year ago ( originally from madrid , spain ) and thought i would get into the national sport to try to get to know people and have a good time . . well , i hope now that my son demands slightly less attention i can go out every week or so and do more than 50 kms per exit . 
  i commuted by bike in madrid and also did some touring with my other bike , orbea carpe , but never had a road bike ... aah , the joys of not being able to unclip when stopping !, 
  leave train was delayed even more ... 
  yesterday i saw a plate that was 9 - xxx-xxx , i 've seen others starting with other numbers than 1 . 
  my wife does not know what it might be . . 
  update on the spanish rt site http://actualidad.rt.com/actualidad/170024-estrellarse-avion-sur-francia, 
  german wings flight between barcelona - dusseldorf , crashed on the alps area in the haute provenze region . 
  142 passengers , 6 crew members, 
  plane crashed close to the barcelonette town in france . 
  plane took off with 26 minutes delay . 
  ( edited to add passenger and crew , and more info ), 
  there were license plates for bikes long time ago , at least until early 80s , i 've bought some in the krijngwinkel in aalst . 
  a small piece of metal , light yellow , with the name of the city and a number in red , similar to this ones : [ old bike license plates ] ( http://img1.kapaza.be/desktop_images/59/5961922613.jpg ), 
  ( edit : image added ), 
  my dutch is so-so , but my girl is flemish , so thank you !, 
  thanks !, 
  i do n't plan to buy any counterfeit , just a generic battery replacement and ssd adaptor for upgrading my ipod , it should be less than 22 $ so i guess i 'll be safe . 
  the ssd drive i 'll probably buy it in amazon uk , maybe a bit more pricey but no customs and no counterfeit, 
  thanks , will try that if the final order is over 22 $, 
  by amazon you mean amazon us , right ? 
  i 'm in gent , was watching the race within the comfort and safety of my home and still the rain and wind outside my window was kind of scary . . much respect for all those who went on the bike that day ( and previous and days after , the storm is still upon us , albeit with less strength ), 
  thanks , added to my bookmarks , is a really useful tool !, 
  not in a hurry for this project , but thanks for the concern . 
  i had previous ordes to dx that were right before the chinese new year . . when the order arrived i had forgot about it . . 
  you can visit his house in madrid : http://www.casamuseoratonperez.es/, 
  yahoo weather, 
   i would recommend in stores to just speak english ( this goes for flanders , i would love to comment on wallonia but my experience there is limited ) because trying to speak the language makes you sound like a ` dumb immigrant ' as opposed to a tourist . 
  my experience , as a `` dumb immigrant '' , is that speaking ( or trying to speak ) dutch helps me more on the day to day stuff than speaking english . 
  i only speak english when i ca n't express myself good enough in dutch , and only after the other person agrees that i do so . 
  sporza shows the whole race this sunday, 
  once upon a time , downtown abbey . . plus all the other ones they 've added . 
  i 'm not sure if netflix has battlestar galactica . . if they do , watch it !, 
  there 's an adult store at the mall in western , next to the cross of n9 and n42 . 
  they have it there for sure . 
  something for us expats ? 
  well , did you needed help ? 
  prove them wrong, 
  there 's some apps for that . 
  2 that come to my mind now are, 
  ] ( http://www.thebikefit.com/ ) and, 
  [ size my bike ] ( http://www.sizemybike.com/ ), 
  also , have a look at [ competitive cyclist online tool ] ( http://www.competitivecyclist.com/store/catalog/fitcalculatorbike.jsp ) and [ / r/bikefit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/bikefit ), 
  torture . 
  ca n't fix the typo ... 
  i work at the european hq of an american company , doing remote technical support for our customers , and before i signed the contract i was informed of the dressing code ( business casual ) . 
  after working several years at a startup in madrid , where i could wear whatever i wanted , i hate dressing up for job , but i see that other coworkers do n't mind the code so much and dress more casually . 
  i mostly sport a shaved head and week long beard , never had a problem or bad look , but ymmv, 
  i had to ask for advice and google for what is appropiate before heading to the shops . 
  if not , probably i would have bought ( and wear ) something not appropiate for sure ... but god , how i miss wearing sneakers and jeans and tshirts to job : /, 
  it happens something similar with the night mode to me . 
  it never goes back from silent , i need to press the volume up button to get it to vibrate or sound . 
  shit i feel old . . 
  i propose `` longtram is long '', 
  let 's critize kids those days , their fads and music , and tell them to get off our lawn !, 
  cycling , skateboarding , photography . . 
  thanks !, 
  so i guess that for the tension i need to turn the barrel on the cable , and the upper limit screw is one of the small crews , right ? 
  she can write a novel and you can proof read it , it 's a win-win !, 
  now all you have to do is proofread it !, 
  is 10 gears , it definitely looks like the fd-5700 , but thanks for the warning !, 
  will do , thanks !, 
  thanks !, 
  i will check that today or tomorrow before going out . 
  sadly , going back to where i purchase is not as easy as it should be , my working hours are very similar to theirs , and they are not exactly close to my house, 
  thanks a lot for such detailed explanation !, 
  i will try your suggestions today or tomorrow , before sunday ride for sure !, 
  as espa\u00f1ol living here , i always bring back some good olive oil virgen extra , pipas , kikos , or a full jam\u00f3n ( you can bring the jam\u00f3n as hand luggage ), 
  jam\u00f3n and olive oil you van find here , but expensive , less quality , and usually italian . 
  you can bring sobrasada or fuet , or some other `` regional '' embutidos . 
  piment\u00f3n , fabes or judiones too , but not very useful without the av\u00edo . 
  i sent traaaaaaaaaam , but i think the band of the great sandworm from dune would be appropriate, 
  but of course !, 
  i do n't risk it being tossed around and hitted if checked in, 
  plus , the look in people 's faces is priceless , and i go on board with what can be used as a club if needed, 
  solved . 
  thanks !, 
  i bought a www.getfinn.com mount , is just a silicon strap , but i cycled over some serious belgian cobbles and my moto x did not moved at all . 
  i was impressed . 
  did you used the official popcorn time version or any of the forks ? 
  i know some of the forks are not so trustable, 
  being from madrid , spain , and now living in gent , belgium : i feel your pain , bro . 
  i miss hills and mountains , flanders is mostly flat . 
  my father wanted to buy one when they first came out . 
  it reminded him of the cars of his youth ... 
  thanks !, 
  had no idea they were imported cars .
