  lower than the dining / living room . 
  what would be the best location for the nest protect ? 
  at the kitchen ? 
  at the living room ? 
  at the arch between the kitchen and living room ( lower height that both the kitchen roof and living room roof ? 
  thanks !, 
  not sure if your username is relevant for this comment ... \u00ac \u00ac, 
  thanks . 
  the r is more or less where the lamp is . 
  sleeping areas are upstairs . 
  one thing i did not draw is that there 's a small archway between the kitchen and the living room , about 10 cms deep , i think the smoke would not flow freely if there 's a fire in the kitchen, 
  ... they never cease to amaze me, 
   everyone of their cs reps is only trained to answer a bunch of scripted questions they expect you to ask . 
  as someone who has worked on cs with hp , that 's right . 
  that 's right , it was my first job when i came to belgium, 
  there 's an english translation on their facebook https://www.facebook.com/wolfdownhc/ ( ca n't link to the direct post , on mobile , sorry ), 
  ts for vodafone spain , i was there on 2014 for a few months before i moved to something better and closer . 
  i think they took the service to czechia shortly after i left ( not related ), 
  after living here a few years , it still surprises me that people need to plan to meet long time in advance . 
  trying to meet anyone out of the blue , like `` hey , do we meet up tomorrow ? 
  '' , is plain out impossible . 
  sometimes you need to plan it with months in advance . 
  maybe is because i 'm a spaniard and we 're more easy going when it comes to meet up . 
  way better than the hipster badge, 
  role playing, 
  is less than 2 hits drive from ghent or brugge , if you have a car i would go there , making a stop to see ypres ( ieper ), 
  feels like home, 
  you know nothing , / u/espirationn, 
  i mainly carry co2 canisters , i do n't want to have to stop and pump for 10 minutes or more when it rains or is freezing cold . 
  now in summer , i take them with me too because why not . 
  in my case wifi turns off autmatically , i have to turn it on again . 
  i 've lived in smaller studios ... 
  is it worth it ? 
  i do n't know the brand but it seems good for the price, 
  yeah , but most of those are us only . 
  hard to find something in that pricerange ( yesterday was for 170 $ on black ) in europe, 
  i 'm not sure if that 's one of the ads i 've seen on 2dehands lately when looking for a conmuter , or a very , very similar one . 
  i almost bought one like that . 
  this :, 
  but i have n't had to use it yet , so i ca n't comment on it . 
  mine was not a kot , but a 20 to 25 m2 studio , with bathroom , kitchen , and multiroom with a small bed , a small sofa , a desk with the computer and a small tv and table , all cramped . 
  and a small window where the sun never shined through in more than a year i lived there . 
  i would have gone to cyclo if i had the time , at the end i 'm waiting for this http://www.wiggle.com/eastway-single-speed-black-54cm-stock-bike-1/ to arrive to be my n +1 brussels commuter, 
  wait ... you can turn them off !, 
  would n't you be coming to ieperfest by the way ? 
  is n't it in october ? 
  maybe we 're talking about a different brakfest then ... https://www.facebook.com/brakfestlokeren/, 
  then is at the lokerse feesten , lots of party besides the shows , enjoy it !, 
  good bot, 
  mine ( vl . 
  brabant too ) had barely any apples yet , maybe is the variety , but i do n't know what kind of apple it is , it was already here when we bought the house, 
  you have strava , but is aimed more at cycling , running and swimming . 
  i would use endomondo , it has settings for trekking , so you might want to use that . 
  unless what you want to use is to share your location real time . 
  then you would need a premium account on strava , probably on endomondo too . 
  strava or it did n't happen !, 
  no , that 's a dangerous thing to post online . 
  with a picture of the front and back of your credit card is enough . 
  yeah , you can . 
  you can keep it private by default and only share what you want , be it on strava itself , facebook , etc. 
  it has not banned them . 
  it has ban them of riding on pedestrian areas and sidewalks . 
  they should ride on the pavement or the bike lane . 
  yep , that 's right . 
  english is not my language and i always confuse those 2 words, 
  funny that my jobs filtering mark it as malicious website . 
  they are not wrong . 
  security risk blocked for your protection, 
  reason :, 
  this websense category is filtered : malicious web sites . 
  sites in this category may pose a security threat to network resources or private information , and are blocked by your organization . 
  url :, 
  what do you mean with set them up right ? 
  centered , obviously , and parallel to the ground ? 
  or is there other better way ? 
  i never had a problem with any amazon purchase , at . com , . es , . de , . fr , . co.uk, 
  i do n't buy much at the german sure because you can only pay work credit card , i wish i could use debit card too as in all the other sites . 
  there is a great browser extension for price comparison , i do n't remember the name , but is done by a belgian guy and it has lots of belgian shops and all the amazon ones . 
  as a spanjard , avoid ordering paella ( or any other food ) at any bar where there is a paellador sign, 
  i do n't know if i should feel angry that you do ' t even want to try a good paella , or relieved because you will not eat the atrocities they try to pass as paella to the tourists ... 
  i do n't like seafood neither , that 's why my paellas are always either with vegetables only , or with some chicken and rabbit, 
  no , that 's only for eggs mostly produced in belgian farms , spanish farms are free from it so far . 
  you woul dhave to look for [ paella mixta ] ( http://www.recetapaellavalenciana.com/paella-mixta/receta-paella-mixta.jpg ) or [ paella de pollo y conejo ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-hiuamn8gaii/vxpy4pmqqyi/aaaaaaabmns/dbqdpkzluswxemrwpxyxn4z0ngpssblmwclcb/s1600/paella%2bvalenciana%2b7.jpg ) or [ paella de verduras ] ( http://www.comarcarural.com/valencia/recetario/arroces_secos/imagenes/paelladeverduras.jpg ), 
  it happened before , it will happen again, 
  the first line on donny barley 's ee3 part https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=enyxlkq44xs, 
  they are from santa cruz , u think they have always been based there, 
  talk shit , get shot, 
  i like it , it would have help me lots when i was looking for a club to join in liedekerke . 
  but saying that a club that does 100 kms rides is ideal for getting i to cycling ... 
  the one i 'm in has 3 groups , the c group usually rides 30-40 kms only at a leisure ride , but this is a small town and the c group is mostly women or men that are very out of shape , but at least they ride !, 
  i started road cycling when i moved to belgium about 3 years ago , but the first year i did n't rode much , i joined the club year and a half and went from barely being able to do 50 kms to do 80 easily . 
  i know i can do 100 if the rhythm is not too high ( one of the times i went with the a group i booked at 90 kms , the pajottenland hills took their toll , and the 305m/h average too ) . 
  doing a century was one of my goals this year ( the other one was riding up de muur , that one is checked out ) , but it will have to wait , need to take care of my wife, 
  hold my mouse , brb , need to fly to japan and find someone with a long tele lens so i look badass while going up the bridge, 
  thanks , that 's exactly our situation , cm is giving answers that are not so clear , so all we can do is wait . 
  i find it so unfair that women with complications during pregnancy , such as you or my wife , have a shorter post-natal leave . . not only for them but also for the baby . 
  if at least the leave for fathers were as long as for mothers . . 
  thanks !, 
  we did n't had this issue with the first one , seems the second wants to come a bit too soon . 
  cm does not answer on a clear way , and despite my wife being flemish , the way cm or that site writes it up does not help to clarify it .
