  and then the output is stronger relationships , stronger possibilities , more certainty , more creativity , and eventually success . 
  every year is hard . 
  life is hard . 
  no year is easy . 
  no business is easy . 
  no relationship is easy . 
  this past year is one of my hardest ever in relationships and in business . 
  but i 'm more creative than ever . 
  and i live by my code described above . 
  so now things get solved faster than when i was 40 . 
  faster than when i was 30 . 
  faster than when i was 20 . 
  a child laughs on average ... 300 times a day . 
  an adult on average ... 5 times a day . 
  i 'm up to about 50 times a day . 
  maybe more . 
  every day we have about 10,000 choices to make . 
  small and big . 
  my goal each day is that more and more of my choices are made because i want them . 
  not because someone else wants me to make those choices . 
  that is how i laugh more . 
  that 's how i enjoy more . 
  that 's how 40 was just a starting point for me . 
  that 's why even today is a starting point for me . 
  i am so looking forward to the rest of my day . 
  i 'm going to do a podcast with one of my heroes and i 'm scared to death of it . 
  then i 'm going to read to prepare for more podcasts . 
  then tonight i 'm going to try standup comedy and i am terrified . 
  i 've been going over my jokes all morning . 
  the other day a friend of mine , a great artist and photographer , passed away in his sleep . 
  i 've known him for 22 years and we worked together for three of those in some of the most creative years of my life . 
  he was younger than me , but had aids and maybe his death was related to that . 
  i remember when we worked together on a project . 
  he took a beautiful photo of a transvestite prostitute working in the meat packing district . 
  he captured her sadness , her despair at her life situation , the lights barely highlighting her surgical beauty , her shadow looming large behind her . 
  he is dead . 
  i am still alive . 
  brother 's keeper, 
  no , the speedsuit onesie , is more aero, 
  i like it , is almost a year old , and there were any issues with it . 
  this model has a drum brake for the back wheel and the lever is easy to grab and pull ( although my son still do n't get why he would ever need to brake ... ) . 
  a good safety feature is that the handlebar turns when there 's a fall , so it ca n't hit the kid ( hard to explain . . but think that the handlebar turns to be parallel to the ground instead of vertical . 
  of course , you need to put it back in position again , but it can be done without any tools , just holding the wheel and turning the handlebar ), 
  i think it was 50 $ more or less , much cheaper than other brands we saw and the quality is good . 
  but it has a tiger decal . 
  all kids love tigers , so that gives the b'twin a pass . 
  and he will be crushing them on the cobbles in a few years time , so that 's ok anyway . 
  he 's on his way , right now he 's fearless on the descents , the bike has a back drumbrake but he do n't understand why would he ever need to brake . . 
  me too , but i do n't find them on my size :(, 
  something like `` clase '' in spanish , i guess ? 
  good idea !!!, 
  but we 're in belgium , there 's a bigger change we will recreate it with a proper road bike , 
  hasselt skatepark , right ? 
  the only time i 've been at that park it was so full that i went away . 
  i regret it . 
  cycle for the glorious taste . 
  and free exercise as bonus . 
  best of luck !, 
  think on how much liquid apple pie your body will be able to take thanks to all the extra exercise !, 
  so , you are the banner ? 
  i just want to congratulate snmb for not being able to show all the delays on their app or on the station panels , while google maps can . 
  ** slow clap **, 
  but now guilt-free !, 
  truly a christmas miracle ... https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder484/500x/43973484/buddy-the-elf-its-a-christmas-miracle.jpg, 
  thanks !, 
  unfortunetaly , they are over my budget for a backpack, 
  i 'm glad i do n't deal with that . 
  but yesterday i spent a few hours checking servers that were patched during the weekend to ensure that the apps were working as they should ... 
  i 'm going for this one , ticks all the right boxes, 
  on iphone , tap the 3 dots on the upper right corner , and then the `` banner '' icon, 
  on android , the banner is next to the 3 dots on the upper right corner, 
  what is a navy shower ? 
  i thought it was showering while singing village people, 
   named as a navy shower since sailors at sea only have a limited supply of fresh water . 
  til, 
  i 've done almost 50km/h on a downhill cobbled section , i do n't think i 've been more scared going down ever , even when going faater, 
  oh , i will repeat , that 's for sure . 
  i know i 'll never get even close to 65km/h as some pros do ( damm those flemish and their cobbles ) but it was fun, 
  is not that long , the cobbles are maybe 200-300 meters :, 
  i could have my groin up without touching the saddle , and if i can , i 'm sure everyone can, 
  the one in cuatro caminos . 
  you 'll be downtown in less than 30 minutes . 
  but but but ... we 're moving to the ibm offices in a week !, 
  like we 're going to be even able to go there for lunch ... 
  might be bakelite instead of plastic , i found a similar thread [ here ] ( https://www.badgerandblade.com/forum/threads/gillette-razor-id-wwii-bakelite.326724/ ), 
  yes , is one of the first plastics, 
  two things to see in that area if you are into early 20th century architecture is nuevos ministerios and the former hospital de maudes . 
  my guess is wind direction , or maybe some runway reserved for some head honchos that did n't left yesterday, 
   aalst, 
  what is there to see besides the carnival and the grote markt ? 
  we have something similar in spain : marca espa\u00f1a, 
  yeah , we 've seen the cats in our garden , and i had cats before , so i recognize the presents . . 
  i would doubt a fox or a dog can enter in our garden as all the link fences are in good state , without holes or spaces near the ground, 
  i 'm afraid that , at least one of the cats is a feral cat :(, 
  and the sprays would n't be too effective on a big garden , i was thinking maybe some plants or ultrasounds or something : /, 
  that sounds good , but something about den haag and some treaties comes to mind ... 
  how many of those would you think it would be necessary ? 
  our kid is a fast runner , should i be worried ? 
  my wife is allergic :( if now we would already have a cat of our own that would defend its territory against intruders, 
  but i have really nice neighbours ...
