  if we just were able to be in the garden 24/7 ... 
  i might try that . 
  that sounds like it might be a bit expensive ... but it also sounds like a technical challenge , that 's interesting . . 
  a supersoaker can be really fun . . 
  i like that approach, 
  my wife likes the citroengras idea . 
  one more plant for her to take care of !, 
  i wanted to try the first approach , but she said something about neighbors , act like an adult , and things like that ... 
  warm weather ? 
  i would say is kinda luke warm , is not proper hot weather yet . 
  i hope not , i ca n't stand notes, 
  this guy is from my hometown , madrid , and living in london for over a year . 
  he was cycling back after a session when the attack happened . 
  he used his skateboard to defend a woman who was on the ground and has been missing since . 
  slim chance anyone here has any news about it , as this sub is us mostly , but what the hell . . 
  although i speak dutch at a medium level , it has never been required at any of my jobs , but they were all for multinational companies working with international customers and projects , so all the documentation and communications was in english . 
  actually some recruiters/hr/managers were surprised i spoke dutch . 
  they know about rap music , is just that they do n't bring rap acts to that fest . 
  but ieperfest is a hardcore festival , not a metal festival . 
  although the music might sound similar sometimes . 
  family has confirmed it, 
  is n't it true ? 
  of course if you take any youth crew band it does not sound metal at all , but you ca n't deny thrash , black or death metal has influenced a lot of bands , from agnostic front to undying to arkangel or any h8000 bamd, 
  check alex at www.trecetattoo.com in malaga , you can see some of his works here http://instagram.com/alextrecetattoo, 
  yeah ... 
  some people in spain think that maybe the cops shoot him by mistake and that 's why it has took this long . . 
  200mb since the beginning of the month in my casa you , i always use it with wifi, 
  is milk that hard to clean off ? 
  i know contigo say on their site that you can put milk in their thermos . 
  other option i 've looked is the stanley classic one hand , the cap is fully disassembled, 
  damm ... so there are no good options for me then ... either get some bacteria related problems , or give up my caf\u00e9 con leche ... tough decision, 
  my mistake . 
  i thought that your previous comment applied also to those caps that come appart . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll look into those thermos then, 
  if you have a car , you should check out the one in [ dilbeek ] ( https://www.google.be/maps/place/pc.+dilbeek/@50.8496096,4.2569518,545m/data=!3m2!1e3!4b1!4m8!1m2!10m1!1e2!3m4!1s0x47c3c6d563a63965:0x1c7eb53ef81f34d1!8m2!3d50.8496062!4d4.2591405 ) or the [ bhyrr indoor ] ( https://www.facebook.com/byrrrhandskate/ ), 
  do n't they have proper dumbbells at the gym ? 
  some waffle or a muffin or coffee at the train station . 
  other days i go skateboarding or cycling , and everyday playing with my son . 
  nothing can compare . 
  enjoy a true heatwave, 
  well , i can be classified into the it sector , and i listen to some metal , but i 'm a hardcore kid through and through , and i love also some classic hip hop and country, 
   start wearing shoes, 
  do n't you mean stop wearing shoes ? 
  slam that stem, 
  my friends opened recently http://matasuegras.es/, 
  if is if any consolation , that happens to me quite often . 
  every sunday club ride i try to keep with the group on the hilly parts and i 'm passed by a guy that rides an hybrid with mudguards , or other guy that had a stroke and is right arm is limp ... 
  those belgians know how to ride . 
  they drink it s\u00ed center they are toddlers . 
  must be something in the air , my wife is belgian , our son was born here , and he 's not even 3 and he is a fearless speed demon on the balance bike . 
  i 'm scared of the moment we give him a proper bike with pedals ... 
  i-m not strong neither skilled ... started doing road cycling when i moved here 3 years ago , and joined a club a year ago , more or less . 
  but for some of my clubmates bunnyhopping is second nature , even going over 30 or 40 km/h and without any warning . 
  ( i can do it , if i 'm not too fast and i have plenty of time to prepare ) . 
  but with the state of the roads here ( the pajottenland & dender area ) i need to step up my game or i 'll be buying new rims pretty soon ... 
  now that i think about it , never saw anyone around here doing track stands , everyone unclips, 
  i was in a similar situation as you a year and a half ago . 
  my club would gladly accept you , but we-re at the other side of vlaams brabant ... 
  i would check [ vwb ] ( www.vwb.be ) , the felmish federation of cyclo-tourism and look for a club in kessel-lo or leuven , you want to look for a wtc club ( wieler tourisme club , those are road cycling ) . 
  also , ask at your local bike shop , probably they can give you contacts or know a group that is less organized than a club . 
  check also the events section of the vwb , there are a lot of organized rides , not competitive , by my experience they are well organized by local clubs and help to know the local roads . 
  i regulary do the bianchi trofee events , but they are on the dender and pajottenland areas . 
  feel free to contact me if you have any questions . 
  also , / r/cycling and / r/bicycling have their share of belgian redditors, 
  probably tourist revenue , i think the taxes are set federally , so all flanders is taxed the same , but might be local taxes , like property taxes , etc. 
  oostende is nice , but flat , i like a bit of hills myself , i like to suffer a bit . 
  we only do flat rides along the river during the winter months , is a different kind of suffering for me , i 'm not used to this weather , coming from madrid , spain . 
  but now , when there 's what here they call heatwave ( anything north of 30c ) is my time to shine  until they throw some cobbles in the mix ... 
  i kinda like the cobbles ... 
  i learned the hard way that you should not lean too much when there 's a 90 degree turn and is raining , but they can be fun . 
  you should try to ride the flemish ardennes some time , or any other area off the coast where toucan enjoy some variety , a few hills and nice picturesque back roads and concrete farm tracks . 
  belgium os not that big , you can take a train and within one hour , if they are on time , be in oudenaarde for example, 
  for a second i thought you were posting a picture of my moka pot in my kitchen , but after a second look , our backpanel is different . 
  i receive alerts like that from the kmi weather app ( ios/android ) and weather online ( android ), 
  you can use facebook lite , it has messenger in the app , unlike the standard facebook app, 
  yesterday it took me 2h30 minutes to get home from work instead of 1h thanks to the delays and cancellations of nmbs and a meeting lasted longer than expected . 
  today my second train has 20 minutes delay already ... 
  i better grab some water bottles before leaving job this evening ... 
  used to work at fon customer support , this post bring memories, 
  it was good , worked there for 7 years , since they were a small startup that growed up , had to fire more than half of the employees and started to grow up again . 
  had good colleagues and some that stab you in the back , as with every other company , but overall was a good experience . 
  now , about technology ... they moved from being very open source and community driven to a closed , business driven company and it went well according to their results , but they left some older customers behind , like the first foneras that were very easy to hack . 
  it was not officially supported but it was seen as ok . 
  never understood the need for special diaper trash cans and bags . 
  we always throwed ours directly to the trash can , and when is a number 2 we wrap it on newspaper paper , i do n't know why but it takes the smell away, 
   who has newspapers just lying around anymore ? 
  the mailman brings all the ad leaflets once a week , and besides the supermakert , car dealers , etc , there 's 2 free local newspapers that are basically ads , that 's what we use . 
  this is in flanders , belgium , so ymmv, 
  a good terrorist is a dead terrorist . 
  but what makes me rant today is that the head ups at some department at my job have dec\u00eddete stop the shuttle bus between diegem train station and our office . 
  this will make my conmute longer , having to take either a tram or bus in brussels . 
  thinking of buying a shitty bike to leave at central or north station , which is better to park the bike overnight ? 
  you mean southern europe ? 
  there 's no station closer to my job ( close to nato ) , closest one means i still have to take a bus/tram or walk a while, 
  well , i guess not all bikes all the time ... right ? 
  maybe ... but i take my son to school in the bike trolley and park them at my town train station . 
  i do n't see myself pulling the trolley with a folding bike . 
  and i plan to spend not that much on this n +1 , tbh, 
  well , is a way of justifying it . . using my current road bike to take my son to school with the fietscar , and using the hybrid to get it stolen in brussels ... hmmm ...
