  by the picture it seems that the key is not fully inserted in the lock . 
  i have the same model , and if the key is not fully inserted , it only makes half a turn . 
  try to push the key a bit more deeper . 
  i think it depends on the show , but the bat majority of what i watch have dutch and english subs, 
  my gf said the same also, 
  the contract only specifies 38 hours per week , it does not specify the hours . 
  i 've replied to the hr director 's email , but after her response is still not clear to me , i 'm not sure if she 's not aware of belgium legislation or if i was making the calculations wrong ... 
  thanks for the advice , i will end up doing that , but first wanted to gather some more information . 
  i have n't started working there yet , but contract is already signed ( start date is mid october ) , but only an english version , not sure if i should have a dutch or french version, 
  on the last interview in brussels ( and the only interview in person , everything else were over the phone ) i was told it would be 40 hours/week and flexible hours , but it might be he or his team do that . 
  i will report to my manager that is located in ny . 
  and on top of that , i have the recruitment agency from london calling every 2 days to see if all goes ok . . never been in this situation , i 've been told what would be my hours in every job i 've done , and is not that this is my first or second job ... 
  it 's a us company , but contract is with the belgium branch , located in brussels, 
  it 's a bad habit i have , to know what is expected from me so i can exceed it , as i 've done in previous positions . 
  but mostly i need to know if i 'm able to leave and pick up my son at the cr\u00e8che or i need to find someone who can . 
  i know that well , i 've been living in gent for over a year , and worked in diegem , took the train always except some weeks when my girl was close to give birth that i took the car , and hated it . 
  this position is well communicated by metro and i can take the train in gent . 
  we 're moving to liedekerke in a month , and i 'll stick with the train . 
  as of no as the delay is not too big , we will manage it . 
  took the car for the last interview and took me 2 hours to drive back to gent , was stuck in the tunnels for more than one hour . . traffic is one of the reasons i do n't want a company car and always ask for train pass instead . 
  after living i gent for more than a year , we get to go to the gent zesdaagse !, 
  my girl and i have never been in such an event , but luckily we go with her father , that as a good flandrien , knows a thing or two about it , and will share his knowledge with us . 
  i 'm so looking forward to it !, 
  yes , but i rarely get one . . 
  they did n't saw you because your lights were not on, 
  some of the bandges are impossible for me , like the climbing ones . . 
  i live in gent , so no mountains at all around here . 
  either i travel just to climb some mountain passes , or i do 1000 repeats of the local `` hills '' . 
  i do n't care for them that much to do that , obviously . 
  is it recommended to run kodi from the same hdd as i have some local movies ( that i intend to view using kodi ) ? 
  mine is now 9 % of battery drain for inactive radio , it seems it has improved , but let 's wait and see after a few days . . 
  he is ( i hope he is still alive ) a spanish guy that dissapeared in antwerpen in 2013 after being mugged , their parents try to raise awareness and find any clue with those posters and the website http://www.hodei-missing.com/, 
  is more about distribution rights , even if they are their series , they might have signed a deal with other international tv channels or hope to do so . 
  geoblocking still sucks anyway, 
  i could n't find a separate usage calculation on the userzone at telenet.be , the telemeter shows the data including the wifree spots . 
  however , there 's a small section at the end that shows what has been consumed on the wifree spots :, 
  so yes , it is included in the total usage . 
  but i would not worry , whoppa has no download limits ( or if it has , i never even got close to them ), 
  i guess is the belgian sense of fashion , i find it dull and if you stand out , i have the impression they like to play hammer and nail with you , although not literally but passive-aggresively, 
  you left out the best part , where they tell her that the station she is locked in does not exist, 
  it is * # * # 4636 # * # *, 
  how do you uninstall the google play services updates ? 
  that button is greyed out on the app details, 
  mobile vikings , i was been very happy with them , excellent customer service , and the new tariffs seem to be quite competitive, 
  thanks !, 
  will try it as soon as i can get hold of the apk, 
  amazon.de usually has good prices on electronics , and you can have the site in english . 
  i also use a price comparation add on on my browser , sometimes is cheaper at amazon uk or france or spain . 
  can and must . 
  eu citizens can vote once they are registered in the commune ( i think ), 
  [ i 'm too old for this shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3pinbkk.png ), 
  2 weeks into my new job . 
  organizationalwise is a bit of a chaos ( manager in us/india , hr in the uk , etc ) but local colleagues are nice and the atmosphere is relaxed . 
  somehow i was expecting the opposite , but i 'm not complaining :-), 
  you know they will kick your ass anyway and say things about your atheism mother , right ? 
  i do n't play cod so much , i like bf3 better ... but i hate playing with kids with mics on my team , especially when they start to sing, 
  there 's 2 starbucks in gent , one in gent sint pieters station and the other in korenmarkt, 
  no idea , my guess would be they are some managing or team leading positions . 
  you should check the outsourced tv show , it covers that area pretty well . 
  wrong thread , i think, 
  if you ~ ~ wish ~ ~ rant hard enough, 
  i have an unlocked european model xt1052 , i 've been unable to find a root method so far, 
  check base or vikings, 
  i 've been on a similar situation ( i 'm from spain , gf is from belgium ) . 
  i think your salary is a bit too low . 
  my first job was 1800 after taxes , worked on a call center , but had a better one in less than 3 months . 
  if you can , do n't stop looking for a better job . 
  learning dutch is better , not only for jobs ( although i never had to use dutch at any of my 3 jobs here so far ) but with day to day relations . 
  when the locals see that you ca n't understand them , or that they ca n't understand you , they will try english , at least in my experience . 
  or a slower and louder version of dutch . . , 
  gent is a great city , lots of expats here . 
  there 's a facebook groep , expats in gent , you can ask for any information there . 
  i know there 's people in that group that are self employees as translators , maybe your girl can ask them for information . 
  also the city government have some information in english and is translating all their website and information into english . 
  they host meetings with expats twice a year , i believe . 
  if your job is not too far , you should consider biking instead of taking the bus , you will save money and time . 
  for food , the usual : lidl , aldi , or colruyt/okay . 
  try sunday markets for fruit/veggies . 
  2000 might be a bit tight , but it can be possible . 
  for a while we were going by with bit more 2000 and a newborn , and our apartment was almost 900 euro . 
  what other benefits do you have from your job ? 
  meal vouchers , transport subsidy ( or if yo bike , do they pay you per km ? 
  ) , hospitalization insurance ( imho , really important to have it and if possible that it covers your partner ) , life insurance or pension plan ? 
  [ you ca n't get more iconic than this ] ( http://static0.hln.be/static/photo/2013/15/9/14/20130710103324/media_xll_5976104.jpg ), 
  3 : i 've been to the mie katoen restaurant , right after taking the affligem exit on the e40 . 
  good belgian food , and if any of them is into cycling , it has lots of cycling memorabilia . 
  if you go to brussels , you should take them to see the winterpret decoration and markets . 
  winter market in gent is not that bad , at least past year , but it ca n't compare to brussels in that . 
  lots of classic christmas food shops in both of them . 
  bol.com or amazon.de or . fr, 
  amazon.de can be set to be in english instead of german . 
  i 've been taking coffee + milk since i can remember ... 
  i take it mostly at home , make it in my moka pot ( oroley , a spanish brand , not bialetti ) , and i try to get ground coffee from either mokabon or de draak in gent . 
  now that i 've moved to liedekerke , i need to find a nearby coffee store that has good grounds . 
  i try to avoid supermarket coffee as it is grinded for electric machines , not for moka pots . 
  that 's exactly what we are doing until the tech comes today ( i hope ), 
  excuse the bad quality of the photos , my smartphone is not very good at that task , and since it was my first track event , i wanted to pay attention to the cycling more than to composition or timing . . 
  most of the pics are frmo the first hour , so ' t kuipke was not that full . 
  that changed later on , and by the time we left ( 23:30 , had to drive back home and wake up at 06:00 today ) it was almost full and some people were already dancing macarena in the center area , 
  i was there yesterday , security was not that threatening ( had been through harder screenings at some night clubs in madrid ) : 2-3 cops at the main entrance , and a pat search by a security guy .
