only thing to bear in mind with italy , they lost * every * game last year except for their game against scotland , who in turn did n't win a single game . 
  it can be fun and all supporting an underdog , but sometimes you also do n't want to see them lose every single game , 
  assuming isidewith.com is accurate , more than any of the democrats , but less than almost every other republican . 
  saying that , any news we get of america here is going to have a massive left-wing slant on it at worst , and a slight left-wing tilt at best - i never thought from what i read in the media i 'd agree with the republicans at all , but according to sites like that is actually be pretty similar ( 88 % ) despite what the media would claim . 
  as a welshy , i 'm terrified of the welsh government having any more power than they do, 
  my favourite place in europe has to be zell am see !, 
  mountains around it are beautiful , has a huge lake in the middle of the valley , and is n't far from tonnes of other places - schmittenhohe , grossglockner , kaprun , etc. 
  also has a rail station in it , which goes at least as far as salzburg . 
  if someone attacked your heart it might be . 
  has to be austria , i love the mountains , the food , the landscape , everything . 
  if i only spoke german i 'd move there in an instant . 
  you can pick essentially any country and britain and there will have been a war between them . 
  argentina tried that with the falklands , did n't end so well . 
  i never knew how distinctive british houses were , but this picture looks so comfortingly familiar in some weird way . 
  hands down . 
  ( although i 'm quite partial to austrian food and would n't turn down tiroler gr\u00f6stl or apfelstrudel ), 
  can confirm , am british . 
  not that i do n't want to speak other languages , i just find them very difficult to learn , 12 years of learning welsh did n't teach me anything , and i 've had no more luck trying to learn german/french - if anyone has any suggestions i 'd love to here !, 
  when i was going round the university open days , bath 's * most * expensive halls were # 150 , these were on-suites , never slept in before , pretty huge , etc. 
  in imperial , they showed us ` average ' accommodation , # 130 a week , shared room , no on-suite , no space for cupboards . 
  the cost of accommodation in london is just extra-ordinary . 
  whilst a minority , 100,000,000 is a very very significant amount . 
  seriously if you ca n't understand that i question how much you actually care about individual people as opposed to your own overarching agenda . 
  more than 20 % of people in wales speak welsh - does n't mean they can ` speak ' welsh . 
  besides , more than half of the people is still a significant number of people who ca n't . 
  being conservative and saying just 20 % do n't speak english - that 's a whole 100,000,000 people who ca n't speak english . 
  i 'd hardly describe that as a minority . 
  besides , who would ban ukip ? 
  it would alienate so many people . 
  voters from all parties voted for ukip - if the conservatives banned ukip that 's a bunch of voters they 'll never win back making it easier for labour to get in . 
  if labour got into power and banned ukip , that 's a bunch of voters they 'd never get back , making the tories more likely to get into power next time . 
  besides , people would just move to no2eu , britain first , or any other of the multiple anti-eu parties . 
  you also completely ignored my point about how you 'd be ignoring the democratic will of the people by banning any parties that disagree with you . 
  so you 're giving parties banned from a non-existant country in the immediate postwar period as proof that banning parties for their views is acceptable ? 
  regardless , there 's a difference between banning extreme groups and ordinary political parties . 
  banning ukip would be counter productive anyway - the vote count of more extreme parties such as the bnp would increase dramatically . 
  plus ukip had 4.3 m voters in the uk during the european election - that 's one out of every ten people eligible to vote , and the biggest party in that election . 
  banning that shows a complete disregard for democracy whether you agree with it or not . 
  given that it was a typical village in brittany and the only english speakers i met in the village had immigrated from wales , then yes , i think the anecdote is a useful one . 
  knowing us brits you may as well stick a * by everything else too . 
  no really sources sorry , but you can see historical graphs for the value of the different currencies . 
  * [ pound ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y ) * [ euro ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=eur&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y ), 
  i 'm fairly pro-federalisation , but i think first the eu needs to be completely revamped . 
  as it is now ( at least to a brit ) , it does n't feel particularly democratic . 
  when i vote in the british general election you know exactly how the system works , whereas you do n't get the same thing with the european election . 
  heck , the bnp had seats in europe not long ago , what did they even do there ? 
  i was in france a few years back staying over a friends . 
  literally no one spoke english there . 
  granted it was rural brittany , and things would be very different in paris or any other city , it 's certainly not true that most europeans speak english . 
  it 's just ` just a tunnel ' you can drive through , you have to actually catch a train across the channel ... 
  in case you did n't notice there was a recession in between during which the euro also fell by a similar percentage to the pound . 
  the value of euro is fluctuating much more than the pound traditionally anyway , and not so long ago then people were wondering whether the entire eurozone would collapse . 
  the thing is , to these parents there is credible evidence for creationism as well ( and evidence for evolution can be explained quite easily whilst staying in their mindset ) . 
  and obviously they have sunday school to educate their children in , but i think it 's fair enough that we allow parents to send their child to a school sharing their beliefs if they want to . 
  if having your tax money not spent on pseudo science is so important , why are n't there more people complaining about homeopathy being on the nhs ? 
  but given i 've seen people become very successful in life ( i 'd consider going to oxford and being a solicitor relatively successful ) whilst holding these beliefs , i fail to see what harm it actually does to a person holding these beliefs ? 
  it takes away their ability to send them to a school that passes it on , instead having to send their child to a school teaching only views conflicting to their own . 
  i know i 'll be downvoted for this , and although i do n't believe in creationism myself , is it really that bad to let academies/free schools teach pupils it ? 
  as long as evolutionism is taught alongside it , a parent should know what they 're getting into when not sending their child to a normal state school , and in my opinion to ability to allow parents to pass their beliefs onto their children like this is a basic right . 
  ( honestly , i 'm not sure quite how harmful it is for someone to hold these beliefs anyway - i know a successful solicitor who graduated from oxford holding these beliefs and he ranks amongst the most intelligent people i know ) . 
  yup !, 
  you 're forgetting austria !, 
  shame there 's no pro-federal parties to vote for . 
  fair enough !, 
  interesting that you could n't give me any other modern french artists in popular culture however . 
  considering that abba , swedish house mafia , avicii and minecraft are all pretty big deals , then yea , it 's not that bad . 
  david guetta is the only french cultural export i can name off the top of my head , whereas those four things all came off the top of my head for sweden . 
  http://www.ft.com/cms/s/2/55f7bdf6-40c4-11e3-ae19-00144feabdc0.html music . 
  sweden exports more music per capita than any other country in the world , abba , swedish house mafia , avicii , etc. 
  minecraft also came from sweden , and that was recently purchased for $ 2 billion . 
  in fact , i 'd suggest that the majority of the western world knows about minecraft , so that 's clearly not irrelevant . 
  sweden is one of only three countries that exports more culture than it imports - that 's not particular irrelevant . 
  i dunno much about ireland , but i guess it 's also because you have true fluent welsh speakers throughout the country , despite living in one of the most english parts of the country , i have relatives who are fluent , grandparents brought up primarily in welsh , train with guys who are fluent , and if you go to any big schools event for anything ( such as sport ) you can bet there 'll be people only talking to each other in welsh . 
  but again , ireland could be the same . 
  the w map also misses out that in wales is pronounced as a vowel most of the time . 
  nah then majority do n't speak welsh , but we mostly all have a basic understanding of the language , given hat we have to learn it till age 16 and everything is officially bilingual ( so leaflets , signs and stuff ) . 
  dude , even as a welsh guy who gets easily pissed at being called english , in the context of that entire comment ( which did n't even feel particularly condescending to me ) , i would n't even care about that - much less to ignore an entire argument over an unintentional slight . 
  but i mean , that 's 6am sunrise - including daylight savings . 
  there 's a difference imo between the ` right ' timezone , and the ideal one . 
  the sun rising at 6am is earlier than ( most ) people wake up , and the extra hour in the evening would be much more widely used . 
  ^ ( ( it was a valid question guys , do n't down vote questions ! \\ ) ), 
  i 've always felt britain should be an hour forward , but doing that would involve admitting the french were right , and for natural reasons we ca n't do that . 
  that would involve me taking pride in england , which is incompatible with being welsh , france which is incompatible with being british and ireland which is incompatible with being from the uk . 
  probably easiest to not take pride in such a pointless thing . 
  i 'm still waiting for us to get around to liberating the south of spain . 
  and let 's be honest , is it really possible to use 1tb of mobile data in a month anyway ? 
  on exactly the same plan as you , 4gb of tethering is * very * nice too - especially considering my old contract was 100mb data limit full stop !, 
  cornish and manx have both undergone revivals recently . 
  sure , they might not have many speakers , but the number of speakers they both have is rising . 
  i 'd be amazed if it 's even that high a % . 
  not all religious people have leaders . 
  india has well over 1000 languages , britain alone has 5 native languages still spoken ( 7 across the isles ) . 
  regardless , calling afghanistan and iraq the same country is totally ridiculous . 
  i think it 's definitely got better . 
  when i was a child my parents often would n't let me go to watch some of the games - in the terraces or seated areas . 
  they never have the same issues with my cousins going to any of the games now . 
  mostly stamped out * . 
  even in a cardiff match , who were the family club of the year at the time , i occasionally heard racist yells at the players from fans who were n't ejected ( and still attend their games ) . 
  a bunch of fans were sent to prison recently after fights at a chelsea match too . 
  i mean , i 'm not hooligan , but i 'm also a cardiff fan .
