  more likely they 'll legislate that private well owners must have as stringent testing procedures and quality assurance as the big water companies . 
  with the appropriate testing schedules and documentation requirements . 
  not making illegal per se . 
  just impossible to operate legally . 
  this is how they ( eu ) are ruining small businesses of various sectors . 
  a dragon coup ? 
  yes it is . 
  and yes , it susceptible to us ` justice ' system . 
  they refused to debate the issue . 
  which is what the headline states . 
  what they agreed to was an interview though late . 
  why should these conflicts be handled by bombing ? 
  did n't go myself . 
  nor did anyone in my immediate family . 
  but saw some people going when i was going to the cemetery to light some candles . 
  scary ... 
  many roma integrate into society . 
  you just do n't hear about them . 
  they live like ordinary people . 
  making love in a canoe . 
  an imaginary menagerie manager manages an imaginary menagerie . 
  israel is way ahead of us . 
  they already have their concentration camps . 
  they are banning collective bargaining agreements in perpetuity ? 
  wtf ? 
  what is this ? 
  a fascist takeover ? 
  there 's a lot of that going around these days . 
  it is seriously looking more and more like a buildup towards a large scale international conflict . 
  there are legitimate reasons for both subsidies and duties . 
  when they are used as economic weapons like the west does constantly is what should be changed . 
  small countries should be able to protect their small markets from the behemoth corporations . 
  on the subsidy side they should only be used for essential production . 
  not propping up agribusiness . 
  which would n't be a problem if the poorer countries were allowed to defend themselves with import duties and other regulations . 
  i just had that yesterday for lunch . 
  so good . 
  definitely not . 
  us foreign policy . 
  health care . 
  income inequality . 
  prison industry . 
  food . 
  religiosity . 
  politics . 
  corruption . 
  i do n't understand why people say parisians are arrogant . 
  when i visited the people were polite , even in the metro . 
  everyone kept saying pardon . 
  here in finland in addition to being the workers ' day it 's also day of the students . 
  here the first year students are getting wet in tampere right now . 
  a paywalled article with several commercials on the page ? 
  no thanks . 
  wow , finland is in a lousy state . 
  up there with lithuania and the rest . 
  while this is true , the commission is representing the parliament in these negotiations . 
  which in turn is representing the people of the european union . 
  the commission is acting more like an entirely independent actor here . 
  one that has failed to position itself in a fair negotiating position . 
  one that does not seem to care for the people that it is supposedly representing . 
  the legitimacy of this process is highly suspect . 
  edit : do not simply downvote if you disagree with a comment . 
  while i understand hiding it from the public to a certain extent . 
  i do not understand hiding it from legislators . 
  they have legitimate claim to accessing all of the draft documents during negotiations . 
  yet they are prevented from researching the implications while multinational corporations have unfettered access . 
  these are unbalanced bargaining positions if i 've ever seen them . 
  they are the ones giving input to the negotiatiors . 
  they must be able to influence the negotiations . 
  they must be able to give guidance . 
  and they ca n't do that if they ca n't even make notes about it . 
  but this whole charade is about bypassing the democratic process . 
  implanting american fascism in europe and around the world . 
  and i do not use the term fascism lightly here . 
  corporations are running wild over there . 
  and they want to remove all barriers for exploitation . 
  europe and the world must say no . 
  i find it amazing that china has managed to do so much with so little . 
  relatively speaking . 
  allow them to use the washing machine , but make them do all the work . 
  pretty quickly they 'll find it 's easier to do the washing at their own place . 
  and us at the head of nato is n't ?!? 
  there 's plenty of blame to go around . 
  if one party is at fault does n't mean the other is not . 
  i 'm actually glad they 've managed somehow to make it a proxy conflict in ukraine and syria , because the alternative is too horrible to imagine . 
  the targets being either the rulers or the purged . 
  in the former case it is used as an excuse for harsher actions . 
  and in the latter case it is swept under the rug until the former case happens . 
  a wolf has n't killed people in a long time . 
  so to use that as an excuse to cull them is bullshit . 
  these figures can only be backed by focusing on a specific segment of the arms trade . 
  i do n't know enough about british weapons manufacturing to hazard a guess . 
  but this a tried and true technique used by advertisers and bullshit artists alike . 
  do n't forget to preheat the pot . 
  saudis are buying guns , tear gas and other weapons like there 's no tomorrow . 
  and indeed there might not be for the ruling elite . 
  this , to me , is an indication that the saudi oil fields are not as healthy as they would like you to believe . 
  i might have had some hygienic purpose in ancient times but certainly not in any modern setting . 
  and i doubt even in ancient unhygienic setting . 
  they would survive .
