  there 's always going to be someone who will believe anything . 
  but their effect on society would be greatly diminished . 
  this type of comment is why i come to the comments first . 
  instead of the click-baity article . 
  thank you / u/mrhotpain for clarifying the situation . 
  this reminds me of a scene in brazil . 
  there 's an explosion and people carry on normally . 
  here in tampere there was a kebab shop that was closed by health inspectors when a customer got an std in her throat . 
  true story . 
  christmas peace declaration is an old tradition in turku , finland . 
  since at least 1300s . 
  it is broadcast on finnish tv and radio . 
  there are plenty of people there . 
  to prevent terrorists from driving a truck through the packed crowd they blocked off the street leading to the place with army trucks . 
  do n't forget about those german dr oetker abominations . 
  if it makes you feel better the little snow we have is probably going to melt by the end of the week . 
  if it secures them the gold/uranium of mali , sure they will . 
  nah , just bible thumping zealots . 
  and yes , saying that there are no errors in the bible makes you a zealot, 
  also general interest in having sex and children has declined during the same period . 
  japan is facing a population crisis as the number of children falls . 
  rye bread is eaten by most northern countries of europe . 
  we should call it the great northern breadren . 
  post-partum depression is also a terrible thing . 
  and happens more often than people think . 
   we 're all lying sacks of shit ftfy, 
  i went back and checked the previous status of palestine . 
  it was a `` non-member entity '' . 
  so you are correct . 
  it is a de facto recognition of statehood . 
  what most people seem to forget is that this is only for observer status in the un . 
  it is not full fledged membership . 
  which imho they should have gotten in 1967 . 
  i 'd like to hear this as well . 
  so mods , how about it ? 
  cencorship has no place here or anywhere else . 
  google translation of the [ article ] ( http://translate.google.com/translate?hl=en&amp;sl=no&amp;tl=en&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.hegnar.no%2fkvinner%2farticle706457.ece ), 
  the problem is that the families most likely to have arranged marriages are the ones most likely to force their children to marry according to their wishes . 
  even to the point of death ( by suicide or otherwise ) . 
  also pressure from parents is not an easy thing to set aside . 
  especially in cultures where the respect for parents is strong . 
  in those cases it is rather difficult to say whether the person marrying is accepting arranged marriage of his/her own free will . 
  funny how the ability of young citizens of uk to communicate with other europeans in english is worse than that of sweden , netherlands , ireland and denmark . 
  yay , most of the finnish translations are below 30 % . 
  this does not invalidate my position that eu commission can not be completely trusted to provide unbiased information . 
  some of the information from the eu commission has been downright misleading . 
  especially with regard to acta and copyright issues . 
  they routinely disregarded any perspective other than the one provided by the lobbyists for the copyright industry . 
  i do n't think that these biases can be dismissed as mere power bias and differences of opinions . 
  they actively sought to suppress the voice of the citizens in favour of monied interests . 
  just about anything related to copyright and/or acta by the eu commission . 
  i would n't trust eu commission for hard hitting analysis either . 
  the thing is you can not force people to make peace . 
  it has not worked in somalia , afghanistan , libya or anywhere else it has been tried . 
  the only way to lasting peace is through reconciliation and continued co-operation . 
  the un peacekeepers are just that . 
  peace keepers . 
  they are not a combat unit nor should they be . 
  us has vetoed more resolutions than any other since the end of the cold war . 
  considering that all places of higher education are located in larger cities there is bound to be more ignorance in rural areas . 
  since the best and the brightest from those rural areas go to the cities to get an education they ca n't get anywhere else . 
  and not all of them return . 
  since the education they get affords them opportunities not available in the rural communities they come from . 
  only priests and doctors are likely to return to rural towns . 
  so some ignorance is to be expected . 
  the level ignorance however depends on the level of non-academic education including modern quasi-academic places of learning , how deeply class society is entrenched , level of social mobility and other factors . 
  but again the more educated or less ignorant , which can be distinct properties , are to be found in major population centres . 
  now considering the wide range of circumstances within europe i 'd say that it depends . 
  in some countries you 're unlikely to see the level of ignorance as in us rural towns . 
  in others they are beholden to their own superstitions . 
  they or the eu lobbyists . 
  there was talk earlier about acta provision in the trade agreement . 
  i mean verbatim copies . 
  a western school . 
  schools do n't look like that in most parts of asia or africa . 
  have you considered a ferry/ship from denmark to the uk ? 
  i 'd also recommend climbing to the top of arc de triomphe . 
  it 's not that high but the view is still nice . 
  each member state has their own method for selecting seats . 
  luckily many do not have party lists . 
  pre-ordered party lists are a blight on representative democracy . 
  only one finn voted for acta . 
  lets make sure that he and none of the 38 others are re-elected in 2014 . 
  he is from stuttgart . 
  for those who are lacking in automotive trivia . 
  as i was . 
  it is incredible that the foundations of modern economics are not criticized or even scrutinized . 
  people are only too eager to swallow the need for austerity . 
  when it in fact will only be a band-aid . 
  hurting long term recovery . 
  no one ( at least no one in power ) is willing to do genuine root-cause analysis of the financial troubles . 
  fractional reserve banking is the direct cause of the current troubles , the boom-bust cycle , the whole lot . 
  only hastened by the transfer of monetary power to private hands . 
  it 's just that the more financially irresponsible and/or weaker are hit by instability first . 
  and those that benefit from the system , the ones setting it up are left unscathed . 
  much like the rest of the neo-colonial system where the rest of the world is pillaged in order for the wealthy to retain power in wealthy countries . 
  yes , we can . 
  it has been a source of concern in finland . 
  it is unlikely to happen before autumn . 
  but if nothing is done it will happen .
