this belief has been fueled by israeli propaganda . 
  what we are seeing now is the long overdue realization of israeli noncommittal attitude towards the peace process . 
  that 's pretty standard fare for new countries . 
  tax planning at its best . 
  or not paying your dues . 
  however you want to look at it . 
  picture 13 looks like a good alternative for `` clarity clarence '' . 
  or israel . 
  finland : all major parties are holding their annual meetings . 
  alexander stubb is selected as the new prime minister . 
  at the conclusion of his speech he takes a [ selfie ] ( http://m.iltalehti.fi/uutiset/2014061518409313_uu.shtml ) . 
  all finnish harbours were on strike for 24 hours . 
  the union representative was threatened by a representative of a russian ship they are refusing to unload for what they are claiming to be `` slave labour '' . 
  and the 3 were smart enough not to get caught ? 
  pot brownies are better . 
  or so i have been told . 
  i do not consume illicit drugs . 
  i really do n't . 
  stop looking at me like that . 
  if grillo wins the tradition will continue . 
  he 'll take italy to a new direction for sure , but that is no guarantee for competent leadership . 
  create separate european company with no ties us . 
  uk , the thread is about done now . 
  unconventional warfare on the other hand and foreign occupations by us troops are at an all time high . 
  i think that this is the majority opinion here in finland . 
  current government not withstanding . 
  the us has been pulling finland to nato for about 60 years now . 
  so this is nothing new . 
  ukraine your neck out too far and it 'll get chopped off . 
  most people do n't . 
  but the gullible ones do and they keep them in business . 
  and it is a business . 
  this exact same thing is happening all over europe . 
  finland is considering banning begging . 
  and nato along with it . 
  the very same . 
  these observers failed to notice the huge discrepancies in the election results and methodologies . 
  the `` true finns '' party is mainstream . 
  it is however not really far-right . 
  more of a populist party . 
  it attracts most of the extremists that want to take part in finnish politics . 
  so many of the names in the article are badly mangled that it is impossible to make out the originals . 
  gemma koskiniemi is probably a reference to hemmo koskiniemi who was booted from true finns a while ago . 
  he is about as good a reflection of finnish sentiment as beckman . 
  i would n't trust this bit of `` news '' at all . 
  any article that has johan b\u00e4ckman as a reliable source can be discounted as either trolling or propaganda . 
  edit : ( beckman -  b\u00e4ckman thnx / u / _ sik ), 
  all of north africa . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  many of the european `` socialists '' have been bought by business interests for quite a while now . 
  their policies have seriously veered right . 
  come on latvia !, 
  take it like a man . 
  with love , finland, 
  you are correct . 
  in finland speeding tickets are based on your income . 
  there was a royalist movement in the early years of finnish independence . 
  and there is a king of finland . 
  he just was never installed officially . 
  it 's still something to be avoided . 
  islam should n't be allowed to dictate policy no more than the catholic church . 
  this whole thing is to give 130 million euros of government 's money to jorma ollila . 
  there is no benefit for the citizens , the government or the environment . 
  our cars , fuel , etc. 
  are already heavily taxed . 
  there is no need to create another tax upon tax . 
  installing big brother surveillance device none-the-less . 
  you can bet the police will use a court order to get the data . 
  no talk about data retention at all . 
  til that the worst storms in finland can be classified as f2 tornadoes . 
  finland too . 
  a great man has passed . 
  i 'll have a moment of silence in his honour . 
  us intelligence agencies got the swift data even before tftp . 
  tftp just made it official and public . 
  not all misconceptions are cleared by age . 
  some become notions . 
  some are believed as facts . 
  also being covered all winter in thick clothes . 
  then comes summer . 
  almost everyone is showing some skin . 
  things get crazy . 
  i agree . 
  zionists would be a more accurate description . 
  it 's a veiled threat used to justify the next round of atrocities by the israelies . 
  saing now look what you made us do . 
  i think he meant centralised government . 
  finland too . 
  high five !, 
  it 's funny that this piece is being dismissed for its tone . 
  the facts it represents are still true and should give pause to all who read them . 
  to allow private bankers to set benchmarks that they themselves benefit from is idiotic , corrupt practice that needs to stop . 
  the nonregulation of financial world is allowing the robber barons of today to rob the world blind and get slap on the wrist for it . 
  just look at any scandal in the last 10 years and weigh the damage caused to society at large vs the penalties given to the perpetrators . 
  expected monty python , was not disappointed . 
  the pastafarians are looking more like a real religion all the time . 
  it 'll be a few hundred years but they will turn into real one soon enough . 
  you should contact them all . 
  just to let them know where they stand with public opinion . 
  source ?
