  the european commission has consistently worked against the public interest of europeans . 
  the acta process is in no way exempt from this . 
  it is the mo of the commission . 
  you may send your people to beg all over europe , but you are correct . 
  the way that the us is devolving into a police state is troublesome . 
  you just know that a shit storm is coming and there little you can do about it . 
  imho finland and the rest of europe should distance themselves from the us and let it quibble amongst themselves and not take the whole world with them . 
  i 'd hate for finland to down again with another fascist dictatorship . 
  russia is having problems of its own and is unlikely to go against europe . 
  with or without nato . 
  russia is dependent on europe as a trading partner . 
  as is europe dependent on russia . 
  tensions are thus unlikely to result in anything severe . 
  what i would like to see is a nordic alliance ( finland , sweden norway , iceland , denmark ) . 
  i think it 's both . 
  the debt problem would have bitten us eventually even without peak oil . 
  but now instead of a usual financial crisis we have see it in a context of a series of financial crises . 
  and i 'm sad to say that the normal cures will not work with this one . 
   we have more of an inferiority complex towards the rest of the world . 
  we keep telling ourselves that . 
  but i do n't think it 's true actually . 
  we prepare to fail . 
  an inevitable survival tactic . 
  a remnant from the days of recurring crop failures . 
  when going gets tough we get it not just done . 
  we get it done right . 
  we repay our debts instead of weaseling out of them . 
  fun historical fact : finland repaid the last parts of debt incurred during the first world war to the united states _ during _ the continuation war ( 1941-1944 ), 
  robbing the middle class and the poor like in the us perhaps ? 
  pretty much the whole of western and northern europe do n't reproduce fast enough to replace people . 
  let alone outpace immigrants . 
  what i do does not matter . 
  besides there are too many people as it is . 
  our royalty never even managed to get into power . 
  well , outbreeding the original population worked for the saxons . 
  why should n't it work for the arabs ? 
  i think the comparison is apt . 
  and it needs to be pointed out . 
  israel should not get a free pass just because it is israel . 
  the source is not china daily as such . 
  it is kenneth rogoff ( professor of economics and public policy at harvard university , and former chief economist at the imf ) via project syndicate . 
  more relatively interesting writings of his can be found [ here ] ( http://www.project-syndicate.org/contributor/kenneth-rogoff ) . 
  please read the style along with the words people !, 
  also you could take a look at the other articles in the same series . 
  pass notes is not exactly serious journalism . 
  if only it were that simple . 
  i do not share your optimism . 
  most of the people voting do not know and/or do not care enough about politics and can therefore be convinced to vote against their own interests . 
  people really do not see further than their own nose . 
  it 's not just in hungary . 
  the same mentality can be observed all over the world . 
  as long as people have food and toys they do n't care about anything else . 
  bread and bloody circuses !, 
  my respect for vaclav havel just went up significantly . 
  i all for the revitalization of personal responsibility . 
  it just can not work in the current political climate . 
  nowhere in the world . 
  luckily there is a revolution growing around the world . 
  but it needs to grow quickly before the crises that surround us overwhelm us . 
  still not viable in finland by 2018 . 
  i guess we still need other renewable sources of energy . 
  the council of european union has an important role in the forming of laws in the european union . 
  and it has been observed many a times that these types of shenaningans are typical of the behaviour of the council of european union . 
  the eu parliament is another important part of the legislative process of the eu . 
  but it is a parliament filled with inept politicians making back room deals and whoring themselves to the lobbyists interests . 
  the legislative process itself in the eu is so convoluted and complicated i will not try to explain it fully here . 
  suffice to say that in some cases the commission and council of eu can together approve laws together without parliament . 
  in the case of acta and software patents eu uses the codecision process , which gives almost equal power to the council and the parliament . 
  except that the council can blackmail the parliament because the parliament has to wholly reject a law or pass it if the council does not want to make the changes required by the parliament . 
  so yes this is typical eu . 
  also there are more tax dodging , lazy leeches in the eu besides greece . 
  i would even go so far as saying there are enough such countries that it is also typical eu member state behaviour . 
  no , it means that there are tax dodging , lazy leeches in the eu . 
  could n't agree more about the structure of eu making it easier to make undemocratic decisions . 
  acta and software patent issues are good examples of this . 
  it is a shame that our political system allows the will of the people to be ignored with such efficiency while maintaining a semblance of democracy . 
  the council is a part of the european union so above statement is accurate . 
  yet , right politics is winning support by the day . 
  it 's been a rising tide for several years now all across europe . 
  the social democrats lost their roots and were corrupted from the inside and deserve to fall . 
  it 'll take a few decades for them to recover and the right wingers will rule the day until then . 
  i see bad times ahead . 
  where did the domestic pressure come from ? 
  these type of statements get thrown around quite often but they are almost never qualified with anything more substantial . 
  it 's looking more an more like nothing will ever be enough . 
  if it is not portugal , ireland , greece or italy , it 'll be france , spain or any number of east european countries . 
  until they get what they want . 
  then magically the markets start working again . 
  companies start writing off their losses and continue . 
  suicide rates are high and going up with the dismanteling of the welfare state . 
  sunrise 8.33 sunset 17.43, 
  nice to see finland at the better end in most of those graphs . 
  makes me want to stay here even more . 
  it looks like the world should take some lessons from nordic countries in general . 
  not the other way around . 
  sounds like something an anarchist would approve of . 
  i agree that significance of state actors is diminishing . 
  the power of corporations , ngos and other transnational entities is growing . 
  but i do n't think states are going anywhere . 
  it is getting more complicated .
