implying that the current criticism of the eu is n't valid, 
  me : `` san francisco and america are not safe places '', 
  you 've probably not met any people over the age of 30 then, 
  this is hilarious, 
  no surrender, 
  more fear-mongering from the europhilic cretins, 
  who is this bitch anyway ? 
  never heard of her, 
  psa : british people are n't allowed to comment because they are vile disgusting scummy pieces of shit and will tarnish any city just by mentioning it 's name . 
  we wo n't pay a penny , and we 'll get it without free movement of peoples . 
  why ? 
  because our economy is fucking massive and the eu will have to bend the knee to our demands . 
   that only happened because of brexit this does n't even warrant a response , but it 's quite weird and delusional how you think brexit was at fault for her murder by a mentally ill neo-nazi . 
   the funeral marches of female mps oh you did n't did you ? 
  fucking sickening bringing jo cox into this . 
  sovereignty and eu are oxymoronic, 
  ultranationalism ? 
  i suppose to the far left any sign of slight patriotism after years of being told we should be ashamed to be british is seen as far right fascist palingenetic ultranationalism . 
  but you 're specifically blaming this attack on a referendum ... 
  because most remainers want our country to go to shit so they can feel better about themselves . 
  they 're not even old enough to vote, 
  how do we know it was racial motivation ? 
  murders happen all the time , let 's wait to see the full story . 
  so any murder now is brexits fault ? 
  anything that suits the bbc 's left wing agenda . 
  no i mean we left because of comments like these from europhiles . 
  this is why we left, 
  good, 
  walsall 's more attractive than warsaw tbh, 
  also their country was literally built on immigrants . 
  taking notes off the irish and indians, 
  because most europhiles want to see the uk crash and burn . 
  any positive uk news on this sub must be scrutinised and ridiculed , because after all , we are in the / r/europe axis of evil alongside russia and turkey . 
  galicia is terrified, 
   unconsaqential human garbage i would n't want to be part of a country who thought of me like that, 
  the sort of response i wanted to here . 
  never change . 
  the fact is moldovans do n't want re-unification and you would be deluded to think so . 
  / u/source-direct, 
  roma are n't romanians, 
  we tried to bring the eu down ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  we 're incompatible with the european project , a strong eu benefits us , we do n't want to bring it down , it 's just sad that it 's come to this . 
  they did tbf , all that happened was the pound went down , and i had to spend a bit more on holiday in greece , not the post-referendum apocalypse they said would happen . 
  the scare tactics from the left-wing establishment did n't work . 
  well since the uk is one of the biggest net contributors to the eu budget i 'd say those rebates were fair . 
  the ex-president of the eu now works for goldman sachs , but nah the eu is n't elitist and it does n't serve the interests of corporations . 
   why not ? 
  it 's been pretty good actually . 
  exactly , schengen like most things in life comes with positives and negatives . 
  you ca n't just keep the positives and not have to deal with the negatives . 
  which is why sarkozy is being a right cunt , but i understand why he 's saying these things because the french electorate will lap it up . 
  or we could hope a god fearing protestant wind casts them off-course like that of the armarda in 1588 . 
  given the predicament of the european project the only rational thing to do was to leave the sinking ship . 
  all i 'll say is good luck to them if they think they can get to the uk , not a cat in hell 's chance . 
  yes because that 's how rational democracies work . 
  imagine if it were the other way round , the outrage french people would have , bloody roast beefs allowing migrants to pass into our country . 
  that 's not how alliances work or how diplomacy goes about it the 21st century . 
  oh and by the way , unlike schengen nations we do care about our borders , they won get to the `` other side '' . 
  if the french did let them past , we 'd just intercept them , and deport them home , where they belong . 
  such a shame inept french border control ca n't do that already . 
  but they do have an obligation to properly document and then deport illegal immigrants . 
  saying the camp should be moved to the uk is purely sarkozy 's election rhetoric to get more votes . 
  firstly we would never allow them to get over ( because we have competent border control ) and secondly it would prove to the international world that france still are bitter cunts . 
  so you should n't have signed up to it , simple . 
  we are n't in schengen for good reason too , because we actually care about the sovereignty of our country . 
  exactly . 
  right now hungary is more appealing to me than say germany , because they actually want to preserve their culture and not destroy it . 
  i do n't know whether it 's post-war guilt or what but there do seem to be a lot of self-hating germans on here . 
  ffs , you can be proud of your country and not want german culture destroyed , wake up and smell the coffee . 
  good . 
  it 's about time proud european nation states had non-traitorous leaders . 
  that 's a good one . 
  maybe if you controlled your borders properly you would n't have that problem , not our fault at all , and if you do allow them to cross we wo n't let them in and we 'll gain a diplomatic insult/border tension causus belli on you . 
  left wing people betrayed their own ideology to appease islam . 
  read the brackets, 
  they do n't . 
  maybe bread and butter if you 're lucky . 
  mocking ulster nationalism , typical arrogant irish nationalist . 
  you 're mistake is thinking being a catholic automatically means you favour unification , if anything catholics now favour status quo or even an independent northern ireland over joining the republic . 
  why would you even say that ? 
  when the majority of northern irish want it ( which they do n't ) then ok , but seriously stay out of it , it 's a very divisive topic that should be left to the self-determination of the locals . 
  that 's an insult to all the people who suffered under the tudors . 
  open a bottle of bubbly and celebrate the freedom of europe 's nation states . 
  give us back calais then , it is ours by right . 
  not until they leave the eu, 
  only in london, 
  but but brexit, 
  he 's not wrong with the first part , belgium of the balkans . 
  not entirely sure how that would work . 
  good, 
  scotland would need to adopt the euro straight away though , they sure are n't getting the pound . 
  the normal folk are the losers of globalisation , the winners are banks , governments and left wing university students who love to see their culture being eroded under the guise of multiculturalism . 
  i certainly wo n't lose sleep over this, 
  well actually the eu , eurozone and the imf are all to blame , for putting authoritarian rules on countries like greece , and making it impossible for them to pay back government debt . 
  ok , not the eu , the eurozone is to blame for their predicament . 
  oh i forgot i 'm no allowed to care about the welfare of other countries , how dare i. 
  ca n't be true , little britian ca n't possible affect european economy that much . 
  there 's no need for them to have a special deal , because obviously the norwegian economy influences the eu more . 
  is n't there literally a condition of joining the eu ( or eurozone ca n't quite remember ) where you have to have a minimum amount of budget deficit , and scotland far exceeds this .
