  @poles , estonians , lithuanians and latvians do n't worry , this ira/hamas/hezbollah loving , britain hating marxist will never be elected as prime minister . 
  he 's arguably more un-electable than michael foot , who got annihilated by thatcher in 83 . 
  you know you 've fucked up when supporters and mp 's in your own party would actually prefer may as prime minister instead of yourself . 
  that 's why we voted leave , that 's why we voted leave . 
  life has n't changed , only difference was i had a shitty conversion rate for euros when going to greece , but other than that everything 's the same . 
  national lottery funding helps , as does taking pride in your country instead of taking pride in a corrupt elitist corporation . 
  at least we try and do something about sexual abuse , the same ca n't be said about k\u00f6ln , you nonce enablers . 
  not the ussr just saying that the eu does exude communist principles . 
  cowering behind the flag of a elitist corporation instead of the flag of the country you 're from , wow german shame and self-guilt really is true . 
  exactly , imagine if they did , people would be more pissed off . 
  but they did n't push down polish wages because they were already low . 
  germany 's foreign policy is all fart , no shit . 
  like to talk the talk , but then they pathetically do n't even hit their nato requirements for military spending . 
  we really should have been harsher on them after ww2 , doubled their reparation payments , maybe even ceded the allied controlled zones of west germany to the soviets . 
  modern day germany is only a success it is today because churchill ( + attlee ) and fdr ( + truman ) were leniant on them . 
  sorry i do n't quite get what you 're on about . 
  oh this is ironic . 
  france and germany do n't even spend more than 2 % of their gdp on defence . 
  you 're ripping the likes of america and the uk off who meet their targets . 
  imagine if there were 1m brits in romania or poland , they would n't be that keen on open borders then . 
  because i 'm scottish ? 
  i have no problem with it in principle , in reality it becomes a problem when local schools are full to the brim , when there 's a housing crisis , when wages are lowered due to cheap low-skilled labour immigration , when there 's stresses on the nhs and welfare state , when your just simply running out of room and resources , and where your culture is under threat . 
  of course in a communists mind , none of these things happen , because everyone lives in a nice bubbly utopia where there are no problems and everybody gets a long . 
  good . 
  one of the factors why leave won is because we 're simply fed up with the criminal bankers in the city of london who helped caused the economic crash . 
  instead of jail time , they got bonuses and public money was used to bail them out , the final kick in the teeth . 
  will i shed a tear that some ceo from hsbc has lost a few million ? 
  no , i will celebrate . 
  will i be sad that people have lost their jobs , of course , but the mismanagement by the bankers caused so many job loses in 2008 . 
  fuck off to frankfurt or berlin or wherever , see if we care , you traitorous sacks of shite . 
  barroso your ex-president was a commie . 
  your globalist outlook on the world is communist . 
  your anti-democratic nature is communist . 
  this is the true flag of the [ eu ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/12/%22eussr%22_flag.svg/2000px-%22eussr%22_flag.svg.png ), 
  the funny thing is if i had my way in potsdam and yalta germany would still be banned from any sporting competition ( including the world cup , euros and olympics ) until 2045 . 
  an 100 year ban would be fair for their war crimes . 
  they will be if the communist eu countries use our nationals as bargaining chips . 
  also , as if you have the power sturgeon , first minster of nothing , pathetic self-seeking woman . 
  brexit `` campaigners '' , the referendum is over . 
  no suprise team gb , an epitome of the establishment are in favour of the eu . 
  the man should be knighted not arrested, 
  i 've not felt any, 
  you 're telling me the combined medals total of 27 countries beats the medals totals of single countries ? 
  not really a fair fight though , was it ? 
  drunk bald old men with plastic chairs vs organised russian hooligans from moscow firms who came with mma gloves . 
  but hey at least we actually gave it a go , unlike the swedes , who were impotent and cowardly both on and off the pitch . 
  suppose it 's not a suprise given your cowardly neutrality during ww2 . 
  good , corrupt bastard just like conlan, 
  germans was a reference to the royal family, 
  how so ? 
  culturally not at all , perhaps we share some mannerisms with scandinavia but nothing else . 
  linguistically meh similar to german and dutch supposedly but they 're not that similar . 
  latin languages are far more similar to each other . 
  we 're not comparing spanish , italian and portuguese here . 
  economically , yes i agree we have ties , we love trade with europe . 
  we joined the eec for closer economic ties . 
  that 's how it should have stayed , however empire building bureaucrats and federalist have set out their vision of a political union and a united states of europe . 
  the european project is alien to british ideals . 
  historically agreed too . 
  first cameth the angles , saxons and jutes , then the romans , then the normans , then the germans . 
  i for one still recognise our rightful claim to all french land that was once part of the angevin empire . 
  in reality we 've done our best to keep the status-quo in europe when you 've kept on fucking up . 
  napoleon , crimea , ww1 , ww2 e.t.c. 
  isolationist policy towards europe is the way forward . 
  the only thing connecting us to europe is the channel tunnel . 
  brits have never identified as european and never will do . 
  yeah you 'll get a few young left-wing brits on here who shamefully have european union flags instead of their own countries flag , but thankfully they 're a minority . 
  we 'll never be european, 
  traitors to morality for staying neutral instead of joining the fight against the fascist bastards, 
  good . 
  we have more in common with canada , australia and new zealand than we do with the brutish continentals . 
  well when the nazis invaded poland we were brought into the war , i 'd call that keeping a promise . 
  what did you expect us to do , somehow send troops to poland straight away , that would have been logistically impossible and tactically suicidal . 
  who exactly did we load on boats and send to gulags ? 
  and poles who fought in the raf are commended every year, 
  is that a joke ? 
  it 's well known the ira collaborated with nazi intelligence services well up till the end of the war , plus de valera sent a condolence letter to hitler . 
  exactly . 
  swedish and irish traitors who sided with the nazis in ww2 make me sick . 
  i understand finland doing it , but not the swedes . 
  because according to / r/europe normalisation means alliance , fucking bellends . 
  we are the second largest net contributors, 
  good riddance , god awful airline, 
  so like the european commision then ? 
  germans please tell me she wo n't get voted in again . 
  merkel is a traitor to the german nation . 
  good, 
  germany have more spandau ballets though, 
  but forcing women to cover up 90 % of their body is n't authoritarian ? 
  uk and germany propping up the eu medals table with the other nations leeching off our total , just like real life then . 
  hardly , look at any thread about flags or nationalism or patriotism on here on or / r/unitedkingdom . 
  it 's ok to fly flags if it 's the irish flag , or the scottish saltire or palestinian , but if it 's the evil st george 's cross , or union flag or israeli flag then that 's just horrible nationalism . 
  yet if people put up german flags loony left weirdos would ask for it to be taken down because nationalism is evil . 
   the `` so called '' italians lol , i know you 're a relatively young country but there is such thing as an italian identity and culture . 
  you may have started out as separate states but it 's not like there were massive cultural and genetic differences between them . 
  to say there is n't a well developed italian culture would be wrong . 
  having regionalism in sardinia , sicily , venezia e.t.c. 
  does not take away from the italian identity . 
  really ? 
  i went as a tourist and it took my breath away .
