  no , it 's the stance of the european commision and many federalists . 
  wanting all member states to join the eurozone by 2020 , hi . 
   i believe in a european project whose endgame is to have a united states of europe , no thanks . 
  so you 're suggesting the eu is a federal country and italy is a state of europe just like california is a state of america . 
  learn something new everyday . 
  personally i think nafta 's flag is the flag of america , and americans should use nafta flags instead of the star spangled banner . 
   while the eu flag is the flag of europe that 's news to me, 
  and ... 
  if someone held up a flag of microsoft instead of the dutch flag , would n't you be alarmed ? 
  the eu flag does not represent a `` nationality '', 
  should really be holding the flag of her own country not one of a corporation , no ? 
  still here for a few years mate , think of it as us watching above in the crows nest at you lot drowning in the bowels below . 
  i agree with this statement, 
   politically , economically and as 1 single nation . 
  imagine the euros if the eu competed as one team , it actually makes me sick how people favour a elitist organisation over their own countries . 
  and yes this extends to people on this subreddit who use eu flairs over their own countries , it 's frankly bizarre . 
  yes yes an eu army for the united states of europe with the headquarters in berlin , yes please . 
  oh no i agree with their mistreatment , they do the same sort of things in the uk , twas merely being flippant . 
   if it was by me he 'd get life sentence calm down ceau\u0219escu, 
  i 'd like to take legal action against the romanian government for their mistreatment of roma gypsies . 
  that 's right fuck off romania , we wo n't let our journalist be extradited to some cesspit jail under a botched up trail . 
  nah we should have just triggered it straight away without any consultation or consensus from all constituent countries of the united kingdom . 
  blair was bush 's lapdog , it was headed by america , britian backed them and i 100 % support that to this day , no point of having allies if you cower in fear when they need your help . 
  iran , meh oil , again the yanks helped us too . 
  and egypt , presume your referring to suez , did n't another pesky continental nation that inhabits the ancient roman province of gaul also get involved ? 
  closer ties with russia ? 
  it says normalise the current shitty relationship . 
  i know ex-soviet countries have lower standards of education and comprehension compared to western europe but i did n't know it was this bad . 
  good , status quo in europe is essential . 
  we do n't want to have to be bailing out europe again in another stupid war they start . 
  what exactly should we do to russia ? 
  punish them further ? 
  i would n't poke the bear . 
  if nato really wanted to deal with it properly they should have sent in troops , but that would have re-light cold war 2.0 . 
  in reality germany , france and co. once again have no balls and did nothing . 
  so it really is n't our fault when we want to normalise relations . 
  normalise does n't equal alliance , so stop panicking ex-soviet and warsaw pact countries . 
  i think you need to look up the definition of fascist . 
  hahaha, 
  exactly , i 'm sure if we said the same about their own countries they 'd be rightfully annoyed . 
  how exactly would that process start ? 
  can an assembly call for one ? 
  pretty sure the unionists in stormont would stop it in its tracks . 
  stop fucking blaming everything on america and take responsibility for once . 
  a shitty performance that still outperforms france and germany ? 
  want it to fail ? 
  it 's already failed, 
  hardly sad . 
  i 'll be happy that a proud sovereign state has not been broken up . 
  why am i so invested ? 
  because i actually care about the welfare of european countries , unlike europeans who actively want the uk to fail . 
  not dancing , urging them to do the right thing and leave a sinking ship . 
  ca n't wait to see what excuses are made up . 
  face it federalists the eu and the eurozone has fucked over many mediterranean countries who frankly should have never joined in the first place . 
  tell italians the european project worked for them , only a matter of time before the italians say enough is enough . 
  because you 're in the disastrous eurozone, 
  do n't include us in the eu thanks , i know we 've not left yet , but i just find that flag and name abhorrent . 
  how dare we , / r/europe fails to realise we 've always been about retaining the status qou in europe when they start killing each other . 
  lot of stupid comments from ignorant europeans like `` london economy relies on russian oligarch money '' . 
  did n't know so many europeans were against democracy, 
  failed project , just end it now before more internal damage is caused . 
  when they give back ceuta , melilla and oliven\u00e7a then maybe we 'll talk . 
  i just do n't think you understand , if you open borders , german borders , you 're gon na have a riot on your hands . 
  i was also joe king, 
  i 'm used to it , same things happened to me on / r/unitedkingdom . 
  lol ? 
  nazi rhetoric . 
  so that attack by the afghan refugee on the train , you 're saying that if german migrant policy was harsher it would n't make a difference and he 'd still somehow be able to come to germany because of bombing ? 
  it 's all to do with migration policy . 
  russia funded ukip ? 
  i 've heard it all now . 
  the european project is failing , it would be delusion to think otherwise . 
  no , you did n't start getting attacked because you started bombing , you 're getting attacked because you let too many refugees in . 
  sometimes being nice can fuck you over . 
  well their points based system certainly helps , as opposed to german open border immigration and allowing of mass unchecked refugees to come to their country . 
  but nah that definitely did n't cause that 18 year old afghan refugee to hack people with an axe , that was the fault of evil britian and america . 
  hindsight is 20/20 , some people really underestimate how much of a vile cunt sadam hussein was . 
  no the fault for the refugees is the fucked up ideology of extremist islam , you terrorist symapthiser . 
  wow i knew we were better ( in terms of civilisation ) than continental world war starting europe but i did n't know the gap was so big . 
  where 's australia 's terrorist attacks ? 
  maybe they 're doing something you 're not . 
  good , good . 
  germans are finally waking up and smelling the fucking coffee . 
  when did i say scottish nationalism was n't allowed ? 
  plenty of no voters voted to remain in the eu , that does n't mean they feel more european than british . 
  scotland is the uk , we have been for centuries , and have shared monarchs with england for even longer . 
  just because your left-wing friends say they `` feel european '' does n't mean all scots feel that way . 
  plenty of proud scots have bled for the union jack , i 'm pretty sure they would n't do the same for the eu . 
  no that ca n't be true , it was the evil english oppressors who colonised us against our own will !, 
  ( according to people on here ), 
  as a scot who voted no to independence and will continue to do so until the day i die , this poll is re-assuring to see . 
  can i just say a big fuck you to all the europeans on here who keep on whishing for the breakup of a 300 year old union and to stop telling us scots what you think is best for us , we 'll make that decision thank you very much , so stay out of it . 
  irony is we 'd be ahead of ireland if it was n't for northern ireland dragging our score down . 
  it really is pathetic , we should have been harsher on them after ww2 . 
  because what they proposed was shite , av was n't even proportional , it was essentially a `` watered down '' fptp . 
  also the electorate were n't that bothered , the campaigning for av was lackluster and confusing and in the end the status quo ended up winning , because at the end of the day why would labour and the tories back something that would electorally fuck them over ? 
  i 'd like to draw some similarities to australia 's 1999 referendum on whether they should become a republic . 
  one of the reasons no won was because ardent republicans were n't happy with the package that was being offered , they thought it was n't republican enough . 
  like in the uk , where supporters of electoral reform just did n't think av went far enough , so they voted against it . 
  do n't worry ireland you 'll have a referendum , you 'll vote against it , and the democratic eu will ignore the result of the referendum , and hold another one until they get the result they want .
