  yes but it was graced by the noble empire , so it 's an exception . 
  once again the eu fucks over mediterranean countries, 
  i mean it 's better than nothing , but it 's sad it 's come to this . 
  the traitorous globalists who brought france to her knees are to blame for the current predicament . 
  the latter . 
  good, 
  but but sturgeon said it would all be jolly . 
  that 's right absolutely fuck off , snp claim to not be like the political clique in our country , but they 're really no different to the rest of the lying bastards down in westminster . 
  may i ask what the united kingdom did to slovenia ? 
  just another glimpse of sturgeon 's socialist scotland . 
  given your flag , i find it surprising you 'd support the actions of a right-wing military junta . 
  also the most arrogant, 
  look what angela has done, 
  look what merkel has done to your country germans . 
  bismarck would be ashamed . 
  in english please, 
  then write to the families of 12 year old tim parry and 3 year old jonathan ball who were killed in the warrington bomb attacks of 1993 . 
  you can contact them via this website set up in their memory : www.foundation4peace.org, 
  exactly . 
  european federalists on here from tinpot countries loved to spew `` oh you 're a tiny island , and your empire is falling '' whatever the fuck that was meant to mean . 
  so this is a big fuck you to all those europhiles who acted as if britian does n't mean anything on the world stage . 
  some things in this map do n't make sense and it 's honestly not very funny . 
  people often forget stalin killed more than hitler . 
  fuck fascism and communism . 
  good , do it italy . 
  it 's sad to see such a proud nation who brought the western world roads , sanitation and aqueducts falling at its feet at the mercy of the european union . 
  i 'd see it as trying to re-kindle a relationship with your ex . 
  also glad to see you took the bait . 
  good . 
  would much rather have closer ties with new zealand than countries like romania . 
  scottish *, 
  eu must fight terrorism first you traitor fran\u00e7ois . 
  not completely useless though . 
  there 's already serious talks about an eu army and the eu did instigate a coup in ukraine removing a democratically elected president in favour of a pro-eu puppet . 
  suprise suprise this article is posted by an irishman, 
  no you 're right he would have invaded . 
  and the traitorous appeaser neville chamberlain would have let him get away with it , citing the harshness of versailles and that it was germany territory to begin with . 
  ok , i 'll admit some coercion and the threat of imminent invasion may have affected the results . 
  but hitler did love referendums , pretty sure the saarland had one on whether they should join germany . 
  who would have thought , 70 years later , they 'd be on the verge of doing that exact thing once more , this time under he guise of a federal europe . 
  we all know the real power is in berlin , not brussels . 
  they could have . 
  look at anschluss . 
  dear addie gave the austrian people a plebiscite on whether they should join the reich . 
  ironically the eu is the fourth reich in all but name . 
  in football ? 
  obviously . 
  but that never happens anyway . 
  no thanks . 
  an eu army would be the single biggest threat to europe since the maastricht treaty . 
  why do ireland have no golds ? 
  must be bloody cromwells fault , the oppressor . 
  someone 's bitter . 
  since you are uneducated on british politics i 'll fill you in , for free . 
  unelected . 
  in the uk , we do n't directly elected heads of state , it is n't like the us where they have a presidential election . 
  instead we elect political parties to govern , and by convention the leader of said political party becomes prime minister . 
  may stepping in after cameron resigned is not a new phenomenon . 
  when thatcher ( god rest her soul ) resigned , major stepped in . 
  when blair resigned , brown stepped in . 
  oligarchy . 
  i mean we 're not perfect . 
  it would be wrong to suggest companies do n't influence british politics , but that 's no different to any political system on earth . 
  whether it be iron triangles in the us or the influence of the ert within the european union . 
  i do n't quite get what you mean `` held hostage under a single currency '' . 
  if so , when scotland voted on independence why did yes voters want to keep the pound and not join the euro . 
  again , after the referendum despite the divides we are very much still a united kingdom . 
  a yougov poll showed that scots still favoured staying in the uk at 53 % . 
  let 's also leave the northern ireland question to the people themselves . 
  when a majority want to join ireland they can . 
  but again despite europeans on here telling brits that ni will join ireland any minute now , it 's simply not true . 
  if anything an independent northern ireland is more realistic these days than a united ireland . 
  i do n't get european obsession with an independent scotland and united ireland , let popular sovereignty decide , instead of the post-brexit bitterness of europhiles . 
  i do n't get salty at anything because salty is yank terminology . 
  but no since i 'm scottish i do n't care if ni beat england in football . 
  but why are you trying to say ? 
  that we should have all celebrated wales reaching the semis because they 're part of the uk , no thanks . 
  nor should we celebrate portugal winning because they 're part of the eu , only portuguese can properly celebrate their countries victory . 
  we both have the same tune for our national anthems . 
  tell that to liechtenstein . 
  or any country that opts out of schengen , or eurozone outputs . 
  would n't call it a problem . 
  when the end game of the european project is the usoe i 'm afraid we ca n't be apart of that . 
  i 'll also have you know the uk along with germany are the biggest net contributors to the european budget ( glad that wo n't be the case anymore ), 
  as i 've said before the only thing we 've got in common with the european continent is the channel tunnel . 
  no serious people consider themselves european first , then british second . 
  the only people that do are people on here , who i 'll be honest , i 've never met in real life . 
  not really . 
  european federalism is alien to british political culture . 
  no shit . 
  just because we are incompatible with the european project does n't mean we want europe to fail , on the contrary . 
  we love trade with europe , we just do n't want to be a part of your super state . 
  because it 's bloody stupid . 
  in the euros did ~ ~ paedo ~ ~ europhiles celebrate when portugal won because they 're proud to be european ? 
  yay everyone wins , collective society , socialism !, 
  good , fuck the eu , individual countries compete at olympics not fucking conglomerate elitist organisations . 
  i 'm sorry but do n't you ever dare include us in a tally for some elitist corporation . 
  anyone with any sense of pride for their country should not wanted to be included in this tally . 
  wow he actually called the warsaw pact a `` mutual defence strategy '' . 
  it 's not really mutual if you 're forced into it .
