a huge majority of gulf states ' population is migrants already . 
  al qaeda was bourgeois terrorism . 
  doctors , engineers , etc. 
  islamist terrorist nowadays are more of an uneducated , brutish bunch . 
  what would you expect ? 
  ah , so indeed , no corruption then !, 
  well , only the law can make a language `` official '' . 
  however , regions/municipalities have some degree of autonomy over roadsigns , or what languages are taught at school for example . 
  it is recognised as a regional language ( fair enough ) , and the assembly of corsica voted it as an official language ( which it can not do , or is not supposed to be able to do ) . 
  it is also used for roadsigns , and can be passed as an option for the baccalaur\u00e9at . 
  it is part of our cultural heritage , after all . 
  yeah . 
  not for lack of trying though . 
  and today , we have a politician giving a speech in corsican in front of the local assembly , and no one apparently cares . 
  hm , thank you for clearing that up . 
  and yeah , i find this dichotomy quite strange too . 
  atheism is not quite agnosticism , though . 
  believing that there is no god is still believing . 
  i too miss the use of misuse . 
  what about eminem ? 
  not all admit it . 
  although it 's quite rare , and many christian churches ( e.g. 
  the catholic church ) officially acknowledge evolution . 
  more like 60 % , right ? 
  only less mountains though . 
  does n't surprise me , coming from an englishman . 
  ah , always the old stories ... how about a holy maiden instead ? 
  please do n't stop . 
  we would not have it become a one-sided fight . 
  and either is wrong . 
  sure . 
  and isis and al-qaeda ca n't stand each other . 
  same garbage ( though admittedly on a different scale ) to me . 
  yeah , many of them are from the far left / anti-european , not communists per se . 
  and communists . 
  do n't forget the communists . 
  remember the ivth republic ? 
  it 's more that nobody actually cares nor knows about kosovo here . 
  heck , i would bet most of us do n't even know that kosovo has a muslim population , or that wahhabism is a thing that exists . 
  not a good thing , i agree . 
  and we in the middle are both . 
  * channel shakes fist back *, 
  france has the highest muslim population ( well , for a country that is situated wholly in europe anyway ) . 
  incidentally , it also has a high number of idiots who think they are doing allah 's will by smashing stuff . 
  these guys simply strike where they can - at home . 
  love it . 
  well spoken , vieux chap . 
  raison de plus !, 
  anything to piss off our dear neighbours . 
  just like our rugby teams , go figure . 
  by the way , i learned that recently belgium was the best team in the world according to fifa . 
  since when do we frenchmen let facts get in the way of a perfectly reasonable train of thoughts ? 
  still , the etymology section of wikipedia ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_fries#etymology ) seems to disagree with that explanation . 
  i once had an italian neighbour . 
  we were chatting ( in english , of course ) , he had this wonderful , impossible-to-miss accent . 
  and all of a sudden , he goes : `` oh , but you are-a french-a , no ? 
  because of-a your accent '' . 
  a shame we did n't meet more often , he seemed a genuinely nice fellow . 
  what 's wrong with my perfume ? 
  ail de cologne , best cologne . 
  enjoying your ~ ~ freedom ~ ~ french fries , ricain ? 
  true that . 
  exactly . 
  what proved a disaster 4 centuries ago should n't be allowed to happen again . 
  hey , calm down !, 
  it 's something that apparently works out down under . 
  we have something like that in france too , although this is a bit lacking ( alsace-moselle , cfcm , etc. 
  in fact , it does worry a lot more about this life than the next compared to christianity , what with all the social norms , eating habits , punishments for theft , etc. 
  and even dress codes . 
  never two without three , i guess ... 1 . 
  not a whole lot , no . 
  impossible to say , really . 
  depends on opinion polls , and what fran\u00e7ois hollande , the socialist group in parliament , and the germans think , among other things . 
  he certainly wants to keep his promises , but he 's not a fool - he wo n't go against the electors ( especially with local elections in 2 months ) and his political allies . 
  nope . 
  well , according to the letter of the constitution , yes , but the president is de facto the leader of the executive . 
  he will certainly influence him , though , but nobody ( the people , journalists , heck , not even his closest friends ) knows what hollande really thinks . 
  exactly , it 's not about race or religion , it 's about fighting extremist ideologies like marxism or nationalism . 
  one of those is political islamism . 
  yeah , heard about that meeting , but not in the mainstream media of course . 
  straight white male here , i guess that , after checking my privilege , i agree with all your statements here . 
  ( very late answer , oh well ) well , there were wars a few centuries before ( crusades , reconquista , etc. ) . 
  and there still is islamist terrorism in western china and russian caucasus . 
  still , that 's a good point . 
  we promised the arabs freedom from the ottomans , only to create our own influence zones . 
  there is resentment against the west because of that , and we keep involving ourselves in that region withoud being asked to ( well , apart from local oppressed christians and yezidi , whom we also betrayed ) . 
  so , yeah , i think that , from a geopolitical point of view , you are correct . 
  the west , and especially europe 's great problem , is that we lack a strategy , a clear goal . 
  bloody americans  you can always count on them to do the right thing , after they have tried everything else ( i 'm not talking about the teacher here ) . 
  imagine what would have happened if he had published a caricature of jesus ... oh well , you can use anecdotes to prove your point , i still think there is a slight difference somewhere . 
  still , that 's an interesting conversation , and all religions pretending to promote peace and good should be held to the highest standard . 
  i 'm not saying secularism ( or christianity ) is `` better '' than another way of life , and that allowing gay marriage is , in itself , proof of a `` better society '' . 
  well , you have the right to think that secularism has nothing to do with culture and philosophy ( religion being a part of that ) , and is only the result of chance and economic prosperity ( that 's an opinion , and it 's your right to defend it ) . 
  gdp/capita and importance of religion is also an imperfect correlation : cf. 
  usa , gulf countries . 
  but you do n't face death threats if you criticise christian religion . 
  what is true , though , is that religion should n't dictate society 's laws . 
  otherwise , it becomes an ideology , and i agree with you on that point , things start to go south from there . 
  what are the only countries that tolerate/accept gay marriage today ? 
  countries of christian culture , which also happen to be most secular countries ( there may be reasons for that ) .
