exactly . 
  and these empty headlines will be posted here weekly , if not daily , and same people will continue to argue with same arguments over and over again . 
  maybe this is some kind of awful / r/europe-meme . 
  if so , it makes me miss rick astley . 
  really ? 
  this is just a commercial . 
  in finland it ca n't happen in presidential election , but it can happen in parliamental election . 
  finnish civil war leading to finnish independence in 1917 was a part of wwi and that part is naturally covered quite well in schools and is significant for us - as our civil war . 
  other parts of wwi is pretty much overlooked . 
  similar headlines to be expected next month . 
  different country . 
  thank god for estonia . 
  without estonia , getting drunk would be much more expensive for us . 
  wahlroos is quite well known from his provocative comments , and he likes to make some noise . 
  especially when new regulations or requirements are being discussed . 
  and no matter what politicans say , they wo n't - or ca n't just ignore his comments . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  austin allegro is as popular as it ever was . 
  pass . 
  just like swedes eat nothing but surstr\u00f6mming , and brits put marmite to everything , we just ca n't get enough of salty liquorice . 
  was n't there a guy getting similar headlines a couple of years ago ? 
  running on top of trains and skyscrapers - until one stunt went south quite badly . 
  there can be only one `` most dangerous '' at the time , i guess . 
  quite a good summary , i think . 
  i knew that article 50 only applies to constitutional and legal arrangements , not trade . 
  however , following was new to me  you mean we ca n't negotiate any trade deals , inside or outside the eu , while the two-year article 50 process is ongoing ? 
   exactly . 
  actually , it 's against the law for eu member states ( we 'd still be an eu member state until the end of the two-year process ) to conduct bilateral trade negotiations with other member states or countries . 
  finland took quite a big hit when basically all big export industries took a dive ( forest/paper , metal/shipyards and electronics ) within relative short time period . 
  that spiked the unemployment rate . 
  still trying to recover from that . 
  and young , maybe unexperienced , always tend to suffer the most . 
  and as in sweden , strict labour laws do n't help . 
  nope . 
  that 's not what he said . 
  though i 'm sure that title will wind up most people who are only reading headlines . 
   during the campaign , you know he told a lot of lies to the british people and now it is him who has his back against the wall . 
  i have strong feeling , that `` yes minister '' was actually a documentary . 
  it 's quite hard to believe we 're in the same linguistic family . 
  oops , did not even notice it was a video - thought it was just a conversation topic . 
  germany is ` saksa ' in finnish . 
  that comes from ` sachsen ' , which historically has been the area with trades and other relations to us . 
   and if the result is anything other than what they desired , the message is : brussels is to blame . 
  it has been this way for over 20 years . 
  these messages stick with people , and that 's deadly for europe . 
  oh how i admire reporters skill to take few words out of context and make that a quoted headline . 
  it 's almost as if they are deliberately trying to mislead readers . 
  but surely , that ca n't be the case . 
  he might have thought so , but he ca n't . 
  during his time in the government , his party 's support has decreased from 18 % to 8 % . 
  and the trend is still down . 
  i ca n't eat popcorn anymore . 
  too much is too much . 
  what else is on ? 
  they should really move on with article 50 . 
  the more they wait , the more brits will die . 
  quite irresponsible from government really . 
  i hate to admit this , but this is one of those issues i 've not studied enough . 
  which is kind of unforgivable , because i 'm supposed to be a professional in this field . 
  when big content provides like netflix are gaining more momentum they are pushing more and more traffic to net , that will have an effect on transfer capacity and cost . 
  it 's easy to point a finger on facebook or google , and claim they are the big bad nasty ones , but the reality is , someone else than your isp is always paying the bill . 
  based on pure feeling , i 'm a big supporter of net neutrality , but that 's just because of that . 
  feeling . 
  one of the many issues i 'm not informed or studied enough , to make a rational decision . 
  neutral or neutrality sounds nice . 
  that 's probably why those terms were selected . 
  i 'll go for those for sure . 
  but how much will that cost for me ? 
  i think i might agree with you on the goodwill part . 
  let me throw in one speculative viewpoint . 
  at this stage the economical uncertainty does not effect that much other countries within eu . 
  however , risk for effects to other countries increases the longer this uncertain economical situation continues . 
  there are countries in eu that only just have started to climb out of recession started in 2008 and are still in a quite bad economical state . 
  economical uncertainity might cause that positive economical development to stop , or even reverse . 
  if that happens , i would not be surprised if the attitude of those countries towards uk changes , as far as exit negotiations are concerned . 
  but as i mentioned , just a speculation . 
  one among many . 
  edit : typos . 
  at least some of those . 
  and eu naturally . 
  i spent hours trying to click that red button . 
  it was like watching my cat trying to catch the red dot of a laser pointer . 
  and i do n't even have a cat . 
  not just vodka . 
  we do n't discriminate . 
  we drink anything that has alcohol in it . 
  just look around for old episodes of the fast show , and you 'll be fine . 
  australia is practising and marketing - sbs licensed the format from ebu and is making asia-pacific version of the contest . 
  esc is not just european but european broadcasting area contest . 
  that area includes quite a few [ countries outside europe ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/03/european_broadcasting_area.png/300px-european_broadcasting_area.png ) . 
  not australia though . 
  importance is arguable , but a few from different fields : aiv fodder molotov cocktail linux wife carrying contest, 
  the fis nordic world ski championships happened in lahti , finland . 
  today is the last day of the event . 
  worth mentioning , that this is the 7th time lahti is hosting the event since 1925 . 
  92 years old olympic champion siiri rantanen skied a lap of honor in the event as well . 
  here she is [ accompanied by our president . 
  ] ( http://images.cdn.yle.fi/image/upload//w_1200,h_800,q_70/13-3-9489181.jpg ) http://www.lahti2017.fi/en [ results : medals ] ( https://data.fis-ski.com/lahti2017/medals.html ) edit : links updated, 
  i feel guilty now . 
  unless surfing the web counts as exercise .
