wait . . an airsoft ar ?!, 
  lol, 
  not everyone want 's to stay at a youth hostel . 
  challenge accepted . 
  truth . 
  step 3 : profit . 
  mmmmmm pastries . 
  putin his peter in sweden ? 
  i 'll show myself out . 
  because it 's the most fascist ? 
  i just came back from norway actually . 
  i drove out an hour away from tromso to photograph the northern lights . 
  i found a pull-off , trekked down a steep hill in knee high snow and set up on some rocks by the sea . 
  not 15 mins later a dutch guy that apparently lives 30 mins away from me found my spot and set up next to me . 
  small world i guess . . 
  brutal . 
  agent smith , is that you ? 
  selling selfie sticks and laser pointers is n't a job ? 
  this is cool . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  the best type of correct . 
  humans . 
  so if i ever fly from ams to cdg and something goes wrong . . it will be a cluster fuck ? 
  damn , that 's a good comeback . 
  it 's a shame harvard is hosting this website . 
  have you taken their test ? 
  try it for yourself . 
  it 's a bullshit memory reflex test . 
  first they have you associate white = good , black = bad . 
  when you see a picture of a white person you hit one key on your keyboard as fast as you can react , same with a black person . 
  then they switch it around after a dozen times . 
  i 'm surprised no one has made a spoof of this `` test '' yet . 
  apples = good , oranges = bad to start and see how that goes . 
  yeah , i read . 
  i held off on buying the stellaris expensions because of their silly price schemes . 
  is europa playable without dlcs ? 
  as insults or well wishes ? 
  i do n't want a nail in my tire or a broken neck . 
   dutch politicians every politician ftfy, 
  i need to get that game . 
  this . 
  stop redditing and get back to work !, 
  til, 
  does n't look like anything to me comrade . 
  wait ... 
  i 've played this video game before ... 
  r/sweatypalms /, 
  better buy seashell stocks while you can . 
  i think there 's a difference in consumer mindset too . 
  going to lidl and buying your staple items , then going to another store to buy what they do n't sell vs going to one store that sells everything ( target/wal-mart ) . 
  personally , i 'd rather go to a larger store and get everything i need in one go and pay a little more rather than waste my time going from one place to another . 
  me too . 
  hello fellow savage . 
  i 'm very sorry . 
  looks like a motel . . 
  `` did you turn it off and on again ? '', 
  like the captain ? 
  `` i 'm sorry we do n't have tap water . '', 
  there 's a man that makes clogs by hand in delft 's city center ( mostly for tourist ) on the weekends . 
  interesting to watch . 
  [ meanwhile , in greenville , nc ] ( https://greenvillejournal.com/2017/04/24/science-supporters-flying-spaghetti-monster-rally-downtown-greenville ), 
  $ 2.50 for a 200ml ( 6.7 oz ) bottle of coke/water takes its toll . 
  sounds like canada or greenland can make a truck full of money on connecting flights . 
  beat me to it . 
  $ 100 bill , that 's cute . 
  that 's some powerful space wizardry harry . 
  - captain picard, 
  it 's british pounds then ... said no one ever . 
  if it fits , it sits . 
  you think you 're some kind of jedi , waving your hand around like that ? 
  united states presidential election , best comedy 2016, 
  hello fellow seattleite !, 
  you only need to go into the suburbs to see it . 
  i think our driving culture and how spread out everything is has a large role in it too . 
  also , for people unaware of its existence ... peopleofwalmart.com, 
  i lost 7kg after moving to europe in only 3 months . 
  i did n't change my eating habits . 
  it was just from the lack of sugar and shit in everything . 
  i 'm not sure how i feel about this but i 'm curious to try it now . 
  i can look into a dutch crowd and pick out 1 in 50 people that may be obese . 
  if i do the same in the us , it 's 1 in 3 . 
  wait , what ? 
   out and about answered my own riddle there . 
  those stats are surprising considering i rarely see obese people out and about . 
  that 's a bingo !, 
  tbh i pay for hbo , netflix , amazon , spotify . . but it 's so much more convent to load up kodi and stream it . 
  so am i stealing game of throwns if i pay for hbo ? 
  i think i 'm just getting it delivered in a more efficient way via pirates than the multi-billion dollar corporations can provide . 
  12 colonies of kobol . 
   creative profanity the new standard of art . 
  i 'd watch it . 
  i do n't think i 'd pay for it though . . 
  first thing i thought !, 
   canadian man who ran an unlicensed circumcision service from his cabin in the woods . 
  sounds reasonable to me . 
  the cake is a lie . 
  so elegant . 
  in america we just say , `` go fuck yourself '' . 
  til . 
  i thought this was just a shit post and the store was doing maintenance on the aisle or something .
