i can see you come from some sort of giant spaceship . 
  what are your plans for when you become dictator ? 
  do any swedes know what in the world is going on in v\u00e4sternorrland + j\u00e4mtland ? 
  that would be the area i would least expect to have a dense crime rate . 
  denser than sk\u00e5ne and the big city regions . 
  `` do n't thank me !, 
  thank ... 
  the knife ! '', 
  i 'm a far left socialist who used to hold the views you describe but i 'm beginning to change my mind . 
  today we have a global economy ruled by the global finance capital and it 's becoming more and more obvious that individual nations are completely powerless in the face of this development . 
  there is a reason why neoliberal politics have been referred to as `` the only alternative '' and why social democrats and the right are today equally neoliberal . 
  it 's because if any individual nation decided to stear in a leftist direction for real and not only as rhetoric , then the global capital would simply say `` i 'm outta here '' , leaving that country in depression . 
  in order for the people to have democratic controll over the economy it 's crucial that we form super states . 
  the european single market is the largest economy on earth , so it 's natural that if we were to change the european economic policies then we could change the world . 
  i approve in theory , but only after kurdistan gets a vote on independence and they recognize the armenian genocide . 
  in swedish it 's an umbrella term for any kind of service provided by the public sector . 
  schools for example . 
  if you see a person drowning in front of you , do n't you have a responsibility to help him/her ? 
  would you simply say that `` i did n't cause you to drown so i 'm just going to leave you to it '' ? 
  i do n't think welfare means the same in english as it does in swedish ( v\u00e4lf\u00e4rd ) ... 
  do n't you agree that we have a responsibility to do what is morally just ? 
  what else could the word `` responsibility '' mean ? 
  so we just let them die ... 
  alternative 7 is a red-green coalition with active or passive support from a potential ninth party : feminist initiative . 
  those sites were interesting for making comparisons !, 
  i may be mistaken but i was under the impression that s&d and epp work as a `` grand coalition '' and that they vote very similarly on most issues . 
  they both fall under the `` eu friendly '' bloc at least . 
  although i find it funny that the s&d pretends to be in opposition , i upvoted this because i think it 's really important that europeans should learn more about the alternatives they 're voting for and what 's at stake in this election . 
  i disagree . 
  sure , we do n't have a stable majority at the moment but many countries are a lot worse of . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  people make measles religious . 
  i think it 's perfectly possible to have a regional identity rather than an ethnic one . 
  in fact , to me it makes a lot more sense for a region to push for self determination than for an ethnicity to do so since a state is usually tied to a territory . 
  whereas ethnicities may base their nationalism on fuzzy ideas of a common `` folk soul '' , it 's not uncommon for regions to base their claims on very concrete issues in which their interests clash with those of the centralized state . 
  i know this coming from the north of sweden . 
  ethnically i 'm a swede but i often feel that my region is being neglected . 
  in some senses i would feel more connected to my next door immigrant neighbour than i would to someone living in central stockholm . 
  more unstable coalitions have worked in the past . 
  it 's all about compromise , as politics should be . 
  that 's one way of looking at it . 
  in sweden we 've done perfectly fine without a senate since 1971 . 
  it was the two chamber system that allowed the social democratic party to stay in power contiuously for close to fourty years until 1971 because even though they lost some of the direct elections to one of the houses , they always won the more rare and indirect elections to the other one . 
  senates often tend to make democracy less direct and less proportional to the electorate at any given time . 
  but if it works in australia ... 
  i 've always thouht upper houses are very unnecessary unless you have a strong history of federalism . 
  all they do is to slow the process down . 
  ironically , the uk * does * have a tendency towards federalism and yet their upper house makes no use for it . 
  it 's just a remnant of feudalism . 
  breivik , is that you ? 
  for the moment , i 'm far more worried about the people who speak about a takeover by a cultural marxist elite who conspire with islamists and queer theorists to turn europe into a feminist soviet union under shariah law . 
  i love having lots of different cultures and opinions in my country . 
  it makes things a lot more exciting . 
  i would n't say sweden is fucked , it 's one of the most stable nations in europe . 
  99.9 % of protests accomplish nothing by themselves . 
  it 's an accumulative process . 
  the ones that accomplish the most are the ones that get attention and spark a debate . 
  it 's very common where i live in northern sweden . 
  my family comes from rural areas ( inlandet ) and we have surstr\u00f6mming-get togethers each year . 
  representative democracy is predicated on the population being able to choose people who will represent their opinions in the decision making process . 
  if i vote for the `` kill the wolves party '' believing hunting wolves to be the single most important issue , and i thereby send a member of this party to represent my opinions on said issue , and this member of the riksdag then has a change of heart and turns against wolf hunting , that would be less democratic than if the party forced him to vote the way the voters would have wanted . 
  in the first case the voters would have been robbed of their say on the matter , in the second case their voice would be heard . 
  that 's what representative democracy is all about . 
  on the other hand , if the member of riksdag in question was elected in a personal election on a personal platform then i would be perfectly fine with it . 
  i do n't think this is undemocratic . 
  in sweden we vote for a party on the first hand and a person on the second hand . 
  if i vote for ` party x ' and do n't select one of the candidates on the list , i would be dissapointed if the x-candidate elected from my constituency did n't vote according to the line of the party i voted for . 
  most members of the riksdag are n't elected on personal mandates and my experience tells me swedes do n't care all that much about the individual members and more about their parties . 
  seriously though , the idea that `` sk\u00e5nska '' is eastern danish is something many swedes would jokingly agree to but linguistically it 's not the least bit true . 
  i 'm surprised to see this map indicating this . 
  allthough we have had minority governments most of the 20th and 21st centuries, 
  not necessarily . 
  socialism is collective ownership of means of production . 
  communism is a classless , stateless society , hypothesized by some , but not all , marxists to be a result of socialism . 
  except that all the stockholmare , sk\u00e5ningar and danskj\u00e4vlar will move to norrland . 
  we just do n't have space !, 
  i could see why the terminology could be confusing for an american . 
  in sweden `` republican '' simply means someone who is in favour of abolishing the monarchy , in northern ireland it means wanting to secede from the uk , in france it has more to do with the values of the french revolution . 
  it 's basically a way of viewing how society should be organized , rooted in enlightenment thinking . 
  in the us , members of the democratic party are ideologically republicans and members och the republican party are ideologically democrats . 
   lowered the amount of rebellions in sweden . 
  that comes with lowered amount of decapitations of swedish nobility . 
  swedish nazis are just as anti-islamic as they are antisemitic . 
  they basically believe that it 's the jews who `` opened the gates '' for the muslims in order to disintegrate the european race and the european culture . 
  you can see why no one takes them seriously . 
  in sweden it 's the `` swedish resistance movement '' . 
  an extraparliamentary nazi combat organization who want to create a pannordic national socialist republic ( with norway , denmark and finland ) . 
  they do all the regular nazi things you would expect : talk about jewish conspiracy , honor fallen ss-soldiers , fight with communists and anarchists etc. 
  they march together , wearing shields with runes on them . 
  why is spain so empty ? 
  that sounds very profound . 
  thank you for bringing attention to this . 
  this issue is not mentioned nearly enough . 
  uh , that 's an interesting name for the anti-fascist protective wall . 
  he 's a philosopher and unusually entertaining to listen to ( for a philosopher , which is not a high bar ) . 
  i agree with him on some things , disagree on others , but i mostly listen to him because i think it 's enjoyable . 
  for all your faults . 
  i 'm gon na miss you uk , it wo n't be the same without you . 
  there are already married catholic priests . 
  typically a male married lutheran priest who converts to catholicism is allowed to keep his wife and become a catholic priest , he just needs a special dispensation from the pope , which is not hard to get .
