do n't worry , we love all our neighbours . 
  if we had to rank them they would all just be a few points apart . 
  czech or poland might be last though because of far-right party propaganda about eastern europeans stealing our jobs . 
  wrong !, 
  d\u00f6ner and d\u00f6ner kebap is the same thing . 
  it just means spinning meat . 
  hey !, 
  it 's not only our fault !, 
  let 's blame it on old people . 
  in german you could also say ungl\u00fccksvogel but it 's basically never used, 
  so , uralic ? 
  well i guess the idiom in question might be borrowed from swedish or norwegian then, 
  same in german !, 
  is finnish considered a germanic language ? 
  i 've counted several times now ; either i 'm retarded or it 's 15 european countries in the top 20, 
  good to hear . 
  do that , i think the personal development while travelling is way underrated . 
  wow , i was a bit excited for a second there , even though i do n't know why it would be shit europeans say , i 'm not even european . 
  nation states and rim-jobbing the us still dominate our system  / (, 
  yes , people are different . 
  i rather live ascetic and then spend all the money i saved on travelling . 
  i just checked flights to tokyo and back on skyscanner . 
  there are a lot of flights for 500-600 $ ( so around 450 # ) with decent airlines like qatar , emirates and etihad . 
  edit : starting at 600 $ from the uk . 
  yes , i think by fucked up i actually meant sometimes i forget how privileged we are here . 
  i do n't even earn money yet and get enough from the state to travel the world . 
  i do n't know , but i 've flown there 5 times in the last 2 years and i always paid around 500 $ for the round-trip , booked them about a month in advance . . and 500 $ is just enough for a month of travelling there . 
  that 's how i got to 1000 $ or 800 # a reason might be that etihad 's and emirates ' central hubs are basically directly on the way . 
  wow , i hope you are still happy . 
  sometimes i forget ~ ~ how fucked up england is . . ~ ~ how privileged we are here . 
  i 'm still studying but i get enough to travel . 
  if you can save like 800 # you can have a 4 week vacation in southeast asia . 
  including flights . 
  no country here would be willing to give up this much sovereignty, 
  what i said is the imperative . 
  `` stehen bleiben '' is the literal equivalent to `` stay standing '' but actually you can still yell `` stehen bleiben ! '', 
  and it 's also correct because it can also mean `` stand still ! '' . 
  german is weird . 
  if someone would yell achtung to me i would probably think that i 'm about to get hit by a car/bicycle/ton of bricks or something . 
  which is why i would tend to not like it , if it turns out it was just a funny british tourist . 
  too much stress . 
  even though google does that for you , you might still want to make big chart to show related data and such on your own . 
  i get your point but i do n't think it 's rigged . 
  a properly conducted survey just takes some time to analyze , why that would exceed 14 days is beyond me though . 
  i 'd think they are just making the results look nice . 
  making graphs , maps and maybe interpreting some data ? 
  a short update would be nice though . 
  aschebescher is the best mod , basically because of his nickname . 
  [ oh shit :( ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m799ortnei1rx6ay1o1_500.gif ), 
  i fear that will pretty much sum up eu - us relations in some years . 
  it did n't end , check your prison rates . 
  i do speak some vietnamese so i hope i could have figured that out . 
  i just remembered they do n't like black and chinese people too much though . 
  it 's only a personal view but i lived in vietnam and people from neighbourhoods where you do n't encounter a lot of foreigners are excited about having a `` white '' person around . 
  it 's franconian , 
  not exactly , it 's german though !, 
  who do you fight for when literally all your options are shit ? 
  hey little finland !, 
  because us produced stuff has their own category . 
  not do discredit anything here i love demonstrations like this but if you divide 600 km by 2 000 000 people you get 30cm per person , that seems rather short . 
  but that 's them , not us . 
  central kadik\u00f6y is exactly where i live , will do !, 
  question to people from istanbul : where would one go to join celebrations ? 
  live results in english from cihan news agency and anadolu agency : http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/election/default.html, 
  i 'll allow it all the way to vorsitzender . 
  * woooosh *, 
  it 's not so much about the ecb itself as an institution or as a building or whatever . 
  they are demonstrating because many countries in europe are going to shit . 
  austerity , dwindling middleclasses , rising income inequalities etc. 
  they just took the opportunity of this symbolism . 
  regarding the fine : i think there are maximum fines but in general they are supposed to hurt equally according to the income of the offender, 
  in that case , ** maybe ** . 
  regarding the rest , everyone else accepted the ` unfair ' treatment without needing exceptions everywhere . 
  idky , you said yeah that wont happen so i said no it will happen, 
  no it will happen, 
  it appears fairly wise because the uk is allowed to reap the benefits of the euro and the schengen-zone . 
  goods do n't matter here , what will hurt you is the finance sector shifting to the mainland , at least for intra-european transactions . 
  we 're just tired of you guys crying for special snowflake treatment all the time . 
  thats not what i meant by homogenous , do n't you think that there is a set of underlying human values we all share if not led to do otherwise ? 
  well , but do you really think islam itself is the problem ? 
  some countries have very carefully utilised it for hundreds of years and it never had the enlightenment christianity needed in order to stop killing everyone else . 
  the problem in this case is , just like it was for christianity , a criminal institution . 
  at the time of the crusades and witch burning it was the church exploiting christianity for power and now it is is exploiting islam for power . 
  if you say islam is the problem you might as well say christianity was the problem . 
  is and sa and whoever you want to include here are the problem , not the religion itself , although it needs to be updated big time in some areas . 
  why is it going to be ? 
  it 's not like people have no influence on it . 
  a forced process could result in your scenario i guess but i am positive that a natural process without global bloodshed is possible , but time consuming . 
  well , that is very shortsighted though . 
  if human nature is to form homogenous societies , why would we stop being willing to do so on a global level ? 
  given enough time and progress . 
  and no , i wo n't ` just look at islam ' since it is not the problem , the problem are organizations run by humans , that aim at exploiting a religion for harm and an empire because it is apparantly easy to do so , happened to all religions . 
  no i do n't think so . 
  it is n't like this in the big cities anymore ( and that 's nice ! ), 
  and it will change in the future , since global travel becomes more and more affordable . 
  to me that 's definitely where we are headed , a global culture . 
  if mankind gets its act together . 
  it fits in your world view as well not only mine , a global homogenous culture that does n't stop at continent but at planet . 
  well , i meant a platform to organize the following idea . 
  she went leftist on one issue and the electorate authorized her to and i do like her a little bit more since she is standing tall for once .
