  personally not a fan of conservatives , imo what we need is a progressive party in the middle that replaces the spd but that is obviously wishful thinking . 
  ugh . . where do i begin ? 
  first , would like to say that cultures have mingled all the time , transport was the main limitation , not unwillingness . 
  second i would like to back this with some personal experience . 
  i 've lived for half a year in turkey and a year in vietnam and travelled to many countries for 1 month + and not once have i not encountered basic human decency all around . 
  i do n't want to say that i did n't see any bad things or did n't have any bad experiences but overall the biggest chunk of people are the same . 
  friendly , interested , open minded , welcoming , ... 
  i do n't know if i could bear that burden !, 
  and the chairwoman is a slightly conservative christian . 
  they really brought the loss of votes on themselves as well . 
  i am ashamed of my country 's society . 
  i wish there was some kind of platform for the normal people in the middle of the polarization that is going on . 
  there should be peaceful mass gatherings of all kinds of cultures that just hang out together , maybe make some foods , just normal stuff all humans do . 
  it can also be a geographic identifier for the peninsula and it 's not the first time i see finns complain about being thrown together with other nordic countries under that identifier . 
  / / edit : [ fennoscandia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fennoscandia ) and a [ map with scandinavia and fennoscandia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scandinavian_peninsula#/media/file:fennoscandia.png ), 
  what 's the problem with that bus stop ? 
  well they do n't uphold anything after a tiny amount of alcohol that then usually increases exponentially over the course of the night . 
  that 's my experience after being there for a few months . 
  it 's like alcohol is their gateway to let go of those social norms . 
  well , i meant the classical beginning of the age of enlightenment . 
  you are right as a society the west achieved the most in the last 50 years , regarding letting go of religion . 
  300 years since enlightenment, 
  luckily we have more weapons to send lying around !, 
  he 'll do it if enough money is thrown at him , he 's a business man after all . 
  nobody even knows izmir, 
  yeah also that none time i went to denmark, 
  we germans just go to the supermarket . 
  jeez , nordics are getting out of touch with all their fancy travelling, 
  would n't , because i do n't think a case like this is specific to the uk . 
  of course it is outraging though but that 's uk politics and thats only like 50/50 sarcasm . 
  i 'm quite pleased with germany 's progress , every 2nd german does not believe in any god according to eurobarometer . 
  34 % are officially undenominational , so if they had any club like christians it would be the biggest . 
  same here , free toilets are dirty and actually all around . 
  it 's about time for humanity to overcome the stupid stupid idea of religion . 
  we even know that we know better but suffer from cognitive dissonance and are too afraid to upset anyone . 
  you should look up the definition for symbol !, 
  i will do it for you as i am not sure you can : * `` a symbol is an object or a concept that represents , stands for or suggests another idea , visual image , belief , action or material entity . 
  '' * we learn about the atrocities committed under these symbols and are thus reminded by common sense that killing like a lot of people is not cool . 
  publicly showing support for genocide is not necessary and we want to make sure that the symbols represent facts and not neo nazi brainwashing narrative . 
  it 's not like these symbols are just gone . 
  they are allowed for all kinds of teaching purposes , art ( including games , movies , etc ) and probably more . 
  to think i live peacefully only 20 minutes from your poopy country !, 
  but it 's not the capital, 
  turks are * very * cleanly, 
  well , the article says * your * kitchen, 
   sorry about that . 
  should n't have swung the colonization club . 
  it 's like pulling the nazi card on us to troll . 
  all countries have a horrible histories whether they admit it or not . 
  civil lawdida i think we have that well covered in central , western and northern europe . 
  but yeah having that share in london is probably better than in new york . 
  let 's think about good things that could be !, 
  a trifecta of the uk , france and germany !, 
  finance , awesome culture and social eu backbone and production unified  now that 's a powerhouse that could pull the rest of the eu out of the swamp with political unification . 
  but mimimi if we give up power to the eu we wo n't be re-elected so lets do some short term bs that looks good . 
  hmm , this could be read like i meant the uk is saying that but i mean all members . 
  hm , but why is it good for the eu to keep finance so centralized ? 
  and the regulations apply to all countries . 
  i know that a scenario around decentralizing finance would hit the uks economy hard but in the end it 's a mutated remnant of colonization times , no ? 
  please do n't take this personally or as speaking from any kind of moral high ground . 
  i know this and i just like aggressive statements when something pisses me off , would n't have reacted differently if it was in germany . 
  about the banking i 'm still not sure maybe you picked a bad example . 
  but i for one am very happy as long as the moneylaundring lying shitshow that calls itself hsbc stays out . 
  on the rest we pretty much agree that the eu ** could ** be nicer . 
  but i 'm happy about any step anywhere that has any chance of people and politics being less nationalistic . 
  tories mainly, 
  first of all let me preface this with : fuck the tories and i actually like the uk , maybe not its politics . 
   ah yes , the system that expects homeless people who 've fallen off the grid to pay back their insurance costs for all the years they 've been without it since it 's against the law to be uninsured , thus excluding them from the system . 
  also the country that is just as concerned about preventing eu migrants from claiming its precious benefits as the uk is . 
  the country that shits itself over clean nuclear energy and would prefer to burn coal . 
  the country where every single city is full to the brim with pensioners out rifling through bins for the pfandflaschen to supplement their meagre pensions while fighting off the legitimately homeless . 
  ah , the plight of the homeless , low blow !, 
  there are 335.000 homeless people in germany , including illegal migrants without a home ( as of 2014 , numbers surely exploded a bit ) . 
  i think that 's pretty okay , however i could n't find any good numbers for the uk and they could well be lower , even in percentage i wo n't argue against that . 
  but that 's such a small part and not even directly related to our healthcare that i think would be quite fair if the health insurance companies would n't increase various prices all the time despite massive profits . 
  regarding the coal energy , they are kept in reserve to start working if there is n't enough power , so they are more for energy security than production to meet demand . 
  it 's still ridiculous though because our government gives the energy groups ludicrous amounts of money to do so . 
   seriously , germany is no better or more left wing than the uk . 
  only difference between merkel and cameron is that merkel leans more towards neo-liberalism similar to how blair did , and cameron is more a neo-conservative . 
  the german political atmosphere is one of pure hypocrisy . 
  they smugly berate the uk for not being as pro-eu as german when germany has the lions share of power within the eu due to its alliance with france . 
  of course the uk does n't want to extend eu powers when it 's a banking economy and the german banks are so shit scared of anything they have to form cartels that disadvantage foreign finance and every bank on every street is german . 
  oh do n't even get me started on germany 's smug criticism of other countries foreign policies , had germany not been flattened by war within the living memory i 'm sure they 'd be in iraq , afghanistan and syria along with the uk / france . 
  i know that , i do n't like our conservative government at all . 
  i 'm a big fan of the eu as well and i think it 's actually fair to have countries represented by numbers . 
  germany 's population declined by 2 million over the last few years , this will continue and our seats will change accordingly . 
  it is in my opinion also the main reason why turkey was never seriously considered for the eu ( 75 million citizens ) . 
  regarding the secret alliance between france and germany i wo n't say anything . 
  just because of similar interests there does n't have to be a conspiracy , it 's how the eu was designed and agreed to . 
  i do n't know anything about the banking stuff but it sounds way dramatized . 
  why ca n't winners learn from wars as well ? 
   germans are just as selfish , just as heartless , and just as self-interested as anywhere in europe , they just do it with a smug sense of moral self-righteous thrown in which is frankly disgusting . 
  i 've lived in both countries and the difference is virtually nada , the only difference the germans are more concerned about eating bio , and getting a green certificate for their energy than others who at least more open about their primary interest in money . 
  agree !, 
  a bit generalized , we do like individuality as well . 
   i 'm very pro eu , and the reason is because need to form a counter to german political power in the eu and stop the eu turning into greater germany . 
  you are not very pro eu if you do n't like how it 's supposed to work . 
  if you mean by pro eu it 's vision of a unified europe as a political union then we can agree . 
  but it 's never going to happen with silly power struggles all over instead of working together towards a longterm goal . 
  nah , we need the wall or their politicians might try to escape .
