  ataturk kind was the exeption but the genocides that happened back then make this period the worst and the most shameful of turkey 's history . 
  a country born on 3 genocides can not expect a bright future . 
  what would make more sense are `` megapolis '' gdp . 
  like benelux - bavaria - milan - catalonia etc. 
   i wonder what makes france 's economy so concentrated in paris and germany 's so diffuse across several peer cities ? 
  history . 
   dublin does not have the concentration of professional services and financial services expertise and does not really have a chance of getting them . 
  why not ? 
  how hard it is to outsource several thousands of high-income banksters ? 
  you are full of confidence but you fail to mention a single thing that london has that can not be moved anywhere else on the continent . 
   global language , soft power , strong democracy and rule of law , diplomatic and trading relations around the globe . 
  everybody speak english at least in its own business area . 
  it 's so common now that some companies doing internationnal business need you to speak at least another one in order to work . 
  there was that company in london , run by frenchs , explaining that they would only hire german , dutch and italian , in london , as speacking english did n't bring anything special . 
  soft-power ? 
  you 're confusing the american one with the british one . 
  besides rock & rolll , football & holligans , tea & buiscuit what is there to it ? 
  and how is it relevent here anywhere ? 
  strong democracy and rules of laws . 
  well , that 's pretty much everywhere in europe and becoming more and more the norm all around the world . 
  and considering the brexit vote , it 's a very unreliable democracy to say the least . 
   trading relations around the globe yeah , under eu 's laws for the last 40 years . 
  you claim that your country is going for fta all around the planet yet it left the biggest ( in population ) free-trade area in the world . 
  one of the three biggest market in the world , with the usa and china . 
  let 's see , on one hand the eu , 27 countries whose 's economy have been merged and are doing fta [ with a good chunk of the world ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements#/media/file:eu_ftas.svg ) , more being negociated each days . 
  canada was just signed , japan is next . 
  on the other : the uk . 
  alone , not a single fta in sight . 
  but hey , maybe you 'll catch up with the eu by 2050 or something , if you haul ass . 
  it 's going to be interesting to follow each deal ... india already warned that it wanted the uk to open its border to their migrants for it to happens . 
  in the end you might just trade poles for indians . 
  well , i do n't need to work for a bank to understand that without banking passport , london will be less attractive than it used to . 
  heck , it will completly reshape the european financial sector , leaving london out of it . 
  now maybe you can enlight me and explain me why dublin could n't become european 's next banking hub if you 're so aware on the subject . 
   well , uk has other things too like what ? 
  what has the uk besides the city ? 
  agriculture and industry are in a bad shape , productivity and r&d are very low in the uk . 
   i personally think that the uk will push free trade harder outside the eu and this will cause us to get richer . 
  with who ? 
  tarrifs are already super-low with the usa . 
  canada and australia are pretty much the same , fta with them would n't be a game changer for the uk . 
  india said they wo n't do any free-trade agreement unless the uk change its migration quotas agains ' t indians which is unlikely to happens . 
  china would probably love it tho . 
  who else ? 
  japan ? 
  what make you think they want fta deals with you to beguin with ? 
  and if they happens , they are just going to outsource what was left from britain 's industry and agriculture , there 's no way the uk can compete with any of those huge nations with billateral free-trade agreements . 
  that was the whole purpose of the eu btw . 
  make advantageous trade deal , being 500 millions heavy , that are n't `` free-trade '' everything , protecting keys sectors like agriculture , steel , car production or services . 
  idk what full-service means , what i know is that the uk will lose freedom of services trades they used to have in europe . 
  now idk what 's so great about london besides being a hub , but post-brexit it will be the only trade place in europe with limitation . 
  most of the banks seam to have chosen dublin for their new eu 's hq . 
   they all seem to manage . 
  canada is in a huge free-trade market with nafta , singapore is a tax haven and new zealand has barely 5 millions people and some greats assets ( agricultures , tourism ) . 
  the uk ca n't compare itself to any of these nations . 
  anyways i thought the purpose was to do better , not `` to manage '' . 
  but if the idea is `` to manage '' i 'm pretty sure the uk will do fine . 
  some might `` manage '' a lot better than others tho , nothing new in the uk , equity and equality never been something the brits were looking after . 
  people are arguing whether the pound will drop and how it will affect the british economy when the brexit has n't even began . 
  the full extent of the brexit will be quantify in 2024 ... 5 years after the uk is actually out of the single market . 
  right now , nobody can say if the eu will survive 2017 's elections and/or if the brexit will be `` soft '' as peacefull with a trade deal on the work or `` hard '' with an outcast uk and a pissed off eu sueing them for 50 billions euros . 
  a 15 % lower pound ( from pre-referundum ) is probably good for uk 's industry while a 30 % drop is probably terrible . 
  banks do n't want to miss any opportunity and are betting on both odds , investing in london and outside . 
  at some point they will probably have to chose tho . 
  it does n't make sense to have 2 hqs in europe . 
  the only thing i do n't get from the brexiter point of view is how do they think their country will have better trade deals with anyone , by itself a rather small country of 65 millions people , as what the eu can get , a 500 million behemot . 
  they just wo n't . 
   we should kick them out ... or maybe turkey just need to let its eastern anatolia go , considering that it is populated mostly by kurds . 
  turks have nothing to do there , never did , never will . 
  and it 's too late for turks to go genocide again , like they did with armenians , assyrians and pontic greeks . 
  sooner or later , they 'll lose that ground to kurdistan . 
  barnier said it the best : if there is no trade deal , there will be queues of trucks in dover , simple as that . 
  everything will slow down and be more expensive . 
  50 % of their business is done with eu 's member but even more are just crossing the eu to get to them . 
  and france is probably going to change touquet 's treaty rules after its presidential , most candidates made it a point in their campaign . 
  you should cause as we french say , * il enfonce les portes ouvertes * captain ~ ~ obvious ~ ~ macron . 
  what is there else to say , after an attack , that we are all friends with the uk and wish for more cooperation ? 
   i want more european defense but i 'm a realist -- in coming years , there is little chance of making it effective the dude is n't even invested yet and he already plan to be a faillure ... how about no ? 
  why would anyone ask the uk to `` hand over '' anything regarding intelligence and spying ? 
  that 's pretty much the best thing your country do . 
  sharing information and cooperation agains ' t a common ennemy and threat , how can you be agains ' t something like that ? 
  does your hatred agains ' t the eu made you that blind already ? 
  you need to keep some anger for later cause you 're probably gon na need it . 
  do n't mix everything up , brexit is one thing , islamist terrorism is another . 
  for all we know , putin was n't aware that fillon was paid . 
  and considering the bad press that goes with it , it 's terrible for fillon . 
  fillon was putin best candidate , almost assured to win and is litteraly sinking because of press scandals . 
  i do n't see how can the ruskov be accused of anything right now , the most likely future president is n't pro-kremelin and very pro-brussels . 
   you do n't need to be a member of the eu to trade with eu member states i never made such a claim . 
  but thinking that the eu will just shallow a huge $ 50 billions fuck off from the uk and let the uk trade at wto tarrifs like any shady country is pretty naive . 
  without sanction , they can just shift a shitload of work outside the uk : - uk 's # 1 exports are cars : the eu has quotas agains ' t cars made outside the eu . 
  so , they can just ban them all together if they want to . 
  - uk 's # 2 exports are packaged medicament . 
  so idk how this business work , but i know that the european medecine agency is huge . 
  for europe and worldwide . 
  and it will move out of the uk after the brexit , probably in italy . 
  the eu wo n't have their agency and supply of medecine outside of the eu , it does n't make sense . 
  - uk 's # 4 exports are aircraft part . 
  some airbus 's engine for sure , maybe some part for esa . 
  the uk will probably be slowly removed from all those european joint business as all the eu 's countries are fighting to get those highly skilled jobs .
