  cheers !, 
  well , it 's democracy you ca n't really argue with that , most britishs do not feel european , period . 
  besides , britishs living in the eu will be able to keep doing so by paying a fee for their citizenship , which is kind of unfair so those country in the eu that do not belong to schengen tbh . 
  the purpose of the eu was never to be a huge single market for the british 's liberalism to prosper , even if that what 's it become , since the uk joined it . 
  now that it left , we 'll be able to add some politics that we desesperatly need , to protect ourself with a task force or to protect even more our social value . 
  stuff that the uk was vetoing for decades . 
  so yeah , it 's better for everyone really . 
  do whatever you want on your island , we 'll shape our continent as we please . 
  no minimum wages , no basic healthcare , no paid holidays , no worker protections , it 's basically far west in the usa and the uk is just following . 
  the uberisation of all the jobs and their ultra-liberalism is litterally sending them back a century backward . 
  we need to keep moving forward and put tarrifs tarrifs agains ' t this race to the bottom . 
  you want to romanize your country ? 
  fine do it , we 'll adjust the tarrifs . 
  sounds good . 
  it 's either that or 1 ) statu quo which leads to some country taking advantage on others with lower taxes and citizens protections which leads to nationnialism which lead to war . 
  considering how unreliable the usa have been lately and how backward the anglo-saxon world is socially , the eu needs to step up and take the lead , as much as possible ( ecology wise , socially wise , etc ) . 
  the only way to do it is to integrate each others as much as possible . 
  the united states of europe sounds great to me , 
  french username , french flair ... 
  i do n't know what would suit you better . 
  captain obvious or dr. watson . 
  what about captain watson ? 
  ( i can of like dr. 
  obvious tho , what do you think ? ), 
   we have the strongest military in europe not only you do n't , as you do n't have any aircraft carrier nor your own nuking program , but since we 're not part of the same union anymore , we should not rely on you on anything , specially military wise . 
  the eu needs to disengage nato and build its own task force . 
  something in parrallel of nato . 
  strong link to the us is kind of a cringe worthy argument . 
  nobody in europe needs the uk to speak to the usa . 
  that 's plain ridiculous . 
  unless your blackmailing the europe to sabotage it via the usa and that 's another story . 
  intelligence services is something we need to copy and counter . 
  we obviously should n't trust a country so keen on spying everyone and its own citizens . 
  the only bargaining chip that you have is start some kind of race to the bottom with taxes wars . 
  which would most likely trigger an answers from the eu . 
  long story short : the eu is 5 times or something , bigger than uk 's gdp so we do n't need you for anything really . 
  cooperation is fine but there 's nothing mandatory for the eu in the uk . 
  hooray !, 
  it 's the best thing that could happen to the eu , without the brits we 'll be able to move forward !, 
  uh huh , mister roastbeef , your country is n't producing anything anymore and it 's about to get worse as 1 ) it will lose eu 's market share 2 ) its productivity and r&d is n't on par with the rest of the world which leads to 3 ) if it manage to get free-trade deals with anyone it just wo n't be competitive agains ' t them . 
   just a matter of time and patience . 
  that 's all . 
  nope , time and patience wo n't do anything about that . 
  remove all worker protection , minimum wages , paid holidays , healthcare , free education and anything that cost money that would reduce the cost of labor and devaluate your pound \u00e0 la zimbabwe might help tho . 
  make uk 19th-century again !, 
  the picture is terrible ... looks like she 's signing the euthanasia of her dog or something . 
   why would it need to haul arse now of any other time because at some point , if your trade balance is too deep in the red your money is going to devaluate to the point where it lose its reserve statut . 
  that 's when people believe that your money worth shit and stop loaning you money with correct interest . 
  which means you 'll have to make all your deals in euros or dollars and wo n't be able to keep said deficit anymore . 
  actually it does . 
  the question is n't actually where you are going to export but what are you going to export . 
  - uk 's # 1th exports is gold , something the uk does n't produce nor something it include any added value . 
  - uk 's # 2th exports are cars , uk 's main car factory is owned by a co-owned franco-japanese brand which will be hit by tarrifs and quotas once the brexit kick in . 
  - uk 's # 3th exports are medecine , it has been said that the european medecine agency and medecine sold in the eu could n't be outside the eu . 
  - uk 's # 5th export are aircraft parts which will be probably collapse if airbus and esa pull off the uk . 
  the list goes on and on . 
  if you add a low level of productivity and r&d in the uk and the promise of free-trade with the world , it seams like the uk is completely abandoning its industry and agriculture to foreigns nations . 
  like their trains , gas and water supply i guess . 
  so ... what are you going to sell seams more important than to who really . 
  you better haul ass to `` diversify your trade networks '' because as it is , your not selling enough at all , in europe or anywhere . 
  the uk has the second worst trade balance in the world , worst in europe , by far . 
  [ almost 175 billions usd$ , annually ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) . 
  uk 's main export is ... gold . 
  makes you wonder . 
  70 years war-free for western europe , every single bunch of 3 dudes who claims to be a country get to veto everything because such is the eu , what a bunch of bully really . 
   but the uk is n't going to be desperate enough to concede a lot of money without any guarantee on an outcome , that 'd be politically problematic and frankly a bit silly . 
  they will actually . 
  that explain why they are so eager to include a trade deal in the negociation because as soon as they are out of the eu , each and anyone of the parliament can veto whatever is worked on . 
  in other word : for the eu as a whole , we should better have an `` hard brexit '' without anything related to trades as it will put us with a better hand once they are out . 
  the most likely scenario is that the eu propose them a transitionnal trade deal : pay what you owe and we 'll let you access to some of the eu goodies untill the real talk begins . 
  which will be done once the uk is out and weaker . 
  they started this mess , it will be costly for them . 
   we are negotiating on equal terms no you 're not . 
  it 's kind of amazing to have to explain this to you . 
  a bit like when theresa may claim that she will leads the world , * together * ( lmao ) with the usa . 
  delusions of grandeurs much . 
   the uk is n't going to take a deal that harms it your choice is cut your own left arm ( pay the bill and try to get a deal ) or shot yourself in the head ( no deal , being sued by the eu , tarrifs , quotas , probably sanctions : havoc in the uk ) . 
  nobody put you in that position , you did it all by yourself . 
   are unlikely to the point of being somewhat absurd as an idea well , if you let an empty bill of 50 billions , it 's not absurd to do anything possible to get them back . 
   i also seriously doubt the uk will be looking at joining the eu again any time soon , it simply would n't make a lot of sense . 
  you 're right about that . 
  but no matter what happens in the next 10 years , at some point , maybe in 15 years , the uk will want a trade deal and more . 
  time is on eu 's side , we can defenetly live without the uk for 10 years , let 's see how you do . 
  if you do fine , we 'll study you and if you tank , we have gmo-free popcorn at our disposal . 
  it 's not like they have a choice . 
  if they pay up and play nice , they will probably end up with a trade deal . 
  that ca n't be guaranteed tho , nor its content , as each country will have to green light it . 
  but they might and they desperately need it . 
  if they refuse to pay , the ue will sue them to get their money back and they are assured to have no deal whatsoever . 
  they might even get sanctions on top of the tarrifs . 
  in the end , it 's back to square one , we 're not negociating on equal terms , they tried to convince themself and others but their bluffs never worked outside their borders . 
  they want to burn bridge with 50 % of their business ? 
  fine , do it . 
  we 'll still be here in 10 years when they 'll come back crawling for a deal . 
  50 billions euros is a tenth of uk 's export annually . 
  it 's 20 % of their export with the eu , again , annually . 
  would you risk to lose everything , for an unlimited time , in order to protect 20 % for 1 year ? 
  that 's beyond stupid but they 're british , they might value their pride more than their well being . 
  china and the usa are doing exactly the same thing in their borders . 
  only a fool would open its market to worldwide competition without protecting some of its assets .
