what i meant is that considering how suriname is doing , guyane folks are n't after independence . 
   a calorie is a calorie no and this is exactly why they are pandemy of obesity and it is touching specially the poors and country with low regulations as the usa . 
  as the dude said in this video , honey has a lot of good stuff in it when it is replaced by sugar . 
  sugar is a calorie that contain no good nutrinents and therefore should be avoided . 
  everything you eat should have good nutrinent , vitamins , fibers etc. . . all the processed stuff do n't care about that , worse they usually bring insuline spike which lead to diabetes and others problems . 
  nobody said it had to be hostile . 
  just something along the line : `` you either put an end to guernesey special status that make it a tax haven or we will never agree any trade deal between you and the eu '' . 
  what you gon na do then ? 
  nothing , that 's what . 
  that 's the thing with agreements , they are optional . 
  we do n't have to agree to anything if we do n't want to . 
  times that 27 and you 'll understand why nobody will want to sign a trade deal before the 2 years are over . 
  once you 're out , each country will be able to cherry pick what it want from this deal . 
  touquet 's treaty is probably going to the crapper after french 's presidential too . 
  most candidates made a point to change it . 
  i do n't think it can even keep going on with the uk being outside the eu anyway . 
  an foreign country can not interffer with freedom of movement between europeans . 
  we may not have juridiction but we can block any trade deal between the uk and the eu forever . 
  nobody cares about who live there and what flag they have in front of their home . 
  being a banksters haven stealing the continent should n't be allowed tho . 
  the eu should use the brexit to put an end to all those shady micro-states , a few of which affiliated to the uk . 
  and yeah france have land in south america , in the indian ocean , in the caribeans . 
  like most other europeans countries . 
  and considering how suriname is doing , they 're not going to ask for independence anytime soon . 
  completly irrelevant here anyways . 
  how is it offensive ? 
  guernesey is litteraly 20km from cherbourg and is a fucking tax haven . 
  ofc france should put an end to this bs . 
  these people are crooks , period . 
  why should we do that ? 
  besides , it 's not used as a tax haven but as a launching ground for the european space agency . 
  guernesey and gibraltar are hurting the eu and we should use those negociation to put an end to their status . 
  gibraltar , because it is so important to control the mediteranean sea should belong in the eu anyways . 
  uk has no business to do there . 
  guernesey , should be french because it is so close to it but it does n't really matter . 
  its special status does tho . 
  spain will seek to get as much as possible from the brexit as it can , nothing wrong with that as everybody else is going to do the same , starting by the uk . 
  is it normal to have an `` english '' enclave in spain ? 
  no , specially since they are using it as a tax haven . 
  france should do the same with gernesay . 
  hehe i was tired , i knew i was wrong . 
  you said it will still be the european financial capital . 
  it might still be the biggest financial place but it wo n't be as important for the eu and defenetly not its ` financial capital ' . 
  most of london 's business is done with country that do not have big trading place , all around the world . 
  in africa , middle-east , south america etc. . . 
  this wo n't be affected by the brexit , if they can avoid the british pound . 
  but as far as the eu is concerned , the simple fact that some operation wo n't be doable in london will de facto greatly decrease its influence . 
  banks will use their eu 's hqs to do their eu 's operation , period . 
  yeah , right now . 
  once all the banks will have huge hqs all around europe , they probably wo n't have to use london as much . 
  working with london will involve more steps , more costs , will take longer : not good for business . 
  funny how the brits keeps saying that 's nothing everytime a bank announce to move a few hundreds jobs . 
  let 's just remind that each job is playing with a shit ton of money . 
  for exemple , when hsbc , london 's biggest bank decided to move 1000 jobs to paris due to the brexit , about 20 % of their business , it was said they were going to trade for several hundreds billions euros annualy and that would bring hundreds of millions of taxes to france . 
  if that 's nothing to you guys , send them as much as you want , every single city in the eu would love to accomodate those banksters . 
  how many billions pounds lost untill you start acknowledging that it is indeed costly and not `` nothing '' ? 
  because between the 15 % devaluation of the pound and the banks moving up to 20 % of their business on the continent , it adding up pretty fast . 
  i wonder if someone is keeping track . 
  as a city worker you should do that , count every cent gone since the brexit was voted and let us know . 
  actually most of the finance in london are n't about europe at all . 
  my guess is that most of the european finance in london will move to all those news banks hqs . 
  london will remains important but its influence on europe will drastically decrease . 
  the problem is that those people are most likely belges . 
  idk : - first , turks won their independence war and put an end to [ sevres 's treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_s%c3%a8vres ) which was supposed to give the kurds a country . 
  - secondly , there were dozens of different people in anatolia so it was n't easy and the ottoman 's empire was still that , an empire of many people . 
  whatever borders the european would have draw would have ended up as being call a mistake . 
  - and lastly , nobody thought that the turks were going to slaughters all their minorities . 
  3 genocides : armenians , assyrians , pontic greeks and now kurds . 
  the only nation who truelly knew what was happening is germany as they were ally . 
  proof were show by german not long ago . 
  we also know that it inspired the nazis . 
  the fucking horrors of their history , is their history . 
  they `` republic '' is born in a bloodbath . 
  if anything , frenchs and brits put an end to their madness , at least outside anatolia . 
   the attackers took refuge in the turkish consulate as tensions continue , firat news agency reported . 
  the victims were taken to hospital . 
  belgium is allowing this ? 
  that terrorists attack people on their soil and hide in an consulate ? 
  well they 've been saying it since day # 1 after the brexit was voted : you will not get access to the single-market unless you accept the 4 freedoms and pay your fee . 
  but your leaders kept saying bs all day long , claiming they would keep access , then they started to threaten the eu with tax wars and now security in order to get things their way . 
  i hope the eu will stay on its stance . 
  the uk is barely 7 % of eu 's business , we should go as far as complete embargo if you refuse to pay what you owe and keep threatening or trying to undermine the eu . 
  5 to 10 years of embargo should tender you up and make you realize your place in european 's affairs : important but optional . 
  let 's hope your government wo n't be stupid enough to get there for your own sake . 
   the thing is , there 's absolutely no reason for non-eu countries to give us ' a bad deal ' there is no such thing as a bad deal . 
  the eu protect its interest and will agree with anything that it seen beneficial for the block , period . 
  same thing for the uk . 
  but what the uk is asking , is too cherry pick what it want and pay as little as possible in the process . 
  have the cake and eat it . 
  this selfish behaviour is completly opposite of the whole idea behind the eu , which was for bigger economies to help smaller ones to create a huge area for mutual benefits . 
  we ca n't let anyone , specially a rich country , benefit from it without taking its share of the burden . 
  actually its even a threat to the very existance of the european project . 
  so , no , the uk wo n't have a free-trade deal , access to the single-market or banking passport . 
  the uk chose to leave the eu to live by itself and that 's what is going to happens . 
  wto tarrifs for starters and then maybe a few agreements on cars and a few other things , if and only if , the eu has interest to do so , which will be discussed by 27 states and will take quite a while . 
  yeah still losing the uk , [ hooray !, 
  remove the uk from europeans affairs for 12 billions annually , that 's a bargain . 
  besides , britishs living in the eu will make some of that up if the uk just do n't do it itself in order to keep some of the goodies . 
  besides , 12 billions euros is about 5 % of uk 's annual export to the eu ( [ roughly 200 billions ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/gbr/ ) ) and guess what , 5 % is also the average of wto tarrifs that the uk will be hit with , once out . 
  so all in all , what wo n't go to brussels will go straight to states .
