  in the end , they 're going to pay their membership for 10 more years , the exit bill , taxation without representation , in order to have that cheap trade deal . 
  the cherry on the cake would be to lure them to pay up , for 10 years , before someone refuse said deal . 
  which might very well happens , as all trade deals are unanimous or are not . 
  and as we saw , a simple wallon parliament can put an end to the whole thing . 
  whatever deal is proposed to them , it will cost them a shitload as 27 states will make demands for their approval . 
  they are going to witness , first class , what is the main advantage of being inside the eu : its bargaining power . 
  one by one , on billateral agreement , the uk would crush most european countries . 
  united , the tiniest states will have more voice than them . 
  `` but ... but ... we wo n't buy any more prosecco '' . 
  cooking = wasting time ? 
  what a time to be alive . 
  marks and spencers is outragously expensive in france , for stuff that defenetly does n't worth it . 
  how is it considered in the uk ? 
  idk , lidl in france has a lot of real brand . 
  not much choice but real brand , selling huge ammount of each thing and i find lidl stuff a lot better than french cheap brands ( leader-price / carrouf etc. ), 
  beggars ca n't be choosers ... that was the problem with the eu , we let too many tiny states think their will mattered as much as everybody else combined . 
  they gave a vetoing power to country accounting for less than 2 % of the whole eu ( such as estonia or ireland ) and that was a huge mistake and not democratic at all . 
  but with the geared europe , it 's about to change . 
  so , you 'll join each stage when you 're country is deemed ready for it and not a minute before . 
  and you will have to comply to everything , such as accept migrant and the like , you do n't get to cherry pick what you want in the bundle . 
  and there will be different bundles . 
  and if you 're not happy with that , feel free to remove yourself . 
  that 's fair for everyone . 
   do you mean membership of the single market ? 
   yep and everything that goes with it . 
   legally , we are n't required to pay the arbitrarily created bill . 
  it 's not arbitrarily as it is mostly uk 's share of programs that was signed before the brexit . 
  if you buy a house on credit and decide to leave it , you still have to pay the mortgage loan . 
  it was n't a rent . 
  same thing for the eu . 
  whatever the uk paid was n't a rent for its access that can just be stopped as pleased . 
  it 's either that or pensions of british mp 's . 
  anyways , barnier made it clear that if the uk refuse to pay , it will go to justice . 
  there 's no escape to this , one way or another , the uk will pay what it owe , the only question is how much and when . 
  and in the grand scheme of things , 50 billions euros is n't that much , it 's barely a tenth of the uk annual 's export . 
  it do not worth a trade war and being a complete outcast with the rest of the eu , which represent , right now , around 50 % of all your business . 
  pay it over 10 years , it will be about what you used to pay to the eu really . 
  the average jack wo n't even notice it . 
   they do n't believe in the uk , they believe in the eu . 
  if it their wish , theresa may should let them vote and accept the referundum . 
  whatever happened 3 years ago is irrelevant since the brexit and as you say , some seam to value more their membership in the union with 26 other european states than the one with london which was forced on them and which , to this day , forbid them to do as they please . 
  well depending who get elected in france and germany , the whole eu fest might be over soon , so you have to worry about brussels being unfair to your country anymore . 
  back to eating stones . 
   they are like the mental girlfriend who keeps threatening to leave if you do n't give her what she wants kinda like the uk with the eu for 40 years . 
  thatcher got everyone crazy on the continent and cameron 's last drama pissed off everyone and was quite sucessful . 
  in a way , the brit leaders got fuck 'd by their own mental girlfriend tactics . 
  they threatened to leave and bitch and moan in brussels so much that their plebs ended up by believing their bluffs . 
  it was never their intention to leave the single market tho . 
  and now they are fubar . 
  lmao . 
  first time i see a brit want to throw scotland out of your union ... why do you want that ? 
  that 's 5 % more for scotland 's referundum . 
   who gets to set the rules and the criteria ? 
  it should be the people who pay . 
  if you do n't agree , you can remove yourself from the whole thing . 
  the problem with eastern country was shown by poland . 
  the second they got access to freedom of movement , they invaded western europe with cheap workers . 
  it 's not only bad for said country , it 's also probably bad for their own country . 
  country without a certain level of development , should n't be granted movement of freedom , period . 
  it 's not xenophobia , it 's common sense . 
  the goal of the eu is to slowly but surely make an homogenous area , not for everyone to move to london or germany . 
  europeans leaders never said anything else . 
  if the uk is leaving , it will lose all the goodies from being in the union , such has access to the single market , banking passport as well as obviously all eu institution in the uk ( such as european medecine agency ) or eu 's programs ( erasmus , esa , airbus , etc ) . 
  it will be treated as any foreign country , no more , no less . 
  the problem was that a lot of brexiters leaders were claiming they would get this or that because ` or else we wo n't buy prosecco ' but it seams all that non-sense is over now . 
  pay the bill , get out without drama and insults and apply for a trade deal . 
  simple as that . 
  idk where it 's heading but at least there wo n't be an important member trying at all cost to stall the whole thing 24/7 . 
  they did n't want to be part of it , they left , it 's better for everyone . 
  it 's a good thing , that way turkey and the eu will have real relationship , good or bad , instead of the bs on both side that happened the last 20 years . 
  the eu need an a military task force asap and a plan for the next migrant wave , send them to libya , to morocco , to a greek island , anywhere but free roaming in schengen area . 
  we ca n't be blackmailed by erdogan or anyone anymore . 
  yeah i know that but we just should n't care about that . 
  if you let businessmen and specially banksters chose their laws , you can be sure to go socialy backward as a nation , which is exactly what is happening in the uk and the usa . 
  inequalities never been so high , they have no minimum wages , no basic healthcare ( in the usa ) and so on . 
  these countries lives in the past , the eu is the one on the right tracks . 
  politics , as the will of the people , need to tame the economy . 
  and when you do that , whatever is their preference is irrelevant . 
  france has a great military history , out of everyone on this planet , you brits should know it better than anyone . 
  we kicked you out of the european continent , we taught you french and then we helped the muricans to kick you out of their land . 
  we also took heads on the whole europe when all you did was to slaughter uncivilized peones around the globe . 
  today france has its own army , own subs , own aircrafts and aircraft carrier , own nuking capabilities . 
  what has the uk ? 
  a deep throat to suck unclesam 's dong . 
  the uk always been france 's best ennemy or worst friend . 
  you chose your side , you 'll be our worst friend . 
  man up , do n't victimize yourself like a poosey , it has n't even started yet , 
  paris always been over-sized and overly centralised and the alpha and omega of all things in france . 
  because france is a huge country ( it was in middle-age ) , with low density in quite some part of it and very different regions / people ruled by an absolute king ( which became an emperor which became a president with too much power ) . 
  the whole kingdom worked to feed the capital , which in return was the industry & army for the rest of the country . 
  germany is quite the opposite . 
  the idea of germany is pretty new , 150 years they were still a bunch of blondes dudes with mustachs and weird pants doing barbaric stuff here and there . 
  even tho they were all blondes dudes in tights , it took them a very long time to realize they might be cousins or something . 
  when they realized it , the first thing they did was to invite themself in france . 
  poland has been a mistake since day # 1 . 
  it 's sucking dry all the subsidies and is an over-religious backward country . 
  all the problems we 've seen in western europe toward the eu 's policies ( too many migrant in the uk , cheap labor from poles outside poland , massive outsourcing ( like 80 % of all truck business in the eu is polish now ) all come from poland . 
  not only i hope we 'll have a geared poland and put them in the last wagon , but i hope that will piss them enough to remove themself from the union . 
  that way they 'll be able to ban gay wedding , make jesus their president and insult russia 24/7 while displaying americans troops all over their country and we wo n't have to care / pay for it . 
  if there 's one thing the turks taught us these last few hundreds years , is that they always end up on the bad side , the side that lose and in the end they lose territory .
