  oh dear god no !, 
  wow , we actually scored 1st . 
  that beard is magic . 
  damn !, 
  hope he gets out of that mess unscathed . 
  so would i to your countrymen . 
  greatly appreciated my brother !, 
  ` schland !, 
  how about belarus ? 
  people are fed up with their current governemnt and president lukashenko . 
  shadow president ( ms-dos ), 
  do n't forget thefarm51 , flying wild hog and theastronauts . 
  also , rip people can fly . 
  [ joel , is that you ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wnxhufgc3ge ), 
  but that 's a shit excuse . 
  you either find already free housing for asylum seekers or you do n't keep them at all . 
  where has the world come to when we start throwing out citizens from their homes for crap like this ? 
  inb4 nazi . 
  exactly . 
  it has already gotten out of hand and our politicians seem so disconnected to what 's actually going on out there . 
  but oh well , got ta show everyone how `` progressive '' and `` modern '' we are . 
  for crying out loud . 
  if they decide to treat the goddamn police that way , might aswell pull out the baton and whack 'em . 
  nokia 3310 a legend . 
  greek-macedonian border . 
  greek-macedonian border . 
  i personally dislike that subreddit too but this should n't discourage you from reading potentially interesting material . 
  it 's always a good idea to get your information from all sides and parties , to get a better understanding of the current situation . 
  shut up indonesia . 
  sweden , what happened to you . 
  you 've basically become cuckland . 
  what are these idiots at betaholm doing ? 
  leopold v was rekting some n00bs at the siege of acre . 
  his swaglicious sword fighting skills however were n't as graceful and he covered his bitchin attire with dem skrubs blood . 
  when he returned he removed his belt , which left a white stripe on his shirt . 
  he thought that it 'd make for a dank flag . 
  that cartoon was freaking awesome . 
  your typical finnish citizen of the interwebs producing ebin memes . 
  oi bash ye fukken head m8 i swer on me mum oida, 
  i 'm not sleeping . 
  i 'll report you !!, 
  yeah , dried up menstruation blood red . 
  should have noscoped dem pricks . 
  [ t-that 's great i guess . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yag5saw1n0c ), 
  [ ja , quite conradictory , is n't es ? 
  stop oppresing these poor greeks , you nazi shitlords !, 
  donate to my patreon !, 
  no umlaut in your sentence . 
  into the shower fickjunge . 
  i do n't mind killing ss-troops . 
  wehrmacht soldiers on the other hand ... 
  based . 
  i 'm serious . 
  / pol / was right after all . 
  crazy ? 
  more like based a s e d, 
  no wonder hitler was one . '', 
  `` what do you mean the market value of catnip has decreased ? '', 
  but i want to impress / int / . 
  i think the polar caps do n't melt fast enough . 
  i love the smell of anschluss in the morning . 
  oh boy , that 's awesome . 
  imagine working as a shoe salesman and see these things walking into the store . 
  do n't be a bully socialis-kun . 
  it 's so cute , i wan na take it home with me ~ ~ ~, 
  it 's the japanese flag cosplaying as albania . 
  i have family in silesia . 
  i always make sure to bring a crapton of micha\u0142ki home . 
  go\u0142\u0105bki are really good . 
  thank you greece for being an entertaining lolcow . 
  thank you finland for all ther ebin memes :d :d :d thank you hungary for the dankest empire in worlds history . 
  thank you usa for these enjoyable tv series about golddigging in alaska . 
  thank you netherlands for hardstyle and gabber music . 
  thank you belgium for having based people ( except wallonians ) . 
  thank you united kingdom for monty phyton . 
  thank you germany for cordoba . 
  thank you poland for micha\u0142ki . 
  thank you serbia for nothing . 
  thank you albania for your epic trolling . 
  thank you italy for the wonderful vacation i had last year . 
  thank you kazhastan for borat . 
  thank you russia for dashcam compilations . 
  we will become the dankest empire once more . 
  that means 2069 % more epic polandball memes . 
  because not as many have been killed ? 
  is this your poor attempt at an excuse ? 
  * pants *, 
  but what is politb\u00fcro of using ? 
  goddamnit , do n't cap so much . 
  it hurts my eyes . 
  cough cough serbia being a fucktard cough cough german politician cough cough, 
  holy shit , i need to see that . 
  call in my dank cod killstreaks and 360 noscope commies . 
  right into my mauthausen . 
   france someones salty as fuck . 
  because they suck . 
  yup . 
  i 've listened to a few different versions of the song and i think the german one beats all of them .
