do n't even joke about that !, 
  more importantly , if sterling recovers , then a euro based scotland would benefit due to our large exports to the rest of the uk . 
  though it might have knock on consequences for ruk production if they start relocating to take advantage . 
  she made the tories electable in scotland again . 
  go back just five years and say that the tories would be the opposition party in the scottish parliament and you would have been laughed at . 
  she 's spent those five years reforming the party up here and her hard work paid off . 
  i 'm still not going to vote for them ( currently snp/greens best represent my politics ) but i can respect what she has managed to do . 
  if kezia dugdale manages the same with scottish labour then we might have the makings of a decent three party system with the greens and lib dems as the minor parties . 
  the problem both scottish labour and the scottish tories face is the incredibly dislikeable options for their national leadership . 
  jeremy corbyn is too far left and anti-eu , not really compatible with modern scotland . 
  and boris johnson or theresa may would basically kill conservatism in scotland for another quarter of a century . 
  it was completely different in scotland . 
  the snp basically refused to join the remain campaign because of it being so negative and ran their own ( and had the support of the four other parliamentary parties in scotland ) . 
  they focussed a lot more on the positives and i really think that it was what swung the vote up here . 
  the snp seem to be doing everything right at this point . 
  farage 's euro bashing and posturing was an embarrassment , especially given that the people he was insulting are the ones who have to be negotiated with . 
  the sinn fein representative also did a good job putting forward northern ireland 's case . 
  https://youtu.be/eddzpzk-e-u - thats a link to the full thing with alyn 's speech starting around 1:08:18, 
  yeah the politicians on the leave side are already backing down on eu immigration and trade regulations . 
  it was so blatantly obvious that they lied about it yet the merry little englanders bought it wholesale . 
  i just hope that scotland can negotiate a way to stay ( alongside northern ireland and gibraltar ) . 
  you need to be living and working in the uk for two years before you are allowed to claim benefits ( and i do n't believe that is all benefits ) . 
  i think that child support may be available but could n't say for certain . 
  even marrying a british national does n't get you access and can , in some cases , make it more restrictive . 
  the leave campaign straight up lied to the public and a large majority lapped it up . 
  there was an interview with some working class guy in the north of england who said he expected them to reopen factories now to give people jobs ... 
  he did n't even understand why that statement was stupid . 
  as long as you agree to export some of that sunshine i think we could have a deal . 
  at this point i really do n't care about what money i 'll be spending . 
  if it takes the adoption of the euro to remain in europe ( either as an independent nation or in some greenland/denmark style situation ) then so be it . 
  hopefully they let us keep our paper money system . 
  it would seem strange not having three distinct sets of bank notes . 
  if england and wales want access to the common market then they have to accept eu freedom of movement . 
  non-eu immigration has always been under domestic control ( despite the lies of the leave campaign ) and that includes accommodation of refugees . 
  they 'll also have to accept eu regulations on trade . 
  so basically , all the `` downsides '' that they wanted away from . 
  with all of that in place there really wo n't be much of a difference between eu-uk and non eu-uk . 
  just that non eu-uk wo n't have any say in the regulations they 'll have to obey . 
  or they could choose to further tank the economy by refusing to stay in the common market , after all that seems to be the current strategy . 
  crap ... 
  i think i can hear my higher maths teacher spinning in his grave . 
  leave had a 1,269,501 vote lead . 
  the number of scots voting leave was 1,018,322 so no , we could not have swung the vote with the turnout that we had and yes , scottish turnout was low , but there is significant voter fatigue with the independence referendum , general election , scottish parliamentary election , local council elections , and the eu referendum happening in just two years . 
  i do n't recall ever having attended my polling station so much in my life . 
  however , the fact remains that not one constituency had a leave majority , none of the main five scottish parties campaigned for a leave vote , and the overall result was that nearly two thirds ( 62 % ) of voting scots did not wish to leave . 
  that is far more significant than the 51.9 % overall leave vote for the whole of the uk or the individual results for england ( 53.4 % ) or wales ( 52.5 % ) which were effectively split down the middle . 
  part of the whole better together campaign was that scotland would stay a part of the eu . 
  that is , obviously , no longer the case . 
  letting the uk drag scotland out of the eu against our will ( a reminder that * every single consituency * had a majority in favour of remaining in the eu ) is not acceptable and , if it comes down to it , then i would fully support a unilateral declaration of independence . 
  if the scottish people choose independence then ruk have no right to stop us . 
  if ruk wants to continue on the route towards right wing , isolationist , xenophobic utopia then we are n't going to get in your way but we do n't want to go there . 
  the scottish parliament could hold it on their own . 
  if the result was favourable enough they would then have a public mandate to unilaterally declare independence . 
  hopefully the uk government would try to avoid that and respect that the snp included it in their manifesto , and that the scottish people elected them into a majority government here on that manifesto . 
   dude do you not realise how much has been devolved in the last 20 years ? 
  very little actually , beyond what was initially devolved at the creation of the holyrood parliament . 
  the tories shot down the devolution of powers promised during the last independence referendum and now we have may threatening to unilaterally taking back devolved powers ( specifically fisheries and farming iirc ) because it suits her bargaining position . 
   and wales could receive much better funding . 
  the tories flat out refused to guarantee to match current eu funding in wales ( which means they got screwed hard by the vote alone , before taking into account any further ramifications ) . 
  even if we left that likely would n't change . 
  westminster has only ever been interested in developing london and a few small parts of the south east of england and that is n't going to just end because scotland left . 
  guise/guising , coming from disguise/disguising , is the act of dressing up in a costume and going door to door to receive treats . 
  done either at new years ( less common now and mostly an east coast thing ) or at halloween , the scottish tern for the evening before all hallows day ( all saints day as it was more commonly known ) . 
  it has nothing to do with events in or around england ( it probably comes from even older pagan festivals and traditions ) . 
  you might be confusing it with guy fawkes ( nov. 5th ) though i 've never heard it referred to as guise or guising ( it 's not even commonly called guy fawkes up here , usually just `` bonfire night '' ) . 
  you 're not the only one that was relying on the good old bank of bru , had about ten of them kicking around when they cancelled it . 
  except you do n't get your bloody 20p back on them anymore and the buggers are up to # 1 - # 1.20 ( glasgow ) . 
  daylight robbery i tell you . 
   no , english people believe we 're all british and every man or women 's vote is equal . 
  easy to believe that when you 're not a minority . 
  which is , again , why the exceptionalists chose to leave . 
  they hated being an equal voice , they wanted to dominate . 
   and now sturgeon has just conceded that the referendum date is up for discussion . 
  playing politics with people 's lives is exactly what she 's done . 
  how despicable that she is open to compromise and discussion . 
  she should be demanding , unyielding , and combative just like the tories , after all they are winning so much love from europe with their hate filled rhetoric . 
   the only alternative i can think of is all 4 nations get a veto , but that would mean scotland , a country of 5 million , or ni a country of 1.8 million or wales a country 3 million controlling the destiny of 65 million . 
  and yet that is how the eu works . 
  english/british exceptionalism hates that , they absolutely despise the idea that others get the same say as they do and so they destroy their economy and risk damaging that of the eu bloc simply because they are upset that they do n't get to be the masters . 
  how , exactly , is she using them as bargaining chips ? 
  so far as i know she has sought to enact the will of the scottish people , the people she , as first minister , represents . 
  she has been open to remaining in the efta instead of the eu , she has been open to a sort of reverse greenland scenario , and she has been willing to compromise with the uk government * before * bringing up a second referendum . 
  all of this has been thrown back in her face with the uk excluding the devolved parliaments from any planning being made and explicitly refusing to share any information with them whatsoever . 
  i think you are talking about may who ** directly ** threatened to use eu citizens resident in the uk as a bargaining tool . 
   then why did sturgeon ... because she is a savvy politician . 
  she was the only party leader to actually start addressing the situation and trying to secure an appropriate compromise for her electorate . 
  whilst the uk parties shat their pants and ran in circles the snp was talking to people whose influence would help their cause . 
  there is a reason that sturgeon was viewed positively both inside and outside the uk in the months after the brexit shambles . 
  no we ca n't , not with may deciding that they should revert to westminster ( despite them being explicitly listed as devolved powers ) . 
  the eu can not take control over anything with the agreement of all the nations in the eu . 
  the uk can , and now does , take whatever powers it wants regardless of what the nations inside it have agreed . 
   where was the equality when ireland rejected the lisbon treaty , but the eu made them hold another referendum until it was accepted . 
  really , because the facts say that the eu offered ireland certain guarantees if the signed ;  after the first vote by ireland on the lisbon treaty , the european council and the irish government released separate documents , referred to as the `` irish guarantees '' , that stated the other member countries would not use the possibility in the treaty to diminish the number of permanent commissioners in favour of a rotating system with fewer commissioners , and not threaten ireland 's military neutrality and rules on abortion . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] with these assurances , the irish approved the unchanged lisbon treaty in a second referendum . 
  from : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendums_related_to_the_european_union#treaty_of_lisbon so , no , they did not `` force a second referendum '' . 
  they came to an agreement with ireland , and in turn the irish people , and offered a mutually acceptable compromise . 
  the irish then voted on whether or not to accept the new conditions . 
   if you really think you 'll have more influence in a body of 27 other countries , instead of 3 other countries , i say fair enough , what 's your dealers number ? 
  we currently have zero influence with the uk parliament threatening to take back devolved powers ( specifically ones currently shared with the eu like fisheries ) . 
  within the eu we would have the same veto powers as every other sovereign nation and , as seen by the previously mentioned lisbon treaty , we would be able to negotiate with the eu if the public or government did not like certain aspects of a treaty or the like .
