  why is russia big ? 
  we 'll split it crowd , and i 'll give you 25 % of black books . 
  father ted is ours . 
  my main point is that we do n't know what the difference is . 
  you 've just told us what the minimum difference is . 
  the 1p example does n't really work since we are given ranges in the map , and we know the uk falls within a range , along with others . 
  going from 1p to billionaire is void of range . 
  it 's a poor map , no argument there , but as far as we know , the uk might be 59.9 % no , and then italy ( lightest blue ) may be the closest yes to them with 41 % no . 
  or , uk could be 50.1 % no , and italy 49.9 % . 
  we just do n't know from this , so the difference is a range of 0.0001-19 .9999 % , or 0-20 % for simplicity 's sake . 
  again , it 's a really poor , flawed map , but all we can discern from it is a range that may be between the lowest red no and lowest blue yes . 
  i get what you 're saying with the red/blue contrast making the 40-50 range look `` more worse '' than the 50-60 range , but that 's just a simple case of showing where majorities lie . 
  on a majority vote , red and blue are significant . 
  completely anecdotal , but 30-40 % of my old college friends now live abroad , including myself . 
  these cover degrees of all sorts , from psychology , to engineering , to english lit , to maths . 
  i 'd love to see some stats on this , because i think there 's more to it than `` get a decent degree '' if you want to work in ireland . 
  not only are the number of jobs slim , but the many on offer pay a lot less or offer less promotion opportunities than other countries . 
  not so sure about australia , but uk and us definitely do in many areas . 
  it 's misleading your way too . 
  best to just say there 's a 0-20 % difference . 
  just be happy someone wants us . 
  i 'm surprised so many of you have missed that this is a joke . 
  he 's mocking them . 
  in a sentence overtly stating that you ca n't make fun of islam , he 's subtly mocking islam . 
  `` they 're heavily armed '' is the subtle punchline . 
  you guys have seen monty python before , right ? 
   that proves people were just as generous before chuggers showed up ? 
  you 're insane if you think there 'd be hundreds of these people wandering the streets every day , getting paid , if they were n't increasing the amount of money being handed over . 
  i never once claimed there was no charity before them . 
  quit acting like that 's what you 're arguing against to make your point valid . 
  you need me to provide a source that proves chuggers do what they do ? 
  hold on , i 'll head back to dublin , walk around with a camera , then upload it just for you . 
  not a single person who has ever walked through dublin would fail to know what i was talking about . 
  there is no need for a source . 
  now , if i was taking about `` tables '' , `` fractions '' and such , you 'd be right to ask for a source for such a table . 
  which is why i asked the above , who claims there 's actually info out there online that backs them up . 
  i never made such a claim , as it was blatantly obvious that i was speaking anecdotally , not offering any tables , percentages , etc. 
  source for either of those claims ? 
  this is likely because we have the most persistent chuggers * on the planet . 
  * `` chuggers '' , charity muggers . 
  those people who verbally assault you in the name of asking for money for their employers , and chase you down the street until the 4th time you tell them to fuck off . 
  from what i 've seen , they only sit outside large stores in other countries , so you can just walk past them . 
  but in ireland they walk the streets and they 'd fucking walk through fire to get your bank details . 
  it 's missing cork . 
  literally the opposite is true . 
  well done for not being able to be more wrong , and being a total ass in the process for good measure . 
  irish is the language . 
  gaelic simply means `` of the gaels '' . 
  irish is one of the gaelic languages , but that just means that it 's a language that is part of a broader gaelic culture . 
  so calling the irish language gaelic is basically the same as saying the dutch speak european , the english speak british , or you australians speak commonwealth . 
  they do n't mean `` i '' , though , do they ? 
  i thought we just do n't say `` i '' in irish . 
  like how `` is maith liom '' is `` i like '' , but really it translates into '' ... is good with me '' . 
  i think the most interesting point he made was more of a meta commentary on how these interviews work :  * do n't ask me to sit here , in an interview with you , in a bloody hotel room , and devise a global utopian system . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that the current ... [ interruption ] ... 
  i 'm calling for change , i 'm calling for genuine alternatives . 
  * in similar interviews , i always get the feeling that if the interviewee does n't provide 100 % perfect info that ca n't be argued with , then the unspoken `` opposition '' to what they say just automatically `` wins '' and they have failed . 
  which is obviously bs . 
  the actual number is 94,000 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_language far more than 1,000 on the west coast , you 're just pulling shit out of your ass . 
  and now that it 's established that you 're just a troll who wants to incorrectly call it `` gaelic '' , i 'll leave you be . 
  that 's not at all surprising to me since most of us only have a couple of irish words in our vocabulary , despite 13 years of having it crammed down our throats . 
  only about 95,000 speak irish around the world . 
  but in terms of what is taught in our schools , irish would still lead the way due to it being compulsory . 
  nobody has cleared this up yet , so i 'll just jump to it . 
  gaelic is n't a language . 
  it 's called irish . 
  i 'd also maybe pick up a history book if i were you . 
  this ca n't be correct , not for ireland , anyway . 
  assuming the 1st is english ( it is ) , the 2nd most studied language is irish . 
  absolutely everyone , with rare exceptions , has to study irish up until college . 
  french is optional , and many others have spanish , german , or do n't bother with a third language . 
  edit : second `` foreign '' language . 
  ah ok , i guess both irish and english are considered home languages , even though irish is `` foreign '' to 99 % of the population . 
  that was an extreme year across europe though , right ? 
  i guess we ca n't dismiss it as impossible since it happened so recently , but at the same time it 's not a likely scenario . 
  certainly not `` average of -10 '' in the places he 's going , anyway . 
  make your plans simple , especially for your first time . 
  if you 're adamant on london , make it a 10 day tour of ireland and britain . 
  if paris is your main option , spend half the time in paris and then take that train to florence you mentioned elsewhere . 
  but then leave it at that . 
  quickly taking in several major cities will take up so much time and leave you with so little time to enjoy any of it . 
  even that ireland and britain suggestion i gave would require a lot of cramming . 
  maybe 3 or 4 days in each of london , edinborough , and dublin would be doable in comfort . 
  any more than that will quickly become stressful . 
  have any of those places ever recorded lows of -25 ? 
  that 's eastern europe territory . 
  op will need to wrap up by hawaiian standards , certainly , but 0-10 degrees will be much closer to the actual temperatures . 
  i love how we 're accepting a 100 year old alcohol law in america as `` proof '' that a modern smoking law in ireland wo n't work . 
  the masses now hate smoking . 
  the people are generally in favour of this `` ban '' . 
  it 's not even a proper ban . 
  there is not an ounce of relevant similarity between the two . 
  any source to back that claim about more welsh speakers than irish ? 
  so is welsh not officially a language of wales ? 
  since we 're allowing stout , i 'm going one step further and saying bulmers . 
  especially for american tourists . 
  the cider ( or hard cider , as they call it ) is awful there . 
  well worth trying bulmers . 
  or just stay at home and drink magners . 
  exact same drink , just a different name internationally .
