at least we 're not iceland . 
  screw your sea tunnel , we 'll invent floating trains ... that do n't even need rail !, 
  i 've never considered riga before , must visit sometime . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  stop being lazy and get your own proper capital then . 
  fun fact : at this year 's san diego county fair in california , they were using [ old dublin buses ] ( http://www.dublinbus.cc/014%20ra%20209%20&amp;%20d695%20april%201995%20img621%20\\ ( 7 \\ ) . jpg ) as shuttles . 
  the green ones with the nasty green seats . 
  the dubs here will know what i 'm talking about . 
  i will never understand how we are so high . 
  before croatia was in the eu . 
  this is the worst `` blame anything on obama '' stretch i 've seen in a while . 
  if we 're playing that game , alexander the great tried it a little before his time . 
  although i guess his vision was a little more ... * world conquesty * . 
  technically , your new nation would have the most eurovision wins ever . 
  by the time this happens , if ever , scotland will have gone solo and realise how fucked they are without a bigger body helping them , so they 'll go eu . 
  uk can stay out of modern progress all it likes . 
  it will also continue to dwindle if it does . 
  i personally prefer the name `` ireland and friends '' . 
  so what you 're saying is that we have a right to protect our people over there ? 
  excellent . 
  ireland really needs to invade iceland . 
  this has gone on for too long . 
  you wildly missed the point . 
  as soon as hp fame reached critical mass around book two , anything after that could have been ( and at times was ) complete shite , and her already established and fanatic fanbase would have eaten it up no matter what . 
  and they did . 
  i honestly refuse to believe that you guys genuinely view her as a great writer . 
  just fans caught up in the fandom , or people who believe popularity is a measurement for writing ability . 
  her ability to write has never been considered great by anyone of note . 
  she hooked in kids with an interesting story and had massive advertising and publishing backers to make sure hp became an absolute monster of a franchise , but in absolutely no sense of the word would anyone with any kind of relevant writing background consider her up there with the greats . 
  i 'm not even remotely suggesting being prolific is important . 
  having more than one success is important , however , when talking about `` great '' writers . 
  the last five books were selling out before anyone read a single page . 
  each one sold on the success of the last . 
  she literally could n't fail as soon as the early books reached the level they did . 
  those books are one tale following one character , not like most of the others you mentioned . 
  she created a massive franchise based on one hit . 
  she 's a huge success , absolutely , but her writing ability just has n't been proven yet . 
  let 's see what she can do with something that is n't guaranteed success . 
  the last five books were selling out before anyone read a single page . 
  each one sold on the success of the last . 
  she literally could n't fail as soon as the early books reached the level they did . 
  those books are one tale following one character , not like most of the others you mentioned . 
  she created a massive franchise based on one hit . 
  again , not questioning their popularity . 
  and again , popularity does not equal talent . 
  it 's pretentious to consider it ridiculous to compare a ( so far ) one hit wonder to twain ? 
  i 'm pretentious then . 
  happily . 
  you 're defending her writing ability without having read any of them ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  thanks for that . 
  your entire defence of her writing ability is based on how many books she sold . 
  enough said . 
  said like a true fanboy/girl . 
  again , the popularity of the franchise is amazing . 
  the quality of the writer is not . 
  popularity is not talent . 
  and fuck off with your `` reddiquitte '' . 
  i have n't downvoted you once . 
  it 's probably the people upvoting me that have downvoted your nonsense . 
  your point was about how rowling has reached more modern eyes than twain . 
  i was merely showing how useless that point was . 
  again , one popular book series ... no , one popular * children 's * book series does not make a great writer . 
  nobody is doubting her popularity amongst the tweens of hp 's prime years who grew up with her . 
  the doubt arises when her writing abilities are compared to anyone of note in the literary world . 
  just look at the shite she wrote after it . 
  for now , she 's a one hit wonder . 
  measuring talent by modern day success is no way to do anything . 
  twilight and 50 shades of grey have reached more eyes around the world too . 
  bieber has out-sold most bands from the 60s and 70s . 
  the kardashians get more screen time than practically anyone ever . 
  harry potter is an above average children 's book that had great backing and became a massive franchise as a result of said backing . 
  comparing her writing ability to any of the greats is preposterous . 
  one popular book series does not make a great . 
  calling her a great author in the same sentence as twain made me flinch pretty hard . 
  living in america , i 've reached the point where friends of mine start a sentence with `` so back in england ... oh ... uh ... yeah ... '' and kind of just fade into obscurity for a few minutes while they feel bad about forgetting where the person they 've lived with for the past two years is from . 
  some people just ca n't get it right . 
  to be fair , that person could have been born in england to parents who were also born in england ( and so on ... ) , who just carry that family name from abroad . 
  english people have names like that now . 
  2014 is a little different to 1914 . 
  the difference between ireland and the uk seems totally unrealistic . 
  gothenburg , solvesborg , orebro , and many others visited . 
  nice no true scotsman , though . 
  swedes : smug hipsters with xenophobic undertones . 
  but that 's ok because they 're environmentally friendly . 
  danes : nicest people around . 
  norwegians : fish . 
  i sincerely doubt any relevant members of the russian government where in denmark at the time , so an image like this is pretty much all that can be achieved . 
  it 's not just about how they targeted russia , but rather they are one small group in a small country that should be united with many dozens of other countries , big and small , and together they 'll make an impact . 
  every russian embassy in every country should produce images like this . 
  ca n't ignore that . 
  i 'm actually pretty ok with this . 
  larger crowds tend to attract trouble makers and give ammunition to those who seek to criticize the protesters . 
  in this case , the point was made , the world is seeing it , and the people of denmark are represented no less than they would have with 10x or 100x more people there . 
  whether we like it or not , the media do so much more for these causes than you and i can standing in a street . 
  fair play to all who made this photo happen . 
  that 's aprilliant use of words . 
  yeah but wearing it under her clothes would n't yell `` look how evil they are '' quite as loudly . 
  it 's there for show . 
  she has no need for it .
