then you miss out on a sweet opportunity to destroy the country and bring your political party to the fascism level all socialist governments aspire to . 
  right . 
  the emphasis here is for some reason in integration , not just trying to get them to stop shooting night clubs up with ak-47 's . 
  the guy has been told all his life by white liberals that exact thing . 
  it sounds like shit . 
  way better . 
  carer is for lazy bad-breath europeans . 
  care-giver is for professionals speaking to clients who have excellent oral care . 
   hurrr derr care givuuuur because he giv da care stroking out again , i see . 
  no wonder the last cool thing you had were the beatles . 
  you guys are boring as fuck . 
   brain dead cunt . 
  just hoping you fit ` mate ' in again so you can evolve from a small chavvy-europarrot into a full blown redditor . 
   and believe me , the last thing you guys would ever fucking know is eloquence we 'll take your word for it , the guy who can barely write a legible fucking sentence . 
   i got better chances of finding a pig farm in saudi arabia there 's that british ` humour ' cracking off . 
  all good , all your silent desperacy created one of the best shows ever , peepshow . 
  i watch and imagine myself living in a third-world country filled with white dudes and ugly bitches . 
  no way . 
  really ? 
  that is insane !, 
  at what point are they considered an invading army , when the crime stats reach 70 % + ? 
   do we need to get your carer ? 
  ugh , you people have the ugliest language . 
  ` mate ' . 
  nasty . 
  sounds way more eloquent . 
  i 'm positive even you could make it sound like peasantry , though . 
   i do n't even know who 's foot you are referring to , the queen or the eu that 's because you 're a fucking idiot . 
   but i suppose that does n't matter starting a sentence with but , what a doucher . 
   your just an angsty teenager trying to be edgy , whatever helps you sleep at night in your uncomfortable single mattress laying on the floor . 
   your just an angsty teenager trying to be edgy , do n't need intelligence do you . 
  * you 're just an angst-y teenager trying to be edgy . 
  do n't need intelligence , do you ? 
  * fixed that so you can edit it , maybe pick yourself back up and try again . 
  this is fun . 
  edit - did n't even see your last part  land of the free ( of coherent thought ) indeed hahahahahaha . 
  salty little bitch . 
  the real question reddit made me realize is , what did we do to these poor individuals to make them do such horrible things ? 
  so you are telling me you ca n't even feel it anymore ? 
  holy hell . 
  pay attention , america . 
  this is what happens when your strong genetics die in the fields of world war 2 !, 
  good to hear . 
  self-defense is a basic human right . 
  another unoriginal parrot . 
  you got me good , mate . 
  do n't glass me with all that subverted rage you have built up from years of being under foot . 
  american republican/conservatives . 
  we 've been preaching for years that strict immigration programs are far better for a country than open-border insanity . 
  this giant cluster-fuck has been a really great piece for us . 
  every time someone shows a baby crying at a fence , we show crime stats . 
  * checks watch * yep , you are correct . 
  still do . 
  ca n't even imagine that . 
  must be pretty embarrassing being in the game that long and ending up just being a city-state . 
  if you guy 's lost the royal family , would you close the gift shop ( your country ) or run tours through where the queen used to take it in the pooper ? 
   or europe will become a museum ; technically functioning but serves no practical purpose . 
  hate to break it to you . . 
  my favorite part was after they got caught all of the msm and liberals came out and said , `` uh , well ... the women and children are waiting behind to make sure it is safe ( in a warzone people had to flee to stay alive , mind you ) ! '' . 
  this has been the greatest year for us . 
  can swedish women arm themselves with deadly weapons in case of an attack in any fashion ? 
  ... seriously ? 
  i 'm not going to work my way through shit-europe wading through mussies only to arrive at the epicenter of white virtue-signaling so i can have one-half to two half-sow sages and a beer with some guy lying on the internet for like what 18 $ euro 's lol . 
  well as long as you believe it , it must be true . 
  yep , you are n't one of them . 
  yeah okay kiddo we totally believe you 're a doctor just taking a quick rest all day daily on reddit constantly commenting , lol . 
  people are still alive that fought in world war two you stupid fuck . 
  i love when they admit they are teenagers . 
  no jobs in europe ? 
  all of you instantly respond , lol . 
  what the fuck are you on the internet all day ? 
  holy fuck . 
  they do n't need to invade all of europe , ya dumb twat . 
  plus who cares ? 
  russia will be able to do whatever they want to you socialist losers . 
  you guys are going to go to russia or china ? 
  lol you do , loser . 
  hopefully all those medals protect you from russia , because we are n't !, 
  the pope has n't controlled christianity in hundreds of years ? 
   racist towards all muslims you ca n't be racist towards a religious group . 
  thank fucking god for that . 
  racist towards who , exactly ? 
  is islam really a fucking race now ? 
  when does christianity become a race ? 
  sorry about all the violence , man . 
  makes me sick what you guys are going through . 
  france is our oldest ally , we do n't like watching you guys suffer . 
  haha i got a buddy in greece o /, 
  still . 
  must be intense during the planning stage . 
  could some intelligent person enlighten me as to how this would be possible without anyone catching word ? 
  i mean , thousands of troops and people all in the know , secretly ? 
  any ideas ? 
  i 'll admit , this is a little worrying ... hopefully eu gets its shit together . 
  last time was n't pretty , guys !, 
  i can only read for like 30 seconds before getting a panicky feeling in my chest . 
   is seattle the only large city in america what the fu . .  the prices i pay for my downtown apartment are in line with what i 'd pay for a brand new concrete building condo in downtown montreal who the fuck would want to live in downtown montreal ? 
  seriously name one fucking [ sane ] ( https://youtu.be/zih-j3uln3e?t=1m48s ) person would choose to move to queerbec ? 
  probably an upgrade from europe !, 
  like i said , you can pay 25k a month for a studio in some parts .
