  when was the last time the parliament was consensual ? 
  how about just now when the socialists , federalist conservatives and liberals all joined to form a `` grand coalition '' . 
  as for leaving , you 're right . 
  some of us are pushing hard to do this but the politicians keep on promising referendums and then weaseling out of them . 
  no , but it 's supposed to be a consensual organisation . 
  that 's what the uk gets told every time we do n't go along with the french-german axis . 
  if the european parliament wants to play the `` our way or the high way '' game and run roughshod over national concerns , then sure , they can get away with it . 
  but the uk will respond to that by leaving , and we can take our membership fees with us . 
  we still have friends in the rest of the world . 
  i 've been talking with a lot of friends in the conservative party over the last couple of days , and the eu 's behaviour here has swung a great many of them who were in the `` in but reform '' position to becoming `` better off out '' . 
  i think the next tory leader after cameron will be a proper eurosceptic . 
   the council can nominate who they want , just like the ep can choose to reject any nominee they do n't like and they decided that anyone but juncker will be rejected . 
  so the ep is effectively conducting a power grab by refusing to compromise . 
  these are the same eurocrats that always complain when the uk refused to play along to their latest mad idea , and ask us to be compromise and be `` good europeans '' . 
  the whole thing ranks of hypocrisy . 
  oh look , my last post is downvoted again . 
  ca n't have people raising eurosceptic opinions can we ? 
  disagreeing with you is not `` failing to understand '' . 
  by all accounts merkel opposed the principle , but then was bounced into supporting him by the german press wanting to stand up to cameron . 
  it 's supposed to be a joint consensus decision by the council and the parliament . 
  but the parliament is digging its heels in and refusing to have anyone else other than their man . 
  that 's not consensus , that 's a power grab . 
  the man is useless . 
  he was incompetent running the eurogroup . 
  he thinks referendums should be ignored . 
  he thinks you should be dishonest to the public to get more power to the eu . 
  and to top it all off , it now looks like he has an alcohol problem . 
  it 's absurd he gets it . 
  the one positive side to all this is that it makes the uk more likely to leave . 
  i wo n't be posting any more on here as the downvotes for expressing my point of view have limited my voting position . 
  europhiles are the worst sort of people : they just like to bury opposing views . 
  shows why they dishonest people like juncker so much . 
  that 's not true : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9643193/eu-budget-who-pays-what-and-how-it-is-spent.html and that 's ignoring the ecb bond-buying program . 
  it 's not fear mongering when it 's what the soon to be president of the commission openly wants . 
  it 's a genuine possibility . 
  just because it is n't happening all at once does n't change that . 
  it 's already gone far too far for most british voters , who wish to return powers to the uk . 
  as for your second paragraph , the problem with having it done through european elections is that there is no european demos . 
  polls show that virtually no one in the electorate was voting for the european parties or the preferred candidates . 
  they were voting in multiple national elections , that then get banded together and interpreted as if it was one . 
  so that does n't work . 
  the appropriate response to unelected bureaucrats having too much power is to return power to the actually functioning democracies : national parliaments . 
  the three parties were the tories , ukip and lib dems . 
  labour had schultz in the running . 
  as for a superstate , no it does n't happen overnight . 
  but it 's been happening slice by slide for decades . 
  it 's already gone too far and most of the british public want to go back to just an economic community . 
  in the treaties , the parliament is equal to the council . 
  the uk never signed up for the parliament choosing it and the council rubber stamping the position . 
  as for getting somewhere , there needs to be agreement on where we 're going . 
  virtually no-one in the uk wants to be going towards unification - and i 'm sceptical that most people in other eu countries do . 
  three of the main parties are part of groups that were n't in the running for the post . 
  labour specifically asked schultz to stay away , because they knew the whole concept would hurt them in the polls . 
  we 're simply a people that believe in national sovereignty , and do n't want to become a region of a superstate , particularly not one with a very different history , culture and legal system to us . 
  maybe so , but it 's still far too poor for juncker to claim any democratic legitimacy . 
  there was no country outside luxembourg where even half the public had heard of him . 
  the idea that he must get the job because he 's `` won '' is absurd . 
  he did n't win . 
  a bunch of parties in his group won . 
  we do n't have any parties . 
  we have party groupings that 90 percent of the public have n't heard of . 
  the opinion poll was carried out by advanced market research , an established an independent polling firm : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/10872995/nine-in-10-eu-voters-cannot-name-jean-claude-juncker.html the system was n't quite clear . 
  a few of the party groupings announced it , but the treaties do n't say it has to be the case , and the european council never supported it . 
  merkel herself said a couple of weeks ago that there 's no reason the winning preferred candidate had to get the position . 
  your own graph shows only 10 % of romanians knew who any of the leaders were . 
  the reason the parties in the uk did n't bother campaigning on the candidates was because they do n't accept the european parliament should choose the position . 
  it 's an international organisation and the head should be chosen by the member states . 
  the reason behind that is because germany believes it is taking part in the unification of europe into a superstate , while the uk believes it is part of an international trade organisation . 
  the main reason for that is because that 's what we voted for in 1973 , and uk politicians have lied to the british public about the purpose of the thing ever since . 
  gordon brown called the lisbon treaty `` a tidying up exercise '' . 
  shushing and downvotes . 
  the intolerant close minds of europhiles revealed in all its glory . 
  you lot genuinely are n't willing to listen to any opposition views . 
  you 're just sticking your fingers in your ears to evidence that does n't back you up . 
  * immediately after the election , the alliance of european conservatives and reformists , of which i am secretary-general , commissioned a major poll of 12,000 voters across the eu . 
  the survey found that 91.8 per cent of people had no idea who jean-claude juncker was , and 91.2 per cent could not name a single one of the pan-european parties now laying claim to their ballots . 
  * http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100277239/the-last-post-in-europe/ there 's no democratic legitimacy when no-one has heard of you . 
  people were n't voting for the preferred candidates . 
  they were voting in 28 independent national elections , for domestic political reasons . 
  it shows how fucked up the eu is that they 're more concerned with opposing cameron than appointing someone competent . 
  the eu hates the uk and the quicker we leave it the better . 
  absolutely . 
  the europhiles in this thread are just showing how intolerant and narrow-minded they are . 
  any eurosceptic view gets immediately downvoted . 
  it 's the same tunnel vision that caused them to ignore the warnings about the euro . 
  it has n't been great for italy , but you at least get more than the uk does . 
  92 % of people taking part in the elections had not heard of any of the preferred candidates or any of the party groupings . 
  this was 28 separate national elections . 
  a grand coalition is basically code for `` it does n't matter who you vote for , the bipartisan elite will push its own agenda without regards to the election results '' . 
  elections in which no-one had heard of him . 
  given his last job was managing the eurozone group through their response to the sovereign debt crisis , it 's pretty clear how useless he is . 
  a damn sight more people voted for him than voted for juncker , who got 0.2 % of the vote . 
  and , clegg , miliband and farage all oppose juncker too . 
  so i see italy gets thrown concessions for having juncker forced down their throats . 
  but if britain does n't like it , we get sweet sod all . 
  perhaps we could get some of the repatriations we want , but no , it 's one rule for italy and another for the uk . 
  merkel does n't want juncker , but she 's taking flack from the german press for not backing him , so she 's being bounched into pushing him through . 
  92 % of people voting in the european election have n't even heard of the epp or juncker . 
  the idea that he 's got democratic legitimacy is ridiculous . 
  the best person should be chosen for the job .
