  eurofederalists ca n't accept that people disagree with them : they must be delusional . 
  from the erm to the euro , there were plenty of warnings along the way , but some people just do n't want to engage in good faith with the other side . 
   you fight for the rights of the worker no matter what . 
  a permanently increasing salary even when it is not affordable is not a `` right '' . 
  the idea that you fight for the short term benefit of your members , regardless of the other effects , is simply insane . 
  saudi arabia is an absolute monarchy . 
  when you have teacher 's unions that refuse to allow reform of tenure rules , or steadfastly resist reforms that would allow good teachers to do better than bad ones , you know how bad they 've become . 
  are there no requirements for moving towards democracy to do that ? 
  i presume you 're getting downvotes merely for admitting to being a ukip supporter ... 
  yes , that 's exactly what i said . 
  not wanting to apply to double standards to people - how awful i must be !, 
  i swear people like you just live off putting others down . 
  it 's no one person 's place to establish them , but everyone has the right to say whether they think something unfunny is actually just abusive and intolerant of difference . 
  like i said , if people were mocking how indians talked , people would think it unpleasant - in fact there was public outrage in the uk when someone did this on big brother . 
  but with americans , it 's supposed to be somehow ok . 
  i think you have blinkers on in what you consider `` positive '' . 
  that very post was about the clip being funny . 
  can we see this over time , please ? 
  i would like to see how coal and gas have moved . 
  the whole article is full of unsubstantiated weaselly statements . 
  `` observers viewed the rapid acceptance of the euro as a viable currency and the deeper financial integration of the eurozone and the eu countries as stepping stones toward a stable and prosperous europe '' which observers ? 
  which ones disagreed ? 
  what is the evidence of stability and prosperity being better under a single currency than under separate ones ? 
  you can only get away with stating just your view on this sub if it 's europhile . 
  if you 're going to make a eurosceptic point , you need to fully flesh out your argument , and even then it 's only a 50-50 change of not getting mass downvotes . 
  someone 's upset . 
  are you stalking me now ? 
  when did i criticise germany ? 
  i 'm well up for mocking americans , or any other groups . 
  it should just be done on slightly more sensible grounds than `` haha , they speak differently to us '' . 
  to be fair , the euro has caused a fair bit of antagonism between greece/italy and germany . 
  like moths to a flame ... 
  they 're clearly self-mocking though . 
  they 're not doing it seriously ... 
  i 'm not american . 
  why would i be offended ? 
  my only desire is for intellectual honesty . 
  the fact people downvote without being able to counter my point shows how ignorant they are . 
  so many people here have a huge chip on their shoulder about america . 
  ah , anglophobia to add to the anti-americanism ... it was only a matter of time . 
  that was actually funny , because he was actually satirically mocking the attitude predominant in this thread . 
  mate , do n't worry . 
  most people in europe do n't have anti-american hard-ons like the eurofederalists that dominate this sub . 
  because other nations ' never admire an outstanding individual performance . 
  i 'm going to get showered in downvotes for this , but anti-americanism is retarded . 
  `` how dare they use slightly different words and sentence structures to us ! '', 
  would love to see how people on here would react if you mocked how indians and chinese people speak . 
   have they ? 
  any citations ? 
  http://lmgtfy.com/?q=burkha+robbery+uk also there was a guy that fled prison in one to disguise his identity : http://www.channel4.com/news/terror-suspect-burqa-muslim-mohammed-police-tag, 
  well , i frankly find it a bit more offensive . 
  the former is just individual cases of ugliness , while the latter stands for the subjugation of women . 
  but it 's not just offensiveness : there have been robberies in london by men wearing burkhas . 
  it 's a public menace for people to hide their faces . 
  in liberal societies we ban people from displaying their genitalia because we feel it is necessary for the public good . 
  i think it is perfectly reasonable to also require people to show their faces for the public good - particularly when people have used burkhas to commit robberies in the uk and terrorist attacks in israel . 
  so people should be allowed to go nude in public ? 
   yes , but if you can get by for generations doing that it might seem a good deal to suffer a few years of higher interest rates when you eventually choose to start cutting expenses , rather than cut expenses forever . 
  it 's not a set time period you can do it for . 
  it 's the level of debt . 
  the us is only around 70 % if you ignore the amount the govt owes to its own social security fund . 
  greece is at 160 % . 
   why would that happen ? 
  do i really need to run you through the long history of sovereign default crises ? 
  every country that has ever done this has had an economic contraction . 
  the main causes are the spike in interest rates , the damage to domestic bank balance sheets , and the risk of capital controls . 
   sure , but greece was kind of the weakest link with their fishy bookkeeping . 
  that was their primary problem . 
  it only contaminated other states with debt that was high but manageable when the ecb proved unwilling to back up its member states ( like any central bank should ) . 
  then it even affected countries with low debt like spain . 
  i agree that greece was the primary problems , but a whole bunch of other countries had their own problem . 
  the collapse of the cajas in spain or the property developers in ireland were n't because of greece . 
   i think enduring unemployment and difficulties to make ends meet are much more likely to cause a loss of faith in the economy . 
  i badly phrased my comment . 
  what i should have said was `` a loss of faith in the currency '' . 
  i actually think koo is wrong on this , so wo n't labour the point too much , but the view of koo ( and a lot of other economists ) is that hyper inflation would set in as a result . 
  that would certainly be worse than long term high unemployment . 
   obviously . 
  but we 're nowhere near that limit . 
  so you accept there 's a point where austerity is needed when you get to that limit ? 
   no , i reject your framing that what happened under the name of austerity was strictly the minimum necessary to balance the books and was unavoidable . 
  there were other options , but there were rejected in favour of an ideological choice to benefit creditors to the detriment of debtors . 
  feel free to support that policy , but do n't serve it up as inevitable ( there is no alternative , yeah right ) . 
  the `` other options '' you mention we have discussed and you have apparently accepted as either temporary measures ( monetisation ) or limited ( tax raises ) . 
   the memory of investors is surprisingly short , as has been proven throughout history . 
  if you can back up your creditworthiness with a tax apparatus , you 're back in business very soon . 
  at higher rates for a while , obviously , but that might well be preferable to start paying off crushing interests . 
  you 're going to have cut back on useful expenses either way . 
  your last line `` having to cutback on useful expenses either way '' is otherwise known as `` austerity '' . 
  and , as discussed , a default would need a sizable fiscal surplus to survive it . 
  because if you have a deficit immediately after the default from the resulting contraction , you simply would not have any access to the debt markets at all at that time . 
  so in order to get to the point where you can get away with a default , you need to move from a fiscal deficit to a sizable fiscal surplus . 
  to get there you need austerity . 
   then some inflation will smoke them out . 
  i have no sympathy for fair-weather capitalists . 
  they have their mouth full about lazy southern europeans and that people should be willing to work for less money ; well , they apparently are n't even be willing to sign the papers to let their money work for less money . 
  again , you 're bringing in morality to a discussion of cause and effects . 
  i have no problem with screwing the wealthy if it 's in the interest of the country . 
  the problem is that you ca n't just force people to lend . 
  inflation wo n't smoke them out because they will just move their money out the country .
