  so countries should only be involved in international affairs within in their own continents ? 
  what a random view . 
  the eu and europe are not the same things . 
  so the usa should n't have stopped the genocide of bosnian muslims by serb aggression ? 
  it 's a view ... 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that the nato rapid reaction force for eastern europe is being led by the brits , and the the french , germans and italians are taking no part in it : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2738677/britain-spearhead-10-000-strong-nato-rapid-reaction-force-mission-halt-putins-tsarist-expansionism.html people should bear that in mind next time they 're talking about the brits being `` bad europeans '' . 
  only because frankfurt has blinkered vision . 
  the more they screw over the south , the more it costs germany in bailout cash . 
  no-one 's forcing it . 
  publishers can sell to whoever they like . 
  if that 's where most consumers would rather buy from , yes . 
  i feel sorry for russia . 
  monarchs , communists or kgb kleptocrats , they 're all the same tyrannical bastards . 
  if you want better books and services , then you can pay the higher prices for such bookstores to stay in business . 
  but do n't deprive a channel for other people to buy what they want where they want to prop up your preferences . 
  people should be entitled to buy books where and at what cost they want . 
  it 's not the duty of government to rig prices . 
  presumably it 's done on a weighted average . 
  the employer social security is a bit misleading . 
  they seem to count uk national insurance as social security , but your contributions go into the general pot . 
  because eurovision is a kitch joke that no one from a country with a respectable music scene takes seriously ? 
  it 's astonishing how badly the ecb has mismanaged this crisis . 
  the straightjacket of a single currency is bad enough in holding back the south even if you had reasonable average inflation eurozone-wide . 
  the fact they have failed to stimulate even when average inflation is so low just beggars belief . 
  tens of millions of unemployed are being sacrified on the altar of germany 's inflation-phobia . 
  i 'm still wondering who the uk will get . 
  the presidency has gone to someone they dislike , and now it looks like they wo n't be getting the high representative position they previously held . 
  if they do n't get either of the big two economic portfolios , it will be tough for the `` in '' side of the argument to claim the uk gets influence by being a member . 
  the real danger is mogherini , who is absurdly soft on russia . 
  god knows how the eu thinks it will be influential in the world if it ca n't stand up to imperialists on its own doorstep . 
  if it was signed up to in the treaty , why did n't they make it explicit in the treaty ? 
  because they knew the uk would never have signed it had they done that . 
  i 'm not arguing for going it alone . 
  i 'm arguing for international , flexible communities . 
  somehow singapore , switzerland , norway and new zealand manage to survive and be prosperous without signing up for a federation . 
  yes , they did , but the manner in which the process led to that was not contained in the lisbon treaty and was not signed up to by the nation states . 
  hundreds of thousands of british people have died over the last century for the liberation of europe . 
  my own grandfather came back from the war as a skeleton of a man and my great aunt lost her home to the blitz , due to britain fighting on for others despite being offered generous peace terms . 
  people like you that like to mock and denigrate that make me sick . 
  it 's a good job i know other romanians , so i do n't fall into the trap of believing they 're all scum like you are . 
  i was criticising the behaviour of the european parliament , not the council . 
  if you ca n't follow the argument , then you really are n't on good grounds to yell abuse at others . 
  you seem to be responding to arguments i 'm not making . 
  the terror of communism was an awful one , but it 's one the uk stood unambiguously against . 
  and the people of eastern europe knew how much the uk was in their corner at the time , which is why 20,000 poles turned out to cheer margaret thatcher when she visited poland . 
  that however does n't change the very many major problems with the european union . 
  while not comparable to the ussr , this ever increasing push to federalization has caused a lot of suffering . 
  the single currency has deprived southern europe of the monetary stimulus or exchange rate devaluation that they urgently need to recover . 
  mass migration to the uk has put our own working class in a very difficult position , while also depriving eastern european nations of young people to pay for their pensions . 
  the cap has put up food prices , a much bigger share of poor people 's income than the rich , and has also deprived millions of african farmers from exporting to us . 
  the cet has prevented individual nations from signing their own trade deals with other parts of the world , as norway and switzerland have done to much success . 
  i would love to be part of a flexible , open , prudent community of european nations . 
  along with north america and oceania , we are all part of the west and have a lot in common . 
  but we do n't have enough in common to force us into a federation together without causing enormous problems . 
  have some self-awareness . 
  you are not representative of the general public . 
  http://www.aecr.eu/media/aecramr-european-election-poll.pdf only 8.2 % of respondents were able to name the european people ` s party ` s lead candidate , jean claude juncker . 
  awareness of the candidates in general was also low : only 13.6 % of the respondents could name at least one of the candidates edit : downvotes for bringing up inconvenient facts !, 
  talk about epistemic closure . 
  oh , my entire nation is a fucking joke is it ? 
  makes me wonder why so many are leaving your country and coming to mine . 
  i tell you what a fucking joke is . 
  people downvoting any view that disagrees with them and upvoting pure abuse from their own side . 
  people need to learn some damn civility . 
  being chosen by elected leaders in accordance with the rules gives you legitimacy but not democratic legitimacy . 
  for that the voters need to know who the hell you are . 
  everything from the liberation of europe in the last war , the military fortification of the iron curtain , the intelligence and economic support for democratic societies across eastern europe , british armed forces intervening in the balkans , and the huge amounts of money we hand over to brussels every year . 
  the system for electing the chancellor of germany is clearly dictated in the german basic law . 
  the system for preferred candidates was made up by two or three party groupings and is different to the one written into the lisbon treaty . 
  the immigrants do not go to the sparsely populated areas - they go to the big cities . 
  the areas that have lost their industrial base are the big northern cities , whereas the places that receive the cap are rural areas in the south like the westcountry and east anglia . 
  you clearly do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  it 's almost as if people from outside the uk know a lot less about the country than the people living here , and that the latter would be in a better place to make these decisions than the former . 
  juncker 's appointment was a power grab by the party grouping elite . 
  he had no democratic legitimacy - most of the european public had never heard of him , for christ 's sake . 
  our problems are everything to do with the shape or process of the eu . 
  we are very happy to be in a community of democratic nations - something that is possible thanks to the great sacrifices this country made for your ones over the years . 
  but now we are demonised and hated at every turn purely for wanting to maintain national sovereignty . 
   they got the candidate through even with britain voting no , yes , through strong arm tactics . 
   additionally the terms were clear from the beginning . 
  no , they were n't . 
  the choice of candidate was supposed to be from the council . 
  that 's what the lisbon treaty said . 
  the parliament refused to even consider any other candidate so that they got the power of choice . 
  that 's a political strong arm tactic . 
   losing in a democratic election and not having your shitfit recognized is not being strong armed . 
  cameron may have come third in the uk european election , but the parties that came first , second and fourth also opposed juncker . 
  this country never accepted the concept of the party groupings ( who have no democratic legitimacy seeing as most of the european electorate have never heard of them ) getting the choice , and never signed up for that in any treaties . 
  it was a power grab , pure and simple . 
  if you really think the european elections were voted on the basis of european issues you really are drinking the cool aid . 
  the uk labour party did n't even mention europe in their campaign . 
  the vast majority of the eu public had never heard of the european party groupings , let alone schultz or juncker . 
  the idea that the commission gets democratic legitimacy from all this is a farce . 
  this thread just shows full well how close-minded europhiles are . 
  anyone giving a eurosceptic opinion at all just gets mass downvoted . 
  there 's a complete double standard in europe . 
  the european parliament , who are supposed to just have approval of the european council 's nominee for commission president , this year announced they would n't approve anyone but their single choice . 
  but that 's not considered a strong arm tactic , of course not . 
  right , because believing that a rapidly growing population in the uk is hurting people with a lack of school places and rising house prices , or that the common agricultural policy unnecessarily adds to working people 's food costs , or that there is far too much missing money in structurla funds , or that a single interest rate and exchange rate for very different economies could cause an economic crisis , that 's all equivalent to believing that the sky is falling , right ? 
  this is precisely the sort of attitude that is forcing britain out of the eu .
