  if it were different , you could endlessly raise government spending and bring in more money . 
   the basic issue is that the cost of the financial crisis has been devolved to the working class rather than born by the financial sector themselves . 
  quite possibly , although i would note there have been huge costs to the financial sector , several bank collapses and massive job losses . 
  however , we were n't talking about who 's hurting , we were talking about how to address fiscal deficits , many of which were in place even during the boom times . 
  i agree we need regulation to stop the situation again , but that does n't change the fact that if you 're spending beyond your means , you ca n't not address spending in resolving that . 
  this is a cold , hard economic truth that class warriors do n't want to recognise . 
   but private spending has been severely impacted by cutting social security !, 
  it 's the working class who spend their paychecks on goods and services . 
  people and institutions with a lot of financial reserves sit on them until they see a profitable opportunity , and will keep doing so until we force their hand with inflation or wealth taxation . 
  you do n't need to punish people with little wealth to make them spend , just give them money . 
  it has been exhaustible documented that social spending had a multiplicative effect of more than 100 % : you generate more economic activity than the money it costs the state . 
  social spending has a multiplicative effect on * gdp * of more than 100 % , but not on tax revenue . 
  yes , if you spend money on social spending , you get some of it back through the mechanisms you describe , but certainly not all of it back . 
  it 's not free for the government to do this . 
  thus if you 're spending more than you can afford as a government , and you simply have to make the books balance because nobody will lend you any more , cutting back on spending will balance the books . 
  it sucks , but it 's the grim economic truth . 
  inflation does not close government deficits , and wealth taxes simply do n't bring in much money - go and look at the public accounts in france if you do n't believe me . 
  anyone knowing the numbers would know that you ca n't switch between wealth and income . 
  yes , i 'm fully aware of the gini co-efficient . 
  i 'd point out that canada and australia have similar ginis to european nations and are much wealthier than europe , showing the improved performance of the anglosphere is n't down to income inequality . 
  they have increased taxation . 
  but there 's a limit to how much you can do that before you do n't raise any more money . 
  as for printing money , i agree the ecb should have done this a lot more to stimulate economic activity , but it still does n't make the books of member states ' balance . 
  it 's crazy the number of people who just shout at austerity without grasping the basic issue that needs to be solved . 
  as for your last point , austerity refers to government spending , not private spending . 
  you 're right it hits the poor more , but that 's because the rich are less dependent on government spending . 
  limiting private spending would just make the situation worse , as it would reduce tax receipts - requiring more cuts in government spending . 
  europhiles do that too . 
  nick clegg , the uk deputy pm , goes round saying `` three million jobs are at risk '' if we leave the eu . 
  the guy that wrote the report it comes from says it 's wrong to use it in that way - it 's just the number connected to eu trade - but clegg keeps on using it . 
  the reality is that we all get appalled when the other side uses facts incorrectly , but ignore it as unrepresentative on our own side . 
  the super rich are too few to have a major impact on the average numbers . 
  even poorer us states are wealthier than most western european nations . 
  austerity was inevitable because these countries were spending more than they were bringing in , and the financial markets had stopped lending them any more to close the gap . 
  who do you think should have paid for the gap ? 
  germany ? 
  i agree with that . 
  you realise that places like canada , the usa and australia are all 20 % richer than places like germany , france and italy ? 
  yes , let 's just ignore the 25 % unemployment it 's caused in some of its states ... 
  why is pro-uk `` nationalism '' any more myth-making than a pro-eu `` continentalism '' ? 
  generally everybody believes their intellectual opponents are `` scaremongering '' . 
  i know plenty of pro-eu people who think nigel farage scaremongers , but nick clegg saying `` three million jobs are at risk if we leave '' is n't . 
  eurosceptics would be the reverse . 
  those thirteen colonies had far more in common than the 28 states of the eu do , however . 
  the single market already has a name : the european economic area . 
  i accept traditional british cuisine is worse than france , italy , spain etc. 
  but i do n't see why we get singled out as being worse than places like austria , slovakia , poland . 
  dumplings that sit like rocks in your stomach are n't my idea of good food ... 
  yorkshire puddings . 
  whats driving that birth rate ? 
  natives or immigrant families ? 
  something inspired by the french philosophes who in turn were inspired by the english system . 
  read de montesque . 
   the troops there are pretty much as save as in bavaria . 
  it is romania and not the ukraine . 
  the point is that these troops will be used if russian aggression expands beyond ukraine . 
  if you really think germany is as much at risk of russian aggression as former warsaw pact members then you really are a thick idiot . 
   it is for people like you . 
  what a pathetic cop-out . 
  the continent that this is about is europe , very clearly . 
  you ca n't give a straight answer so you weasel out of the question . 
   do n't talk about freedom brit . 
  you guys have an equal amount of shit on your stick . 
  we have an equal amount of shit on our stick as nazi germany , which systematically executed twelve million jews , gypsies and other ` undesirables ' ? 
  you 've just proved how retarded you really are . 
  i 'm not fucking surprised at this coming from an austrian . 
  germany has confronted its uniquely evil past , but the austrians like to pretend its nothing to do with them . 
   this discussion is over , you are delusional , wank yourself one on the queen or whatever you do but i will no longer answer . 
  you 're a sad , sad man . 
  get over your national inferiority complex already . 
   and i am saying that there is no connection since it is only a nato exercise . 
  we have been at this point twice already . 
  the whole point of nato was to protect the security of europe against russian aggression . 
  and this exercise is clearly to send a message to the russians that we 're not going to take more aggression sitting down . 
  if this is n't about protecting europe , what continent do you think it 's about ? 
  a mexican invasion of the usa perhaps ? 
  taiwanese independence ? 
  you seem to have this ludicrous view that something can only serve europe if it 's through the eu . 
   because they do n't want to ? 
  simple guess . 
  it ca n't be because it is so hard , the exercise is not on the moon . 
  and why do n't they want to ? 
  because germany and france do n't want to risk their troops being on the line against russia should it come to it . 
  they have tried coddling up to russia again and again since this crisis broke out . 
  it 's particularly cynical coming from these countries , who are only free today because democracies stood up against autocracy 70 years ago , yet they 're not willing to do the same today . 
   and nobody can say if it is effective , testing the readiness of the armies to actual respond was a far more meaningful message imo . 
  it 's certainly more effective than doing nothing or asking politely for russia to play nice . 
  but i 'm glad you mentioned the eastern europe rapid reaction force . 
  the main player in that was the uk . 
  germany , france , italy ? 
  nowhere to be seen . 
  i never said anything about being a `` good eu member '' or `` committed to the european cause '' ( whatever that means ) . 
  i talked about being a good or bad european . 
  and i would place putting troops on the line in eastern europe , be it in romania or the baltic states , as a sign of being a good european . 
  yes , these are just ` training exercises ' , but such training exercises are widely used as a sign of willingness to respond to aggressive action in global geopolitics . 
  if it was such an easy thing to do , why are n't french or german troops there ? 
   so were you monitoring that post or what ? 
  i downvoted your main post before i commented , i did not downvote a ny answer . 
  you downvoted me and i do n't care , get over yourself . 
  i happened to click back and forth on my main page when your reply came in , and i saw the downvote happened at the same time .
