  given that juncker 's last job was chairing the eurogroup , and its inept response to the sovereign debt crisis , and before that he was unpopular as he left his position as luxembourg pm , i do n't see what qualifications he has for this job . 
  we 're one of the main four countries paying for the whole institution . 
  i do n't think someone should be appointed that the entirety of one of those countries opposes . 
  there 's no support at all for this guy in the country , either in the general public , or in the political parties . 
  there 's no chance in hell someone would be appointed if the entire german political class and public opposed him . 
  but it 's the uk , and we 're the one large country that the eu does n't give a fuck about . 
  barroso was certainly a consensus among the major countries . 
  at least the tories got 20 % of the vote in scotland . 
  this is ten times worse . 
  we 've historically always had a consensus candidate . 
  presumably we would prefer a moderate eurosceptic . 
  accepting that would be the rest of the eu caving in . 
  a compromise is someone in between that and an arch-federalist like juncker . 
  if we get absolutely zero say in the position that 's heading an organisation which makes half our laws , then it 's about time we leave . 
  and we can take our nine billion a year with us . 
  you must live in a different part of london than i have . 
  the first three places i lived in were all super cramped . 
  the point is the european union is supposed to work by consensus . 
  except if the brits are involved , and then our concerns are completely ignored . 
  all of the four largest political parties in the uk oppose him , and more than 99 % of british voters voted against him . 
  in fact , in the european elections in the uk , the self-styled `` party of in '' got virtually wiped out , while the `` party of out '' topped the polls . 
  you 'd think if the europeans cared about our views at all , they might try to find a compromise candidate who was acceptable to everyone . 
  if they go ahead with juncker , it will make absolutely clear they do n't give a fuck about british views , and we should leave . 
   that was my point . 
  you claimed a reduction in uk/eu trade would create jobs through less imports while neglecting to consider the inevitable lower exports . 
  i think we were arguing at cross purposes . 
  we both accept there 's an effect both ways . 
  i was just saying the `` three million jobs at risk '' number does n't acknowledge that . 
  to be honest , the uk runs a deficit with the eu , so it 's actually likely the uk would be slightly better off if trade dropped . 
  having said that , i think we 'd have an fta so it would n't change anyway . 
   we do n't dictate everything and cameron isolating himself did n't help . 
  we have friends in europe who oppose further federalisation such as the netherlands and sweden but we need to work with them to counter balance france and germany . 
  but the netherlands and sweden have tiny populations . 
  them plus the uk will never come close to opposing france + germany + their allies . 
  as i mentioned , blair gave huge amounts of money and coddled up to the eu all the time . 
  it still won him nothing . 
  we were supposed to get cap reform , but it never happened . 
   business wants stability . 
  as a non-member we would n't be able to offer that in regards to access to the common market . 
  we would be powerless to affect changes to the common markets rules and defend our industries in it . 
  we 're powerless right now . 
  our votes are only like 8 % and nobody ever agrees with us . 
  i 'm no fan of the banks , but some of the financial regulation they brought in is obviously stupid to anyone that knows the sector , and yet we were flatly ignored in the debate . 
  sure . 
  they would have their say , and then they 'd be ignored . 
  the rest of the epp parties want a federalist europe , and the british conservatives want national sovereignty . 
  those are fundamentally incompatible positions . 
  they may as well be in the pes . 
  they 'd be listened to just as much . 
  i 've seen that charity be a bit arbitrary and exaggerated with their `` affordability '' definitions in the past , but the problem is definitely there . 
  unless we 're prepared to massively concrete over the countryside around london , we have to just accept we ca n't cope with the population growth we have here . 
  otherwise it 's going to become a preserve for the rich alone , like monaco . 
  i have nothing against migrants , but i really think we need to limit the inflow just to have a break for ten years and allow us to catch up . 
  they work as hard for less because they 're earning more money in real terms . 
  the cost of living between the uk and eastern europe is so great they 're effectively earning three times as much . 
  but strangely i do n't think that 40 year old british construction workers should have to sleep five to a room . 
  he deserves to be able to get a job on a decent salary without having the market undercut by foreign labour willing to work on a lot less because its worth more to him back home . 
  i do n't blame the migrants for doing that , but it really hurts decent working class people in the uk . 
  national procurement should be done on value for money , not as a public works program . 
  i do n't see much point in spain , italy , germany developing their own aircraft anyway . 
  it 's not like they ever stand up to foreign aggression at any point . 
  if the uk is going to lose jobs to other eu countries because trade breaks down and there are less exports to the eu , there 's a flip side to that . 
  the eu loses jobs to the uk because trade breaks down and there are less exports to the uk . 
  i actually do n't think that would happen because we 'd sign an fta , but you ca n't claim it would happen one way and not the other . 
  as for losing our say on european matters , the whole juncker debate shows full well that we do n't have any say as it is . 
  it was the same case when blair gave away half our rebate , massively upping our fees , and got sweet fa in return . 
  any attempt at repatriation will also show we do n't have any influence . 
  as for bases for international businesses , we could maintain free trade access even if we left . 
  korea and mexico have free trade agreements with the eu , so we certainly could . 
  and we 'd no longer have france standing in our way preventing ftas being signed with brazil , india , canada , australia etc. . . 
  it 's not just `` not enough people '' it 's `` virtually no-one '' . 
  nowhere in the world would a major area accept the rule of someone who got a fraction of a percent of the vote . 
  it 's not like he even has a mandate in the rest of the continent . 
  the epp got less than 30 % of the vote , and that was n't even people voting for the epp . 
  they voted for their own national parties . 
  90 % of voters do n't even know who juncker is . 
  maybe the people who were at home on unemployment benefits could work those unskilled jobs ? 
  or are you suggesting that all unemployed people in the uk just decide not to work ? 
  the conservatives , because one of their core beliefs is fundamentally diametric to the policy of the epp . 
  are you suggesting that they should have stayed in to give legitimacy to a man like juncker , who they completely disagree with ? 
  making the eu more democratic means appointing a guy to head the thing who got 0.2 % of the vote in the uk ? 
  the eurofighter had massive cost and overruns affecting it , did n't it ? 
  perhaps british people understand the issues facing their country more than continental europhiles sneering from abroad ? 
  it 's actually a very similar situation . 
  the same half-cocked analyses to justify scaremongering by the pro-eu elite . 
  this analysis is the same : it 's just the total number of jobs connected to trade with any other eu country . 
  it completely ignores the fact that huge amounts of trade would happen anyway , particularly as we 'd maintain a free trade agreement , and the fact that , of the trade eliminated , we 'd probably create a few jobs to replace people from europe selling us stuff . 
  immigrants in total , but that ignores huge variation between different groups . 
  no major party is recommending we eliminate all migration , just reduce it among the unskilled where the contribution is a lot less . 
  because we never did any trade with the eu before we joined , right ? 
  haha , you have n't had much experience with the uk treasury over the years . 
   not across the board , for example ireland chose to maintain its low corporate tax rate . 
  right , because a huge part of ireland 's economy is only based there due to the low corporate tax rate . 
  if they put it up , the googles and other companies would leave , and they 'd have less money . 
  tax is n't some magic thing that you can endlessly raise and bring in more money . 
   there 's also a limit to cutting social services where you end up with less economic activity and less tax income . 
  that limit has been crossed eagerly . 
  actually , every cut in social services will reduce tax income from the first dollar . 
  but the reduction in revenue is smaller than the reduction in saving . 
  in economics speak , the multiplier is less than one .
