`` ever closer union '', 
  right . 
  i 'm no fan of david cameron , but people do n't seem to appreciate here that is genuinely representing the public 's position . 
  there 's a fundamental problem that all the other nation 's want to federalize into a single state , while the uk wants an economic arrangement . 
  the obvious answer is that we just replace the uk 's eu membership with a simple uk-fta . 
  that way the uk gets to limit immigration , the eu gets to federalize , and we 're not constantly getting angry at each other . 
  haha . 
  was n't me i 'm afraid . 
  i ca n't believe people are downvoting this . 
  whether or not you want the uk to be in the eu , the attitude of `` no !, 
  you must be part of our family and no other '' is really obnoxious . 
  huge subsidies to eu farmers ... 
  as a brit , i agree . 
  i think we need an associate member status for places like the uk , turkey , ukraine . 
  only the turks in the 3 % of turkey that 's in europe are european . 
  so it 's for the europhiles to judge that euroscepticism is n't `` opposition '' , and can thus get less speaking time . 
  absurd . 
  if you 're talking about ukip , you would surely realise that it would just be getting a small slither of the uk 's own money back . 
  do n't pretend it 's anyone else giving it to them . 
  we 're a massive net contributor . 
  it 's far better it comes back to our own political parties than to some corrupt italian land-owner . 
  the front national have clear links to neo-nazis . 
  the british right wing is strongly democratic , unlike less pleasant european counterparts . 
  that 's just another reason for the uk to leave the eu . 
  no-ones talking about them shutting down everything . 
  just giving them their fair share of funding and speaking time . 
   i 'm saying politicians are using it as a scapegoat for just about everything under the sun can you link to me a quote of a major uk politician doing that ? 
   excuse me , but you did write a big long piece about the problems you see caused by immigration , from anywhere outside the uk . 
  this was presented in a discussion about free movement of labour across the eu . 
  moreover you used arguments about immigration in general ( many of which are applicable to non-eea immigration ) in a discussion about immigration from eea countries . 
  how is that not saying that they are one and the same or dare i say equating them ? 
  the two types of immigration have things in common and have things which are differences . 
  in the post that you responded to , i listed the complaints that applied to eea immigration and did n't list the additional problems we have with non-eea immigration . 
  that 's not equating the two . 
   secondly , i did n't call anybody a bigot but i do believe that it does constitute prejudice . 
  in many cases opposition to free movement of labour is not based on the reality of the phenomenon , as reflected by serious academic studies , but on people 's perceptions of it . 
  given that it has already led to a popular push to restrict eea migrants claiming benefits ( when they rarely claim them ) , it seems very , very divorced from reality . 
  opposition to immigration can be caused by either bigotry or by very sensible and legitimate complaints . 
  given that more than 70 % of the country wants to restrict immigration , and that i do n't believe most of the country are informed mainly be prejudice , most opposition is coming from reasonable concerns . 
  the push to restrict migrants claiming benefits when they 've just got off the boat is a very reasonable one . 
  it does n't matter that fewer claim benefits : it 's because most people feel that you or your family should have paid in before being able to claim from it . 
  the restrictions suggested are the most basic : just requiring you 've been here a matter of months first . 
  having said that , i do feel the issue is exaggerated but that 's not because of popular prejudice . 
  it 's because david cameron wants to pretend to the public he is doing something about european immigration and he 's not allowed to do much else . 
  as for your last position , i was n't expecting to convince you - and i think the worst `` disaster '' is too strong - but i feel capable of convincing most people that free movement is far more negative than a points-based system . 
  when did i ever equate it with non-eea immigration ? 
  the burden on the nhs absolutely does apply . 
  even if they use it less per person , there 's still an aggregate demand that is increasing , and it takes time for the nhs to grow to meet that demand . 
  in the meantime , there 's a shortfall . 
  telling people who have concerns about immigrants that they 're racists is what is driving people to ukip . 
  sanctions on gas exports and closing the dardanelles to russian ships would have been a pretty clear sign by nato . 
  it is not xenophobic to have concerns about immigration , and it 's a despicable attempt to delegitimise those with concerns when you do it . 
  the vast majority of the british public want to reduce immigration , so you 're effectively saying they 're all bigots . 
  there are plenty of good reasons why you can oppose immigration : - it increases house prices as you have more and more people trying to live in the same housing stock . 
  yes , you can build more homes , but that ( a ) takes a long time to catch-up and ( b ) means you have to either build on back gardens , the green belt or cram people into high rises . 
  - it adds to pressure on the health service . 
  i live in brent in north west london , and it generally takes me about a week and a half to get a gp appointment . 
  immigration is not the only factor here , but it is clearly a contributory one : one walk into the gp waiting room demonstrates this . 
  - there are negative effects on education . 
  london has a huge shortage of school places , and a big part of this is due a population boom among immigrant mothers , who have more children than the native-born . 
  also , when the majority of a class do not speak english as a first language , it holds back the language development or native and immigrant children alike . 
  - it reduces social solidarity . 
  national identity is an effective way for people to act unselfishly because they want to help people they can relate to . 
  this is pure human instinct , and happens even in left-leaning places like scandinavia . 
  by having mass immigration and a `` multicultural '' mentality where people are not expected to integrate , people feel increasingly alienated from each other . 
  also , immigrants are much less likely to join community organisations like neighbourhood watches , rotary clubs , working men 's clubs , etc , unless they 're are based around their ethnic group . 
  immigration is a good and positive thing , but the numbers need to be reasonable and it needs to be filtered . 
  you say that there are a lot of skilled people coming . 
  well , great , but why do we need to let in the huge numbers of beggars that have proliferated in london over the last few years ? 
  they ca n't get it down to `` the tens of thousands '' because eu net migration is above that . 
  the ridiculous thing is , if the west had just made a decent stand i ukraine , russia would have backed down . 
  instead the eu , driven by germany , went softly-softly and just invited more aggression . 
  i would have thought , of any country , germany would have known how important it is to enforce collective deterrence against authoritarian regimes , but apparently not . 
  their entire democratic regime is thanks to the uk and the usa getting involved when they did n't need to , and yet they 're happy to leave ukraine and other places to the wolves . 
  selfish fucks . 
  that 's because they have only got to 15 % since the last election . 
  they 'll get seats next time round , although not a fair amount , due to the inequities in our electoral system . 
  ah got you . 
  apologies for misreading your point . 
  the margins were actually bigger than expected , by the way . 
  ukip want a federal uk , so you are completely wrong about the scottish parliament . 
  so out of two claims , you 've been wrong on both . 
  at least we are prepared to do what is militarily necessary to defend europe . 
  germany piggy backs on other nato countries spending for it , refused to get involved to stop a massacre in benghazi , and is putin 's whipping boy over ukraine . 
  the financial sector is about 8 % of uk gdp . 
  have a look at the opinion polls - it 's about 50-50 for leaving . 
  if you ask the british what they would ideally want , a huge majority say a trade relationship and little more . 
  there 's just debate about whether that is possible inside the eu . 
  you do n't sustain 15 % in the opinion polls for years on end just because you 're a protest party . 
  people have been dismissing ukip as a flash in the pan for too long . 
  the vast majority of current conservative voters would vote to leave the eu . 
  if cameron gave up all euroscepticism , he 'd lose his entire base to ukip . 
  having said that , it 's worth bearing in mind that one of the reasons carswell defected from the conservatives was because cameron had told him that he only wanted as much renegotiation as possible to win an in-out referendum . 
  he does n't want `` first line countries '' people out of the uk . 
  he just wants to reduce the numbers still coming here , with a filtered points system as we have for the rest of the world . 
  ukip 's plans to have an option for british residency for eu citizens that have been working here long enough after we withdraw . 
  i think a lot of people work themselves up into a lather about what farage represents , often seen through the lens of much more extremist right-wing parties elsewhere on the continent , rather than actually look at his actual plans . 
  i suppose you do n't think people benefit from the single market either ? 
  asked which current world leader he most admired , farage replied : `` as an operator , but * not as a human being * , i would say putin . 
  `` the way he played the whole syria thing .
