  brilliant . 
  * not that i approve of him politically . 
  * how many journalists in jail now ? '', 
  you 're speaking bullshit . 
  the whole economy is a web of corruption spreading out from moscow , with the kremlin at its locus . 
  it has n't moved on since moscow managed to conquer the rest of russia by screwing over its countrymen for the benefit of the mongol khans . 
  the last reason gives away the motivation for a lot of pro-eu people 's decisions ... 
  agreed , but they can grant it on their own terms . 
  no , what 's happened is that planning permission was given pre-crisis when there were better returns to be had . 
  after planning permission was granted , we had a massive financial crisis . 
  a lot of these developers decided not it was no longer financially prudent to go ahead with such projects in a volatile economic environment , preferring to wait a few years for things to settle down . 
  given we have a massive crisis of underhousing in london , local borough councils decided to relinquish some of the requirements to improve the economic feasibility of these projects . 
  getting the stuff built without the additional affordable housing ratios is better than not getting it built at all . 
  the thing that needs to be remembered in all this is that it needs an act of the uk parliament to grant independence . 
  in the uk , you get government guarantees when you book through a travel agency . 
  far better guarantees than booking with a foreign hotel directly . 
  given that you do n't have the intelligence to be aware of the difference between commenting and complaining , i do n't think you 're one to comment . 
  but i do love the completely unnecessary bash at americans . 
  somehow these low self-esteem , low iq americans manage to achieve an [ economy with far more output per capita than eu nations ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/_otfwl2zc6qc/s1c7-ttdd0i/aaaaaaaameo/cpepjzdmx1o/s1600-h/eu2008new.jpg ) . 
  i also note you laughably point to * changes * in unemployment in the * eu * . 
  the relevant number to compare is the * actual unemployment rate * in the * eurozone * . 
  that 's 11.5 % , relative to 11.5 % last quarter and 6.2 % in the uk . 
  maybe a right-winger could have explained that to you . 
  fine with me . 
  i read the whole article and their criticism seems to boil down to : ( 1 ) property developers are connected to lots of rich people . 
  does n't seem like a crime . 
  ( 2 ) property developers are doing lots of expensive building projects in london . 
  well , good . 
  we need more housing here . 
  you just need to ban anyone other than individuals donating money to political parties , and we could get rid of the hedge funds and union barons corrupting the system with one stroke . 
  it 's not just the stupid interest rate policy , we were also helped out by a 30 % depreciation in currency . 
  low inflation from depressed economic output ... yeah ... 
  all i can say is thank god we never joined the euro . 
  edit : got to love how this comment was +12 and has now fallen to +3 . 
  europhiles ca n't stand to hear any criticism can they ? 
  just wait until we get a eu4 to vicky 2 converter . 
  victorian british empire including the american colonies ... awww yiss . 
  they would explain it by saying euro and schengen membership and required for new entrants . 
  my point is that there 's nothing standing in the way of people with a drive and a work ethic , regardless of background . 
  ` a ' levels are easy enough that anyone can get as and bs , and anyone can get a loan to cover the cost of university . 
  sure , it 's easier if you go to posh schools . 
  but you can get to a top ten university with aab at ` a ' level . 
  if you put the work in , you can do that at virtually any school . 
  the reason kids in bad schools do worse is usually that they do n't give a fuck and do n't put in much though to their future . 
  i know because i 've volunteered to help at underprivileged schools , and it 's only a handful of kids , mainly those of east asian backgrounds , that actually try to work . 
  they 're going to do very well , while those that were always dossing about wo n't . 
  no , i just reject the `` ohmigod i 'm so oppressed '' attitude that predominates on reddit . 
  i accept there 's something of a skew , but his argument that it 's `` unlikely to happen unless he 's been to oxbridge '' is just bullshit . 
  as and bs at a level are achievable for anyone of medium intelligence that works hard , and from then on you 're on your way . 
   theres no chance of me being able to afford to live in london unless im extremely well paid , and thats unlikely to happen if i havent been to oxbridge , and thats unlikely to happen unless i 've been to public school etc etc. 
  the numbers are just better for young people elsewhere . 
  this is crap . 
  i went to a state school , got four good a levels , went to a red brick university , got a first class degree , and now have a well-paying job and a flat in london . 
  i think people like making excuses for themselves . 
  it 's the civil service strategy . 
  from yes , minister : bernard woolley : what if the prime minister insists we help them ? 
  sir humphrey appleby : then we follow the four-stage strategy . 
  bernard woolley : what 's that ? 
  sir richard wharton : standard foreign office response in a time of crisis . 
  sir richard wharton : in stage one we say nothing is going to happen . 
  sir humphrey appleby : stage two , we say something may be about to happen , but we should do nothing about it . 
  sir richard wharton : in stage three , we say that maybe we should do something about it , but there 's nothing we * can * do . 
  sir humphrey appleby : stage four , we say maybe there was something we could have done , but it 's too late now . 
  why do the poles think we 're godless traitors ? 
  as a ukip supporter , i completely agree . 
  centre point to centre point i 'd say . 
  i 'd say the dutch are pretty close to british culture , but they have such marginal influence on the eu it does n't really matter . 
  do you think it 's the best use of eu funds for half of it to be spent on agricultural subsidies ? 
  as a left-winger , he 's probably not too keen . 
  yes , part . 
  if the eu was just north germany , the low countries and scandinavia , it would be much closer to the uk . 
  but it 's not . 
  it 's full of southern european religious conservatism , a culture of corruption , and an anti-business outlook . 
  - histories : `` trying to invade each other '' is not `` shared history '' . 
  by that logic the usa and vietnam have shared history . 
  clearly nonsense . 
  - culture : scotland absolutely has class society . 
  only people that know nothing about scotland would suggest otherwise . 
  in fact , england and scotland were unique in europe for the development of a gentry class between the commoners and the aristocracy - language : firstly , do you realise how few people speak scots ? 
  secondly , scots is an anglic language that evolved from middle english as is entirely intelligible with english - religious background : read some max weber . 
  it 's the brand of christianity that matters . 
  the divide between catholic europe and protestant europe has been very clear over the sovereign debt crisis . 
  - legal systems : yes , there is quite a bit of europe in that now and it causes big issues in the uk because it jars so badly with our common law system i think the weakness of the arguments in your post means i can pretty much rest my case here . 
  i think it 's the same two or three . 
  i think they have a chip on their shoulder about the uk daring to have a debate about allowing unlimited unskilled labour from their country to come here . 
  well , scotland and the rest of the uk have very similar histories , culture , language , religious background , legal systems and constitutional development . 
  the uk and the rest of the eu do n't . 
  that was n't difficult . 
  just not scottish nats . 
  god damn those outlets that have a different point of view to us !, 
  how dare they !, 
  yeah , pretty sure the poorest part of the uk is wealthier than the richest part of romania . 
  this is absurd . 
  the bulk of brits like america . 
  if anything , anti-americanism is more virulent in scotland than in england . 
  what exactly did london do to `` keep all modern economic development '' ? 
  the scots seem to move between `` we 're wealthy so we can go it alone '' and `` we 're poor so are getting screwed over by the uk '' so seemlessly , it 's hard to keep up . 
  we will lose 9 % of our dairy herd ? 
  how will we ever cope !, 
  your analogy fails because pushing over an old person is a bad thing , while not signing up for flawed currency unions is a good thing .
