   i do n't ignore the economics , i point out that it is n't the master-slave relation you make it out to be . 
  again , this is silly use of emotive language that suggests your emotions are clouding your logic . 
  ultimately the us will need to balance its books too . 
  if greece gave every creditor the finger , that would cause a lot of businesses to move their money out of greece , contracting economic activity and sending them into deficit again . 
  then they 'd have to cut once again - just faster . 
  it 's possible they could have a big enough surplus so they could have that contraction and still maintain it , but they have a way to go yet . 
  oh , and how did greece get to the point where it had a primary surplus ? 
  oh yes : austerity . 
  so even in your scenario , austerity was still needed . 
   we 're below the inflation target right now . 
  if anything , there are n't enought debts being monetised in the eurozone . 
  yes , perhaps . 
  however , there are a lot of very serious economists that believe direct monetisation could well cause a collapse a financial crisis as people lose faith in the economy ( e.g. 
  richard koo - a proud keynesian ) . 
  but even if you do n't buy that , you there is a limit to how much you monetise . 
  ultimately , inflation expectations set in , self-perpetuating the base inflation , and further monetisation would rise the inflation rate even . 
  so you 'd be permanently increasing the inflation rate until it 's unsustainable and hitting runaway levels . 
   no , i do n't accept that framing . 
  austerity is not just balancing the books ( which obviously should be the default policy ) , austerity is prioiritizing the needs of the creditors above the needs of the population . 
  it should be an agreement between equals . 
  in particular in this situation , where there is a printing press and there 's plenty of idle credit sloshing around in the financial markets , we should never let private creditors dictate public policy in their favor . 
  you can reject the framing of gravity too if you like , but things will still fall to the ground . 
  it 's just the way things work . 
  if you borrow stuff from people and do n't give it to them back , then you 'll find it hard to borrow in future . 
  the reason `` idle credit '' is hanging about in the financial system is that the returns on capital are n't worth the risk of investing for those investors . 
  the idea you can access it by making lending to you a fuck load more risky is absurd . 
  if you do n't want creditors to have control over you then the answer is to run your public finances that you do n't need to borrow them in the first place . 
  the idea that you can just say `` well our population needs this stuff so we can ignore the economics '' is just absurd . 
  on who 's hurting , my point is just that sometimes necessary actions hurt people . 
  but if they 're necessary , you do n't have much choice . 
  i thus saw our debate about being whether austerity was necessary or not . 
  i appreciate all your points , and i agree that the ecb has played a disastrous role here . 
  but the bond-buying scheme has only stopped the immediate market panic . 
  it wo n't stop the simple basis that these countries were spending more than they were bringing in fiscally . 
  sooner or later people will stop lending to you , and it 's unsustainable to have the ecb endlessly monetise debts - eventually it just ends with an inflation spiral . 
  the only way those budgets can be balanced is by cuts . 
  when it cuts it does have the keynesian effect you say , and you 're right that the more thoughtless right wingers do n't acknowledge that . 
  but it 's still inevitable that you need to balance your budget ( or close to balance it ) at some point . 
  so yes , you 'll actually need to cut more than fiscal deficit . 
  that sucks , but that 's life . 
  we can have a debate about the right timing for austerity , but it 's required sooner or later . 
  i do n't think a single market is all that different from a modern trading bloc . 
  the main difference is just that you need country of origin marking . 
  frankly , i 'd prefer that then all the bolted on eu stuff . 
  if the rest of the eu wants to go ahead with integration , that 's fine , but i think we should have a free trade area with associate members . 
  that would solve the uk , turkey and ukraine issues . 
  on identities , yes they can shift . 
  but not endlessly . 
  and they ca n't be artificially forced . 
  they typically reflect people 's experiences . 
  the reason scots feel more scottish and less british is because deindustrialisation affected scotland and southern england very differently . 
  i think that 's a shame , but if that 's what they feel then of course they should get self-determination . 
  the idea that nations will replace their identity with a european one is utterly utopian . 
  greeks are not swedes and they wo n't ever be . 
  i asked an italian friend recently when he thought mass corruption would stop in italy , and he replied `` not in the next hundred years '' . 
  the uk would never feel culturally in tune with that . 
  we already have customs - we 're not in the schengen zone . 
  if you mean customs duties , well i 'm sure we can negotiate a trade deal along the eu-korea lines . 
  we will also be able to negotiate them with the rest of the world . 
  agreed . 
  i know a lot of people in the conservative party who were on the fence about eu membership that have told me today they now feel we are better off out . 
  cameron 's successor will have to be much more eurosceptic than he is to get the job . 
   i agree on the first part . 
  but it 's kind of hard to define who the ` best ' candidate is is n't it ? 
  should we institute exams ? 
  of course not . 
  the lead candidates were chosen amongst their political groups , that already implies they have the necessary qualifications ( is politics a meritocracy ? 
  hell no . ) . 
  you have an open and honest debate among the national leaders . 
  that 's what they did with the imf , and picked a very good candidate in christine lagarde . 
  juncker is just appalling , however , he 's both morally flawed - look at his various statements about ignoring the results of referendum and lying to transfer sovereignty - and administratively incompetent : he utterly failed in addressing the euro crisis , and even denied spain needed support . 
   main point : what do you think is more democratic , or where the public is more involved in - the member states coming together and picking whoever the hell they want ? 
  or , political groups electing someone to field as their candidate for the ec presidency , and then having the european electorate vote on them ? 
  yes , lack of voter turn-out is a problem , as well as the candidates ' anonimity amongst voters , but it 's not an argument to shoot the whole process down , it 's a point for improvement . 
  i think they 're both undemocratic - you ca n't have democratic legitimacy when no-one knows who you are . 
  you had 28 separate elections which were then added up in a random way to produce a lead candidate . 
  it makes no sense at all . 
  democracies work on the national level because those are the units that most people identify with . 
   you 're painting this picture of the eu as this alien behemoth who 's imposing regulations on helpless member states and citizens . 
  first , legislation is for the most part related to this ` economic community ' , or the single market . 
  it is there were the parliament and member states are co-legislators . 
  second , and related to this , you 're disregarding the fact that there 's an entire legislative process behind these regulations , where member states even have a de facto veto ( council votes by consensus ) . 
  these ` unelected ' bureaucrats ( i 'm guessing the european commission ? 
  they 're not devoid of democratic legitimacy , but could be improved ) are just one part of the whole process ( and a little bit of technocracy in legislation is a good thing i 'd argue - policy not politics ) . 
  the european commissioners are typically failed national politicians rejected by their home countries . 
  failures like mandelson and kinnock were commissioners from the uk before now , and i 've seen the same thing happen in other countries . 
  if you want to make it democratic , have each country vote directly on their own commission appointment . 
  and the laws go far beyond what 's necessary for a trading bloc . 
  nafta , asean etc do n't need half of this stuff . 
   lastly , on this idea of national sovereignty , it 's for the most part an argument on tradition . 
  sure , of course i agree that some things are better left to member states , but for a whole lot of other policy issues where clinging to national sovereignty wo n't help us solve them ( climate change , tax evasion , etc ) . 
  the tricky part is delineating them . 
  it 's certainly not mostly an argument on tradition . 
  nation states are what people identify with and willing to have solidarity with . 
  that 's because they have a common national conversation in one language , have their own histories and political cultures . 
  in places like the uk , we even have our own legal tradition , that works very poorly with the civil law directive system . 
  the difference in levels of corruption is also vast . 
  the occasional issue like climate change and tax evasion can be done by international agreements - it 's not like the eu is big enough to handle them alone anyway . 
  it just gives another layer of politicians that you need to agree . 
  do you have any opinion polls that show the people of the rest of europe want to form a superstate ?
