  that 's true . 
  however , if i ca n't be didactic on reddit , where can i be ? 
   a windmill is a __ mill __ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mill there are actually numerous types of __ mill __ that i had n't considered . 
  they are all devices which physically process some material however . 
  electricity generators seem not included . 
   a classic mill is called a windmolen , yes but a classic mill grinds stuff . 
  wind-powered pumps are called wind-pumps in english . 
  we call the turbines windmills here in the uk too , but it 's technically wrong . 
  saw-mills , you can have . 
  i do n't think there were ever wind-sawmills though ( i look forward to being corrected ) . 
  why am i the only one who finds ` dong energy ' funny ? 
  they are not actually mills . 
  mills grind stuff up . 
  these are wind turbine electricity generators . 
  welll . . 
  i think we should maintain that integration , not dismantle it . 
  i found this was recently posted in / r/todayilearned https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pax_europaea, 
  true , but what is that thing that has changed ? 
  technology has , but that is n't innately peace-promoting . 
  large regions with minimal conflict tend to have institutions in common . 
  many of the changes are mediated in some way by the eu . 
  you might assume that trade conflict between the uk and rest of europe could no longer escalate into violence , but that 's another leap in the dark . 
   i ca n't see how an exit would de - / increase the chance of war . 
  it would increase trade conflict , which is one of the causes of wars . 
  the wish to avoid further wars after ww2 was one of the founding reasons for the creation of the eu https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union#preliminary_.281945.e2.80.9357.29 it has worked - there has been a long run of peace between the eu member states . 
   under some understandings of omniscience god simply sets up the universe with the right initial conditions and let 's it run , like a giant domino chain . 
  that leaves humans with no free will , which conflicts with basic christian ideas . 
  there is potentially still freedom under the guided nature idea . 
  the trouble with that is that there is no evidence of it . 
  and , that 's by definition not natural selection , but guided selection . 
   oh yes it is : our free will , as it is sourced from our souls , is partly independent of the physical world : as god can mess with quantum uncertainty to bring about specific genetic mutations , so can our souls mess with it as far as our own bodies , our own brains , are concerned . 
  surely that is n't compatibilism , but metaphysical libertarianism ? 
  you are saying that the parents of a child born of adultery , were capable of not committing the sin of adultery and of not bringing that child into the world ? 
  if so does that mean god does not know which individual people will exist in the next generation ? 
   i do n't see anything about god in that definition , do you ? 
  indeed . 
  there is nothing for god to do in the process , and no sign of him in it . 
  you are right that this does n't preclude the existence of a deity , but it does mean either that it is n't intervening in its creation , or that everything is deterministic and there is no free will . 
  that 's a problem for catholicism . 
  typically catholics believe that god is influencing the world in subtle ways to produce individual people , but that those people are capable of choosing their actions . 
  to believe in ns is to believe that god did n't make the species , or any individuals . 
  give the wiki article a read . 
  it 's interesting . 
   why do you put free will , whatever that is supposed to mean in a radical sense , on such a pedestal ? 
  i am open on the question of whether free will really exists . 
  maybe its all deterministic , or maybe something like a quantum effect allows our consciousness to influence the matter of which we are composed . 
  compatibilism is really just a description of determinism , it seems to me . 
  it uses a different definition of free will than that used by christians . 
  and that 's the point , it is not i who puts free-will on a pedestal , but christians do . 
  that 's why they should not just accept that god is making us via the mechanism of a deterministic natural selection , but that we are responsible for our actions . 
  that 's not a coherent view . 
  back to the point though , natural selection as darwin meant it means that the breeding selection arises spontaneously and not under any guidance . 
  natural selection leaves god with nothing to do though . 
  it 's natural , not supernatural . 
  * `` i like the rain it rains on me god made the rain and god made me !, 
  i 'd be interested to know what catholic theology has to say about it . 
  it does n't surprise me that they have considered the issue . 
  edit : i 'll guess that it 's [ compatibilism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compatibilism ) but that does n't satisfy the definition of free-will for this thought experiment . 
  in the compatibilist view our ancestors were still unable to choose different partners than they did . 
  okey dokey . 
  i find the god of the gaps to be analogous to looking for an endangered species . 
  as you search more and more habitat looking for evidence of its survival , excluding more and more places , eventually there comes a point where it 's rational to deem it extinct . 
  sometimes ` extinct ' species turn up , but that does n't make it rational to act as though they are all surviving . 
   the catholic church does n't say that the word of god as found in the bible should ever be used as a substitute for empirical analysis of natural phenomena , that 's a healthier attitude than some churches of course , at least as far as the physical world is concerned . 
  yes . 
   a catholic sciencentist is instructed to observe natural  phenomena in the same way an atheist would , while acknowledging a divine power , whose influence exists at the purest first movement causality . 
  well there 's the problem , there is no evidence of the divine power . 
  having said that catholic scientists have produced a great deal of good work so it does n't break the process completely . 
   wherever we have n't unraveled the curtain is god and once we 've unraveled that curtain , there 's another one behind it with god . 
  atheists call this the ` god of the gaps ' or the ` gaps argument ' . 
  the trouble we see with that is that it leaves god ever-shrinking as we uncover more information and take away the divine mysteries , though never vanishing completely . 
  anyway , my key point is that the vatican does not endorse darwinian natural selection . 
  they have another , less-coherent mechanism of evolution instead . 
  here is a thought-experiment that you might enjoy : imagine that god has made you . 
  he has decided what your genetic make-up is and designed you as the individual that you are . 
  this seems consistent with theistic evolutionists views . 
  consider what god must have done in order to achieve this . 
  he has . 
  as it were , dialled-though all the combinations of dna in your ancestors in order to step-by-step , build you . 
  he must have controlled every successful mating to produce every one of your ancestors , and of all other people , right back the simplest living things . 
  he decided which creatures should live , to reproduce to lead eventually to your dna combination , and which creatures must not live to reproduce as they are not part of his end-plan . 
  he either intervened in individual cases to kill or aid creatures , or perhaps he merely set off a start-condition and knew the outcome already . 
  he must have controlled the romances of all your human ancestors . 
  he decided who had kids with whom , all the way back . 
  this conflicts with the idea of free will in humans . 
  well , it is pro-science in that it tries to fit with what we observe about living things . 
  however it is anti-science in the way that it assumes a magic guiding hand , when there is no evidence of that , and no need for one to explain the observations . 
  there is still a type of design in theistic evolution , an end-point - with humans for example - that god is purportedly engineering . 
  natural selection in darwin 's sense is not guided , it is by definition what arises without guidance . 
   he 's right that it is mandatory . 
  it is a legal requirement , there are several types of school with differing rules about religion in general . 
  most have collective worship but private schools do n't have to follow the national curriculum . 
  http://www.secularism.org.uk/types-of-school.html edit : clarified and made more better . 
  how old are you ? 
  i was at primary school in the 70s and sang hymns . 
  that was long before the national curriculum though . 
  not all schools in the uk have mandatory worship . 
  ( edit : but on reflection , i think all publicly-funded ones do ) there are many types of school actually : http://www.secularism.org.uk/types-of-school.html, 
  the catholic church accepts evolution , but not natural selection . 
  theistic evolution is a type of creationism ( though separate from the young-earth creationists of the evangelical movement ) .
