  they could teach [ theistic evolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theistic_evolution ) instead . 
  it should be noted that the headline here is misleading . 
  this ruling applies to state schools , not public schools , which can still teach what they like ( though no public school in the uk is crappy enough to teach creationism ) . 
  as an englishman working for the government and living in london , i certainly perceive prices as going up sharply , especially housing costs . 
  it 's not all about leaving . 
  there is free trade and improved regulation from the eu to consider . 
  its the same as any politically contentious issue . 
  you can seriously be suggesting people everywhere should physically destroy anything they do n't agree with ? 
   just because something is dangerous and/or illegal does n't mean it should n't be done . 
  in general , it does mean that , unless there are alternatives , which in most cases , like this one , there are . 
  now that 's just silly . 
  the point was whether its a logical response to the facility being there . 
  political protest is not illegal in norway and would not be dangerous , or particularly wasteful either . 
  murder is illegal in most places , and that means that should not do it in those places , for ones own safety among other reasons . 
  where a law is wrong , deal with that by whatever means are not onerously dangerous , wasteful , or illegal . 
  it 's dangerous and wasteful , and illegal . 
  oh yes . 
  i suppose it might mean wide ... 
  i ca n't see the caption that you quote . 
  perhaps they changed it ? 
  that 's a lot of rubbish , in any case . 
  you might be surprised . 
  i do n't think many of the eu politicians are fond of what the usa has been doing . 
  if they have a mandate they might well react . 
  most of them can do those things . 
  bring back chimneys !, 
  maybe if it were populated they could make work servicing the population ? 
  it worked in the us . 
  i really wish that the phone camera software makers would force it into landscape unless the user specifically sets it to portrait . 
  i think you are right . 
  what is sad is that he was having to do that for somebody at home . 
  the solution has to be free hiv drugs in africa . 
  a few years ago i was working in a benefits department in london . 
  i had a case in front of me of a guy who was an asylum-seeker , who was working as a cab-driver in london . 
  he had saved up a considerable sum of money , then disposed of it . 
  i had to investigate where it had gone ( if he hid it or spent it just to get benefit , that would disqualify him ) . 
  anyway , he had spent it on building a community centre in an african village . 
  it was also obvious from his paperwork that he had hiv , and was getting hiv drug therapy on the nhs . 
  he was sending half of his drugs to somebody at home . 
  there are certain cases which stick in the memory . 
  australia has operated camps for asylum-seekers for a long time . 
  they are housed out in remote parts of australia , and not allowed in to australian society . 
  so , this suggestion is not promoting that in itself . 
  what about parking enforcement , store security , nightclub doormen , etc ? 
  it 's a subtle way of reducing the power of political groups . 
  as you might be aware , germany and some other places had some bad stuff happen which had political parties using paramilitary uniforms of various types for their followers . 
  in the uk , we had some success in 1936 by banning similar uniforms . 
  fascist marchers look stupid when their clothes do n't match . 
  the pics do n't make it seem glorious . 
  what did you like about it ? 
  they are state funded in ireland . 
  there are probably a few exceptions . 
  he had a partner with him . 
  that implies a conspiracy . 
  yes it does worry me that all the immigrants in paris seem to live in the crappy estates in the outer parts . 
  this is a pattern the tories seem intent on replicating in london . 
  they are also fairly opposed to muslim ideals as a nation . 
  they have banned veils in public , and have shown support for charlie hebdo . 
  maybe he meant that 's when they rendezvous ? 
  i just posted this , which might cheer you up : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/brexit-high-court-ruling-james-obrien-unleashes-tirade-theresa-may-article-50-a7395466.html, 
  2 out of 3 would not be required imho no . 
  even if the vote were again very close . 
  there is a serious democratic problem with leaving the eu if the majority do n't want that . 
  we need to be reasonably confident of the result . 
  i think a second vote would have a bigger turnout and be more reliable . 
  not sure i agree . 
  if two referenda show a consistent leave vote , then we can at least say the population means it , which we ca n't say now . 
  aww yiss . 
  this us actually the cool thing about the eu as a european empire . 
  most empires use force to stop their provinces leaving them . 
  in many places nigel farage would have been quietly disappeared . 
  in that case we would not have invoked a50 in accordance with our constitution though . 
  maybe the ecj would need to examine that . 
  block & quayle , though everybody uses the acronym . 
  i guess it 's like home depot . 
  perhaps [ this guy ] ( https://youtu.be/knfkswlkbd4 ) had seen that vid ? 
  yes we would call it a petrol station . 
  in general the british and irish understand us english but americans and others are less likely to understand us . 
  ice is quite a nerdy and american term . 
  the problem is that the words in us and uk english are different . 
  they say gasoline , and we say petrol . 
  there is also diesel to consider . 
  i just meant they would n't get the income form me anyway , so there is no loss . 
  it would n't apply to people who replace their ice cars with electric ones . 
  as an incentive it 's a bit different though . 
  i might buy an electric car whereas i would n't buy one with an ice . 
  so , any taxes that are charged on the electric car are income , and there is no lost income relative to the ice in my case . 
  i think jihad is fighters like dying for their cause . 
  being trapped in gaol and rehabilitated is a less attractive outcome for them . 
  you can see from the director 's list of publications that he has a right-wing tendency . 
  he was a labour councillor at one point though , which seems contrary . 
  here 's the civitas website . 
  they do n't mention their christian orientation anywhere that i can find . 
  i find that sneaky . 
  it 's because in the uk we do n't ` do religion ' in politics , and their opinion would generally be taken less seriously if that were widely known about them . 
  good points . 
  look out for civitas . 
  they get quoted a lot in the uk as a ` social policy thinktank ' , but be aware they are covertly christian . 
  yeah they can saw , it turns out . 
  wind-powered pumps are called wind-pumps , though i still see the word ` mill ' creeping in here and there in this article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/windpump,
