the uk would need a new one , without the components from st andrew 's cross . 
  it would need to be designed . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/scottish-independence/11091805/scottish-independence-new-flag-for-uk.html all these ideas look shit . 
  the first shared king was james the first of england , james vi of scotland . 
  he was already king of scotland when the english queen elizabeth died childless , and subsequently was crowned king of england too . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_vi_and_i  this is a once in 307 year opportunity , and they fucked it up . 
  there was a devolution referendum in 1979 which failed to get a yes vote , and another in 1997 after which the scottish parliament was set up . 
  that 's interesting . 
  it diminishes the claims of the yes camp . 
  perhaps the stay-aways were mainly nos . 
  for me , that was one of the disturbing things about this d\u00e9b\u00e2cle , that i might lose my union flag . 
  why do you have to take that tone ? 
  i am afraid your attitude is far too typical . 
  reddit is the lessor for the undefaulting of / r/atheism . 
  it 's good to challenge bad things . 
  i think the memes were the best content . 
  they were pretty simple for the most part , but they were genuine things people experienced or thought about . 
  even the really crass ones ( which were pretty rare ) had meaningful debates in the comments , with people participating from the default front page . 
  that was beneficial . 
  i do n't agree , though i have seen comments like yours many times . 
  i think if you went and looked a little more closely you would have seen a good support network , as well as meaningful discussion of the logical and moral problems of religion . 
  it was never going to be liked for that reason , because religion does so badly , logically and morally . 
  i think you were wilfully not seeing the value it had , although you probably have persuaded yourself otherwise . 
  it 's no surprise to me to get a comment condemning / r/atheism . 
  i do think that / r/atheism comes in for so much ire because it irritates people in a useful way . 
  it stimulated debate about theology , morality and natural selection , among other things , which would not have happened otherwise . 
  back in the day the defaults were based on the level of activity in each subreddit . 
  of course this list was self-reinforcing . 
  i do miss / r/atheism being a default . 
  that was fun , and good for the world . 
  there are islands around australia which are apart of the [ australian continent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/australia_%28continent%29 ) . 
  i tend to think in terms of the continental shelf , but that 's just me . 
  i am reminded of an australian girl i took to cornwall once . 
  `` ohh , it looks so european '' , she cooed . 
  if god 's actions are indistinguishable from him doing nothing at all , then can he be said to be doing anything ? 
  his activity would be analogous to floating down a river , and not swimming at all . 
  you might say there is no swimmer in that case . 
  it has been argued that god can not have free will . 
  as he is perfectly good , he must always do the optimally good thing in all circumstances . 
  i do n't personally agree that religion and science occupy separate ` magisteria ' . 
  the claims of religion include concrete assertions about history , and about physics which are in theory - and often in practice - testable by science . 
  if god is manipulating genetics in some way which can not be replicated by unconscious natural selection , then we will be able to detect , describe , measure and quantify this in the near future . 
  we could also practically exclude it with the same techniques . 
  i do n't see why it is not falsifiable . 
  if god is steering evolution by making certain mutations occur , then we should be able to study this by comparing genetics over time . 
  we might expect then for most mutations to be beneficial ( if god is good ... ) . 
  that 's not what we see though . 
  most mutations are actually neutral or detrimental . 
  there are also many examples of redundancies and non-optimal features in living things , even when the organism is successful . 
  we might also find that when we try to selectively breed animals for any reason , that we could n't predict the outcome , as presumably most of the time our intentions in dog-breeding or whatever would conflict with god 's plan for that animal and it 's descendants . 
  that also is not what we observe . 
  we can with some imperfect accuracy predict the features of bred animals . 
   the process is natural , but `` guided '' in the way all natural events are , by being part of god 's ineffable plan , and with god having started the whole ball rolling . 
  how do you suppose that guidance could actually work at the basic level ? 
  what influence is god exerting , to - for example - make a well-camouflaged creature survive and pass on its genes . 
  does it interfere with the free will of any predator or human hunter ? 
  darwin seems to have made the distinction himself , he opens * origin * by talking about artificial selection by man . 
  natural selection happens spontaneously . 
  it the line that you quote , he proposes that god started one of more living things , but they have ` gone cycling on ' without god 's direct control . 
  if god could not at the beginning control the outcome of his evolution , then this would diminish his standing as our personal creator . 
  if he set the starting conditions in such a way as to make you and me as individuals then either the physical processes of the universe are deterministic , in which case we do n't have free will , or he has controlled the outcome of the relationships of every one of our ancestors , and controlled exactly when they had sex , and which sperm succeeded , then none of those ancestors had free will . 
  there seem to me to be three possibilities : 1 . 
  there is no free will . 
  we are the first generation of life to have free will . 
  natural selection is not guided . 
  it is n't acceptable to me to simply say that god is mysterious . 
  if we are saying he physically intervenes in creation , then the nature of that physical intervention must be understandable in principle , and detectable with instruments which we have now . 
   any doctrine or theory which holds that natural biological processes can not account for the history , diversity , and complexity of life on earth and therefore rejects the scientific theory of evolution . 
  that requirement seems to preclude theistic evolution , although it hinges on the meaning of the word ` natural ' . 
  when darwin used the word , it was implicit that the process happens spontaneously , without intervention from a god . 
  some might say god does natural things , but they would n't have a clear understanding if so . 
  most theistic evolutionists , when pushed to talk about the mechanism of the changes , believe that god causes certain mutations to happen , and these are the successful ones , because god knows what he is doing . 
  this is incompatible with the idea of free will . 
  consider that to make you as an individual , god must have brought one sperm and one ovum together out of millions - this means your parents can not have freely chosen to have sex on that occasion . 
  darwin argues that the mutations are random , but the bad ones tend not to reproduce further , and the good ones tend to reproduce and pass that random mutation on . 
  i went to a state-funded church of england primary school , and we were taught christian stories as if they were true . 
  this was in the 1970s . 
  i do n't think we covered evolution in that age-range , but i was taught about adam and eve . 
  when i went to comprehensive secondary school , i was taught evolution . 
  at the time , there was no national curriculum , and teachers told me that the only legally required lessons were physical education and religious education . 
  most liberal schools of the time got around this by having religious songs in assembly , to cover the requirement . 
  nowadays , most state schools follow a national curriculum which includes natural selection . 
  there are a new type of free school , which is exempt from this . 
  these are the ones affected by this new rule . 
  this applies to free schools which do n't follow the national curriculum . 
  i think the history is that originally the children of the aristocracy were taught privately at home . 
  later [ ( just over 1400 years ago ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_king%27s_school,_canterbury ) schools started appearing in which children would be sent to stay , and which were public , in the sense that children from many families attended them . 
  the scottish state began to fund schools in 1561 and the english state began in 1833 . 
  there have been many different types and structures of state schools . 
  this ruling refers to free schools , which were launched in 2011 , and which do receive state funding , but are governed by community groups ( often religious ) and are exempt from the national curriculum . 
  the free school concept is already showing [ significant problems . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/education/educationnews/10623972/troubled-muslim-free-school-to-close.html ), 
  it uses a word understandable for its us readership i guess . 
  the text is explicit though :  the united kingdom has banned the teaching of creationism as scientifically valid in all schools receiving public funding . 
  did you attend school since 2011 , when the first free schools were opened ? 
  that was presumably before the introduction of free schools , which are exempt from the national curriculum . 
  the first ones opened in 2011 and there are already stories of [ religious corruption affecting them . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/education-27763113 ), 
   recognise that living things have changed over time and that fossils provide information about living things that inhabited the earth millions of years ago  recognise that living things produce offspring of the same kind , but normally offspring vary and are not identical to their parents  identify how animals and plants are adapted to suit their environment in different ways and that adaptation may lead to evolution that 's interesting . 
  darwinistic natural selection is in that case not required to be taught .
