the british empire was artificially keeping the country poor and backwards . 
  once the country became independent , it gradually started to open up to the world to achieve economic growth ; and accordingly very slowly become more liberal and cosmopolitan . 
  in the 1990s , eu money combined with american firms locating in ireland and the end of the troubles greatly accelerated this process . 
  in literally a single generation , you went from sinful women getting locked up in laundries to gay marriage winning in a landslide referendum . 
  `` european '' is a social construct . 
  irish people were n't considered white up until a few decades ago because the country was basically the north caucasus plonked in the middle of the atlantic . 
  it 's only around 1990 that foreign attitudes really started to change . 
  interesting that you suggest that dublin is deliberately obfuscating . 
  irish people never needed the idea of `` british isles '' , it 's purely a british notion . 
  hence the barest and grudging minimum of acknowledgement . 
   oters do n't decide where cuts are made , voters decide between one or two parties with a laid out manifesto . 
  if both parties decide on policy x for example , there is no alternative . 
  the brexit vote , suggests you are likely wrong . 
  this duopoly is a threat to the uk 's political instability . 
  voters will get their say eventually . 
   uk could have simply given the argentine government a deadline to leave before nukes are used . 
  an illustrative example . 
  once you demonstrate you are crazy and insecure and will use nukes recklessly , great powers will start trying to take your nukes off you by wearing you down gradually . 
   a 33 \u2105 fall in gdp is a bit unrealistic do n't you think ? 
  % gdp spent on defence \u221d ( total money spent on defence ) / ( total gdp ) the expenditure required in pounds would increase , not just the gdp decreasing . 
  e.g if sterling went below $ 1.25 , it would cost the british armed forces [ around a billion a year . 
  ] ( https://rusi.org/commentary/mod-post-brexit-spending-power-assumptions-numbers-calculations-and ) a hard brexit would destroy shipyards , aerospace , universities etc. 
  making domestic manufacture more expensive - look at post-soviet russia for a example of what i mean . 
  all the inflation means the armed forces have to offer higher wages to stop say irish soldiers from joining the french foreign legion . 
  finally , the uk is struggling to retain its capabilities on its current level of expenditure . 
  [ see this ft article ] ( https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:cmeb0laxh2qj:https://www.ft.com/content/a6bf7dd2-ea21-11e6-967b-c88452263daf+&amp;cd=3&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=ie&amp;client=ubuntu ) my estimate would be 2.5 % of gdp , but it would likely be higher . 
   schools and hospitals are important but without a strong military to protect the nation they are ultimately pointless . 
  you need schools and hospitals to provide an economy capable of supporting your army . 
  that is perfectly reasonable for a catastrophic crash-out brexit . 
  you know the economy will be as if the uk were subjected to a blockade , right ? 
  it is for the voters to decide where the cuts are made , and there is already considerable scepticism over trident . 
  you 'd need money to keep scotland in the uk as well . 
  and ensure that the uk can finance this comfortably for a long time . 
  you ca n't build a security policy on nukes alone , because adversaries could gradually grind you down with persistent low-level military aggression that is always comfortably below the threshold that justifies the risk of a nuclear exchange . 
  harassing british ships or invading the falklands . 
  to keep the uk 's current armed forces after a hard brexit could require 3 % of gdp to be spent on defence . 
  the population has to be willing to endure the lack of hospitals , schools etc. 
  for decades to maintain a standing army that might never be used , and pay for a nuclear deterrent that ca n't function without the us . 
  nk is a dictatorship , try arguing for spending the nhs money on nukes after a 10-20 % hit to gdp plus inflation and barriers . 
  because the uk would n't be able to afford nukes anymore . 
  no , because an incoherent eu would be unable to conclude a trade deal as easily . 
  mr. kaczy\u0144ski would n't know what do with himself if germany and russia vanished . 
  ireland 's gas network is also connected with the uk 's . 
   i do n't think the ira are much of a threat . 
  indeed , catholics would be a ( near ) majority under this hypothetical scenario , so why would they attack their own state institutions ? 
  you 'd just see a `` cold house '' , with relentless pressure exerted against a `` spiteful and violent minority that wants to take away the rights of the people of ulster '' . 
  the idea being to encourage `` prod flight '' . 
  cf ethnic russians being gradually displaced from the north caucasus , or stories of southern protestant outmigration from the free state . 
  it would be too late by that point and the seeds of violence would be sown . 
  the police would have to intervene beforehand to ensure a free and fair vote . 
  especially given that irish nationalists do n't do pogroms , but a very slow but relentless pressure . 
  it is very hard for a police force to stop such tactics . 
  barring a shock like hard brexit or scottish independence , ni 's future over the next two decades will likely resemble a hypothetical alternative history where all of ireland ended up with home rule back in the early 20th century . 
  just as would be the case for a home rule ireland , you 'll see very gradual `` greenification '' and drift from london . 
  around 2030 , ni will still be in the uk , but i expect votes for presidential elections and speaking rights for a delegation of mlas in the seanad ( a * de facto * council of ireland ) . 
   possible return to violence and instability which no-one wants those unionists would be basically trying to use threats to disenfranchise catholics . 
  can you imagine what would happen if the ui vote failed , and enough nationalists thought it was lost due to catholics being intimidated from voting ? 
  [ google cache ] ( https://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:xgfpffyayvcj:https://www.ft.com/content/51c5a4a8-6d2c-11e7-b9c7-15af748b60d0+&amp;cd=2&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;gl=ie&amp;client=safari ), 
  you 're right - it 's mostly clan politics based on what side one 's great grandfather supported during civil war . 
  it 's easy to forget that ireland is the north caucasus of northern europe . 
  how do croatian people think the country manged to wage so many ira campaigns against britain ? 
  if you read the history , you can see that ireland was historically an island filled with clans etc with weak government . 
  even today , the irish state is quite weak compared to denmark for example . 
  it ca n't even collect taxes properly or enforce its writ as the water charges boycott showed . 
  this is one of the reasons that the uk is concerned that the country might become a base for jihadis . 
  i 'm not blaming you , but i 've seen redditors with turkish flairs make remarks about kurds that sound like the nasty things british people used to say about us : that we 're thieves ; incapable of governing ourselves because we 'd kill each other ; that we 're violent animals ; that our conservative and religious views meant we should n't be allowed to govern ourselves etc. 
  of course , most of the turks on / r/europe might be kemalists or whatever , but it 's still very unpleasant to listen to and likely makes many irish people that turks are hypocrites . 
  complaining about serbs mistreating kosovar albanians or bosniaks , and then doing the same themselves towards kurds . 
  used terrorism to break up the united kingdom and secede . 
   fighting for independence by killing civilians will never be right or correct . 
  i make no apologies for what ireland had to do to get what was rightfully ours . 
  the eu * is * a supranational ( con ) federation . 
  it can pass laws that directly bypass national governments and are binding on ordinary eu citizens . 
  the eu is a supranational political union , so `` secede '' is the correct term . 
  what term would you use ? 
  if the uk negotiates its own trade deals , you 'll need checks to ensure that goods imported into the eu from the uk are actually from the uk . 
  similar considerations apply if the uk goes for a different regulatory regime . 
  til it 's the eu 's fault the uk might want to secede from the customs union and the single market . 
  oh yeah , and rules of origin and border insoection posts are just `` politics '' . 
  the eu 's anti-fraud agency has opened an investigation into the use of european funds at the templemore garda training college . 
  olaf , the anti-corruption watchdog , said it was carrying out a preliminary investigation in june after it was sent a copy of the garda internal audit report into the financial irregularities at the college . 
  the agency confirmed to rt\u00c9 radio one 's this week programme that it had now launched a full investigation . 
  olaf 's investigators will interview witnesses as well as conduct searches of relevant premises . 
  `` olaf can confirm that , after a preliminary analysis , it is investigating the matter , '' the agency told rt\u00c9 . 
  it also said it was unable to issue any further comment because the investigation was ongoing . 
  an internal audit of the financial and accounting practices at templemore by niall kelly , head of the garda 's internal audit unit and a civilian official in the force , uncovered dozens of bank accounts , a $ 5 million surplus and investment policies related to the college . 
  the d\u00e1il 's public accounts committee ( pac ) was told last month that an account with a bank in cabra , opened in 1999 and closed in 2010 , held sums ranging from $ 5,000 to $ 90,000 . 
  it is thought that money from cepol , the eu agency for law enforcement training , may have been diverted and used for gifts and entertainment . 
  n\u00f3ir\u00edn o\u2019sullivan , the garda commissioner , told the committee that mr kelly forwarded his report to both the garda s\u00edoch\u00e1na ombudsman commission and olaf . 
  the pac is to publish a report into financial irregularities at the garda training college , which is expected to criticise the garda commissioner for failing to inform the comptroller and auditor general about the scale of the issues identified by the auditors . 
  the sunday times reported earlier this month that the report is expected to highlight issues concerning the adequacy of ms o\u2019sullivan 's response when she was first informed about the scale of the financial irregularities at the garda training college , but it will acknowledge that she inherited the problem from her predecessors . 
  ms o\u2019sullivan has maintained that she acted swiftly and appropriately when informed about the issue during the pac hearings but was openly contradicted by members of her executive management team . 
  john barrett , the garda\u00ed 's head of human resources , contradicted evidence given to the committee by ms o\u2019sullivan concerning important meetings and subsequent actions . 
  the pac is said to have accepted much of his evidence . 
  the garda commissioner has warned the latest batch of police graduates that controversies surrounding the force were not going away and that more could be uncovered . 
  speaking at the garda college earlier this month , ms o\u2019sullivan said that reforming the garda\u00ed would require people to `` start turning over stones '' and finding issues `` you 'd prefer if you did n't find '' . 
  she added : `` it has to be addressed . 
  it has to be faced up to . '', 
  its interesting that the ottoman empire gradually became afflicted by similar problems as byzantium , and suffered a similar decline . 
  thankfully , the irish times is becoming increasingly discredited .
