  shame trump does n't see things lik that . 
  actually the development of this `` migrant crisis '' is almost funny . 
  in the mid-to-late 2000s , the number of ships crossing the mediterranean form libya and tripoli was pretty high . 
  the southern countries ( mostly italy and malta , but also spain to a lesser degree ) complained about this a lot and northern countries basically said `` you 're just a bunch of silly racists . 
  shut up ... and no , we wo n't help you . '', 
  then the whole thing exploded with the large wave of migrants coming in through eastern europe . 
  that 's when shit hit the fan . 
  merkel did well . 
  she kept her composure and practiced what she had preached , but pretty much everyone else freaked out . 
  in fact , looking at the stats , malta had a sustained migrant arrivals per capita at a rate somewhat similar to germany 's for a few years , but years before . 
  basically it 's a problem that no one really wanted . 
  the north did n't quite get it early on and the south had been left to deal with the problem since well before it came to such prominent attention . 
  now , the north gets it and is not really keen to get involved . 
  of course , because they understand the problem better they 're more willing to find solutions ( e.g. 
  turkey agreement and more high level discussions about finding solutions ) . 
  italy is happy to sell assets it sees as strategic to france . 
  the last time a french company tried to buy tim it was rebuffed , now the sale is in progress ( although threatened now threatened by retaliation to macron 's protectionism ) . 
  you rarely need to wait a whole day . 
  new versions keep coming out of the cabinet every couple of hours !, 
  no , nor will it . 
  so far , the effect on the eu economy has been positive and inflation is not high , so it can go ahead a while longer . 
  one of the reasons draghi wo n't even entertain discussion on tapering . 
  there 's definitely plenty of room to continue with qe for now . 
  they were impacted emotionally in the sense that the ecb president made a huge statement of intent , even though he did n't announce a specific policy . 
  that gave investors confidence . 
  the ecb would later justify that by announcing the omt programme . 
  impressively this is not what no . 
  10 actually said . 
  they said that fom ends in its current format . 
  this is a typical political non-statement because it could literally mean anything from a cliff-edge to a simple change of name . 
  https://www.bondvigilantes.com/content/uploads/2016/07/4-years-of-the-ecb-1.png that is why people say draghi 's speech saved the euro . 
  it came at a pivotal moment and showed the resolve of the ecb to protect the euro . 
  the omt programme was announced shortly after and was more or less the expected outcome of the speech . 
  bond spreads had already started falling before the announcement and the omt programme brought them down further . 
  a speech alone could n't have saved the euro , but the indication that the ecb was ready to take drastic action was very important . 
   they like the us will eventually turn majority non-white . 
  that 's a bit of a strange understanding of history . 
  if anything the ethnic replacement in the us was the slaughter of the indigenous , non-white population by white invaders . 
  it 's not just about expense . 
  the overall contribution could still give a country huge benefits . 
  take the new eppo . 
  there 's an idea of tying receipt of eu funds to membership of the eppo ( perhaps after this budget ) . 
  if that were to happen , poorer members would benefit : 1 . any money spent on the eppo would be outweighed by money received . 
  the ability of the eu to prosecute people to steal eu funds independently of local authorities will improve the rule of law . 
  for example the dalli scandal - the incoming maltese government in 2013 changed effectively stopped his prosecution by changing the top police commissioner , or the accusations of fraud in the budapest subway . 
  the eu is able to spot corruption via olaf , but can not stop it . 
  members would benefit from cleaner politics and less crime . 
  it should come as no surprise that both hungary and malta will stay out of the eppo . 
   ** seceeding from an eu country does not give you eu membership automatically . 
  ** obviously . 
  i never said anything of the sort . 
  perhaps you should re-read my comments before putting in the effort to reply . 
  otherwise , sort from misreprenting ** everything ** i said , i pretty much agree with you . 
  how does the length of time spent as an independent state mean anything ? 
  the duration of the accession period depends on how long it takes to close the relevant chapter . 
  that depends on how long it takes for the government to negotiate and implement changes . 
  for countries like scotland and catalonia , the regulatory system exists already . 
  it would just be a matter of creating the necessary bodies ( e.g. 
  both would need some king of dvla to register cars and a central bank ) and many of these bodies would need to be set up anyway on the course to independence . 
  there 's no way the accession period would need to take long . 
  it is postulated , for example that i 'd iceland or norway wanted to join , the accession period would be < 2 years . 
  there was a court case about it and the high court said the consent of parliament had to be sought and the royal prerogative ( the government acting alone ) was insufficient . 
  the parliament gave permission to leave euratom . 
  the catch is that it would also need to vote on creating its replacement . 
  we can not leave euratom without a replacement - that would mean we could n't even get certain medicines and x-ray machines . 
  parliament could also vote that it wants to stay , but that is less likely . 
  nevertheless here were not talking about ministers acting alone . 
  henry viii clauses allow for minister to make new law without parliament . 
  parliament would never vote on many thousands of laws that will be created . 
  that 's not normally allowed . 
   compare that to seceeding from an eu country . 
  especially so if the `` mother '' state has no intention or honouring the independence referendum . 
  you clearly did n't understand my post . 
  spain 's government 's stated policy is to recognise new country only if its ` parent ' country does . 
  the uk government would recognise the outcome of a scottish independende referendum as long as it 's fair . 
  this euratom thing stands to be an epic cockup . 
  the government apparently does not have the numbers it needs to approve leaving . 
  this gives it two options . 
  change its mind , and negotiate not leaving something we could have tried to not leave in the first place . 
  this would be idiotic , because it would end up having to make concessions it would n't otherwise have had to make . 
  use henry viii clauses to bypass pass parliament . 
  since parliament would n't give consent to leaving euratom , the energy secretary could create the legislation required and enact it outside parliament , with no parliamentary oversight . 
  this is also be idiotic , as it would be incredibly authoritarian and would explicitly overrule the democratic process that is supposed to govern the country . 
  the bonus is in both cases the government looks inept . 
  the alternative is that unless the government gets lucky , or very creative , we would crash out of euratom and be unable to create some kind of substitute . 
  this would also make the government look inept . 
  brilliant , no ? 
   everything indicates that spain will need to use force if it wishes to retain control of catalonia . 
  what they will try to do is somehow arrest senior figures in the catalan independence movement , using either catalan law enforcement agencies , or ones from neighbouring areas . 
  then it would depend on how keen the citizens are to defend their new state . 
  hopefully things would n't ever escalate to the use of force . 
   80 % of voters voted for parties that support continuing with brexit . 
  nevertheless , many of those are remainers and did so to ( successfully ) unseat tories . 
  if i lived in a tory-labour marginal , i 'd have vote labour , but that 's an artefact of a stupid electoral system . 
  even corbyn understands that ( see his comments today ) . 
   if brits had changed their minds and wanted to stay in the eu latest polls show a swing to remain . 
   in the general election there would have been more votes for the liberal democrats and greens lib dems increased their seats by 50 % , surely that makes farron more of a success than may . 
  fptp precludes people voting on ideology . 
  in a tory-labour marginal , a vote for the lib dems is a vote for the tories . 
  if you want to remain , that 's an own goal .
