  also , a lot of this is about ngos , who as the name implies are not under government command . 
  it cites case law and explains some of the basics . 
  here 's an article specifically referencing a echr decision regarding pushbacks from italy to libya . 
   they can not apply for asylum before being on european soil correct . 
   as such you can send them back to whatever shithole you want with no repercussions before that application incorrect . 
  pushbacks are still illegal . 
  what are you on about ? 
  if you had good reason to think you would be killed in prison , of course you would n't be put in that specific prison . 
  if they thought you might be killed in * any * prison in the country and no arrangement could be made ( somehow ) , then you would n't be put in one !, 
  the far-right party in italy polls at 15 % . 
  good luck with that . 
   including the judges judges not caring about the law ? 
  seriously ? 
   an outdated law . 
  a fascinating and fringe opinion that is also incorrect . 
  the law is fine . 
  mechanisms can be found to operate within it and ensure everyone 's safety . 
  in fact , it is perfectly possible for someone to be granted asylum from any state . 
  for example , edward snowden fears an unjust prosecution in the usa , therefore russia granted him asylum . 
  many european countries will not extradite people to the us if they may get capital punishment , because in that case the us is dangerous for them . 
  similarly some countries are dangerous only particular groups , and thus particular groups can not be sent back . 
  if you went to norway , you could n't simply be deported to sweden either since you have a right to cross that border . 
  you would have had to do something to justify that deportation and in any case , you 'd have to be given the right to file an asylum claim . 
   and also , sweden is more dangerous than norway if you could prove that you were at special risk and you had good reason to be afraid for your well being ( say , criminal gang wants you dead and police can not help ) , norway would have to grant asylum . 
  otherwise libya is not exactly sweden . 
  there 's a registry of countries that are considered safe/not-safe . 
   so sending somebody back to where they came from is illegal because it endangers them ?!, 
  it is illegal ** if ** it endangers them . 
   that 's literally the most retarded thing i ever heard yeah , well you 're the one who made it up . 
   and if he does n't ? 
  the italian presidents are usually unimpeachable characters and they wo n't act in breach of the law . 
  also , i 'm not sure of the technical details , but either the parliament , or the constitutional court could lift the pm 's parliamentary immunity anyway . 
   what do you do when all elected officials refuse to follow this 1 . 
  that 's never going to happen . 
  as for the ones that break the law ... italy has a justice system that deals with lawbreakers . 
  it is illegal because doing so would endanger their lives . 
  it therefore violates their human rights . 
  if they left from a stable place , they could be sent back - and they are often deported . 
   keep fighting it in court , keep dragging those legal battles out that 's not how it works . 
  the court would issue an order saying you ca n't proceed until the case is decided . 
   then keep ignoring the law . 
  impossible . 
  you ca n't force low-level government employees to disregard the law . 
  they 'd be arrested ( as would the pm - parliamentary immunity in italy is limited ) . 
  i 'd expect the president to remove any pm that blatantly disregards the law . 
  any magistrate in italy could launch an investigation into the government and take it to court . 
  any ngo could bring a suit against the government too , either in italy or at the echr . 
  if italy announced it intended to push migrants back to libya , i would expect the courts ( national or international ) would intervene to block it as it would be blatantly illegal . 
  they can not be sent to a place that 's in a state of civil war . 
  it violates international law . 
  yeah , thanks !, 
  kind of forgot about the floating bit !, 
  yeah , it is . 
   objects that do not sink ( ships ) hopefully , 
  why is the hms queen elizabeth listed as catobar-equipped ? 
  have they actually installed catapults ? 
  is n't the displacement the weight of the * water * displaced by the volume of the ship ? 
  1m ^ 3 of lead will have the same displacement as 1m ^ 3 of iron ( 1,000 kg ) , but will weigh 11,342 kg vs 7,874 kg . 
  edit : [ of course , this is the same for an object that does n't sink . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archimedes%27_principle ), 
  technically this should n't happen now . 
  the srb should oversee the resolution with a bail in or senior bondholders - just as happened with popular in spain - but that 's politically toxic in italy because of misselling of bank bonds . 
  i 'm still not sure how this will work out . 
  intesa picking out good assets while the state swallows the bad ones should amount to state aid . 
  i must say , that this whole political mess has made me jealous of italy 's recent presidents . 
  both napoletano and mattarella have played an important role in stabilising the country despite volatility in both houses and have been instrumental in keeping the government on track . 
  we do n't really have that over here . 
  may is sinking , the government is turmoil and we 're going into brexit negotiations with no plan and no consensus on anything . 
  in the middle of all this , there 's no one to set the ship straight . 
  so what you 're saying is that no leadership is better than bad leadership ? 
  it 's not ideal , but most people here just are n't interested . 
  what do you do then ? 
  if people do n't care , how do you get teachers to identify the right education secretary , or doctors the right health secretary ? 
  yes , he does . 
  there is however sufficient ambiguity for people to support him . 
  his position ( somehow ) is less clear than may 's . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't like corbyn and do n't support many of his policies . 
  i think he is being outright deceitful over brexit . 
  i 'm just pointing out why people have no understanding of his position . 
  i mean what the fuck is a jobs-first brexit ? 
  how is it different from a brexit brexit , a hard brexit , soft brexit , open brexit or red white and blue brexit ? 
  if he wants to put jobs first , he 'd remain . 
  my point was that not understanding how a political system works is not an excuse to leave , because many do n't even understand local democracy anyway . 
  if that were an important criterion , we might as well disband the uk right now . 
  the uk * is * leaving because people are ignorant about the eu , but i personally think the electorate should have made more of an effort to inform itself , before choosing to proceed with the biggest act of self harm in history . 
  very few people understand how the uk works either . 
  i do n't think anyone understands how the commons , the lords , and buckingham palace relate to each other ( many think the lords has a lot more power than it actually does ) . 
  many are unaware of even substantial legal differences between nations , and have no idea what is devolved and what that means . 
  no one understands the barnett formula . 
  but i suppose you could argue that the uk does not have a functioning democracy :(, 
  the poll is commissioned by mos , but the numbers are from survation ( who nailed the ge results ) . 
  corbyn is finally playing politics properly . 
  he put forward leaving the single market as the main option , but leaves the door open to remain in it if jobs are threatened . 
  since leaving the single market could well have a devastating effect of jobs , you can read whatever you want in labour 's position . 
  the uk government is n't supposed to be taking sides or backing anyone . 
  i 'm doing more than suggesting it . 
  i 'm stating it openly . 
  what happens when you wants to pass a budget and the dup offer support only in exchange for , say , lifting marching restrictions or some other sensitive issue ? 
  the tories are in an insanely weak position because if they ca n't afford the government 's to collapse now , they certainly can not afford it in 12 months ( with about 6 months of brexit negotiations left ) . 
  they wo n't be in a position refuse anything the dup ask for .
