  it ** is ** a terrible idea . 
  you might as well gamble the future of the country on a roulette table -- it 's an equally bad idea . 
  the idea that the eu fails to reform is lunacy . 
  it 's an organisation that 's always changing . 
  it was always going to reform more with us in it or not . 
  now , we do n't get a say in how it develops . 
  until you crash a mars ~ ~ rover ~ ~ orbiter because you mess up the conversion :(, 
  go for the suarez defence : `` but in my town we use the term endearingly '' . 
  do you really think you ca n't earn less than minimum wage ? 
  the boe studied this and found that the effect is minimal . 
  for every 10 % increase in immigrants working in a sector , wages fall be 1.88 % . 
  in the last 10 years , the low-pay sector saw a 7 % increase . 
  other studies have been done showing average wages in different areas and compared them with migrant populations . 
  the ft had a piece about this . 
  there was no correlation . 
  if there is an downward pressure on wages , it 's absolutely minimal . 
  actually this is pretty bad for us . 
  if the eu member states insist on passing these kinds of deals through parliaments rather than at eu level , it will be difficult to get a deal . 
  to be approved , ceta would have to pass through 38 parliaments including some regional ones . 
  if it is approved , the process could take up to 4 years on top of the 7 it 's taken to get here . 
  that 's 11 years to do less than we want to achieve in 2 ( we need to negotiate the leaving bits too ) . 
  i think that 's down to our own ineffective leadership . 
  well , we do seem to think everyone else causes our problems and that they should fix them or fuck right off . 
  we just voted that way too , after the eu ( quite rightly ) would n't provide a mechanism to limit migration . 
  that depends . 
  the ep may well insist that it be another epp candidate . 
  they can veto any candidate put forward by the council and with brexit , the epp 's position is strengthened in the ep . 
  merkel never really approved of juncker her hand was forced by domestic politics . 
  so this tells us nothing really new . 
  what we know is that with brexit , he 's lost one of his biggest opponents in david cameron . 
  how is juncker 's position supposed to be weaker ? 
  the prime minister has his secretaries of state and ministers and the opposition has its counterparts in shadow ministers that work on an area of policy and hold ministers to account over it . 
  it sounds like it should be a cooler job . 
  it 's all gone nuts down to the details , including : - one of corbyn 's shadow ministers has resigned less than 48 hours after she was appointed . 
  - the new shadow defence minister missed his first set of parliamentary questions , because when he was appointed he was at glastonbury , and did n't manage to get back in time . 
  i mean ... how the fuck does this happen ? 
  you could n't even make this shit up . 
  i feel like i 'm in the middle a dal\u00ed . 
  three years ? 
  italy and malta have been begging for a europe-wide solution for almost a decade now . 
  it 's always been northern eu countries that did n't want one . 
  that 's the thing . 
  it ca n't . 
  italy is quite keen to introduce eurobonds to pay for the migration crisis , but germany see this as the thin end of the wedge ( because it is ) and are staunchly against . 
  the danes are in ermii and keep their currency within 0.5 % of the established exchange rate . 
  they do n't really have independent monetary policy , so their position is strange . 
  they have all the downsides of having the euro , but none of the upsides . 
  i do n't really see the advantage . 
  i suppose if shit really hits the fan , then they can fall out of ermii , but then , they are not eligible for the full financial support from eu funds . 
  virtually impossible . 
  you need to spend 2 years in ermii before being eligible to adopt the euro . 
  it would take more than 1 year for independence . 
  again . 
  i am under no illusion that scotland can join as part of the u.k. 
  i 'm not sure why you struggle to understand this . 
  i 've said this before . 
  scotland can join as an independent state and so i 've switched to supporting scottish independence . 
  the options are manifold . 
  some are almost impossible , some are unlikely ( e.g. 
  england becoming independent , leaving scotland and ni in the eu ) . 
  sturgeon went to clarify what is possible and what is not . 
  not necessarily for herself , but for sceptical unionists who do n't want independence . 
  if she can convince the moderate ones ( like me ) that the * only * option is independence , then she wins their vote . 
  we get , at most , one more shot at independence . 
  sturgeon is n't going to risk wasting it . 
  i do n't think you understand . 
  sturgeon * must * rule out any option , no matter how far fetched . 
  if this happens , and the only option to retain eu membership is independence , then she has the best possible shot at having and winning a second referendum . 
  honestly , the outcome from today was far better than i realistically expected , but we 're just crossing out options so we can justify an independence referendum as the last option available . 
  he ca n't lead at all because no one wants to work with the pp . 
  yeah . 
  sturgeon is cautious . 
  what she 's doing is ruling out every option but independence . 
  she 'll then try to torpedo brexit , but westminster will overrule the scottish parliament . 
  then she can come to us , the scottish electorate , and honestly say she tried everything to get them to respect our choice and that the only option is independence . 
  she must show that being shackled to england means we get ignored even on such important issues in order to get the best chance at winning a second referendum . 
  there is precedent for part of a country being in the eu and part not . 
  the channel islands and greenland for example . 
  of course the scottish case is very different - you 'd have an internal border with england for one thing - but you ca n't know for sure if you do n't ask . 
  even in the case of independence , it would be interesting to see if we could ` inherit ' the uk 's membership and thus avoid jumping out and back in . 
  i thought that sounded unlikely , so i looked it up . 
  [ here 's a couple of examples . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_of_indigenous_peoples#british_empire ), 
  yeah , they 're taking it far with this project fear are n't they ? 
  the people were asked and they voted to leave europe . 
  they had to lose to avert a constitutional crisis . 
  yeah , you 're right !, 
  [ there are still some limitations though . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/citizens_rights_directive ), 
  we can base it on the fact that the eu , germany and france ( and others ) have said there is no way we 're access the single market without free movement . 
  ftas signed by the eu without free movement far more limited than access to the single market and will take years to negotiate and are no good for us anyway . 
  brussels has said negotiations wo n't start until we call article 50 , so that 's another reason why it 's no good for us . 
  the offer on the table will probably be access to the efta , but we go into negotiations cap in hand and with a time limit . 
  we hurt from this far more than they do -- in fact it 's an existential threat to the uk . 
  it would be the eu 's best strategy to put forward an offer demanding large concessions from us . 
  we then waste valuable time negotiating things like getting free movement instead of schengen and end up having to accept a deal far worse than the status quo . 
   mnay other countries and citizens would love to leave as the uk did but they are not trapped in the fourth reich and now they know they will be destroyed if they dare to escape this bit . 
  i 'm pretty sure we 'll be made an example of -- not by any extraordinary means , but by giving us what we want . 
  out is out . 
  what about us ?
