  also labour got decimated up here for working with the tories during the independence referendum and the lib dems are still smarting from the last coalition with the tories . 
  they probably wo n't be able to form a decent cross-party ` better together ' campaign and if they do , you can expect a lot of infighting . 
  you could argue that it 's better to settle it during these two years . 
  what kind of trade deal would you make with a country that may , or may not lose 10 % of its economy and with it whole economic sectors ? 
  why would the uk ` waste ' negotiating capital on helping whisky exports , when a couple of years later it wo n't have a whisky industry ? 
  this is insanity . 
  i think what ever trump has must be contagious . 
  immigration has had only an infinitesimally small impact on wages . 
  the reasons for low pay are manifold . 
  immigration is one that causes the least downward pressure according the boe and the research by the ft. what 's decreased them is the creation of lots of low paying jobs that barely existed before . 
  jobs like those bulgarians who wash your car ( somehow they always seem to be bulgarian ) , it does n't matter where they come from , they can never be paid much . 
  in the past there were n't highly paid british car washers ; we invested in car-washing machines instead of having poorly paid people to do it . 
  it 's the same thing with the restructuring around delivery companies and this gig economy . 
  it 's a regulation thing more than anything . 
  in many countries you would struggle to register your employees as self-employed contractors if they are blatantly employees . 
  moreover our tax structure favours employing numbers instead of paying individuals more . 
  a tax lawyer on twitter argued that as a company you pay less tax employing two people at half the salary than employing one guy at full salary . 
  the financial times beats it comfortably any day of the week . 
  at the end of the day , the times is just another murdoch-owned paper . 
  you ca n't trust it without corroborating its views . 
  again , we 're talking about agriculture . 
  i do n't know . 
  the uk recognises kosovo 's udi . 
  i doubt it means that if scotland went for a udi , the uk would have to accept it . 
  if that were the case , and the uk had to accept the udi , it would legalise it . 
  then spain could n't say no anyway \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) \\ _ / \u00af i 'm pretty sure countries are allowed to decide who they recognise on a case-by-case basis irrespective of precedents . 
  neverthless , spain does recognise new countries that form with the consent of the original country . 
  they do n't recognise kosovo because serbia disputes its independence , but they recognise the other balkan states ( including montenegro ) , south sudan and east timor . 
  edit : it would be really strange for spain to obstruct scotland , when they have no opposition to montenegro becoming an eu candidate . 
  if you were sure brexit would n't happen , you were n't following the polls . 
  they had the two options within margin of error . 
  i personally thought it was 60-40 odds for remain . 
  i was disappointed by the result , but i certainly was not surprised . 
  she 's exploring the options to make the best of a bad situation . 
  she had to be seen to be doing that , so that the referendum is seen to be the last option . 
  in actual fact , many can already see we 'll be ignored and dragged down a path we do n't want to go down , but it 's only fair to demonstrate it . 
   how many politically influential positions have scots had in the eu than the uk ? 
  that 's why we should join the eu of our own accord , 
  yeah , but they can buy stuff from anywhere they want though . 
  there 's very little they actually ** need ** to buy from the uk . 
  you still have a seat at the table and help shape discussion . 
  you can also vote against monetary policy decisions that are not in your interests . 
  none of that is possible with the bank of england . 
  just a cursory look at the your link says ireland exports twice as much to just 3 eu countries as it does to the uk . 
  it exports still more to the us . 
  ireland will be affected by brexit , but it does n't need to shape its future based on its relationship with the uk . 
   why does scotland trade more with the uk than the eu then ? 
  surely if scotland had comparative advantages it would already be trading on those in the eu ? 
  in time , trade with the eu will increase more than trade with england . 
  our short-medium term prospects are crap either way , but in the long run , we 're better off being in the eu than the uk . 
  ask ireland , 
   what possible long term gains could there be for scotland if they 're forced to share a currency with another country ( that sets interest rates ) and is its main trading partner ? 
  you mean like we do with england ? 
  at least the ecb gives its members a seat at the table . 
  the boe does n't even do that . 
  i never understood the rationale for a move like that . 
  spain can easily allow scotland to join and block catalonia from joining . 
  anyway , as others have pointed out , spain has no issue with scotland leaving the uk my mutual consent . 
  what they dislike is the idea of a udi , but then again , we 'd rather avoid that too !, 
   we have no trade agreement with the usa . 
  that trade is done at wto rates . 
  exactly . 
  the result is much lower trade volumes than you would expect given the size of the two economies . 
  the uk trades more in agricultural goods with ireland ( our biggest partner ) , than the us . 
  if we were in a single market with the us , you would expect us to export a lot more there . 
   we wo n't lose the ability to sell to the eu even without a trade agreement . 
  all that will change is that there may or may not be any import duties and we may or may not have to do the paperwork that non-eu nations have to . 
  that will result in a reduction in export volumes . 
  that , in turn will hurt farmers ' profitability . 
  they would either need to work more efficiently ( i gather that 's not easy ) , raise prices , or go bankrupt . 
  the only reason foreign customers would put up with increased prices is if we offered premium products , but there are n't many of those . 
  things like aberdeen angus become on par with argentinian/uruguayan/montana beef and are at a competitive disadvantage to , say italian beef ( which is pretty good ) . 
  other stuff like whisky could well see price hikes for foreign consumers that would put it at a disadvantage compared to things like irish whiskey , and cognac . 
  these exporters would need to find other markets to offset any drop in sales that would come as a result of an increase in price due to import tariffs to the eu . 
  non eu markets are heterogeneous , smaller and more difficult to access . 
  it 's difficult to see us replacing the any shortfall , especially since we lose preferential access to many other markets apart from the eu . 
  edit : an example : if agricultural exports to the eu fall by about 1 % , we would need to increase our exports the us by over 5 % to compensate . 
  it is as he says . 
  ireland chose irish . 
  as it stands , english will no longer be an official language despite being the defacto language of the commission . 
   on the other hand , how likely would russia have done that if ukraine had a means to fight and put down those separatists quickly ? 
  if the ukrainian army had more hardware , the separatist segment would have been bigger . 
   lest we forget , crimea started with a forcible seizure of ` unmarked ' troops there was a lot of confusion early on in crimea and russia has naval base there . 
  it does n't matter how big the ukrainian army was , recapturing it would have been an amazing feat , given that many locals supported the russians ( i do n't mean the referendum ) . 
   that is bullshit . 
  you do n't need to have a trade agreement to sell into a market . 
  the us has no trade agreement with the eu yet sells # 100billions a year into the eu . 
  we 're discussing agriculture , of which the eu imports $ 12b from the us . 
  the eu imports $ 250b in goods from the us and that 's as a result of low tariffs between the two . 
  agriculture is subject to a lot of restriction due to regulation ( e.g. 
  we do n't import hormone-fed beef , many gmos , chlorine-washed chicken ) . 
  between regulation and tariffs , trade is limited . 
  just to give you an idea of the scale : * of the top 5 countries we export agricultural products to , 4 are eu countries and just those 4 total # 7.01 b of the # 18b we export . 
  the us comes in at # 1.88 b ( despite being the size of the eu ) . 
  * of the top 20 countries , # 9.37 b goes to eu countries , # 4.33 goes to non eu countries . 
  that means we export to just those countries about as much as the us (  6x bigger than us ) exports to the whole eu , including us ( about 6x bigger than us ) . 
  losing any amount of access to eu markets could be devastating if we do n't replace it with access to other countries . 
  unless something changes dramatically , we wo n't be in a position to replace it . 
   certain foods from certain sources are highly valued in the us such as scottish salmon . 
  we can do that now , but we do n't manage to export a huge amount .
