  the mail is one of the most popular websites in the country too . 
  it 's one of the most popular papers in the country , along with that other paragon of integrity , the sun . 
  if it 's not a representation of british journalism , then it 's surely a representation of british people . 
  it 's not about blocked laws . 
  if you know you 're not going to get consensus , there are some things you would n't even propose . 
  for example , it 's not a coincidence that soon after brexit , there is more talk about military cooperation within the eu , with italy proposing something that looks like an eu army via an enhanced cooperation deal . 
  the uk will still try and stop it until we leave . 
   anyway , i think first of all , we need to make a clear distinction between refugees and economic migrants . 
  i see this point used all the time , but while it is technically true , it relies on a conclusion that is n't available at the start . 
  this makes it a misleading starting point . 
  when someone arrives at a european border , we do n't know what they are . 
  worse still , we may not know they 've arrived until quite a bit later . 
  when we ` find ' them , they will file an asylum claim and , if it 's refused , we find it difficult to actually deport them ( in the uk , deportation often takes the form of a letter asking you to leave ) . 
  because of this inherent ambiguity , dealing with refugees , without tacking economic migration can not really work . 
  the document , in fact , says that we need to work well with source countries and this is important if we want to select refugees successfully . 
  dealing with the issue at eu level also gives us more negotiating power when dealing with source countries and we 're more likely to get their cooperation ( e.g. 
  turkey ) . 
   i know that many countries arent open to receiving refugees , but it is also true that many refugees arent open to staying in the country that welcomes them . 
  this is true . 
  the article blames this on different approaches to immigration by the national governments . 
  to some extent , this may explain the high costs involved in deporting someone between eu states , even when a clear obligation exists . 
  an eu policy could streamline the process and help direct refugees to countries they have been assigned to . 
  an eu policy could also make sure countries are more equally attractive ( for example , if i were a migrant moving to europe today , i 'd try file a claim in germany , sweden or italy , because it 's more likely to get accepted there ) . 
  in summary , i 'm sure an eu policy could enforce an equitable distribution of refugees across member states , as long as member states are able to police unreported employment . 
   my country is struggling to find willing refugees to stay here - i know we are broke but we are not , all things considered , a bad country to live in . 
  it is a shortcoming on my part that i know so little about portugal , but from the little i know , it seems like a great place to live . 
  i know a couple of people who 've bought places there and love it - great food and wine ( not just the port ) and pretty good weather . 
  first of all can we not call them illegals ? 
  it 's a derogatory term the alt-right pushes . 
   i think the illegals on the us cant access services easily but they still are on the us . 
  yeah , illegal immigration can be a problem - there 's always been some in europe . 
  i 'm not familiar enough with how these things operate in the us to comment . 
  i think with adequate policing , you can keep levels of employment low enough to discourage migration . 
   at least in my country , the government has no idea where the refugees are - its also a huge security liability . 
  refugees are not illegal immigrants though . 
  they have a right to asylum ( everyone does really ) and if they 're refugees this will be granted . 
  in this case and in the case of asylum seekers , all you can do is invest in security services to monitor the situation in suspect communities . 
  in terms of refugees , we * must * allow them in . 
  the uk has opted for relocation schemes , but it 's an embarrassment . 
  we have n't done nearly enough , especially since many refugees are from countries we 've bombed . 
  as for failed asylum seekers , we need to work with other countries to be able to repatriate them . 
  the main issue here is that you can not forcibly deport people to a country that does n't accept them back . 
  in addition , the process can be costly , so even looking at repatriations to border countries ( e.g. 
  from netherlands to spain ) under dublin ii , these could cost about $ 40,000 / person , so ultimately the government may choose not to undertake them . 
  you could have a set up where someone is given a permit to reside in a particular country . 
  if they go to sweden , they would could n't access services without registering for taxes etc. 
  in most states , you need to somehow register to say you 're living there . 
  you could put the burden on employers to make sure the people they 're employing are adequately registered before employing them i.e. 
  make sure they have a valid id card/ni number , i imagine they should all do anyway . 
  * this * is a good example of fake news . 
  sturgeon said only a few days ago that snps position was to pursue eu membership . 
  frankly the populists are far more dangerous than any refugee . 
  i 'm far more afraid of the damage trump or grillo can inflict , for example . 
  especially with german elections in 6 months time . 
  you can see the economic repercussions of japan 's population aging . 
  without a younger population you 're screwed . 
  just because people are living longer , it does n't mean they 're healthier in their old age and i certainly does n't mean they can work long enough to cover that . 
  there is no reasonable model where what you envisage works , simply because your labour force dries up . 
  people will work for roughly half their lives , and on top of that there are those of working age that can not work , and who do work who are net beneficiaries from the system ( because of low pay they do n't pay their fair share ) . 
  you need a complete economic revolution to make ends meet if only a minority of the people are sustaining all the others . 
  it 's not a solution . 
  it 's pretty much the natural order of things . 
  populations grow . 
  put a couple of mice in a field and you 'll see biological principles in action . 
  population growth occurs exponentially until you hit the carrying capacity of the environment . 
  because of technological advances we have n't hit that yet and it 's not really clear we ever will . 
  it makes sense to leverage that . 
  what would you do ? 
  kill an elderly person for each kid born to force a sustainable population ? 
  if you care to design a welfare system that includes healthcare , pensions and benefits and fully funded , sustainable and stable ( so it 's not all wiped out ina downturn ) , i 'm sure you could publish it . 
  that 's common knowledge . 
  there probably is n't one unless we revolutionise how we work and live . 
  otherwise you ca n't fund pensions or healthcare , especially as people live far longer . 
  that 's funny , given his behaviour , i 'd say his more of a traitor than a patriot . 
  that does n't solve the underlying problems . 
  the population needs to grow anyway . 
  we need to build more homes and the current regulatory framework is not fit to deal with this . 
  the problem is bad planning legislation and nimbyism . 
  with crap like protected views and so on , it costs far more to build in london than any other major city in the world , including places like new york . 
  why should that be the case ? 
  no , seriously . 
  people itt are surprised a murdoch rag is reporting this . 
  i 've read similar articles on the ft , les \u00c9chos and il sole 24 ore * weeks * ago . 
  that 's the only reason i 'd accept the article , but remain confused about why it 's taken over 6 weeks for a paper like this to notice good economic data . 
  do they not read the economic data when it 's released ? 
   one party ca n't just hold the rest to hostage constantly though the key point is understanding how we got here . 
  the uk fails to do this and does not deliver the meaningful reform needed . 
  its constitutional structure is not good enough to keep the union going in my opinion . 
  dragging scotland along on constitutional matters like brexit without our consent is appalling an can not happen in a proper federal state . 
   as sad as that is it 's becoming very apparent that the snp is willing to do whatever it takes to destroy the union last time i voted ` no ' . 
  the snp have done very little to change my mind ( in fact , the last time i voted for the snp was several years ago ) . 
  westminster alone has done that by showing how inconsequential scotland 's opinion is on even such core constitutional matters . 
  this is not a partnership between equals and therefore is not a fitting partnership to be in . 
  this time i will vote ` yes ' and i will vote snp , because they and the greens seem to be the only ones with scotland 's interests at heart . 
  who ? 
  that 's not the title on the website . 
  there is no queue and multiple counties can go through the accession process at the same time . 
  scotland would rush through it in a year or two and hopefully secure membership of the efta in the meantime . 
  do you think anyone outside the uk will actually lose sleep over this deliberate act of self harm ? 
  the idea that considering scotland is a waste of time is exactly why we should be independent,
