  the assumption had been that ultimately the ecb would back the debt . 
  it turns out the ecb 's efforts to act like a central bank would get caught up in various courts and the underlying assumption was bad . 
  i mostly agree with you , except for the underlying premise of your argument . 
  i think the problem is getting hung up on how we got here . 
  in a situation like this is that the past is complex and the `` right '' solution to this mess is equally murky . 
  differences in political philosophy at the top level mean consensus is difficult . 
  for example , i think that if you borrow money , the risk assessment of the debt is ultimately your responsibility - * caveat emptor * basically - and you clearly split the responsibility differently . 
  i do n't think either one of us is necessarily wrong , but it 's a different way of looking at the world . 
  if we get hung up trying to untangle this complex web , we lose sight of the urgency of the problem at hand . 
  greece needs money ** now ** to avert disaster . 
  we can figure out who to blame and how to get a long term solution after the 30 ^ th june . 
   this is n't a union of equals , i do n't think anyone ever pretended this was a negotiation on equal terms . 
  greece needs a lot of money badly and the rest of the eu can lend it . 
  greece has pretty much no leverage and so creditors can dictate conditions . 
  it 's a bit like a taking out a mortgage from a bank - there is n't much you can offer a bank apart from your custom , so you ca n't really negotiate the mortgage contract . 
  ultimately , creditors do n't * have to * lend greece anything and if greece does n't like the terms , they do n't * have to * accept them . 
  it 's just that default is less palatable , both in the short term and in the long run . 
   the lender also has responsibility on the risks assumed by lending . 
  yeah , that 's exactly the creditors ' argument . 
  the eu fully appreciates the possibility of a greek default . 
  the real problem is that member states do n't want to risk lending more money when they are unlikely to receive any of it . 
  remember that among other countries , the money is coming from poorer countries like slovakia who are reluctant to give it away when they risk never seeing it again . 
   imposing crippling conditions , can not work in benefit of either party . 
  no , but risking more money is n't going to help other struggling countries , who are understandably unhappy about the gamble of lending more money to greece . 
  the underlying dynamic is sadly straightforward . 
  if the government fractured like that , it could well call for new elections to seek a new mandate . 
  if it won , then it would prove the people agree with the outcome of the negotiations and would know rebel mps back in line ( hopefully ) . 
  of course , in this hypothetical scenario , with a party that divided , it 's difficult to get a renewed mandate . 
  an espresso ( even macchiato ) late on is lovely , but coffee with a lot of milk is just uncomfortable . 
  hey !, 
  we bought them fair and square ... from the ottomans . 
  personally , i 'd just be impressed at the fortitude of your stomach . 
  i heard some people would even have a latte after dinner , but perhaps that 's just an urban legend . 
  i 'm we 'll aware greece produces some gin doctors - i know a few . 
  the problem is the aspects that greece does n't manufacture . 
  if there 's no money to import stents , then the hospitals will buy less and more and more areas will not be covered by a 24-hour pci service . 
  you can use things like thrombolysis but they 're less effective and have more complications . 
  as you rightly point out the uk does n't have 24-hour pci everywhere ( try and avoid heart attacks in sark ) . 
  it 's ok , i 'm just being a cheeky asshole !, 
  emergency chemotherapy is unusual , but by no means unheard of , especially in hemato-oncology ( things like promyelocytic leukemia should probably be treated on a same-day basis , as well as a variety of crises that come up ) . 
  a double bypass is not unlikely to be an emergency , because one setting for it is a myocardial infarction ( heart attack ) . 
  although you might still need a bypass , these days you 'd actually hope for pci , but that still relies on good equipment , experienced staff , good quality stents ( i believe they cost  $ 1000 each and you may need several ) and aftercare in relatively costly coronary care wards . 
  worse still , for the best outcomes you need to get to hospital quickly - that means a fast , reliable , well-trained ambulance service ( that would include helicopters ) . 
  here an ambulance would send an ecg over some special system to a big hospital that would assess it instantly and get back to them telling them what to do . 
  of course you could get thrombolysis , which is relatively cheap and cheerful , but it 's much less good . 
  heart attacks are neither cheap , not easy to deal with well and dying abroad of a heart attack does happen . 
  there are a few problems though , that you rarely see mentioned . 
  * if a greek company owes money to , say , hsbc in euros , that wo n't change and it wo n't afford the loan . 
  in the worst case scenario , this would wipe out a large number of big greek companies . 
  * that 's possibly the case with some individuals too - croatia recently temorarily pegged its currency to the swiss franc , because a large number of croatians have mortgages denominated in francs . 
  why such a crazy practice is common enough to drive central bank policy is beyond me . 
  it would n't surprise me if people in greece have loans to foreign banks ( even if not mortgages ) - the value of those would sky-rocket . 
  * no one will lend money to the greek government in drachmas , because of the high inflation and uncertainty , meaning borrowing costs will still be sky high . 
  that basically either fuels inflation in a setting where inflation is expected to be high , or means the government needs to be extra-austere so it does n't need to print more money to meet its obligations . 
  neither scenario is good . 
  * the estimate of a switch to drachmas is that it would cost the economy 8 % of gdp in the short term . 
  it would take years for greece to develop the substrate for an export-led recovery and so , it would extend the pain and still not have a guarantee of success . 
  a '' * cry * sis '' sounds worse than a regular crisis . 
  the problem is that at a time of boom , greece ( just like us ) was n't austere . 
  then came the bust and the piggy bank was empty . 
  i 'm not even italian and when i saw the headline , i immediately assumed it was the camorra and a site near naples . 
  illegal waste dumping seems to be a big thing for them . 
  can i just clarify the when i said `` can not ignore '' , i mean `` not permitted to ignore '' as in `` illegal to ignore '' . 
  i suspect you may have interpreted my statement to mean `` not physically able to ignore '' . 
  is this the case ? 
  i 'm aware that one `` is able '' to break national * and * international law . 
  enforcement is difficult - but that does n't justify closing a blind eye to injustice and genocide . 
  it is good that the west is a bastion of decency and that we work to protect human rights . 
  human rights exists because `` we '' agreed they do in the un general assembly in 1948 . 
  there is a bill of human rights , than contains the universal declaration of human rights that outlines what these rights are . 
  as is the case with any law , there will be debate on finer aspects of implementation ( if there was no debate , courts would be really , * really * dull ) , but there the line at which rules to live by become rights is pretty clear . 
  the bill was adopted into law by loads of countries , so we decided that it counts as international law . 
  just like we should n't randomly invade countries , we are not permitted to deprive people of their rights as outlined in the un declaration . 
  if you find the morality difficult , the law is much clearer , although admittedly there is room for debate within it . 
  for starters you need to reach an agreement with any country you deport to . 
  not many countries are forthcoming when it comes to accepting asylum seekers ( as you can see , even within europe let alone outside it ) . 
  the fact that some ( even if it 's almost all ) have done something illegal does n't mean you can break the law . 
  sending people back to libya is illegal by international law , because it is n't a safe country . 
  libya is n't like mexico , that 's mostly ok - you would put people at significant risk to their lives if you sent them back to libya . 
  they also have a right to ask for asylum and we are dutybound by international law to assess this . 
  if they do no sue the uk government , it is only because they are not aware of their rights . 
  if they got to the uk and were deported without their claim for asylum being adequately assessed it would be comfortably within their rights to sue . 
  if they did n't there are numerous human rights charities that would gladly pursue the case legally ( as indeed has been done before ) . 
  legally speaking , the un ca n't pass law in a country . 
  countries must agree to pass a law that is compatible . 
  obviously some parts are up to debate - we restrict people 's rights to personal freedom when they 're arrested , for example . 
  the interpretation of the right to life by the us government is that you similarly restrict the right to life as punishment for serious crimes . 
  perhaps a better example is the right to vote in the uk and europe . 
  the uk does not allow prisoners to vote and it is seen as a similar restriction to the right to personal freedom . 
  other eu countries do n't agree - and neither does the echr . 
  because of these differences , local legislation differs . 
  in some cases it will differ in ways that are blatantly incompatible with the universal declaration and the justifications by a local government do n't really cut it . 
  for example , capital punishment for homosexuality in uganda is wrong . 
  the government there will try and justify it , but the justifications are insufficient . 
  there is * some * scope for variation in legal implementation and for the qualification of rights as long as the spirit is n't infringed . 
  in that light , your rights are intrinsic ( as defined by the un udhr ) and are n't `` granted '' by a state . 
  take edward snowden , russia 's official reason for giving him asylum is that he would n't be treated fairly by the us state ( and that 's probably true ) . 
  snowden has that intrinsic right to a fair trial and russia granted asylum since it believes the us wo n't respect that right . 
  if uganda wo n't respect gay rights , it does n't mean that ugandan homosexuals do n't have any - they still do - if it falls on us to defend them , then so be it . 
  in this case we are talking about saving people from drowning and then placing their lives in mortal danger .
