  that last part is n't easily justified . 
  you can not ignore them in the same sense that you can not steal . 
  you `` can '' steal all you want - it 's illegal . 
  you can ignore human rights all you want - it 's illegal . 
  are you seriously advocating ignoring human rights because , since hitler did it , it must be ok ? 
  not at all . 
  human rights are agreed by convention and passed by the un in the universal declaration of human rights in 1948 . 
  the international bill of human rights includes the universal declaration and is international law . 
  being an international treaty , it is ratified locally by national governments with some differences in interpretation . 
  by the definition of human rights , skipping over bits in national legislation does n't mean that people `` do n't have a right '' - it 's means the country is violating that right ( e.g. 
  capital punishment in the us ) . 
  since we 've come up with this set of principles by pretty much universal agreement , it can not be regarded as theocracy . 
  would you argue that the us constitution makes the us a theocracy because it is almost impossible to change and everyone looks up to it ? 
  by sticking to the rulings of the echr we are simply following international law and just because you find something inconvenient does n't mean you can ignore the law - let alone people 's intrinsic rights . 
  the echr is n't the only body that rules on human rights . 
  the us , for example manages without it . 
  that said if we did have our own body that ruled on human rights , however , we 'd basically come up with very similar rulings to the echr , unless we weakened the standard we work towards . 
  basically , it 's a silly idea and the government seems to have accepted that , at least for now . 
  so , slavery is n't objectively a problem ? 
  is discrimination of gender and race equally not an objective problem in your book ? 
  a civilised society can not ignore human rights - morally speaking . 
  the echr rules on human rights which we all have whether we are signatories to the court or not . 
  the will of the people in these cases means bugger all : you ca n't reintroduce slavery because people want and you ca n't commit genocide because a race in unpopular . 
  your human rights are intrinsic to you - they are n't given and can not be taken away . 
  edit : auto-incorrect strikes again, 
  human rights are intrinsic to your being . 
  they can not be ` given ' and consequently can not be taken away . 
  a country can not ignore them . 
  we 're all signatories to the echr and are bound by its judgements . 
  in any case , human rights are inalienable and can not be suspended because they 're inconvenient . 
  well , where do you deport them to ? 
  you ca n't send them back to libya - that 's against their human rights and only a few countries will accept limited amounts . 
  i saw the numbers for malta , they take in a couple of thousand and manage to send out a few hundred . 
  impossible . 
  once they are rescued they can claim asylum . 
  the country they dock in is legally obliged to process them . 
  you can not return migrants to libya because it is deemed unsafe and consequently the return would breach their human rights . 
  the waters they are usually saved in are either italy 's ( see where lampedusa is ) or malta 's , so they get to process them . 
  before you suggest it , letting them drown is hardly an option either . 
   you arent totally wrong , but the economy indicators at the end of 2014 took a sharp turn for the worst again at christmas on the eve of the failing presidential election and proceeding uncertainty . 
  ( that was partially due to samaras government asking for some leniency on certain measures ) the downturn in economic indicators was mostly due to the fear of an impending general election , when it was clear syriza stood a good chance of winning . 
   do n't blame the people , at such a high unemployment , especially on the youth , they feel they have nothing to lose , also the 2 previous government were riddled with corruption . 
  i appreciate that economic conditions are awful , but the greece has no leverage in a situation like this . 
  it depends entirely of the good will of creditors . 
  make no mistake about it - this is all good will , otherwise greece would be charged market rates for its debt ( which it is priced out of ) . 
  obviously the uk is not in as bad a situation as greece , but here we voted in the party that promised most austerity because we do n't like the idea of a large deficit and growing national debt ( whether that 's a good idea is a whole other debate i wo n't get into ) . 
  in a democracy people choose their future and fate holds them accountable . 
  picking syriza was clearly a gamble . 
  you can blame people for taking an absolutely crazy gamble when there was light at the end of the tunnel . 
  if people backed samaras , there 's no reason to think the economy would n't have continued to improve and greece would have been better off today . 
  [ unemployment in greece is ( or at least had been ) falling gradually ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate ) . 
  the problem is that they 've come from libya with no paperwork . 
  i think you can agree that sending them back to libya would be bad , because it 's not safe . 
  finding out where they 're really from is difficult at best , so it 's often not an option . 
  with respect to the australian method , we 'd need to find a stable third party that wants to take them . 
  i 'm not sure i can think of any candidates . 
  human rights activists would n't like it and they 'd probably still try to get to europe . 
  the situation is quite difficult because i do n't see a good , humane option . 
  yes , the echr can be a pain in the arse , but they 're definitely not wrong here . 
  you can advocate a review of asylum policy all you want , but you need a workable alternative and therein lies the problem . 
  the only viable long-term solution i see is stabilising libya , but again i do n't see a way of doing it without military force - that would be a bitch to get approval for that ( russia does n't always play nice ) and the electorate would n't like it . 
  we do . 
  the problem is that most african countries are at best a little dodgy and sending people back to dodgy countries is not allowed by the european court of human rights . 
  it 's not terribly unfair in principle as there have been instances where people who were sent back to places like eritrea were killed , however it makes dealing with this kind of migration * very * difficult . 
  the last time there was a bit of a crisis , berlusconi and gaddafi had a bit of a secretive meeting and then the boats mysteriously stopped . 
  i do n't think we ever found out what happened . 
  now relying on libya is no longer an option . 
  we * could * try and copy australia more closely and basically make a deal with a third country to take all the immigrants , but that 's not going to be easy ( and the echr would n't be terribly impressed ) . 
  as such , the only real solution is to have a stable libya that can police its borders and process asylum applications . 
  as a result , i 'd probably be supportive of an eu-led `` peace-making '' military force to stabilise libya and help establish a state ( not sure how it would work exactly , but we ca n't screw it up worse than it is now ) . 
  [ the echr would n't let them ] ( http://www.ecre.org/component/content/article/70-weekly-bulletin-articles/406-ecthr-blocks-pushbackof-somali-migrants-from-malta-to-libya-following-outcry-from-civil-society.html ) . 
  ` pushbacks ' to unsafe countries are illegal . 
  australia consistently get stick for transferring all potential migrants to papua new guinea and that 's not quite libya . 
  what really needs to be done is to stabilise libya so migration can be stopped at source . 
  the thing is that we ( `` the people '' ) would n't support a solution that involves any military deployment . 
  i do n't believe shooting at dodgy-looking boats before they 're boarded by migrants is going to work as a strategy and i really ca n't see a solution to the crisis as long as libya remains unstable . 
  i would n't worry too much about it - i 'd never heard of these games before today and i expect i wo n't be hearing much about them outside reddit . 
  [ see if you spot the link to these games on bbc sport ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/ ) . 
  there 's more important stuff to worry about - like the euro qualifiers . 
  the order will be as follows : 1 . 
  the negotiating teams from the eu and us will agree on the final version of ttip that will be presented to all the parliaments . 
  ** this document will be made available to the public ** 3 . 
  ttip will be voted on in all the parliaments ( could take up to 2 years ) - that includes all 28 eu member states , the ep and the us congress . 
  if all 30 parliaments like the treaty , it gets implemented . 
  there is no official text because it has n't been finalised ... but you 're in luck , the eu will make the document available to the general public when there * is * an official version !, 
  sure , but if try list your concerns instead of slogans , then proceed to look at the eu 's faq you 'll find that they 're probably all addressed . 
  if not post here again and i 'll try point you to the information you need . 
  ttip could be a great thing for the us and the eu . 
  can we not try ruin it without seeing the details ? 
  i agree that they wo n't do it of their own accord , but the richer associations could force their hand or take their business . 
  i think it 's unlikely , but today it 's on the cards more than ever . 
  the champions league is a great product and uefa have done a great job with it . 
  the thing is that most great teams come for spain , england , italy , france and germany ( 47 in 60 cl trophies ) and if there were a schism and about 10-15 western european countries walked off and formed their own set up , uefa would be in trouble . 
  the idea of a super league has been floated about a few times , particularly in the 90s . 
  what had been mentioned as a huge deterrent at the time was the prospect of players being banned by fifa and would be unable to take part in any fifa-affiliated competition , including in local leagues ( e.g. 
  if tevez played with juventus is a similar set up he would not be allowed to play in argentina ) . 
  if a breakaway league was unsuccessful , there would be no going back for any team or player . 
  the gamble was always to great and so , no one ever wanted to cross the rubicon first . 
  the difference now is that there really is a lot of tension and consequently things seem to have come to a head . 
  if there is an agreement to splinter off it will be by associations , not individual teams and it 's likely to be a group of associations .
