  i apologise though , i did n't mean that about you . 
  i meant it in a more general sense - i do n't understand how people get behind them . 
   and yet the biggest items of rampant corruption were before . 
  the cathedrals in the desert ? 
  rampant clientelism ( hope that word exists in english ) ? 
  all a product of the post-war boom and the tacit dc deal to win the votes of the south with public money well ... ok ... then italy never functioned well . 
  which , i suppose , strengthens my original point that a new approach is needed to increase accountability to try and get on top of rampant corruption . 
   hey , that 's my argument !, 
  you specifically said that the parliament in italy produces * more * laws than the european average ( which probably includes the belgian federal government that did n't exist for 3 years ) . 
   so what gives you the arrogance to tell us we must `` learn '' to vote according to your enlightened standards ? 
  i do n't have sides and look at the evidence at hand . 
  admittedly , this constitutional referendum , like ** every fucking thing in italian politics ** , was not black-and-white . 
  but i can never understand this tribalism that puts people behind grillo and berlusconi . 
  in fact , my understanding is that you only had the referendum because it got a majority in the houses and that it did so because of berlusconi 's initial support . 
  it amazes me that after he cause 20 years of economic stagnation anyone actually votes for him . 
   because italy has n't been in decline for 70 years you know . 
  that 's true , it has n't . 
  italy has been in decline since the lira crisis , tangentopoli and the foundation of the second republic . 
  that would put it at about the early 90s ( almost 25 of 70 years ) . 
  the late 80 's were good economically , but corruption was rife , to say the least . 
  the government made no effort to stamp it out ( indeed probably encouraged it ) . 
  hardly a hallmark of good effective government . 
  instead , since the foundation of the regions in the 70s , they created endless opportunity for corruption and never did anything to stop it . 
   false , we produce more laws faster than the european average . 
  it 's not about quantity , it 's about quality . 
  the lega nord used a computer to generate and submit 82,730,460 ammendments to one of renzi 's reforms ( if printed , that 's 412 tonnes of paper ) . 
  does that make them the most high quality party of all time ? 
   in 22 years you have n't learned that acting superior is not the way you get people on your side . 
  i 'm not italian , i do n't live in italy and have never lived in italy . 
  as a result , i do n't have a side in italian politics . 
  in fact , i 'm ashamed to admit that 20 years ago , i thought berlusconi would do a good job ( i 'll put that down to youthful inexperience ) . 
  since then i 've learnt he 's a self-serving bawbag who always puts italy 's interest second to his own . 
  because the present set up has delivered 63 governments in 70 years and many of those years without new governments were under berlusconi . 
  because the constitutional relationship between municipalities , regions and central government is stupidly complex and unclear . 
  because laws get bogged down in parliament for a couple of decades unless it either comes out as a botched compromise ( e.g. 
  porcellum ) , or it 's about a decade after it was needed ( e.g. 
  jobs act ) . 
  because in the 22 years after you first elected berlusconi , you have n't learnt to vote the opposite way to him . 
  the complexity in the constitutional set up , and the differing majorities in the two houses , and the very existence of 2 ` middle ' layers of government allow for endless corruption . 
  berlusconi will have backed ` no ' to defend the corrupt status quo , which he always uses to his advantage . 
  while there are certainly unpalatable things in this constitutional reform , but it 's certainly better than the current set up . 
  the only benefit is that if no one can control a stable government , grillo most certainly would n't . 
  they could always bring it up to 22 % . 
  just in case you 're not being deliberately obtuse , in some countries ( like here ) , e-books are considered to be different to regular books and thus are unable to qualify for vat exemption or reduced-rate . 
  with this rule , that would n't be a problem any more . 
  i 'm not entirely sure the euro is to blame . 
  it 's a nice thought that the currency to blame , but variation in the usd areas is just as wide as the ez . 
  on the other hand he uk is probably more likely to break up than the ez and we have fiscal union . 
  it 's not that dramatic though . 
  the divide between italy 's north and south is probably worse than between europe 's north and south . 
  just consider poverty in romania and compare that to poverty in the u.k. , france , germany , spain or italy . 
  the issue is indeed cultural . 
  that means that different solutions work in different countries . 
  while i agree with you that you do n't think you always need a strong government to run a country effectively , in italy 's case , i think it helps . 
  if you follow italian politics , it 's an unreal web of complex relationships , where even the large parties ( like the pd ) are made out of many little ones . 
  each has their own informal leader - and like bersani now , they are never averse to putting their own interests first . 
  the result is an endless soap opera of skullduggery that known no bounds or rivals . 
  just look at the infighting on the centre right just now , and bear in mind none of this is new ; rather it seems to have got better . 
  in fact , perhaps the problems italy faces are n't so much in weak government but in weak party leadership . 
  their coalitions always fall because of a lack of internal support . 
  with the diverse interests within a party any big reform is bound to upset someone . 
  bersani always going to kick up a shitstorm about * something * because of his history with renzi and because he 's far further to the left . 
  he was always going to find a disagreement . 
  then you have factions that may figure that they 're better off joining forces with the other party and can collapse government on that basis . 
  berlusconi , it was alleged , paid people for their support . 
  grillo rules with an iron fist , and so far has done well . 
  no choice apparently . 
  he constitutional reform did n't get approval in parliament ( grillo and berlusconi were never going to agree ) , and so needs a referendum to get through this impasse . 
  but how do you get them through when governments are too weak to push meaningful reform through and collapse every couple of years ? 
  italians know very well what the problems are . 
  even berlusconi outlined them well back in 1994 . 
  the difficulty lies in the fact that the reforms are unpopular and governments are weak and beholden to extremist wings . 
  the constitutional reform should help . 
  the one thing the article definitely gets right is that if renzi resigns , it 's not the end of the world . 
  the difference between eu states is down to the east/west divide and the economic scars of decades of communism on eastern states . 
  i agree with you that closer fiscal ties would help reduce this difference . 
  is n't that david davis ? 
  if you think he 's any better than johnson , you 're in for a disappointment . 
  the only thing he 's got going for him is that he 's not liam fox . 
  with the quality of the pizza here , you 'd think it * was * banned . 
  this is an italian minister relating a conversation he had with johnson to the press . 
  therefore , johnson was n't playing to local loons . 
  we all assumed he was acting a part , but the frightening thing here is that he goes and says the same exact things to foreign governments . 
  i agress that he 's a sociopath ( his history makes that perfectly clear ) , but he 's also an idiot . 
  from experience , it turns out england has a unique understanding of the word * union * !, 
  for the pm , sure , but juncker 's trip is frugal in comparison . 
  that was my point . 
  our pm has her own plane . 
  it 's grey and a little spartan so it looks cheaper . 
  the rationale for commissioning it was that it was cheaper than chartering flights . 
  you can imagine how much was being spent . 
  just as an example , in 2012 ( the last year listed on wikipedia ) , the royals spent # 2.2 million on chartered and scheduled flights and another # 100,00 on raf flights . 
  so yeah , on the odd occassion , if commercial flights do n't work out , i 'm happy with that cost . 
  eu egg-laying hens should be vaccinated against salmonella , so you should n't get a salmonella from eating an egg . 
  otherwise salmonella can and does infect eggs . 
  the eggs are washed because they can be have excrement on them . 
  because there is no need to vaccinate chickens in the us , this ( along with the actual egg itself ) can contain salmonella and can therefore lead to contamination of other foods . 
  the eggs must therefore be washed and refrigerated . 
  you think the rest of the world produces eggs from chickens vaccinated for salmonella ? 
  all true .
