  i do n't know what degree of english they speak and i ca n't read the census . 
  learning a language well enough to have a sensible conversation about an important subject is definitely not easy . 
  on top of the usual language stuff , there are certain things that everyone in a country knows about by default - like certain laws or political structures that make it in everyday language . 
  i speak italian fluently , but understanding the news is a completely different exercise . 
  you need to know you pd from your pdl , irap from irpef , what article 18 is , what the role of a magistrate is ( it 's very different from the uk ) . 
  they do n't explain them in an article , because they 're meant to be obvious to the reader . 
  that 's the kind of language you need to get an understanding of what 's happening in a country . 
  a quick search shows that 15 years ago 7 million russians could speak english . 
  that 's up from nearly none 15 years before . 
  edit : wikipedia puts it at 11 % of the russian population ( about 15.5 million ) . 
  ironically , the source is in russian , so i ca n't read it . 
  this is n't about clinton . 
  the christmas tree was so funny , it was covered in the uk press ( that 's how i first heard about it ) . 
  at least , the turin one was ok . ( ** edit : ** just to clarify my point here - the uk press is n't out to discredit the m5s and , in fact , they did n't even mention anyone . 
  my point is that stories about the m5s doing silly things might not be due to a press conspiracy ) . 
   such lies would not change things like the other parties have done in the complete shadow in the past the m5s promised a change , but as you say , it 's more of the same . 
  the head of the m5s group claimed to have * misread * his emails . 
  what sort of shit is that ? 
  are there no repercussions ? 
  what kind of good governance are they supposed to be promoting ? 
  if they 're happy to lie to you when they have very little power , what will they do when they get entrenched ? 
  raggi herself appears to have lied over what she knew about her appointees and investigations into them . 
   rampant corruption : are you talking about last administrations ? 
  rome 's administrations have pretty much always been corrupt and the city has suffered for it . 
  in fact , marra and muraro ( sort of ) had been around since before raggi if i understood correctly . 
   who has to fight it , he should do it everynow . 
  not quite sure what you mean here . 
  corruption in rome must definitely be fought , but the m5s have fallen short . 
  by bypassing standard procedure to appoint muraro and by colluding to hide what they knew , they 've shown themselves to be enablers of corruption . 
  i do n't know what can be done about rome . 
  as usual in italy , there is n't an easy answer . 
  giving the m5s a chance was probably justified given the history , but so far they 've done a really terrible job . 
  the diagonals on our ties run down from left to right and in the us the go the opposite way . 
  the republicans called obama unamerican because he wore the european style stripes . 
  it 's not like he turned up in lederhosen . 
  the thing about these populists is you need to detach yourself a bit to see how utterly ridiculous they are . 
  how can you justify the situation in rome , for example ? 
  everything is fucked , from the lies and rampant corruption , down to the shitty christmas tree . 
  the belief that things used to be better has always quite prevalent , at least since cicero 's times . 
  if we want to export to the eu , things need to be manufactured to eu regulations . 
  the tax rate matters very little if services are n't allowed access to the single market - they 'll still need to operate within the eu and likely be taxed on eu business within the eu . 
  equivalence of financial services regulation is given on a case by case basis ( this has been mostly pushed by the uk ) , so there no guarantee this would be given the uk . 
  edit : also ... we ca n't balance our books now . 
  slashing tax rates will only make debt balloon further . 
  contracts that compare unfavourably to private sector equivalents . 
  the only perk is the pension , but they keep slashing that ( twice in 8 years ) . 
  the result is that many go work elsewhere . 
  realistically , i would n't recommend working in medicine to anyone at this point . 
  it 's probably because of the [ old firm ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/old_firm ) matches . 
  there was one on new year 's eve - it resulted in a few stabbings and that 's not the worst part of it . 
  that 's when the job becomes most important . 
  his job might change , but we 'll always have an ambassador there . 
   no it is n't . 
  what 's good for the goose is good for the gander , what 's good for the uk is good for scotland . 
  staying in the eu is what 's best , even though it may not be the most popular option . 
   why ? 
  and what if that is not possible ( e.g. 
  people wanting contradictory things ) ? 
  compromise is the cornerstone of every western democracy . 
   by definition the majority have control in a democracy - every man is equal . 
  and that 's why it is crucial that minorities are considered when decisions are taken . 
   do scottish mps not have their say in parliament ? 
  the government is doing its best to bypass parliament on brexit . 
  so no , they do n't . 
  we 're not going to get a say on the most important constitutional matter in a generation . 
  they should get a deal that works for everyone , not just the majority . 
  that 's the fundamental difference between a liberal western democracy and an autocratic leadership . 
  if this fundamental principle is forgotten , then the british parliament ceases to be british and becomes only english , because that 's where the majority lies . 
  that 's basically it . 
  if we can get an acceptable deal in the negotiations , then there need n't be a referendum . 
  if the deal does n't work for us , it 's only fair that we be asked the question again . 
  personally , i ca n't see england accepting a deal that would work for us though :(, 
  he 's announced a new effort to introduce the ccctb , so he 's doing the very thing he fought against as luxembourg pm . 
  it 's not hard to believe that as the pm of luxembourg he would act in the interest of luxembourg and as president of the european commission he would act in the interest of the eu . 
  it 's not unusual for local politicians to run for bigger offices , so this ` switch ' is not unusual . 
  indeed . 
  it 's been a boozy new year . 
  malta would have joined and had an mp . 
  the british government had promised to bring it up to the average u.k. gdp per capita . 
  the vote had sort of passed ( turnout was poor , iirc one side boycotted it , so the result was not representative ) , and integration was explored , but eventually negotiations between the uk and the maltese government fell apart . 
  edit : in fact malta would be independent 8 years later . 
  decisions that benefit individuals most do n't always lead to the best outcome ( sometimes , even for those individuals ) . 
  that 's game theory for you ( see the prisoners ' dilemma as an example ) . 
  government works best when it threads the fine like of allowing as much individual freedom , while making sure that individual freedom buttresses the common good . 
  take gun control . 
  undeniably , we have more individual freedom if guns are freely available . 
  in that case you 're probably best off having a gun - otherwise you ca n't defend yourself . 
  if government restricts gun availability , and almost no one has a gun , you 're safer still , and overall , freer . 
  you do n't need terrorists to plough trucks through people . 
  we had a bin lorry driver faint at the wheel . 
  six people died . 
  [ this must be his favourite game ] ( http://www.scssoft.com/germantrucksimulator.php ), 
  there are certainly some policy positions that we can not be proud of . 
  this is one of them . 
  yeah , the echr allowed his deportation when jordan agreed not to use evidence from torture . 
  so basically , we seem to be upset the echr did n't allow his torture and that of other suspects/witnesses in his trial . 
  actually sarcastically paraphrasing our own government . 
  it 's a sad state of affairs . 
  we wanted to deport him to a country where they would : 1 . 
  torture him 2 .
