  you tend to use as few words as possible and rarely use articles . 
  the indefinite article before ` schengen for defence ' is implied . 
  the quotation marks tell you that ` schengen for defence ' is a particular thing . 
  if you drop them , yes , it becomes ambiguous . 
  it does not . 
  saying ` schengen for defence ' implies a model that is similar to schengen and not the use of schengen itself . 
  it 's like saying juventus are turning into the bayern munich of the serie a. 
  it means they 're operating similarly and achieving similar results , not that they 're actually becoming bayern . 
  i 'm not sure why * anyone * would think it 's related to schengen . 
  the language in the title does not suggest that in the slightest . 
  something to do with the engines . 
  i do n't know what exactly . 
  edit : [ here 's an article on janes ] ( http://www.janes.com/article/61089/inquiry-reveals-uk-s-type-45-destroyers-are-even-less-reliable-in-warm-water ) . 
  it 's as reputable as it gets on defence matters . 
  eu states are not the ones planning to leave the echr  also , logically , you 'd follow the american model - the federal army can not be deployed in a state without the express permission of the governor . 
  given that france has the best military capability in the eu and that germany is handicapped by its military history , i would think the hq would be in france . 
  that 's the problem we 've created . 
  it does n't matter what we think . 
  we ca n't even launch a sustained regional campaign . 
  take libya - we needed air bases in italy because we have no carriers right now ( the hms qe is still unavailable as it 's getting repaired , and does n't even have planes anyway ! ) . 
  we have some limited naval power projection , even though type 45s can not operate in warm water , like the gulf . 
  in any case , we could even have done libya without help from france and the us . 
  the army itself has no capability to launch a sustained large scale operation . 
  we can act as ` special forces ' for the us and france , but that 's it . 
  spending on the military is declining in real terms and slashing the value of the pound will cut it further ( f-35s , for example , are priced in dollars ) . 
  recent budget boosts were accounting smoke and mirrors ( like adding in pension spending ) . 
  the capability to launch an operation like iraq is gone and the trajectory is downwards . 
  whether we have any global power projection is debatable , but that debate will be settled soon enough . 
  if denmark uses brexit article 50 negotiations to push an agenda and makes it harder to reach a deal , then it is bad for the uk which would risk leaving the eu with incomplete leaving negotiations . 
  it 's not just economics . 
  pulling out of the echr is a very strong red line for me . 
  just the fact that they 're seriously considering it is very troubling . 
  secondly , the reason the uk is scotland 's most important trading partner is the internal market ( the uk one not the eu one ) . 
  ireland substituted the uk with the rest of the eu as it 's main trading partner . 
  it did so while both are members of the eu and is better off for it . 
  as the uk pulls out , eu trade with become relatively still more important for ireland . 
  scotland would be in a similar situation . 
  it would be a rocky transition at first , but it 's going to be rocky anyway . 
  joining the euro would also protect scottish families against the devaluation of the sterling . 
  edit : autocorrect . 
  nevertheless a trade deal under negotiation with the eu today is likely to come into effect well before any such deal with the uk . 
  well my reasoning goes that i 'd rather see an scotland in the eu than the uk . 
  so while i voted against independence last time , i regret my vote and would vote for independence in the next . 
  one reason the eu promotes the integrity of the uk and spain is that there was no guarantee england would n't fuck us over and veto eu membership . 
  now that 's not a problem any more !, 
  edit : autocorrect . 
  they stand a fair chance of winning the senate and that can interfere with the president 's ability to fight a war . 
  he said `` greek speaking countries '' . 
  yet a comparable case in another country gets more coverage and even the pm gets involved . 
  a clear message needs to be sent out that this kind can not happen . 
  actually rights are intrinsic and inalienable and * are * the same for people across the world . 
  some places apply the differently , others disregard them - but that does n't mean that someone from somalia does not have a right to life . 
  human rights are not an eu competence . 
  they 're part of the council of europe which is actually completely unrelated to the eu . 
  yah , i think it would be bizarre if ireland did not aim for a compromise over human rights in ni . 
  the main issue here was that we could n't deport abu qatada to a place where they would either torture him , or use evidence from torture in his trial . 
  we deported him when it was agreed with jordan that evidence from torture would not be used . 
  it would make me very uncomfortable if our version of human rights bill encourages the use of torture in any way . 
  does it ? 
  if ireland can stop the implementation of a british bill of rights , no deal * has to * be done . 
  the article quotes the irish justice minister calling strasbourg 's external supervision an essential part of the peace process . 
   the human rights act does n't actually do anything then why change it ? 
  it 's more the principle of oversight of human rights by an impartial body . 
  even if it 's identical , but not overseen by strasbourg , it would make a world of a difference . 
  i 'm not an expert on the gfa , but i 'd reckon that human rights are pretty important . 
  would ireland and irish republicans not be keen to ensure that they 're upheld ? 
  how can they ensure that if they 're the sole responsibility of the uk government ? 
  that 's fair enough . 
  i just think a lot of things would be a lot easier , and more democratic if done through eu bodies in which we are all represented . 
  in a nutshell , it 's fairer for germans if germans have some say in greek spending . 
  fiscal power , is of course very important , but to some extent it 's important to understand that sovereignty is very much a gradient - and a non-linear one at that . 
  for example although eu countries are more independent that states within india . 
  nevertheless , it is easier to get goods from ireland to greece than it is to cross state lines in india ( because of different taxes in different states ) . 
  personally , i do n't think there 's a clear line at which something objectively become a country . 
  it 's a matter of perception - like pornography , you know it when you see it . 
  the eu has almost no internal borders ( schengen ) , most of it shares the same currency and it has a bicameral government structure with an elected parliament . 
  with unanimous agreement , it can even set foreign policy . 
  but it is n't a state . 
  will issuing bonds make it a state ? 
  or some very limited fiscal powers?it 's certainly another step down that path , but i really do n't have an answer . 
  i agree with most of what you 've said . 
  using a federal model , you could have a state tax and an eu tax , with funding for certain things issued at eu level . 
  eurobonds would be more for borrowing at eu level to fund projects and welfare in places like greece , but would be overseen at eu level , where german citizens are represented . 
  currently , germany ( and other countries ) foot the bill for greek spending over which they had no real oversight . 
  that 's the fundamental difference . 
  the other big plus , is that when the greek government fires a civil servant , it still need to support them . 
  in the us , if the florida government fires someone , at least part of their welfare spending comes from the us government . 
  that makes it easier for the local government to balance its books . 
  it 's fair because different party of a country work differently and need different levels of support . 
  east germany still gets more government funding than the west . 
  that spending ultimately benefits all of germany and the richer parts get a say in how the money is spent . 
  a similar set up can work across the eu in the same way in works in the us . 
  it also means you have a floor for tax rates . 
  if there were an eu-level corporation tax of , say 5 % , it means that tax-dodging is more difficult for the likes of amazon , apple and starbucks . 
  again , you 're right that involves ceding some more sovereignty to the eu , but not all . 
  like us states , eu countries would still have a large part of their budget that 's decided locally ( like what exactly to tax and how much ) . 
  the fact that politicians shy away from explaining this to people is really their own shortcoming . 
  it 's not that unusual to have wildly differing economies under one currency . 
  northern ireland or wales are n't quite like newcastle , which in turn is different from london . 
  sardinia and sicily are quite different from milan and turin .
