  as far as i know calculating regional value added is contentious and it 's sometimes unclear who needs to pay it . 
  there had been talk of phasing out irap but i believe it 's still in place . 
  ires is more straightforward and more like the corporation taxes you see everywhere else in europe . 
  that said , i have never lived in italy and know precious little about tax law . 
  if anyone knows more , i 'd be happy to learn !, 
  what he means is that you do n't really know who your mep _ is _ , not that they do n't have a name or that we do n't know it . 
  i have n't ever seen my mep or head about them and their job is pretty nebulous - more so than local mps . 
  this is in part because of the role of the council and the commission and partly because the role of the ep is ever-changing . 
  as you say , developing the role of the ep is probably the way to go !, 
  edit - i 'd also add that national parties should state which group they are a part of . 
  it does n't help that most people vote for a local party and have little idea which eu party that translates to . 
  i think it 's too ` iraq ' ( the war variety , not the language of course ), 
  we still swear by it , although it 's largely symbolic . 
  speaking to uber drivers in glasgow , they 've all said it works great for them - they feel safer because they do n't carry cash , they 're pretty much guaranteed to get paid for a fare and they often know the customer is decent because they rate them . 
  they 're also happy with the amount of work they get and often describe bullying tactics used by other companies . 
  here uber apparently provide cars to drivers under similar agreements that taxi companies provide ( that 's what one driver said anyway ) and all drivers are licences taxi drivers anyway - i do n't know what the situation is like in austria . 
  sure , it 's a new service here , but both passengers and drivers seem to be getting a better deal so far . 
  it does n't sound like a nice industry in any situation - local ` cartels ' vs a disruptive innovation . 
  so far i 'm happier with the quality of service i get from the latter . 
  it has to depend on voluntary mechanisms to some extent , for a number of reasons . 
  people have already pointed out false negatives and windows where tests may be negative post-infection , but there are other considerations too . 
  it may not be possible to test for particular viruses and it certainly is n't possible to test for all . 
  when hiv came about , we did n't know anything about it , so it contaminated blood banks before we even knew to test for it . 
  hepatitis c was transmitted via transfusions before screening for it became commonplace . 
  we 're still not technically sure of the impact of prion diseases and blood transfusion would have been a route before we starting leucodepleting blood ( although we do n't frequently ask about [ cannibalistic brain-eating here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kuru_ ( disease \\ ) ) , there is some stuff about vcjd afaik ) . 
  it 's just not possible to test for everything and even if it was , there may still be new stuff we do n't know about and ca n't test for . 
  the only way to mitigate those risks is to ask about certain behavioural traits that are statistically more risky . 
  what constitutes risky behaviour exactly is up to someone else to figure out , though . 
  if only . 
  [ in 2011 a blood transfusion cost the nhs # 125/unit ] ( http://www.blood.co.uk/pdf/publications/blood_matters_34.pdf ) or $ 170 . 
  at $ 30 , i ca n't imagine the serb ( ? ), 
  health service would be breaking even . 
  * almost * always ? 
  did i miss an annexation , or something ? 
  not only do they accept free movement and all other pillars , but they 're also part of the schengen agreement , which the uk is n't . 
  [ you must n't have looked too closely . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uyfjofmw5ne ) ( sorry , i just love benigni ! ), 
  * there were suspicions around mangano ( the mafia boss who worked as his stable master ) for years . 
  * he was on the list of members of the p2 lodge . 
  * a number of his developments , even at the time , were surrounded by suspicions of corruption as well as numerous investigations into fininvest ( which , as benigni points out , was virtually bankrupt ) . 
  then there were always countless issues surrounding his brother , who had been involved in tangentopoli . 
  the guy was always dodgy as fuck , since he was a young property developer flying beneath the radar in the early 80s . 
  germany ( $ 40b ) and italy ( $ 24b ) together spend almost as much as russia ( $ 66b ) . 
  france spends about $ 50b . 
  the whole eu ( minus the uk ) spends about $ 150b . 
  for comparison , the us spends $ 595b and china spends $ 215b . 
  money does n't directly equal capability , but does work as an indicator . 
  the main issue with russia , however is n't military . 
  they ca n't even come close to considering a military strike against an eu state . 
  what they would do , is one of their hybrid `` salami tactic '' attacks , like in ukraine . 
  since it 's not a blatant external invasion , it can be tricky to call on allies to help . 
  they forgot to rank ** bawbag ** !, 
  pizza fritta . 
  it 's delicious . 
  we do n't always understand the mechanism of action of the drug , so that would stop you . 
  olbia is to the south of rome ( about half way between rome and naples ) . 
  i 'm always surprised by how far south sardinia actually is . 
  the dubbing of [ laurel and hardy in italian is particularly brilliant ] ( http://www.naplesldm.com/dub.htm ) . 
  but one of the main arguments by the brexit bunch was that current standards were too burdensome . 
  one can only assume they would want them to be ` less stringent ' . 
  the issue is that our government 's rhetoric tells us they 're putting political ideology before economic well-being . 
  that 's not a one-time thing , but a chronic condition that will set us up for a series of one-time things that will continue to have a negative impact on the economy . 
   may know this and will try to minimize any kind of uncertainty uncertainty is only part of the issue . 
  when the tories gave us a clearer picture of the kind of brexit they envisage , the pound fell further . 
  that was we had more clarity about the future , and it looks worse . 
  not all the 52 % ... that would be unlikely . 
  but the idiots in the country gravitated that way -- so the polls tell us . 
  one of the biggest predictors of being pro brexit was low educational achievement . 
  make of that what you will . 
  do n't include us !, 
  and brexit is n't cutting our nose to spite our face ? 
  we 're not automatically entitled to goodwill from the eu in these negotiations . 
  [ it 's mentioned here ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sick_man_of_europe ) there a piece that discusses it [ here ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4553464.stm ) . 
  by 1975 the uk asked the imf for the biggest bailout at the time - it would only be surpassed by the greek bailout . 
  other companies seem to have legitimately low emissions during tests . 
  test conditions are very different from road conditions so it is entirely expected that normal use would lead to be associated with higher emissions . 
  vw installed a small urea tank that would only be used when the car detected it was being tested . 
  no one else did this . 
  it crosses the line and is blatantly fraudulent . 
  worse still vw boasted about their low emissions and marketed this as a feature , knowing full well they were cheating the test . 
  yeah exactly . 
  one of each is fair enough . 
  first of all , we do n't have to get everything . 
  being a smaller economy , attracting only some of the fdi would be ok .  why would they come to scotland over ireland or the netherlands ? 
  this would be a `` personal '' decision , for each company to take . 
  some will find a better fit here , others will be better off with a base in ireland , the netherlands , or anywhere else . 
  our job would be to play to our strengths and position ourselves well . 
  otherwise , like i said , language , law and currency would help . 
   will we drop corporation tax to compete ? 
  the white paper last time round said that we would do that . 
  i do n't see any reason why this would change . 
   what if the ruk does the same ? 
  that 's the current plan , if we have to compete , so be it . 
  whatever maximises government revenues . 
   economically , the outlook for a scotland outside the the uk is much more dour than inside . 
  trade with the rest of the uk accounts for 64 % of scotlands exports . 
  out of interest , the largest of these sectors are : - financial and insurance activities ( # 7.4 billion ) , - wholesale , retail trade ; repair of motor vehicles and motorcycles ( # 6.6 billion ) , - utilities ( # 4.8 billion ) , - manufacture of food products , beverages and tobacco ( # 4.0 billion ) , and - legal , accounting , management , architecture , engineering , technical testing and analysis activities ( # 3.5 billion ) . 
  yes , we are likely to suffer a little more in the short term , but the long term economic potential would be better in the eu . 
  i can be . 
  if you look at middle eastern democracies , you 'll find plenty of examples .
