  if we have to join the eea it will certainly be a condition . 
  the single market consists of `` the four freedoms '' : free movement of goods , services , capital and labour . 
  free movement of labour exists therefore a part of the single market and not beside it . 
  they swiss are part of the schengen area , and when they tried to pull out , the eu said they would lose access to the single market . 
  there is no access to the single market without free movement ( and more recently without schengen ) . 
  join the eea anew without being in the schengen area ? 
  can that be done ? 
  the eu will inevitably legislate that euro clearing must take place in the eurozone . 
  hsbc alone plans to move over 1,000 jobs to deal with this . 
  there are rumours that stanley morgan will move 2,000 ( they deny that they 've already started ) . 
  jp morgan chase have said they 'll move jobs but have n't said how many . 
  edit : jp morgan said about 4,000 jobs . 
  the gbp lost about 10 % relative to the usd since thursday . 
  so if i could buy a thing for # 10 / $ 15 on thursday , and it lost 25 % of its value in gbp , today it costs # 7.50 or $ 9.90 . 
  that 's a drop of 25 % in gbp but over 33 % in usd . 
  and of course we have a limited amount of foreign reserves to actually buy gbp with . 
  you laugh now , but if labour splits , under fptp this could happen . 
  i suppose in that scenario we would n't even need an independence referendum !, 
  it 's an unpopular policy in calais and the government is under pressure from local officials to rescind it . 
  it could well end up as an issue in their next election , for example . 
  what happens is that we 'll have lower gdp growth , higher taxes and a higher cost of living . 
  it 's not good . 
  we also lose all sorts of rights and freedoms in exchange for rabid english nationalism . 
  the world wo n't end , but this corner is darker . 
  if the position in calais becomes untenable politically , and the french move the border to dover , they 'll all land in the uk anyway . 
  well , england seems to like using spite in deciding policy . 
  no , but the eu can be very uncooperative . 
  for example , the u.k. border is in calais . 
  it should be in dover , but the french agree to keep it in calais , which leads to migrants camping out there . 
  france could basically say , `` call article 50 , or we 'll rescind the deal and open the floodgates '' . 
  scotland wants independence ? 
  meps or commissioners could easily go to scotland to encourage breakup or offer reassurances from the eu side of things . 
  it 's not a single market , but it 's more integrated and that helps . 
  ford credit said their uk centre faces an existential threat with brexit , for example , so they may move operations to dublin or frankfurt . 
  because we do n't have a place on the council of ministers thanks the the existence of the uk . 
  it 's ok . 
  they could probably apply for asylum . 
  once prime minister bojo wipes out human rights in little england we 'll have to grant it to them . 
  finance companies benefit from pas sporting and clearance of euro transactions among many things . 
  it 's ok though . 
  you 'll soon find out how much the financial services sector benefits from the eu . 
  it 's a little different because we trust brussels more than westminster , 
  the eu would be given an absolutely massive bargaining chip during a difficult negotiation . 
  what do you think they 'll do ? 
  turn it down ? 
  there 's the prospect of inheriting the uk membership , but i 'd certainly be ok with all of those points . 
  today i 'd certainly take the euro over the gbp ( in fact i already did a few weeks back and it turned out to be a good bet ! ), 
  you 've got to do proper ceilidh dancing ( pronounced kaylee ) . 
  it 's brilliant . 
  the euro will be a safer bet than the gbp going forward . 
  perhaps we should adopt the swiss franc . 
  that one looks good . 
  polls appear notoriously unreliable in general right now . 
  polls about ` would you support x if y happens ' are even worse . 
  when the truth of this crystallises , the majority will want a referendum and the majority will vote out . 
  edit - i say this as a committed pro-union voter last time round . 
  now , i would vote out without hesitation . 
  small catch . 
  the scottish independence referendum used a different electoral register : the one with eu nationals . 
  those voted mostly pro-union because of security within the eu and they 'll switch in a heartbeat . 
  add to that a few people like me who 'd switch anyway because brussels   westminster and there you go . 
  instant majority . 
  remember the problem with scottish independence was a leap into the unknown versus the certainty of union . 
  now the biggest unknown is being chained to little england . 
  of course not . 
  if we did , people might actually * come * here . 
  ca n't have that can we ? 
  they definitely seem to want to wind the clock back to some rose-tinted past before the eu though . 
  how far back ? 
  remember india was a british colony until 1947 and we did n't grant them independence easily . 
  there were plenty of other significant ones ( a large chunk of africa ) until the 1960s . 
  our conduct during the mau mau rebellion in the 1950 's was n't stellar . 
  we joined the eu in 1973 . 
  that does n't leave a huge window between the effective end of the empire and it 's one that was dominated by domestic unrest . 
  evoking churchill , makes me think that johnson wants to turn the clock back to at least the 40s . 
  at least they get to see the sun :(, 
  oh yeah , russia is a splendid place . 
  if only we could be more like them . 
  it 's * almost * like brexiters want to turn back the clock . 
  that 's what they do now , but it was a change of practice they were yet to undergo . 
  a the time he was just another eurosceptic mep ( amazing volte-face ) . 
  he was a silly point . 
  although his english can be entertaining , it 's definitely passable . 
  now they translate everything to english and work from here but at the time they translated from each language to every language . 
  good luck finding a maltese to lithuanian interpreter , especially back then . 
  anyone can see the local labour mp did n't close down the local mental health service . 
  in fact , her party generally opposes these sorts of cuts . 
  also , you 'll note that he 's said nothing about efficient access to local psychiatric services , but has said enough fanatic right wing crap . 
  do you reckon he forgot why he 's done it then ? 
  he did it for the reason he said . 
  he killed her because he 's a right wing nutter ( possibly in a vulnerable mental state ) , who was pushed by the atmosphere of hostility towards migrants and because she spent many years supporting them . 
  its a moot point now . 
  his statement in court makes the same point . 
  in fact it would be quite remarkable if unrelated witnesses all guessed his motive and political affiliation just like that , so he did probably say it . 
  is n't the official campaign ` vote leave ' ? 
  the crown dependencies enjoy a special relationship with the eu . 
  for example jersey gets to enjoy free trade in goods and is considered part of the eu in that respect . 
  they also do not have a land border with the eu . 
  it 's a big change in circumstances . 
  i voted no in the last referendum , but in case of brexit , i 'd be pretty keen to reverse that .
