  they 're laying the ground work . 
  if brexit goes bad ( as it likely ) , we 're pretty much out . 
  that 's precisely it . 
  some of us are unhappy about that and by highlighting this , the snp demonstrate how dysfunctional the uk is . 
  they can use this as a reset point for a second referendum . 
  that 's because it * was * italy for a while !, 
  luxardo was based there was n't it ? 
  the thing about italy is that it 's not just the nature that 's beautiful . 
  the architecture of the risorgimento is simply stunning - even places like turin have some incredible buildings and squares not to mention the cafes on piazza san carlo . 
  then there are places like milan , rome and florence that put most of the world to shame . 
  that burn was so sick my phone caught fire . 
  it would make up ( at least partially ) for a crappy 2016 . 
  they are * inching * closer , but of course , they 're still miles away . 
  they relaxed visa restrictions , for example . 
  that means it 's insanely expensive to produce a handful of drones and you have limited ability to test them in hostile environments . 
  when push comes to shove , they may well all turn out to be useless especially given some bizarre choices elsewhere . 
  for example , the type 45s are not designed to operate in the persian gulf , andthe water is too warm for their engines . 
  bae claimed that the spec from the government did n't include that . 
  i think they 're being refitted , but i 'm not sure . 
  personally i prefer that german guy batch , he wrote a whole bach of great music . 
  if cost is an issue , you 're probably better off flying and in that case there 's no reason to look for a half way point . 
  depending on when you 're flying , you can fly from copenhagen to brussels for about $ 20 - it 's not * too * far from the hague . 
  if your friend is happy to fly , you could go to bergamo ( it 's quite pretty and it 's close to milan ) for about $ 20 too . 
  britain always strongly opposed the idea of a multi speed eu . 
  in part , it 's not that we did n't want to be in a federal eu , but rather because we did n't want one to exist . 
  now we 're powerless to stop it . 
  do n't worry about that . 
  we are paying , and will continue to do so :(, 
  not enough fish tacos :(, 
  you should try following italian politics . 
  they somehow end up with more parties than candidates ( seriously ) . 
  you have more than one provider * and * you can choose . 
  the trusts are different entities . 
  your interpretation is so detached from reality that it does n't even belong in an alternate universe !, 
   voluntarily enter into agreements with other countries/institution does n't erode sovereignty in any way . 
  so if we agree to allow hormone-treated beef because the us wants it in a trade deal , and then can not step back from it , you think that 's not an infringement of sovereignty ? 
  but then , l let me guess , the eu is ? 
  you have a remarkably interesting world view !, 
   how so ? 
  one is a non-irish entity try to affect the result of the referendum in their favor , and the other is russia doing the same thing . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  so the uk government should n't have interfered in the scottish referendum ? 
  and national parties should n't interfere in by-elections ( or constituencies in a general election ) ? 
  the difference is that ireland is part of the eu not russia , just like scotland is part of the uk . 
  you really do n't see a difference ? 
   incompetent and corrupt politicians ok , unsubstantiated accusations . 
   you think it 's good that people do n't get to vote on very specific and very important questions ? 
  generally not , no . 
  i would make an exception if the question is unequivocal and if its a constitutional referendum , there should be safeguards like supermajorities and consideration of devolved nations/federated states . 
  brexit shows exactly why . 
  people voted one way because they were lied to . 
  some of those lies have come to light , others will turn out in due course , but it 's already too late . 
  referenda , if badly planned are a perversion of democracy . 
   you do n't think that people who voted to leave the eu voted on whether the uk should leave the eu or not ? 
   why do you think anyone but the people should vote on it ? 
  if you want competent and uncorruptable people voting for it , you certainly would n't let politicians and beurocrats vote . 
  we have a representative democracy for a reason . 
  we should use it . 
  the people vote , through their representatives . 
   why do you think anyone but the people should vote on it ? 
  if you want competent and uncorruptable people voting for it , you certainly would n't let politicians and beurocrats vote . 
  i do n't know what their constitutional procedures are , but the safeguards should be there not in a referendum . 
   and campaigning , spending taxpayers money etc. 
  the should n't campaign then ? 
  so bascially , ~ ~ america ~ ~ britain first ? 
  it is n't sovereign though . 
  we 're still subject to hundreds of international treaties , including nato and echr . 
  any trade deal we will strike will erode this sovereignty too . 
   either it 's okay for the eu to try and influence memeberstates referendums or it 's not . 
  clearly it should n't be . 
  just as it would n't be okay if russia ran an anti-eu campaign during the brexit referendum . 
  what an utterly ridiculous comparison . 
  i think it 's ok for the eu to inform about a decision that affects it . 
  more importantly , i think that like in the us , referenda are a silly exercise for complex matters . 
   and again , most people of euope did n't even get to vote on it . 
  how you could possibly suggest any of this is democratic is beyond me . 
  did you get to vote on it ? 
  given the first irish referendum , i think it 's a good idea to not have referenda . 
  people end up voting on stuff that 's not on the ballot paper ( like , in fact , in brexit ) . 
   `` one way or another we will get the irish back on board '' - martin shulz yes , they got they back on board by listening to their concerns . 
  apparently they paid for a booklet the origin of which was clear . 
  i 'm sure it was n't the deciding element in a 20 % swing and associated landslide win . 
  you voted for the people who pick one of the commissioners ( your governemnt ) and the people who confirm them ( the meps ) . 
  the ep wants them to be chosen from the ranks of meps but the national governments do n't want that . 
  however i agree parliment should be able to initiate legislation . 
  the result of the referendum was respected , because the treaty was changed to respect the concerns that came out in the debate . 
  what more could you ask for ? 
  the concerns of a few irish people were thought important enough to change a crucial treaty affecting hundreds of millions of people . 
  they did n't ` force through ' the same treaty . 
  are we not ` slashing taxes and european-style regulations ' according to hammond ? 
  they should do . 
  we were on track to spend < 2 % , but osborne started counting pension costs to keep the headline figure  = 2 %, 
  nato minus the us certainly has more than enough power and capability to handle russia and china does n't have the means to start a war in europe . 
  exactly this . 
  france spends less than the uk by % gdp , but yet has a generally more capable army that can manage a prolonged conflict . 
  the uk can pretty much only support another force . 
  in practical terms , france could probably do what we did in iraq , but the uk ca n't do that any more . 
  yeah , they made changes that dealt with the concerns of the irish people like they should in any democracy . 
  enough with this silly revisionism . 
  also was a budding footballer , until his damaged his knee and had to give up .
