  westminster is ruled by a dup/tory alliance , so suddenly the dup have no reason to compromise . 
  fun fact : there are usually about 4 by-elections every year . 
  that 's more turnover than this government 's majority . 
  we will end up with about 8 by-elections between now and brexit . 
  hurray for strong and stable . 
  it depends . 
  some scots can speak gaelic , which is completely different to english . 
  others can speak scots which depending on who you ask , may or at not be a different language . 
  nevertheless , scots can be quite different from english ( auld lang syne is the most famous example of scots ) , but exists pretty much in a spectrum , where at one end it sounds a lot like english . 
  there are areas where these languages are spoken . 
  if you 're on the islands , you 're quite likely to hear scottish gaelic being spoken and scots is used more in the north east . 
  that said usually scots speak in english with a scottish accent and i suspect that this is what you mean . 
  italian languages like venetian are more distinct from italian . 
  it 's probably like the more extreme end of scots and not like a thick accent . 
  is the opening part of the 1926 poem * a drunk man looks at the thistle *, 
  i never said it was the only reason , bit it was definitely one of them . 
  how do you mean ? 
  the italian government had cut its debt remarkably by the start of the 2008 crisis down to just under 100 % . 
  it certainly was n't piling on debt . 
  the people also were n't fueling a hubble of personal debt . 
  companies were n't doing too badly for debt pre-crisis either . 
   the growth in the 00s were phantom , and failed to futureproof the italian economy this bit is spot on though . 
  growth was weak . 
  i speak fluent italian and i ca n't understand venitian or neapolitan . 
  there 's a clip of marchisio commenting a childhood goal in piedmontese - again , it 's difficult to follow . 
   these dialects are not totally unintelligible from official italian you could argue that not even french or spanish are exactly unintelligible from italian . 
  i never learnt spanish , but i can more or less follow a newspaper article . 
  and that he served 3 times !, 
  the main ones are : - up to 4 million in the veneto speak [ venitian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/venetian_language ) . 
  - up to 5.5 million speak [ neapolitan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neapolitan_language ) . 
  [ there are many other languages though ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_italy ) . 
  renzi 's electoral reforms were supposed to deliver strong government . 
  italians worry about this , because of mussolini and shouting `` strong and stable '' seems to bring back nasty flashbacks . 
  the economist , along with some italian politicians , specifically mentioned the mussolini thing . 
  the perfect bicameralism of their government is designed in large part make it impossible for another strongman to arise . 
  to assert power , they 'd need to win a majority in two parliaments elected by different electorates , according to different rules . 
  on top of that , the parties do n't really have long traditions and are very prone to split . 
  it 's the closest but the trend has been a narrowing one and this is the latest poll that continues in that vein . 
  it 's worth mentioning that different polling companies are trying to correct the oversampling of young labour voters in different ways . 
  the ones you see that show a big lead basically weight heavily against young voters , basically assuming that no matter what , they wo n't vote . 
  polls like this one try and correct the underlying sampling bias . 
  it remains to be seen which is more accurate . 
  it basically depends on whether young people actually vote or not . 
  the current thinking is that may wants to leave the single market and attempt to opt in to individual aspects of it . 
  she previously did this with some eu justice agreement , where she opted out of all of it , and then opted into parts of it . 
  no one knows what may is thinking ( probably not even she does , since she changes her mind all the time ) , but it seems she is gearing up to try and do something like that with the eu treaties . 
  that is exactly a ` having your cake and eating it ' scenario , and eu officials , as well as local lawyers and other experts , have said this is not possible . 
  when the uk pm brown first met obama , he gave him a pen holder made from the wood of an anti-slave ship . 
  it was the sister ship of the one used to make the desk in the oval office . 
  brown got a set of dvds . 
  the special relationship is a special political ploy they sometimes use . 
  it 's a close alliance , but it only works if people like theresa may demean themselves and appease people like trump ( you can replace with blair and bush if you like ) . 
  if the us is about to do some thing stupid , the uk will stand behind it matter what , but france and germany will try to talk sense . 
  i do n't know which friends you like to have , bit you can see how it works . 
  this is the latest and follows that trend , so it 's not necessarily an outlier . 
  you definitely ca n't say that until you get others . 
  predictions on individual seats like that are a bit tricky and basing it on a universal swing model is n't accurate . 
  the other poll released last night has labour at -8 and it was carried out before the manchester bombing . 
  not so much an outlier . 
  the actual number us 1.8 % . 
  i imagine the downvotes are because you 're speculating about something easy to check and your speculation us incorrect . 
  this is italy . 
  the party would fracture , the way they always do . 
  funnily enough the coalition between pd and fi that allows them to govern has led to both parties splitting . 
  a group as diverse as the m5s could n't survive a coalition work salvini intact . 
  they know that their best bet is to sit in opposition for another term and make things uncomfortable for a ruling coalition that is bound to have a narrow majority . 
  the m5s is a movement that is against parties and pro direct democracy . 
  the philosophy is that they will govern when they get a majority and beat the system . 
  the result of this philosophy is that they have people from all sides of the political spectrum . 
  how do you think people like turin 's major ( and indeed the people of turin ) would react to having salvini in government in coalition with the m5s ? 
   m5s gov how ? 
  they poll at 30 % and do n't want a coalition . 
  difficult to be certain , but the snp winning so many seats was a bit of a fluke , because of the peculiarities of fptp . 
  the unionist vote is consolidating around the tories , which will see them win more seats . 
  on top of that it seems the snp vote share will fall slightly . 
  i suspect the lib dems and labour will lose their seats , but the tories will gain 7-ish . 
  to be honest , i 'd rather a hung parliament than a huge majority for may . 
  she 's batshit crazy and i 'll welcome whatever keeps her in check . 
  well , my vote in the westminster elections is usually worth fuck all thanks to fptp . 
  i did . 
  does n't that get you a residency permit ? 
  http://goldenvisa-portugal.com/#2859 the maltese one seems to give you citizenship after 2 years when you do n't even have to live in the country ( although you have to spend some time there , it does n't seem to say how long ) . 
  yeah , it looks like cyprus , malta and bulgaria from what i can find . 
  i think some other do it at huge prices too ( e.g. 
  portugal offers a visa programme with citizenship after 6 years , does n't it ? 
  presumably a budget set by the ez finance minister with spending plans based on funds the eu has . 
  eurobonds would either mean the ability for countries to borrow money as eu debt , or ( more sensibly ) for the eu to be able to borrow money . 
  they do go well together , but there are situations ( scotland 's government ) where a government has a budget but no ability to borrow money . 
  who else does ? 
  countries usually sell residence permits and the like . 
  actually , the commission took the case to the ecj to get clarification in advance . 
  my understanding was the court decided that the eu has competence over more areas than was previously accepted . 
  neither is correct . 
  the ecj simply clarifies where the boundaries of eu competence lie and what competences exactly are shared with member states . 
  what this means for brexit is unclear , because it depends on what trade deal is sought . 
  incidentally , to some extent , we knew this already . 
  nevertheless , the advantage is that discussions can be kept to areas where the eu has full competence ( and these are more clear now than they were before ) , the disadvantage is that if we do that , we do n't go for a deep , far-reaching agreement . 
  that said , member states can still veto the deal in the council and the parliament still has its veto . 
  it just means that wallonia can not stop everything alone . 
   the investor-state dispute resolution mechanisms you do realise that the alternative to an isds is direct oversight by the ecj ?
