  on of the biggest problems they 've had with tpp is the president 's lack of fast track authority . 
  congress seem to have agreed on it just last week . 
  before that the republicans had been quite opposed to it since obama started looking to renew it in 2012 . 
  will congress let the president use fast track ? 
  they have n't exactly been forthcoming with that . 
  fptp favours parties with a concentrated voter base . 
  take the lib dems this time round - they 're expected to get 25 seats with 9 % of the vote . 
  ukip will get 3-5 seats with about 2x the vote . 
  perhaps because the u.s. 
  is n't the gold standard for healthcare provision ? 
  it 's interesting that the foreign affairs commissioner talking about home affairs/economic matters . 
  more so that her views do n't seem to align with the council of ministers and the pertinent authorities within the commission . 
  argentina is not usually classed as a rich country . 
  i 'm not comparing it to african countries , i 'm comparing to rich countries . 
  all i 'm saying is that the outcomes for former colonies differ wildly some are rich , some are not . 
  there are many factors that lead to this and one of them is likely to be the investment put in by the coloniser ( that word sounds really dodgy ) in the building of a modern state . 
  yes , and burton are first in league two ( i just checked ) . 
  my point was that there are big colonies populated by european settlers that have n't really made it as rich countries . 
  sure , but other ones like singapore , malaysia , india , malta , cyprus all have their indigenous populations . 
  although the last 2 are quite european in themselves , the former are n't populated by european diaspora . 
  the point is that if we made the colonial states in africa more robust they would be more prosperous and it would make them better trading partners . 
  of course , there was no need to do that , because we could make a lot of money just plundering them . 
  after we left , with no proper structure of a state in place , they 've mostly done poorly ever since . 
  conversely , argentina is a country that is populated by european expatriates . 
  it 's moved from military dictatorship to military dictatorship then to corrupt government . 
  it 's defaulted on it 's debt 8 times since the 1850s . 
  today it has a gdp per capita of $ 14,700 compared to the $ 41,800 of the uk and the $ 30,000 of spain . 
  of course , it 's one theory of many and it 's by no means gospel . 
  there are surely other factors involved . 
  those are very interesting questions and i 'm not sure anyone can give an answer . 
  there is a huge discrepancy in outcomes in colonial territories after they acquired independence and there is a huge debate as to why . 
  for example : * the united states is now a super power and one of the richest countries in the world . 
  certainly the richest big one . 
  * australia and canada are other rich countries . 
  * cyprus , malta , singapore and many others turned out ok . then most african countries have gone to shit . 
  for example zimbabwe was the breadbasket of sub-saharan africa , now it 's impoverished and needs food aid . 
  one of the theories i tend to favour is that in those colonies where we could exploit natural resources , we never really invested in development of strong state structures . 
  consequently , those states we exploited most never developed well after we left . 
  what i tend to believe ( though not very strongly ) is that with changing attitudes in the western world we would have grown less bad over time and ended up investing more in the development of stable state structures . 
  of course , in a similar vein , i think we have a moral obligation to remain involved in the development of african states and a duty to help maintain stability where we can . 
  i think france does this well enough , but we ( the uk ) do n't ( see zimbabwe and the recent trouble in kenya ) . 
  ninja edit : just to clarify - i do n't think we should send the army to kenya or anything , but we should support them in terms of intelligence and training in dealing with al-shabaab . 
  edit 2 : typo . 
  we get a weekly map of colonial africa . 
  i think we 've run out of meaningful historical discussion . 
  the colours are the real novelty here !, 
  at least it exists . 
  indeed , but my understanding is that after a few bouts of restructuring , the interest rate today is effectively 0.5 % above the 3-month euribor rate ( today 0.12 % ) . 
  i 'm not sure if this is an actual question or a rhetoric one to point out why ops argument is silly , but today greece 's debt on 10-year bonds is [ 11.15 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-bond-yield ) . 
  is n't the [ present arrangement 0.5 % above the 3-month euribor rate ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/6e5532c0-a310-11e4-ac1c-00144feab7de.html#axzz3x0hcyfll ) ? 
  [ the current 3-month euribor rate is 0.12 % ] ( http://www.euribor-rates.eu/euribor-rate-3-months.asp ) . 
  edit : you have to remember that , for example , italy borrowed money at a high interest rate and loaned it to greece at a much lower one - meaning italy loses a tonne of money . 
  try doing it on a tablet . 
  they 're so bloody close to each other . 
  the ones i knew i mistapped . 
  of course you should n't be allowed to try and rewrite the deal . 
  what would be the point otherwise ? 
  it 's taken a couple of years to get here . 
  if we need to start over every time some minor party in any country wants to add something , we would n't have a deal at all . 
  even before we started , if we thought the us congress might start suggestions amendments after the deal is reached , we would n't have entered into negotiations at all . 
  it 's not that you ca n't make any amendments to the deal , it 's that making them would mean reopening talks over and over again . 
  that may be possible with two or three countries , but with 30 parliaments , that means it will never go through . 
  in that light , if you do n't like the deal , you chuck it out . 
  in any case , supranational politics is different to national politics because you have no democratic say over the people in other countries . 
  as a result you compromise to reach a deal with them . 
  although it sounds nice , your idea is fundamentally isolationist and unworkable in today 's modern , interconnected world . 
  not at all . 
  it 's a pragmatic approach to get the agreement of 30 parliaments ( not including the upper houses of some countries ) . 
  if each country had to start suggesting changes after a deal is reached , we would n't have a deal at all . 
  therefore , we 're presented with a deal that our negotiating teams think will benefit everyone and we get to say ` yes ' or ` no ' . 
  if you want changes , you might as well forget the whole thing . 
  you want to change how eggs are washed ? 
  someone will have conceded something else in return , so they 'll want to undo that . 
  yes , and that criticism is pointless . 
  we get to see the final version that our negotiating teams sort out . 
  all our parliaments get to vote on it ( all 28 eu parliaments , the ep and the us congress ) . 
  the whole process will take 1 or 2 years according to the uk government , so the text will be public for quite a while before we vote on it . 
  it 's difficult enough to formulate a deal between 29 parties . 
  can you imagine what it would be like if you added the conflicting opinions of about 900,000,000 people ? 
  there would be no deal . 
  that 's what the people making that criticism want and they know this only too well , so take it with a pinch of salt . 
  oh yeah , how * dare * we make an informed decision about ttip instead of speculating blindly . 
  if only one country votes against ttip , it can not be ratified . 
  so yes , using a ` tiny unimportant country ' is the best way to sabotage the process . 
  both sides had been mulling over it for a while and it has been floated a few times over the last few decades . 
  with the slow economic recover in the eu , there 's finally political will to go ahead . 
  we 've always had a large chunk of the population that 's skeptical of the us , so it 's not really a new thing . 
  in times gone by , they used to support the communists , today they find an outlet in protesting ttip . 
  despite numerous reassurances from governments and the eu , publication of an unprecedented amount of documentation relating to negotiations and not actually having seen the agreement yet ( we all will see it before it 's voted on ) , these people insist they know it will be bad . 
  i do n't think it 's reprisal . 
  i understand victims and/or their families often feel an element of this , but the prosecutor is often the state , who 's primary aim is the maintenance of law and order and would rarely ( only perhaps in exceptional circumstances ) care about revenge . 
  the judiciary , who ultimately decides the sentence is always independent and further removed from the events , meaning that even when private prosecution is possible , revenge is kept out of the actual punishment . 
  the us federal government derives its authority from the states that from the union . 
  the issue of state rights vs federal government seems no less heated than here ; it 's just that the balance is more on the side of the states on this side of the pond . 
  what i 'm getting to is that each state sets its own taxes . 
  the federal government taxes people too . 
  it 's not only rates that are different . 
  some states have taxes others do n't or exempt things that other do n't ( or example iowa does n't put sales tax on food , but illinois , right next door , does ) . 
  why would fiscal union mean mean taxes and wages being the same everywhere ? 
  the us has a fiscal union and this is n't the case there .
