  norwegian salmon is pretty good and alaskan salmon is more readily available . 
  if we do n't get preferential access we lose out . 
  we already do n't export much there , and somehow we 'll have to export more . 
   you seem to be another of those idiots who think that all trade with the eu will cease if we do n't have a trade agreement or have import duties applied . 
  i obviously meant `` to compensate for the loss of sales to the eu '' , but if i do n't spell it out in baby steps you get all confused !, 
  i regret seeing this part of your comment as i finished , or i would n't have bothered answering you . 
  i wo n't waste any further time . 
  first of all , the eu gives us access to all its trade partners via its trade agreements . 
  we would lose all those eu markets ( including south korea , mexico and soon canada ) . 
  secondly , do you think we are more competitive than us industrial farming ? 
  it 's difficult to imagine opening enough markets to compensate for the eu if we do n't realign our agricultural sector to align with the us , and get a trade deal there . 
  the catch is that if we impose tariffs the eu will almost certainly impose equivalent tariffs , so farmers lose access to eu markets . 
  consumers in london wo n't make up for that . 
  perhaps it means the opposite . 
  ukraine was destabilised without military force , then the russians sent in a small amount of reinforcements to prop up the separatist army . 
  having more soldiers , or more hardware might not have helped ukraine . 
  war has changed and while conventional capability is important , we need need to figure out these new challenges . 
  take the us . 
  it has the largest military budget in the world , and it 's now led by a russian stooge after russia propped trump up during the election . 
  interesting . 
  that was the result in the scottish referendum and we were told it was an overwhelming rejection and a very definite answer . 
  that presumes that eu membership is a determining factor for catalonia ( and i agree that it probably is ) . 
  allowing scotland to join does not prevent spain from vetoing catalonia 's accession . 
  spain could anticipate the problem by stating specifically that it would veto catalonia 's accession indefinitely . 
  it would be a dick move , but i would expect spain to veto catalonia in any case . 
  not really . 
  as long as the council votes on it , it does n't make a difference . 
  spain could always veto catalonia joining , for example , even if they let in scotland . 
  i did know about vermouth , but the waiter at this bar recommended carpano 's antica formula , which i had never had before . 
  it 's pretty good . 
  it works great in a negroni too !, 
  that all depends a little on the pd 's on going schism . 
  i understand thought that there is speculation of a new grouping with the ncd and some other groups , though . 
  i 'll never understand why bersani is doing this shit . 
   if the law gets changed to a majoritarian system system then it will either be another renzi government or a m5s government and seeing how pd and m5s are nearly tied it could easily go either way . 
  this is unlikely now , is n't it ? 
  did n't the consititutional court strike down the run-off system ? 
  it honestly gets difficult to keep up :(, 
  if you need any tips on getting tickets , join us over at / r/juve . 
  we 've [ got a wiki page about it here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/juve/wiki/tickets ) . 
  i love turin . 
  it 's certainly underrated !, 
  the eu is allowed a foreign policy position when everyone agrees . 
  as such , it is n't an independent foreign policy , like for example the us foreign policy which does n't need approval of new york state . 
  it was both . 
  draghi kept the spread down , but in itself that would n't bring down the deficit and help control italy 's ballooning debt pile . 
   mismanagement of the southern finances that 's a strawman . 
  the reality is more complicated and different countries have different issues and the financial crisis brought them to the fore . 
  greece did mismanage its finances , i 'll give you that . 
  italy 's debt : gdp ratio peaked at over 120 % of gdp in 1994 and had come down to a little under 100 % just before the crisis . 
  the mismanagement was n't financial . 
  italy has structural problems in its sclerotic labour market and low rate of tertiary education . 
  the latter means it 's difficult for italy to exploit its services sector while manufacturing structures . 
  right now , italy needs investment and reform . 
  you make no profit if you lend money and it is n't paid back . 
  funds are interested in sound economic policy , because it means they can get their money back . 
  when debt is sold , the interest rate is an indicator of how keen people are to buy it . 
  for example , germany is very likely to be able to pay back any money i lend it in 10 years time , investors are happy to buy it at low interest rates . 
  when italy sells its debt , it 's perceived as riskier , so no one will buy it at the same rates as german debt . 
  that means that to make up for the risk , the italian government has to pay more . 
  it 's not so much that it was bad , but that it was unpopular . 
  the minutiae of the reform may have been different , but the general idea was necessary . 
  bond spread against germany was ridiculously high and as a result , borrowing costs were unsustainable (  7 % ) . 
  measures needed to be taken to restore the faith of bond markets , who were unhappy to buy italian debt . 
  personally , i think the correct way to deal with this was debt mutualisation ( eurobonds ! ), 
  but that was a political non-starter and the italian government needed to act on thing within its reach . 
  basically taxes had to go up , and welfare spending had to go down . 
  monti made it happen ; he had no choice though because it was berlusconi that got italy to that point . 
  italy needs reforms , some of which are unpopular . 
  berlusconi sat on on them for far too long and created the mess that monti had to sort out . 
  some of the measure were unpopular , but they were necessary . 
  still more needs to be done . 
  monti is unpopular only because he had to clean up the mess that berlusconi would n't . 
  it 's unfortunate that berlusconi is not more unpopular seeing as he ran ** 4 governments ** in the 25 years before the crisis and has a wikipedia page dedicated to the numerous controversies he 's been involved in . 
  edit : for example , i 've always loved the idea that a senior mafia boss just happened to be looking after his horses . 
  i read that as the chief investigator backed up his opinion on whether the information could be released . 
  the statement was about the investigation , not the data released , so i do n't know why you made that jump . 
  defamation is not usually a criminal offence , for example . 
  having the police regularly bring charges forward against journalists is an effort at intimidation . 
  labour mps voted for a law proposed by the labour party . 
  surely that 's not a surprise . 
  yes but since england is more populous , what scotland says means nothing . 
  we are overridden by england . 
  in the eu and in federal states we get more than parliamentary votes . 
  they usually ensure that smaller states are not simply dictated to by larger ones . 
  they usually do this in a chamber where all states are represented equally . 
  we do n't have that . 
  why do you think people vote for the snp ? 
  they realised that labour mps put party first over their interests . 
  if we get no say in such an important matter as leaving the eu , then the constitutional arrangement does not work for us . 
  luxembourg and wyoming ( each have a population of about 500,000 ) have more say in the eu ( pop  500,000,000 ) and the us ( pop  300,000,000 ) than we do in the uk . 
  actually luxembourg probably even gets more of an impact on how the uk is run than scotland . 
  far from it . 
  the union does n't work for scotland . 
  it 's a travesty , because we 're basically ruled by england with no say in anything . 
  it will be a rough few years but we 'd get into the efta or the eu a pretty quickly . 
  that would mitigate the short term impact and we 'd be better off in the long run . 
  these days even malta gets more of a say in the world than scotland in the uk . 
  we have no voice . 
  this is n't a union : we are simply ruled by england .
