  the eu can agree to something , as long as it passes through both houses . 
  namely it would have to pass through the eu 's lower house ( the ep ) and its upper house ( the council ) before it can be approved . 
  the council ( where the member states are directly represented ) is as much part of the eu as the commission and the parliament . 
  it 's exactly like the us senate exists as part of congress , not separate to it . 
  in that context , the debt is only owned by the u.k. government . 
  the eu does not have the legal capacity to take on debt , so there is no share of the debt for the uk to take . 
  the uk is also not part of the ecb and does not contribute anything towards it . 
  it 's quite unlikely england would send tanks rolling into geogr square . 
  in that case , good luck with the future of the country . 
  the uk does n't have all that strong a hand : * with regard to currency , the snp 's position that if we did n't get part of the boe , we do n't take any of the debt . 
  this is sensible . 
  in a divorce if you keep the house , you keep the mortgage too . 
  * if the uk does sign a fta with the eu , and scotland joins the eu/efta , then england will have to treat scotland as an eu/eea member and can not threaten to withhold trade . 
  in the uks negotiations with the eu this is the main weakness the uk has , but it does n't apply to scotland . 
  of course you can peg a currency , so long as you follow the same monetary policy as the currency you peg to . 
  denmark , among others , have done it for ages , for example . 
  yet , in the uk we throw out more almost 1.5 million bananas a year because they 're slightly bruised . 
  like it or not , people expect their fruit and veg to look a certain way . 
  the uk would also class veg in a similar fashion without the eu . 
  definitely agree . 
  as things stand schengen would be an aspiration rather than a politically achievable reality . 
  if we do n't get the boe , we do n't take the debt . 
  england 's debt : gdp ratio bumps up to about 100 % overnight . 
  enjoy . 
  when i fly within schengen , i 'm personally more at ease . 
  i imagine , if you 're in banking and flying regularly , being able to get out of the airport quickly is a plus . 
  on a tourism perspective , you would n't need a passport to get here , which would help marginally . 
  as the eu integrates further , i would n't be surprised to see eu citizens without passports , just as many us citizens do n't have them . 
  so yeah , benefits in this respect are small . 
  in addition , there are savings from border checks . 
  again , it 's not going to make or break a budget , but it 's handy . 
  the main feature of schengen for me is as a sign of unity and belonging . 
  we are european after all . 
  yes . 
  the eu has strict constitutional limits on what it can do . 
  the us/china/eu do n't have those limits on the pressure they can apply to the uk . 
  scotland could do pretty well off cap subsidies , so i 'm not sure what our problem with it is . 
  the benefit comes from easier travel with the rest of europe , benefiting services pretty much across the board . 
  given the cta in the british isles , however , we 'd probably best stick with that and take things from there . 
   define : independent = free from outside control ; not subject to another 's authority . 
  unless your definition of the word independent is different from the oxford dictionary 's you are wrong . 
  no country is free from outside control or authority ( the closest is north korea ) . 
  by pursuing brexit , the net result is that we are more vulnerable to the whims of big player than we would be in the eu . 
   alas , it seems unnessecary - why not just use the euro . 
  the main reason is that we can not join the euro until all the criteria are met , including 2 years in erm ii , but we would be independent before we would be allowed to join . 
  the options at that point are twofold : either unilaterally use the gbp , or make our own currency . 
  the latter option is the better one because it 's viable in the long run and because ( i think ) we would need a central bank to join the eurozone anyway . 
  in addition , if a correction to the exchange rate is necessary , it would have to be made prior to joining erm ii . 
   it 's very difficult to compare the two countries , especially under a 100 year difference . 
  rather than as a model , i mostly pointed it out to show what a system like that would look like in practice . 
  obviously . 
  there 's a bit that goes across on england 's side . 
  that would be england 's . 
  otherwise it 's a silly comparison as the boe is a shared asset , despite the name . 
  if we ca n't have a share of the assets , we ca n't take our share of the debt . 
  in that case , we can set up a new bank . 
   we are standing behind votes , not polls . 
  nevertheless you 're afraid ( not necessarily you personally ) of more votes . 
  like a second independence referendum or a second brexit referendum . 
   but they do n't want one . 
  we have an elected government to figure this out . 
  it 's not the pollsters ' job to dictate policy . 
  nevertheless it 's only fair to ask again . 
  hiding behind polls has become a hallmark of brexiters !, 
  are you afraid that you got lucky once and your luck may have run out ? 
  we would aim to get about 1/10th of the boe managing the peg should n't be impossible as long as we acknowledge academically that we have to follow frankfurt on monetary policy . 
  currently there is n't too much difference between england and scotland in terms of economy ( we do more oil and agriculture , but services dominate ) . 
  of course , that helps . 
  i voted no in that referendum . 
  the past 2 years have been a game changer . 
  now , like many , i 'd back independence . 
  it 's only fair to ask the question again after we were lied to throughout the campaign . 
  what would be done is : 1 . make a scottish pound ( we already print our own , so it would look identical ) . 
  we could use our share of the boe to back it . 
  peg it at 1:1 to the gbp . 
  at some point do like denmark and join erm2 and peg it to the euro . 
  when public opinion is in favour of the euro , join it . 
  this is effectively what happened with the irish pound iirc . 
  of course you can be . 
  27 other countries are independent within the eu . 
  the idea that you can not is just brexiter bullshit . 
  the idea that floating alone as an insignificant economy in global storms give you more independence is daft . 
  as brexit takes hold , the uk is too dependent on the us to tell of trump . 
  too dependent on china to take a stand on human rights . 
  when someone stands beside putin and ravages his human rights record , it 's merkel , not may . 
  why ? 
  because germany can stand strong , we need to suck up to putin . 
  leave the efta on joining the eu . 
  obviously . 
  there 's no policy change from the snp . 
  their ultimate goal is an independent scotland within the eu . 
  she just outlining how we might get there . 
  not quite . 
  it 's about broadening support for independence . 
  good politics , nothing more . 
  eventually . 
  there is pretty much no guarantee that will be in place in 2 years and if may keeps up this belligerent tone , it 's definitely not going to happen . 
  single market membership     fta . 
  it 's not even close . 
  even if we establish the most extensive fta ever in mankind 's history in the shortest amount of time imaginable , we 'll still be cutting back on our trade ties and losing out on all the eu'a ftas,
