  use evidence obtained from torture in his trial that 's what the echr found objectionable . 
  we , however , were happy for them to use to torture -- you know because no one can talk to us about rights because we 're british . 
  edit : incidentally , his deportation was allowed when jordan agreed not to use any evidence from torture in his trial . 
  i 'm just quoting the legal arguments for why the udi did not breach international law and why it is considered a special case . 
  for example the uk does not think it would set a precedent for scotland . 
  of course countries like spain disagree and think it sets precedent for catalonia . 
  this stuff gets very complicated very quickly . 
  there are factors that make the udi valid . 
  foremost is the failure of serbia to protect the rights of minorities in kosovo , but there were other factors including consideration of self determination and to be consistent with other regions being given independence . 
  that said it is widely regarded that kosovo is a special case and does not set a precedent . 
  even so , many countries ( even some in the eu ) do not recognise it . 
  the issue is far from clear cut , but please refer to the advice given by the icj , which when asked by serbia , advised kosovo does have a right , but it states the advice is not necessarily applicable in all cases . 
  edit : incidentally , it would be great if scotland could legally unilaterally declare independence , but despite the advice for kosovo , we would still need the uk 's consent . 
  missing out the inconvenient bit ? 
   the icj itself limited the scope of its decision by stating that it `` is not required by the question it has been asked to take a position on whether international law conferred a positive entitlement on kosovo unilaterally to declare its independence or , a fortiori , on whether international law generally confers an entitlement on entities situated within a state unilaterally to break away from it '' from wikipedia . 
  there is international law regarding the subject . 
  self determination does not trump a country 's territorial integrity . 
  maybe that 's wrong , but that 's the law . 
  self determination laws are designed to allow colonies to become free and independent . 
  in crimea 's case it would require ukraine ' a consent . 
  the vote in crimea was a not fair , and so means very little . 
  there are proper ways of organs using such a transfer of land . 
  this was not one of them . 
  my bad , i meant annexed . 
  who ~ invaded ~ annexed kosovo ? 
  colonisation of north america started about 500 years ago . 
  the world was a different place , with different laws and norms , so the comparison is a little disingenuous . 
  because it 's acquired illegally . 
  if i steal your phone , for example , it does n't become mine . 
  in addition to the number of victims , the attack in paris unfolded in different places over a span of hours , with one explosion clearly audible during an international football match . 
  we watched the thing unfold and in a way , we lived through it . 
  in contrast , berlin was a single incident . 
  it was sudden and initially we were n't 100 % it was a terror attack . 
  there is something truly heinous about an attack around christmastime , but i think it 's easy why the paris attacks generated a stronger reaction . 
  in fact , a more pertinent comparison would be to the nice attack , where the reaction was also less strong than for paris . 
  i suspect op did n't think about it because , sadly , we 're also getting used to it again , after a relatively quiet decade in the 90s . 
   social liberals i 've heard ` progressive ' used for that before . 
  i frequently travel to countries within the eurozone , and quite often buy things priced in euros or usd ( i recently had to renew a bunch of hosting and domain names , for example ) . 
  that 's the most direct impact . 
  then there 's a whole host of things that just got more expensive ( fuel , tech products , etc ) . 
   let me put it another way , if the us economy booms and the dollar jumps 10 % to the euro , should i feel that because of the eu i 'm suddenly 10 % poorer ? 
  that depends on your exposure to the usd , and how companies who make their earning in usd , or import from the us react . 
  so ... that 's a vote for scottish independence then ? 
  no , the fact that i 'm about 10 % poorer now than before the referendum is just great , in fact . 
  loving it . 
  not really , his hand was forced with the referendum . 
  he got a majority support for it in parliament , but not the supermajority needed to change constitutional law . 
  the only way to get it through was to go for a referendum . 
  cameron 's move was completely unforced and far more stupid . 
  the centre-right here organise [ cavalry charges against them ] ( http://www.aworldtowin.net/images/images570/minersstrikef.jpg ) . 
  the centre-right here seems to be way to the right of merkel . 
  the same could be said for france - their right wing is well to the left of the tories . 
   i know , it 's a trump meme . 
  apologies again . 
  i was n't sure . 
  it 's one of those words that ` should ' exist . 
    we 've been blindinly going `` forward '' for 20 years i suppose it 's a matter of perspective . 
  nevertheless something needs to be done and i 'm not sure i see anyone on the political scene whose up to the task . 
  another unelected technocratic pm perhaps ? 
  perhaps padoan ? 
  anyway , i just want to say it 's been a pleasant debate - which is a rarity on reddit these days . 
  thanks . 
   yet renzi passed them with no issue . 
  i would n't say ` no issue ' . 
  the italicum , jobs act and the bill for the constitutional amendment were like something out of a political drama . 
  of course he needed to do more , but was unable to . 
  if they could push through reforms over the past 20 years , why did they never do that ? 
  italy has some of the world 's best economists , they are always some good ideas about what 's wrong and how to fix it , yet these ideas do n't seem to go anywhere ( other than perhaps the opinion pages of il sole 24 ore ) . 
  is n't bersani one of the most outspoken people in that ` minoranza ' of the pd ? 
  he does n't have any official leadership but does seem to have some pull with the hard left . 
  i think he 'd rather see berlusconi in charge than renzi . 
   yet the no won bigly even in areas where they are weak . 
  small note - your english is excellent ( it really is ) but bigly is n't a word . 
  you could say ` won big ' or ` won by a large majority ' . 
  like i said - a minor point . 
  these referenda are funny because they 're never about the question . 
  they ultimately boil down to whether like the government or not . 
  clearly renzi is n't liked and that may well have sank the reform . 
  the question is where do you go from here ? 
  do you stay mired in the same swamp ? 
  is there anyone to take the country forward at all ? 
  it would have centralised a lot . 
  the only problem in that regard is with corrupt appointments to the senate . 
  the thing is that * any * deal that comes out of the parliament is a compromise . 
  it wo n't stamp out all the bad stuff , because people like berlusconi want the bad stuff in there . 
   yes , and yet we are mired in stagnation . 
  which means that making laws easier to pass is not what we need . 
  it 's about making it easier to pass big reforms . 
  that said this is using a sledgehammer to crack a walnut and there would have been better ways to deal with the problem . 
  the main issue , i think , is the internal stability of the parties . 
  here in the u.k. the conservatives have a majority of 9 ( if not less ) , and can govern pretty effectively . 
  there are occasional set backs , but the government wo n't fall easily . 
  in italy a majority of 9 would n't last a week . 
  if the renzi could count on his own party for support then could get stuff done , but he ca n't because bersani hates him and will use every opportunity to destroy his own party 's government . 
  from here , it looks pretty strange . 
   the tribalism is thinking that voting no means being with grillo or berlusconi . 
  i voted no and i loathe both those cunts . 
  they ( along with salvini ) are the standard bearers for the no . 
  none of them inspire much confidence . 
  monti came out against , which made me think a bit .
