  look at erdogan - he won a vote , but that does n't justify his rule . 
  just because the majority agree does n't make a decision good , or right , and does n't mean it 's definitely fair to inflict it on everyone . 
  in the southern us , for example , segregation was popular , but a referendum could n't be used to justify it . 
  it would still be bad . 
  similarly in the uk , until recently , more than 50 % would have supported capital punishment . 
  that does n't mean it was just . 
  the legislative framework is broadly similar and more familiar , and we speak the same language . 
  many companies also already have some presence in scotland and they may not have presence elsewhere . 
  those are some of the reasons american companies like to set up in ireland ( apart from the low corporation tax , of course ) . 
  in fact , the main competition for this role would be ireland . 
  malta could be a small player too ( e.g. 
  dyson were domiciled there for a few years ) . 
  in addition , we 'd probably end up using the pound in some form , at least for a few years , so that would favour us for that role . 
  effectively , we could be like ireland , but with some oil . 
  edit :  which means nothing . 
  i imagine many english prefer the name english , but do n't want england to leave the uk . 
  according to the census , 52 % of english people identify as british , but only 19 % of scots do . 
   if you really think many scots are offended by the name ` brit ' , you probably need to get out more . . not offended , but prefer to be called scottish ... it 's been borne out in numerous surveys . 
   we do a lot more trade with the uk than with the eu at the moment when we have full access to both markets . 
  the best would be some kind of role as england 's gateway to europe . 
  both situations are disruptive , but the eu provides far more potential for growth , so i 'd pick that . 
   placing a border between scotland and england would be terrible for both . 
  it would n't be great , but there is far more potential in staying in the single market , than sitting outside of it . 
  we 'd be far too dependent on england 's fortunes . 
   kind of strong rhetoric here . 
  ...  not really . 
  i 'm not speaking with legal accuracy . 
  my point was that scottish people identify themselves primarily as scottish . 
  in the ecb we would have a small say as we 'd be formally represented . 
  i 'm not sure if we have formal representation in the boe , but they 're supposed to take our interests into account . 
  oops . 
  that initially read * stay out of * , so i thought i 'd fix it !, 
  once you 've established that scotland has the right to self-determination , irrespective of the territorial integrity of the uk , then it 's a little difficult to step back and keep the moral high ground . 
  i 'll give you an insight into what changed my mind on scottish independence . 
  first of all , the eu was an important issue for many . 
  remember that the precedent set is that eu nationals vote in scottish independence referenda . 
  for 3-5 % , that 's probably the single most important issue . 
  in addition , leaving the uk would mean severing ties with the rest of the uk and the rest of the eu . 
  now it does n't !, 
   british identity calling a scot british might be technically correct , but it wo n't make you many friends outside of the orange order . 
  even at the time of the referendum , 65 % identified themselves as scottish and not british . 
  it usually hovers around 75 % . 
   economic concerns well ... we 've got economic concerns now in both cases . 
   currency concerns compared to the euro , today i am 10 % worse of than i was on the day of the independence referendum and 15 % worse off than exactly 1 year ago . 
  the prospect in the future is for the sterling to devalue further against the euro . 
  in both cases , we get no say in monetary policy . 
  today i 've got more concerns about the sterling than the euro . 
  well , i voted to stay in the uk , because i really did n't think people south of the border would be this daft . 
  in a second referendum i would definitely vote to get out of the uk . 
  not all states were of a similar size . 
  virginia was probably more than 10 times the size of rhode island . 
  yet , a fair constitution allows wyoming ( pop 550,000 ) a platform ( the senate ) where it has the same say as , for example , california ( population 40,000,000 ) . 
  you are correct that there was n't the same dominance by a single state as there in the uk , but therein lies the problem . 
  it 's not an entitlement to bully the other states . 
  we 're opposing it because right now we 're the teachers pet and with an eu army in town , the teacher will lose interest in us . 
  we 're reaching new lows with each passing day . 
  well , it 's a busy time of yet for many . 
  perhaps you were unable to follow current affairs as closely . 
  the most densely populated country in the eu is malta . 
  if the uk were as densely populated , it would house about 550m people . 
  this ` too full ' thing is nonsense . 
  in any case , do you actually want the population to drop ? 
  and how ? 
  by stopping people having kids ? 
  why would the us would hate having a more capable partner across the atlantic ? 
  it 's the opposite . 
  the eu knows full well that the uk is opposed to an eu army , because having the world 's second best military on our doorstep makes us still less relevant . 
  by advancing the proposal , the eu demonstrates to the uk that it 's worst nightmares will come true and it can do fuck all to stop them . 
  if on the other hand we do n't trigger a50 , it 's all ok , because we can continue stopping things . 
  maybe i lost my rose tinted ones, 
  well , if it is , i 'm certainly seeing it in a different light . 
  it plays well with your average sun reader . 
  it plays appaliningly on the international stage . 
  i think we found our new ~ ~ military commissioner ~ ~ legatus legionis . 
  it amazes me that we 've had this system in place for several decades and you still do n't get it . 
  once people claim asylum , their claim is checked and if it 's valid they get refugee status . 
  if it is n't we try to send them back ( which is a legal nightmare in itself , but that 's a different matter altogether ) . 
  so once they 're brought to shore they 're not `` in '' . 
  they key point is making it easier to deport people who 's asylum claim is denied , because we should not stop people from claiming it in the first place . 
  some probably do do that , but it 's beside the point . 
  they leave in boats that can not make the journey so they need to be rescued . 
  is it cheeky ? 
  sure it is , but they still need rescued . 
  you can not answer with `` in * that * boat ? 
  you should have known better . 
  now drown '' . 
  we do n't supply very much hardware , so pretty much anyone that 's not malta will be able to plug the gap . 
  the mediterranean is divided into search and rescue zones ( which i believe a tied to other things like oil exploration rights ) . 
  if a ship needs rescuing in the italian search and rescue zone , they are legally obliged to rescue them . 
  they usually do ask to be rescued or will try to get to the shore undetected . 
  as far as i 'm aware they can not enter territorial waters without permission . 
  we provide hms bulwark and 2 patrol boats . 
  remember originally italy was handling all of this pretty much alone . 
  this one in particular is insane . 
  returning ships to libya is a violation of international law . 
  it would endanger the lives of people on those ships . 
  of course , we 're ditching the human rights convention , so we do n't care do we ? 
  we do well to stop fanning hatred at home and abroad . 
  cameron saying he 'd trigger article 50 the next day was n't exactly a prediction ; it 's what be said he 'd do . 
  english used in headlines has some peculiarities .
