  we 're the children of the divorcing parties . 
  we can look at what 's happening and pick . 
  i know i have -- may makes the choice an easy one . 
  in a nutshell , prolonged economic badness . 
  when shot goes badly people want change . 
  brexit will go badly . 
  yes , and that will take decades . 
  what 's more they are unlikely to be of the same quality . 
  eu trade deals that take long to negotiate result in extensive market access , whereas the ones organised by the efta alone , for example , are far shallower in scope . 
  soft brexiters will change their mind back once they get poorer . 
  most did n't vote leave with the intention of getting worse off !, 
  in trade agreements !? 
  when we have no competence over trade ? 
  perhaps in a couple of decades we 'll catch up with where the eu is now . 
  seriously ? 
  canada does not have the same proximity to the eu market . 
  it is close the us and has nafta . 
  switzerland has its very close ties with the eu , including schengen . 
  it has never cut back on those ties . 
  south korea has its trading network ( including a fta with the eu ) and expands on it . 
  it does not cut back . 
  we will get poorer because we will trade less for many years . 
  our only hope would be to accept whatever the eu puts on the table . 
  that 's why a large majority is helpful for may . 
  i think it 's inevitable . 
  the brexit majority depends on the elderly . 
  after this ` fuck you ' to us all , they gradually die off . 
  in the meantime , an already more pro-eu population will see themselves get poorer relative to the eu and see themselves get increasingly sidelined . 
  how long do you think that will last ? 
  if * i 'm * a lefty , that probably makes you a fascist ( i 'm anything but a lefty ) . 
   a stronger u.k. government means they can pursue the brexit they want and you 're claiming he has n't strengthened mays hand . 
  that 's empty rhetoric . 
  it 's not parliament that would limit may , it 's economics and the potential breakup of the union . 
  we have no cards , so eu will largely dictate terms and we need to agree . 
  a big conservative majority only makes it easier to agree to the eu 's terms as dissenters are less likely to derail a deal . 
  it does n't matter how strong the uk government is when the devolved nations can break off and when a no-deal scenario is so bad . 
  in fact , the only advantage of a stronger uk government is that it is better able to bend to suit the eu . 
   its ridiculous that a taxi driver needs a taxi license . 
  under current uk guidelines , for example , a taxi driver needs to follow the same medical advice a lorry driver , and not as a regular driver . 
  there are restrictions on epilepsy , blood sugar control in diabetes , etc. 
  on top of that , when a local authority issues a taxi driver 's licence , they should check things like criminal records etc. 
  sure there are different tiers and some are over-regulated , but some kind of special taxi licencing is a must . 
  i 'm not sure where you think the ecb comes into this . 
  an ezp , could try and target spending sensibly to get the best out of the ecb policies , but it could n't possibly dictate to the ecb , because it is independent . 
  that 's pretty much it - being in the slow lane would likely have meant being shut out of decisions that affected the uk indirectly . 
  the fear was that eu could push for further integration and the uk would not have been able to stop it . 
  this ran counter to uk interests , as the uk did n't only want less integration for itself , but for the entire continent . 
  things like an eu army give our foreign office and ministry of defence nightmares , because it would easily be much bigger than the uk army , and sideline the uk on an international stage . 
  in such a scenario ; an eu/us alliance would supersede nato or at least alter the dynamic immensely . 
  nato would consist of 7 or 8 countries : the eu , us , canada , iceland , albania ( a candidate for eu membership ) , norway , turkey and the uk . 
  even if the eu spent only 1 % of gdp on defence , its army would still be several times the size of the uk 's , so you can easily see where the centre of gravity would lie . 
  the countries are easy . 
  it 's the capitals that get me , in particular , montenegro 's . 
  you pretty much explain why fiscal transfers are a necessity in your post . 
   no matter what germans say in public , that they should pay some percentage of gdp to italy/france/spain / greece on a continual basis is going to be a tough pill to swallow . 
  that 's because germany is doing well now , but ...  especially considering the impending demographic collapse in germany . 
  economic growth is cyclical . 
  i remember italy being the hottest economy in europe with economy bigger than the uk , and germany being the sick man of europe . 
  at the time you would have probably argued why should italy pay for germany ? 
  as you point out current trends are not set in stone . 
  when germany 's demographics become less favourable , it would be good for it to be able to rely on other eu states . 
  the key point would be to implement it with democratic oversight by the ep , just as macron is suggesting , so that german voters have a say in how their money is spent ( to be clear , some german voters would be beneficiaries of a `` federal '' welfare model , just as some greeks would contribute to it ) . 
  the uk wanted everyone to be in the slow lane . 
  being on the periphery like that would have seen the uk sidelined on important issues and it deemed that situation to be unacceptable . 
  ironic is n't it ? 
  the uk usually fought the idea , because it would get stuck in the ` slow lane ' and be marginalised . 
  it 's a tiny budget and includes ` own funds ' too . 
  yes , you are perfectly right . 
  baroness warsi was one such person . 
  it 's not an unusual set up . 
  the us president 's cabinet is unelected . 
  at least eu 's is appointed by elected governments and the commission president is elected in a way similar to merkel ( and better than may has been soon far ) . 
  the commission is also a damn sight more democratic than our own set up : 1 . 
  one of our 2 houses is unelected ( and includes * bishops * ) 2 . 
  the head of state is a hereditary monarch . 
  that 's exactly the opposite of democratic . 
  the comparable role is tusk , who at least is chosen by democratically elected people . 
  that 's a great example . 
  only political union stopped scotland and england going to war . 
  the eu does this on a continental scale . 
  nato alone can not promote lasting peace . 
  it 's not nato . 
  peace in europe comes through promoting democracy and the rule of law . 
  the eu is the entity that promotes this . 
  stability in the balkans is not a result of any nato action , but as a result of working with the eu and pushing towards eventual membership . 
  by providing a framework in which countries can work together , the eu helps establish and maintain democracy in countries where it has been historically weak . 
  nato provides the muscle , but it does n't have a political arm . 
  as countless wars have shown us , lasting peace does not come through military power , but through political means - and that comes from the eu . 
  yet , the ft led with the gross figure , which , according to them , is not what the uk would actually pay . 
  that was not an eu demand . 
  that was a calculation by the financial times . 
  in fact , the eu is unlikely to ever give the uk an actual bill with an actual number on it . 
  why would they ? 
  what they 'll do give the uk a formula for calculating its debt to the eu . 
  the uk will give the number and the eu will check the working . 
  you 're comparing a # 50,000 car to a # 20,000 renault ? 
  i certainly see a lot more renaults than teslas . 
  the leak embarrassed may . 
  that was probably the point - to show how unprepared she is . 
  it highlighted that well and we understood why merkel spoke out the way she did .
