  the mistake ins ' t the euro ( that bit is fine ) . 
  the problem is not creating the structures to manage it across the block , like a treasury , eurobonds and some kind of budget that better enables fiscal transfers . 
  edit : oh ... and some kind of mechanism to handle state bankruptcies . 
  that one would be handy . 
  at one point upshot had texas as likely to go democrat and trump winning the election ( 12 % ) . 
  i did . 
  you can see i commented about it :  in italy there was guy who killed a black person - they got into an argument after the italian directed a racial insult at the other guy 's partner . 
  it also sent the country into a bit of a convulsion with coverage of the murder spanning a few days and quite a few prominent people discussing it , including their prime minister . 
  still nothing from theresa may ... 
  yeah . 
  best way to keep my french and italian up to scratch . 
  it comes in handy to follow football in italy and world events in francophone countries . 
  i keep trying german , but it getting through an article is a struggle . 
  i occasionally look at the nyt too - it can have some pretty good articles and is probably the best place to follow the us election . 
  it 's not just any other murder though is it ? 
  i do n't know . 
  our government basically became ukip . 
  it 's mostly a collection on loons from the right of the conservative party . 
  i 'd have never voted for them if i thought there was an outside chance of may ending up pm . 
   there is racism all over the world , including the uk . 
  what 's your point ? 
  yes there is . 
  i think we can all agree that we should be trying to cut down on it and that that trend has been reversed here . 
  killing people in the street is a new low , definitely in western europe . 
  and probably further afield . 
  and again :  but jesus christ , there 's not going to be a hunt to kill polish people . 
  given that poles in the uk have suffered an increasing amount of xenophobic attacks recently , your comment clearly implies that poland 's concern is misplaced because `` jesus christ , there 's not going to be a hunt to kill polish people . '', 
  you keep excusing the incident - twice in the one comment :  this incident is also yet to be confirmed whether it was racially motivated or not , so people are jumping to conclusions . 
  ...  there is racism all over the world , including the uk . 
  what 's your point ? 
  the incident in inexcusable . 
  `` i think it 's terrible , but ... '' means you do n't think it 's terrible . 
  it 's not just you . 
  the incident is horrific . 
  yet , it did n't get nearly as much coverage as you 'd expect . 
  the reason editors make decisions like that is they do n't think their readers care as much . 
  that alone is a worrying indictment of public sentiment . 
  you said :  what these teenagers did was disgusting . 
  but jesus christ , there 's not going to be a hunt to kill polish people . 
  so i guess as long you do n't think there 's going to be a hunt , it 's ok then ? 
  what about all the racially-motivated harassment poles have suffered recently ? 
  does it not matter because they 're not being dangled from lamp posts ? 
  we are already ** way ** beyond what makes me comfortable and this incident takes us beyond anything that 's happened recently in any similar civilised country . 
  dismissing it because we 're not slaughtering people in streets is bizarre . 
  i suppose even if it comes to that , at least we wo n't be exterminating them on an industrial scale , right ? 
  i ca n't really think of a similar murder in another eu country . 
  in italy there was guy who killed a black person - they got into an argument after the italian directed a racial insult at the other guy 's partner . 
  the circumstances were different and there was a stronger reaction to it . 
  here , it 's the casual dismissal ( like yours ) of these incidents that is so disturbing . 
  would n't she need to repeal the european communities act ? 
  or are we going to start negotiations without a guarantee that the act will be repealed ? 
  given that the uk is n't going to leave the planet , we would still be liable for the bill . 
  they do have the chancellor 's address , you know . 
  i do n't think you 're being cynical - i think it 's the actual stated intention of accession talks . 
  a turkey that can join the eu would look completely different from today 's turkey . 
  as you say , the promise of accession is a way of trying to get that change . 
  you 'll find that scotland voted overwhelmingly to stay in the eu . 
  there was only 1 recent referendum on the matter . 
  i voted to stay in the uk , but only because i was conned . 
  i look forward to an opportunity to fix mistake . 
  well ... first of all recently polls put scottish independence ahead . 
  that means it could very literally destroy the uk in that it would n't exist on a map any more . 
  secondly , i did n't mean literally , but it 's going to be grievous economic self harm . 
  we 're already considerably poorer than we were a 6 weeks ago and it will only get worse in time as we 're excluded from european initiatives like the capital markets union and so on and our economy takes a beating . 
  i do n't remember the uk pre-eu ( i was n't born ) but i 've seen pictures ... it was n't pretty . 
  it 's more fragile than you think . 
  the uk is the union i 'd rather leave , not the eu . 
  the last few polls done suggest the majority of people up here agree . 
  the confusion is likely intentional . 
  they 're all saying similar things , but enough to cloud what 's a reasonable starting point for our negotiating position . 
  concede too much and we get a poor deal ... start off too optimistically and waste a huge amount of time before having to accept what 's on the table . 
  i admittedly did stretch it a bit , but calling it is so suicidal that it should be a deterrent . 
  filing the trade schedule could still take a couple of years after brexit . 
  then again perhaps we should n't join the wto . 
  bloody unelected fat cats and experts ... telling us what to do and what to trade . 
  secede 2 . 
  fight it out in court 3 . 
  fight it out on the battlefield 4 . 
  win texas said that last step is the hardest one . 
  the analogy works . 
  it 's not about mutual annihilation , it 's about causing your own . 
  the ultimate problem with article 50 is that the situation is stacked against the country calling it . 
  the minute you do , it 's 27 vs 1 . 
  there 's enough shit to discuss that in 2 years we * may * reach an agreement on how to leave , how to pay outstanding funds etc. 
  if we do n't , we 're catapulted out . 
  there 's little to no opportunity to discuss a new deal with europe . 
  if it has to pass through all eu parliaments it would take years before any new deal came into force anyway . 
  the minute you call it , you 're lose all control over your destiny . 
  like if you were to lob a single nuke at russia . 
  only an idiot would be stupid enough to actually * want * to call it . 
  well ... three idiots ... boris , fox and davis . 
  hey hang on there - do n't include us . 
  we get along ok with the irish . 
  in northern ireland you ca n't vote for the same parties as you can in the rest of the uk and we have the snp in scotland , which does n't exist anywhere else . 
  the conservatives do n't even need to stand in scotland to win an election ( in fact they only won 1 seat here ) . 
  a little inflation is good for the economy . 
  that 's why the big central banks target 2 % inflation . 
  if you keep this up , you might be the next foreign secretary !, 
  greece 's government needed a bailout more than its banking sector . 
  you could have mentioned cyprus , spain or ireland and you 'd be closer .
