  of course in all cases i 'd point out that they needed an external bailout because they could n't borrow money from private markets . 
  italy , on the other hand , can very easily borrow the money needed on its own to pay for its own bailout and wo n't need taxpayers outside its borders to pay into the bailout scheme . 
  incidentally , with the ecb 's qe much of the new debt would end up on the ecb 's balance sheet anyway . 
  italy 's bailout of he banking system is relatively small . 
  about 2 % of gdp is needed , as opposed to the  7 % gdp we had to put in to ours to stabilise it . 
  that 's why the italian government wants to do it itself , only italy will pay for the bailout in any case . 
  you have more of an insight into world politics than our current foreign secretary !, 
  the banking union is partly implemented . 
  it needs more depth but afaik that 's being worked on . 
  fiscal capacity is still a pipe dream . 
  there are daily drops or rallies of 1 % or more . 
  that 's insane volatility . 
  it looks minor because the # dropped by record-breaking amounts overnight to become the world 's worst performing currency of 2016 . 
  the fluctuations are minor only in that context . 
  the $ vs $ in the meantime fluctuates by about the .2 % or less . 
  and the danish kroner is always kept within 0.5 % of the base exchange rate vs the euro . 
  juncker was put forward by the largest party elected in parliament . 
  it 's a different set up . 
  our pm is never directly elected ( neither is germany 's chancellor or italy 's pm ) . 
  france elect a president directly , but that 's just about it in western europe , i think . 
  juncker 's election is democratic in the same way that cameron 's was . 
  also , unlike obama , juncker then does n't pick his cabinet - it 's recommended by the member states . 
  this is different though . 
  the eu is freer to take steps that benefit the ez . 
  as things like a capital markets union come to fruition with less influence from non-ez countries , it will make staying out increasingly disadvantageous . 
  are n't they the heads of government ? 
  that would make them elected in any sense of the word ( although no one really elected may as pm ) . 
  it 's the commission that 's not directly elected , but that 's the equivalent of the potus ' cabinet -- which is also unelected . 
  with brexit , the aecr lose the tories . 
  also , more importantly , the efdd lose ukip - that puts them below the threshold needed to be considered a party and therefore they cease to exist . 
  would n't be he first time people talk about thing outside their brief in a cabinet . 
  is n't that pretty much the worst case scenario ? 
  it 's likely to damage london 's standing as the top financial services city in the world , which would in turn impact on the government 's tax revenue . 
  i do n't think denying scotland a referendum is a good idea - it would only boost anti union sentiment ( nothing looks better than what we 're told we ca n't have ) . 
  today , with the last few pools showing unprecedented support for independence , that would be a dangerous game to play . 
  the dop name for cheddar from cheddar is farmhouse cheddar . 
  in any case , greek yoghurt is n't protected according to the article . 
  it 's the calling the product greek yoghurt is misleading since it 's not from greece . 
  it 's probably as if i started making a cheddar here in scotland and called it cheddar gorge cheddar . 
  he got used to it over the past three weeks . 
  the eu does not have that competency . 
  it 's up to individual member states . 
  i do n't agree entirely . 
  the ecsc was initially formed precisely to bring economies closer together to avoid war . 
  promoting peace and stability has always been at the heart of the eu . 
  of course peace and stability bring economic prosperity , so we doubled down on that . 
  it 's a typical short-sighted effort to shore up an internal party problem by putting someone out of the way . 
  the catch is he can do damage ( not much , mind you , but still some ) . 
  it 's not only about deportation . 
  it 's about right to work . 
  if you 're non-eu your application is probably at the bottom of the pile , so hopefully it would be a short pile . 
  there 's also things like healthcare and other benefits to consider . 
  pissing off your negotiating partner before ceding advantage to them strikes me as an odd negotiating strategy . 
  the court had an issue with deporting abu qatada to a place where they would torture him and used evidence derived from torture to try him . 
  surely it 's not ok to make people face torture irrespective of who they are . 
  well , beyond that she wanted to repeal the human rights act and withdraw from the echr because they give people too many rights . 
  she also pushed things like the snoopers charter - she did n't just vote for them . 
  like i said in my original comment , it 's allowed by nato rules . 
  however it looks like a bump in defence spending , when it was predominantly just a reclassification of existing spending . 
  if we measured it the same way as we did a while back , we would be under the 2 % . 
  it 's disappointing that we have to include mod staff pensions to beef up the number . 
  we only pushed it above 2 % with a bit of accounting trickery from osborne . 
  he started counting some military pensions as defence spending to boost the number . 
  it 's perfectly in line with nato rules , but it does make you wonder about what everyone is and is n't counting . 
  did n't want to be seen forcibly ( more or less ) nationalising businesses . 
  politically , it 's suicide and even investor confidence may take a hit ( although in 2008 , there was hardly any confidence ) . 
  they stayed there long after it ended . 
  i appreciate they 're not there to stabilise the german state now , but that 's why i said they may have been more useful in iraq . 
  it 's state-owned , but they 're non-voting shares , so we do n't run it . 
  have you seen the price of rbs and lloyds today ? 
  it depends a lot on how you count the deaths . 
  some publications took all violent deaths ( including one published in the lancet ) . 
  so if a man shot his neighbour over a land dispute , it counted as a war casualty . 
  it may well be ( as a result of the general lawlessness that followed ) , but it may not . 
  trying to figure out the number of civilian deaths you can attribute to the war is virtually impossible . 
  it 's one of those things that depends on how wide a net you cast . 
  well , they did that for germany . 
  you could argue iraq needed it more . 
  well ... in his 2-million word report , written over 7 years , chilcot does n't mention a single clear unlawful act in building up the case for war . 
  in the uk the ag had said the invasion was legal , and although the legal advice was rushed and not perfect , it 's not clearly wrong . 
  i 'm not sure what a trial would achieve . 
  it was closer to secular arab fascism . 
  for example , de gaulle was a nationalist . 
  saddam was n't quite on the same page . 
   isis like assholes were hung in public places iraq used to fund terrorist groups that destabilised neighbours and damaged israel . 
  saddam , of course was n't too keen on terrorists acting domestically . 
   we gaddafi was even watching eu borders for us at what human cost ? 
  should we have let him slaughter people so have less refugees ? 
  they both belong in the same circle of hell . 
  it 's like trying to argue stalin was better than hitler . 
  maybe marginally better , maybe marginally worse , but they 're all at the extreme end of evil . 
  using the evidence at hand , we can say it was a bad idea . 
  if you want to abandon the discussion until 2036 then come back and tell us your opinion , i can live with that . 
  also , the outcome does not indicate whether the idea was good or not . 
  buying a lottery ticket is not a good investment strategy . 
  winning does not make it so in retrospect since you 're always playing losing odds . 
  had we gone into brexit well-prepared and with a clear plan , even if i did n't agree with it , i 'd concede that if it works out , you could call it a good idea . 
  but we have n't it . 
  we 're ill-prepared and are playing it by ear . 
  even if it does work out ( and that seems hugely unlikely ) , we 're taking a massive gamble with the livelihood of millions and with the future of the country -- and all to settle an internal conservative party debate .
