  of course you know this , you 're just hiding behind silly slogans because the facts on the ground work against you . 
  if people still wanted a hard brexit , they 'd have voted for may - losing her majority is a symptom of brexit losing support . 
  the eu does not require an exit bill . 
  it would like to settle the leaving bit , before it moves on to the future relationship bit . 
  settling financial matters as part of the leaving process is consistent with that line of thinking . 
  personally , i think it makes sense . 
  you ca n't work on a new deal unless you know where you 're starting from and that is only clear once progress is made on the `` leaving bit '' . 
  for example , it 's not clear if we 're going to ask to stay in euratom after all . 
  the only thing that stands out imo is the irish border , but literally no one wants to delay that and including it at this point shows how important it is for both parties . 
  spain has already accepted eu membership of a number of countries that declared independence unilaterally . 
  these would include slovenia and croatia . 
  they 're also happy to accept montenegro and bosnia . 
  the thing all these have in common is that serbia accepted their independence and recognises them as independent states . 
  on the other hand , spain will not recognise kosovo because serbia contests its independence . 
  consequently kosovo would not be able to join the eu . 
  with respect to scotland , there is absolutely no reason to think spain would not apply a consistent rule . 
  this has been stated by figures in the spanish government and the pp . 
  after all , spain does continue to recognise new states in europe and across the world without worrying about stoking catalan independence . 
  edit : spain can always veto catalonia joining the eu and accepting an application from an independent scotland would not change that . 
  it 's actually a bit of an odd situation . 
  imagine catalonia declares independence and spain says it does not recognise that catalonia is a separate country and considers it part of spain . 
  it 's not necessarily a binary situation . 
  what really matters is if spain can enforce its laws in catalonia , but until this is settled it would be pretty odd . 
  if catalonia did fall out of the eu , it would mean that spain acknowledges it does not control catalonia . 
  it would be pretty messy . 
  one of the fanciful suggested scenarios soon after the referendum was that england & wales declare independence from scotland . 
  you mean an independent scotland would be out of the eu ... just . . uh ... just like a not independent scotland ? 
  no , but there seems to be some agreement between italy and malta seeing as the former rescue ships in the latter 's zone ( both deny it , but there 's no other explanation ) . 
  this does n't cover ngos who do the rescuing independent of s&r zones and can rescue people wherever they want ( but by law can not return them to unsafe countries ) . 
   nonsense . 
  it 's not illegal to not spend lots of resources picking up people in waters outside the country 's territories . 
  that 's not correct . 
  search & rescue zones extend outside territorial waters . 
  it is n't . 
  everyone has a right of non refoulement that depends on how safe you are in your country of origin . 
  as a result , countries usually keep a list of safe countries for this purpose . 
  on top , of course , one can put forward a case that one is at risk even in a safe country and that claim would be assessed on its merit . 
  italy 's judiciary , of course . 
  presumably one out of thousands of investigating magistrates would open and investigation , or an ngo would take the matter to court . 
   it kind of looks like these ngos are already trafficking people , or does money have to be exchanged for that ? 
  they bring people to shore , but if they do n't get anything in return , they are not really in the business of trafficking . 
  they 're also handing them over to the state , and not on to criminal organisations for exploitation . 
  everything they do should be above board . 
  remember that at the end of the day , anyone can ask for asylum - if a libyan guy get off a plane at malpensa airport in milan , he can ask for asylum . 
  the airline is n't trafficking people . 
  the ngos position will be similar - they are helping people at sea and then asking the state to allow these people to disembark . 
   perhaps you 're right the best way might be to give them asylum but not let them stay . 
  that not the only thing . 
  we need to make sure that when people are refused asylum , that they can actually be deported . 
  as things stand , it 's often costly and difficult to deport someone who has been refused asylum . 
   people mention that there are millions in tyrkey and jordan but can they stay there ? 
  why should europe let them stay ? 
  it 's complicated . 
  i 'm not sure of the procedures in turkey and jordan ( i think right now more than 15 % of the population of jordan are refugees ) , but returning to a place of former conflict is difficult . 
  my understanding is that refugees are usually allowed stay on in the first country they 've sought asylum , but it generally thought that they would be keen to go back home where possible . 
  the argument is usually the opposite , in fact , that refugees should have a right to return to their home country , so that the perpetrators of violence do not profit from their actions . 
  the catch with a conflict like syria is that there is nothing left for many refugees . 
  if you had a home , family and friends in aleppo , what 's left of all that today ? 
  if the conflict winds down a few years from now , is it fair to forcibly remove people who are now settled ? 
  personally i 'm not convinced . 
  if someone 's lost everything once , what 's the point in making them lose everything again ? 
  how just is it to send them to a place where they were victims of violence ( including rape and torture ) ? 
  that last point wo n't apply to everyone , but to me it means you should n't just indiscriminately kick people out , and should at least be open to appeals on an individual basis . 
  that said , there are instances where refugees have been asked to leave - germany sent back over 250,000 bosnians . 
  as far as i am aware , resettlement schemes are usually voluntary ( although i do n't think the germany/bosnia one was ) and run with the support of the nation of origin ( as was the case in germany/bosnia ) . 
  that 's not a solution . 
  what do you do with the boat ? 
  it has to go somewhere at the end of the day . 
  it may well be an italian vessel , with italians on it - i 'm not even sure you can block them in that case . 
  what about when people on it inevitably get unwell , or when the boat runs into trouble ? 
  the overwhelming majority would not support actively harming people , particularly when some of those people may well be from the country itself . 
  blocking these boats would only delay they problem so you still need to deal with it - it would just be more politically toxic . 
  if shit really hit the fan , how do you deal with having caused the deaths of a couple of hundred people ? 
  if you think you 've found a solution that you can type in one line on reddit , you 're oversimplifying a hugely complex problem . 
  no , they 're not . 
  there has been some suspicion about a couple of groups , but i 'm not sure anything came of it . 
  unless you can demonstrate collusion , there is no wrongdoing . 
   why ca n't europe sue them ? 
  human trafficking is a crime and if anyone is found to be an accomplice to it , then they would be prosecuted . 
  italy takes mafia-related crime very seriously and they have plenty of experience in handling organised crime . 
  i have faith that if there were any collusion , italy is well-placed to find it . 
  ultimately rescuing people is not a crime and can not be considered one . 
  that leaves a question as to how you handle the rescuers , but you ca n't simply wash your hands of the whole thing . 
  the only sensible approach is to work within the present legal framework and fix inefficiencies downstream to make sure that those who are not granted asylum can not stay . 
  that will deter those without justification from making the trip . 
  now , whether that 's more turkey-style deals , processing centres in north africa , burden sharing or some mixture of all three , i could n't tell you what 's the best way forward . 
  no option is 100 % great , but this is a regional ( europe/middle east/africa ) problem and it can only be solved with an outward-looking perspective . 
  this is n't the us , with two land borders to stable decent countries and two oceans ; trying to close ourselves off can not work and in fact only fuels the problem . 
  not an expert but i would say if you profit directly from it , you 're trafficking . 
  so if you accept a fee for the passage you 're trafficking people . 
  if you do it for free so they do n't drown then you 're not really trafficking . 
  so you want a naval blockade of libya ? 
  the catch is that you can only call it illegal if asylum has been denied . 
  so someone who reaches sicilly is n't known to be a legal or illegal immigrant until their claim for asylum is assessed ( or unless they do n't intend to file one ) . 
  yeah , a lot of people talk like experts in the field have n't considered obvious cases and many are simply misinformed about how the system works . 
  it 's true there are shortcomings but they 're not usually in places people think . 
  for example deportations are slow and costly once asylum is not granted , but the solutions are to facilitate deportation , not to kill everyone . 
  these things can be solved in the current legal framework , but it involves time and lots of agreements with difficult characters ( like erdo\u011fan ) . 
  also illegal ( and horribly immoral ) . 
  there is an ( edit : legal ) obligation to save people in the search and rescue zones .
