  the leak is n't related to the internal politics of a small island . 
  it 's about getting the uk to adopt a sensible negotiating position . 
  do you think juncker cares about who 's in the uk parliament ? 
  i do n't know . 
  macron certainly talked a good game and he was by far the best choice of all the candidates in the * premier tour * . 
  if he can deliver on his promises , france will be better for it . 
  he managed to keep a safe distance from him . 
  remember that he resigned because he had a different outlook . 
  it 's utterly pathetic that we could n't conduct the negotiations in french , but that the french can manage to work in english . 
  she did n't present it as an opinion though did she ? 
  the problem was presenting a non-binary option as a binary one . 
  what if remain had won by an even smaller margin ? 
  would that have been a mandate to join schengen and the euro ? 
  in order to bring the country together , may 's job is to seek a settlement that represents the feeling of the country . 
  it 's impossible to deny that a large chunk of the country want to be in the eu - after all , only about 1/3 voted to leave . 
  a sensible approach would have been to satisfy to mandate , but respect the wishes of the minority . 
  that 's what western liberal democracies are all about . 
  it 's only authoritarian leaders in middle easten illiberal democracies that take a wafer-thin majority as approval to do whatever they want . 
  i do n't even know how to go about finding a similar number for the uk :( 600,000 does seem quite high though . 
  the eu does n't give a shit who leads the country and the size of their majority . 
  they will handle the exit negotiations in much he same way ; i.e. 
  with very little room for negotiation because we have no leverage . 
  suggesting this leak interferes with the election is parochial at best . 
  who 's it supposed to benefit anyway ? 
  surely no sane person thinks that releasing a german article in a german print newspaper would collapse the tory vote and lead to corbyn being elected ? 
  also why would the eu prefer corbyn ? 
  is she suggesting this leak aims to give the libdems a 30 point boost in the polls ? 
  may 's lost it . 
  how anyone thinks she 's fit to govern anything more than a parish council is beyond be . 
  he obviously did - otherwise the ballots would have been stamped . 
  that 's exactly why you stamp these things after all . 
  the $ 100bn comes from the ft 's calculation , not the eu . 
  what 's happened to everyone these past few days ? 
  may 's turned into a foaming-at-the-mouth bargain-bin erdogan , the only journalist who can read german is apparently jonathan cliffe and everyone else , it seems , ca n't read . 
  the eu is n't silly . 
  it 's probably wo n't give us a fixed exit bill . 
  it will tell us what we should pay for , and let us calculate the details . 
  that we figure out way gives everyone flexibility and if we agree to the the method and give the number we ca n't complain about it , can we ? 
  regarding hostility - the leak simply is n't a hostile act . 
  the eu is alarmed because may is unprepared . 
  even if it embarrasses may , it is an act of kindness if it gives her a more realistic approach . 
  for example , apparently she thinks citizens ' rights can be dealt with in a single sitting , but does n't agree with the eu proposal of maintaining them . 
  remember that she always said this was her position . 
  now , reconciling these differences and then working out the details is never going to be a day 's work . 
  being this blas\u00e9 about the rights of your own citizens ( the ones living in the eu ) is crazy . 
  good to know we pay 801 people for practically nothing . 
   we have a very large number of mps , 577 in the national assembly and 348 in the senate . 
  amateurs . 
  we have 650 mps in our lower house and 801 peers in the upper house . 
  of course , we 're trying to cut down the number of mps ... to 600 . 
  the eus position has been clear since before the referendum . 
  it evolved a little since then , mostly because they 've added some detail . 
  we voted knowing what the eu would demand , but some muppets liked to think they were bluffing . 
  i do n't know how it 's unreasonable for them to push for the same things the said they would a year ago !, 
  in principle i think we should stick to the commitments we 've made . 
  the amount does n't really affect my opinion on the principle . 
  plus if we do n't reach an agreement on this stuff with the eu , we do n't get a trade deal . 
  there will be only a few months notice of this , meaning we ca n't even get customs up and running by then . 
  as juncker says , there a  50 % chance talks will collapse . 
  we 're the happy go lucky side who go in unprepared , hoping for the best . 
  are you sure you live here ? 
  or are things actually this different south of the border ? 
  nevertheless , i 'd rather see him in charge than either corbyn or may . 
  they make him look like a class act . 
  i do n't know why anyone would . 
  [ cameron 's tweet has excellent comedic value these days ] ( https://twitter.com/david_cameron/status/595112367358406656 ) . 
  i mean , how was ed miliband supposed to out do * this * ? 
  i hope it does . 
  independence does have a nice ring to it , 
  between him and may , they 've both screwed the entire country . 
   since the fn and ukip have been singled out : france and britain are some of the largest net contributors to the eu budget . 
   the eu apparatus may loathe these parties and their voters , but it happily takes their taxes to finance itself . 
  there can be no taxation without representation in a democracy . 
  that 's a logical fallacy . 
  france ! = fn and uk ! = ukip . 
  being a net contributor should never give you special privileges in your representation . 
  the fn are being singled out because they 're topical , just like ukip were a while back , and just like orban is now . 
  the eu does not not oppose the fn , or ukip , and does not complain about paying them . 
  mlp and farage have both defrauded the ep . 
  that 's different . 
  if they had any backbone , they would n't participate in something they do n't believe in . 
  there is a certain irony to their actions , that should n't go ignored . 
  in the uk , sinn fein mps do n't acknowledge the authority of westminster , so do n't take up their seats . 
  the uk government refuses to pay them because of this . 
  so for example , while i agree with sinn fein 's logic , i think that the uk government should n't discriminate against them . 
   if you mean that in the sense of the cosmopolitan elite who want to feel good about themselves despite voting for neoliberal policies that enrich themselves , then yes . 
  that 's usually a criticism of the tories here . 
  the m5s need to entertain a coalition if they want to govern . 
  their best bet would be the far right salvini . 
  unfortunately for the m5s they have extremes from both the left and the right ( they disown the dichotomy as they are a party against parties and for direct democracy ) . 
  their left wing may not enjoy being tied to a far right nutjob . 
  that said the m5s has n't , to my knowledge , expressed a desire to form a coalition . 
  their stated aim is to govern when they get  50 % of the vote . 
  they wo n't manage that . 
  we have one of the largest budget deficits in europe and missed last months borrowing estimate by # 2b . 
  in addition are unlikely to balance the budget before 2020 . 
  forgive me if i 'm not excited . 
  but if we ca n't aid tax evasion and money laundering , how is the country supposed to earn a living ? 
  7 years of austerity and we 're still running one of the biggest deficits in europe . 
  thanks , osborne .
