  overcame a problem with alcohol to eventually became a hugely influential politician . 
  as president of the european parliament he 's done a lot to strengthen it and give it a voice . 
  years ago , i wa n't too keen on him but after learning more about him and watching him work with the ep , he 's definitely earned my respect . 
   abstaining was just one of three options suggested by their labour party . 
  they also told supporters they could spoil their ballots or vote no . 
  the plan was to legitimise the referendum . 
  instead it kept them in the opposition benches for 10 years . 
  the party leader ( current mep alfred sant ) , in fact spoiled his ballot and recommended others do the same . 
  the option came about when it was obvious no one was listening to him . 
  the poor guy was a little like corbyn , his voters would n't listen to him . 
   and i completely disagree that most would turn out to vote regardless . 
  the tactic is dangerous , because the snp can take every liberty to interpret the result as they want ( again , when malta was part of the empire , look at the integration referendum - boycotted by one party , but the labour government ignored the boycott and entered into negotiations for integration ) . 
  the lack of defined referendum rules means that you can get away with any convincing interpretation ( just look at may 's farcical interpretation of the brexit result !, 
  it 's generally convincing , so we roll with it . ), 
   kosovo is n't even a member of the united nations . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're proudly using them as an example ? 
  they 're one of the poorest countries in europe . 
  when half the world does n't recognise your existence it does n't exactly help you prosper . 
  kosovo has always been poor , it 's not like they were rich and became poor . 
  so that 's an extremely strange argument . 
  what is interesting is seeing the legal interpretations of a udi . 
  if the icj accepted scotland 's as an application of the principle of self-determination , would england pull a serbia ? 
  in any case , recognition would be needed to join the eu , but is n't needed to trade . 
  and we 're getting dragged out any way , but at least we can rejoin anyway . 
   i 'm sorry but the half of scotland that does not want independence would simply not accept any of these tactics . 
  the half on england that voted remain put up with may 's bullshit . 
  going super-hard brexit on a wafer-thin majority of a poor turnout ? 
  england has lost all moral high ground here , and you can expect the snp to capitalise on it . 
   if the snp even tried a udi it would destroy scotland . 
  you think the rest of the world would just allow an unrecognised and illegal country into international organisations and the like ? 
  we 've largely done that with kosovo , and the udi ( albeit without prejudice for other similar situation ) was judged legal by icj . 
  even we recognise kosovo 's udi , despite the fact that serbia does n't . 
  after acrimonious negotiations with the eu , you would likely find that many would recognise it - only 5 do n't recognise kosovo after all . 
  also , countries and companies will make deals and sign contracts with governments that are n't recognised . 
  hell , even the president of the us can have a dialog with government of taiwan ( along with sell it weapons ) , when the us itself does n't recognise it as a separate country . 
   why would 2/3 of ` no ' voters turn up to vote in what would essentially be an snp opinion poll ? 
  confusion . 
  we do n't tend to boycott referenda here , so many will turn out to vote anyway . 
  in the eu referendum in malta , for example , the labour party ( one of the 2 main parties ) did n't want to join the eu and called on people to boycott the referendum . 
  the turnout was over 90 % . 
  why would they vote ? 
  they always do . 
  the snp could make it clear they would accept any outcome regardless of turnout . 
  there was no quorum for brexit , why should england stipulate one for scottish independence ? 
  edit : in any case the outcome is easy . 
  if `` yes '' wins with a low turnout , go for a snap election to confirm the mandate for independence . 
  polling now has the snp in a strong position there irrespective of independence . 
  except if the turnout is ok , then you can argue there was n't a boycott . 
  if you assume there has been no shift in public opinion , but 1/3 of no voters do n't turn up to vote , turnout would be 70 % and the outcome would be 55 % - 45 % for yes . 
  now , apparently 70 % would be respectable , so the yes would stand . 
  that is a dangerous game because you 're likely to split the ` no ' vote between people who will vote anyway and those who stayed home . 
  the idiotic thing about the brexit referendum means that we can accept even a paltry turnout as valid , so the split is likely to matter . 
  the unionists would be hoist by their own petard . 
  she can just call an independence referendum . 
  she denies that approval from london is needed and can , in fact , organise a poll . 
  london would have the awkward choice of joining in campaigning for the union and thereby legitimise the outcome and not campaigning and losing , with a decent turnout . 
  remember that brexit has certainly lowered the bar of what 's necessary for a win . 
  and turnout better than a measly 77 % would be difficult to delegitimise . 
  either way , if the independence side wins , it would be difficult to deny independence to scotland and in extremis , a udi could follow . 
  what then ? 
  would england invade ? 
  do n't ask me . 
  ask boris johnson and his lying blond mop . 
  yes , but part of the government ( e.g. 
  gove and johnson ) campaigned to give money to the nhs and have since said the government should pledge more money to it . 
  in addition , the government has a very narrow majority ( 9 seats , i think ) . 
  it would be fucking vile for gove and johnson to vote down the amendment to enact their proposal and it would be tantamount to an admission they were out to defraud people . 
  that said , they are both spineless and vile , so it would be nice to demonstrate that on an international stage . 
  i think you 'll find that in a democracy , government can not ride roughshod over the people 's representatives . 
  it 's amazing how many brexiters do n't get this simple point . 
  the key point is n't to block brexit , it is to tag on amendments to make sure may ca n't just go for a brexit super-max . 
  personally , i think they should add an amendment saying an extra # 350m/week must be given to the nhs . 
  my understanding is that the pd is a couple of percentage points ahead of the m5s when all parties are considered , but would only just win a run-off against the pd . 
  of course the electoral law will be changed again before the next election , so there likely wo n't be a run-off . 
  you 're technically correct , nevertheless our head of state is the head of a religion . 
  i 'm not sure i there are any other examples of that in the western world ( except for the vatican , of course ) . 
  to be fair , the weather disrupted travel too . 
  18 months before the last referendum , polls put support for independence at 32 % . 
  in the referendum they scored 45 % . 
  that 's a swing of 13 % . 
  today , support for independence has n't abated and that 's with no campaigning . 
  the polls do ** not ** `` strongly suggest otherwise '' . 
  they show a higher baseline level of support than there has ever been . 
  presumably then that does n't include congress approval ( they ca n't change it ) . 
  that tags on another 90 days that were included in my timeline . 
  what do you make of hammond comments about slashing european-style taxation ? 
  which public services will be cut with that?will he take a knife to the nhs ? 
  i do n't see that kind of fundamental shift going down well up here . 
  so we do n't get to negotiate and take whatever the us gives us ? 
  and you think that 's a desirable situation ? 
  also congress does n't draw up a he agreement , that comes from the white house . 
  the # is dropping against other the euro and the usd . 
  relative to the usd the euro is down by a lot less than the # . 
  he needs to notify congress months before he is going to start negotiations with the uk - that can only happen after brexit . 
  plus any agreement needs to be tabled in cogress 3 months before ratification . 
  realistically even a very fast deal could n't be concluded before 2020 . 
  surely you mean aberdeen . 
  am i missing something ? 
  well , i was writing as a person who speaks 5 , even though , i 'll admit my german is rusty . 
  i was paraphrasing someone quoting the census that 's in russian .
