you should see the quadrennial fracas over making a team gb football team that no one wants . 
  the pin is usually the one you use at an atm . 
  here , it 's sent out to you , so do n't usually get to set it , although you can change it if you want . 
  i was quite surprised to hear they 're not a thing in the us . 
  i found out on a `` the talk show '' podcast episode when they were discussing them being rolled out . 
  i think it was back in march . 
  i 've never actually tried , but i do n't think so . 
  a quick google search seems to confirm this . 
  is this a station in london ? 
  if so i 'd recommend getting in touch with company ( or transport for london ( tfl ) ? ), 
  and see if you 'll be able to get them printed at the station . 
  i had a problem with tickets in liverpool once ( no machines at the station ) and for some reason the guy at the station could n't print them out . 
  i had to go to another station , but used the machines there . 
  if you have time , it may be worth seeing if a bank can supply you with a chip & amp ; pin card . 
  you can manage without it , but it 's much easier if you have one . 
  i misread your initial comment and missed the double negative . 
  i thought you might send servants to do your shopping !, 
  i 've used it in the uk , italy , germany and the netherlands . 
  you can always use the magnetic strip at shops and restaurants , but here in the uk you 'll find some people wo n't know how to use it . 
  gruber ( daring fireball ) has a funny story about this . 
  most machines ( parking , tickets , etc ) will only do chip & pin, 
  make sure you understand chip & pin - you 'll need it and most americans do n't seem to know it exists . 
  that would be a dangerous escalation to say the least . 
  what would they hope to achieve ? 
  first of all , the west already crushed the soviet union without starting a nuclear war . 
  that should give you an idea of what 's achievable . 
  unless russia itself was invaded , a full nuclear response would be off the table . 
  i 'd go as far as to say that unless russia 's existence was threatened militarily , they would n't blow up the world ( with themselves too ) . 
  in that light , even supporting a ukrainian invasion of crimea would n't elicit a nuclear response . 
  having said that , no one 's suggesting invading anybody . 
  supporting ukraine ( in cold war ` proxy ' fashion ) and issuing heavy sanctions against russia heavily should be enough . 
  if not , since russia insists that there are no russian soldiers in ukraine , perhaps nato could support the ukrainian army in clearing out these pesky `` definitely-not-russian '' rebels . 
  russia 's responses would be limited because it 's territorial integrity is never breached . 
  we also let putin no that similar shit wo n't be tolerated should russia try and destabilise other countries ( like estonia ) . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i should try and avoid posting within 15 minutes of waking up : /, 
  ~ ~ the estimate for the eu is clearly a little out date . 
  it 's less than german + uk exports ~ ~ ignore me, 
  what ? 
  that sentence does n't make sense , sorry . 
  nato controls the bosphorus , so if push comes to shove life would always be difficult for the russian navy . 
  i do n't know , many would consider annexation of territory to be a casus belli . 
  for example , if argentina dared ( and somehow succeeded ) to annex the falklands again , i would certainly support taking them back by any means necessary . 
  as for the eu , cyprus is still partly occupied by turkey , surely that 's not satisfactory ? 
  despite that , we 're mostly at peace now , but my point is that war can always happen . 
  look at ukraine - both parts of the country a very intertwined economically , but they 've pretty much gone to war over a stupid reason . 
  despite that , part of the eu is occupied by an outside country , russia annexed crimea and there is war in eastern ukraine . 
  russia 's economy pretty much depends on the eu and they 're still behaving menacingly . 
  we always need to be vigilant - that 's how we keep peace . 
  in 1914 , many thought europe was already far too intertwined to go to war . 
  that 's why it 's always important to remain vigilant and stop idiots whenever and wherever they appear . 
  fair point , nevertheless , i would be surprised if people did n't notice a significant shift in policy . 
  also , the internet means information is out there if you want it . 
  internet censorship in turkey is bad , but still still usable and if people find it 's not , the solution should be obvious . 
  since turkey is still a democracy , i thought the majority were the problem . 
   turkey at least aspires to be ` european ' . 
  have you seen that erdogan guy ? 
  he 's closer to a nut job middle-eastern dictator than a european prime minister . 
  that means she 'll get her way , have someone else chosen and not get any if the blame . 
  i do n't know , it 's just that money it often a good lubricant in these dodgy situations . 
  remember that google put a lot on the line . 
  i , for one , use google less and keep my eye out for good alternatives a lot more . 
  you could challenge the demand in court , or not comply on grounds that 's it 's probably illegal and _ then _ fight it out in court . 
  the federal government ca n't act illegally and the nsa 's actions , even if legal , we definitely questionable . 
  it would n't be a government project - but you could help it along by giving various subsidies and sponsoring research it needs . 
  nice of them to help out the nsa out of the kindness of their heart and definitely getting nothing back in return . 
  the article says berlusconi has links with the mafia because dell ` utri is confirmed guilty . 
  there is n't any `` actual '' confirmation of berlusconi 's involvement , although it with dell ` utri found guilty , it extremely likely berlusconi was involved too . 
  that guy 's even shadier than andreotti . 
  really ? 
  dell ` utri has been on all the italian news for weeks - ever since his surprise trip to lebanon to seek medical treatment . 
  la repubblica 's editor has had an easy time with headlines recently . 
  all the article says is that if dell ` utri is guilty , berlusconi must be too . 
  we 've known that since the mangano affair . 
  in fact , it feels like italy 's done a full circle and we 're back to the nineties ( thankfully , no further back ) . 
  perhaps that would make sure people like the ex-commissioner dalli actually get prosecuted . 
  actually , when large italian corporations work in the south of italy and sicily , they 'll pay specific contractors who ( as luck would have it ) are more able to get things done without incident . 
  i ca n't remember exactly where i read it - i think it was [ gomorra ( by saviano ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gomorrah_ ( book \\ ) ) . 
  very true , perhaps the most famous case is the [ tragic sinking of f174 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinking_of_f174 ) in 1996 . 
  as far as i know turab ahmed sheik still lives in malta never having been prosecuted locally , or extradited to italy , where he has . 
  i 'd love to hear otherwise . 
  obama : `` i know angela , i heard your conversation with putin myself . '', 
  as much as i 'd love to agree , even 100 years ago , we thought the europe 's economy was too intertwined to make war worthwhile . 
  obviously we all thought `` bugger that '' and went to war anyway . 
  a few russian companies losing worth ( they would include western holdings in russia ) may not deter putin . 
  the economist referenced this book today in an article about crimea : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_great_illusion, 
  a 10 % drop that quickly still looks quite spectacular . 
  russia has no divine right to a sphere of influence . 
  you win that influence by earning the respect of your neighbouring countries . 
  the eu provides a model that wins that respect . 
  neighbouring countries even aspire to join in hope of improving their democracies - that 's despite the current economic mess we 're all in . 
  if russia has seen it 's sphere of influence wane , it has no one to blame but itself . 
   thinking it 's just `` rugby with padding '' do n't worry , i 'm quite happy that it is ** very ** different from rugby . 
  do n't you think it 's quite telling that the event is famous for the adverts ? 
  i mean , the champions league final is famous for football - not adverts , 
  wait until they start spreading rabies . 
  there 's a couple of problems . 
  first of all , people will pay henley & partners ( a jersey-based company ) , which will perform due diligence and then accept a fee for each application it approves . 
  the money will then be transferred to the malta . 
  this creates a clear conflict of interest in that henley & partners have a strong financial motivation to approve passports .
