  hsbc said they would move 1000 investment banking jobs to paris . 
  remember all that fuss about where their head office is ? 
  there were 250 jobs linked to that . 
  it deal that has been quite a while in the making . 
  what did you think the maidan protests in kiev were about ? 
  it deal that has been quite a while in the making . 
  what did you think the maidan protests in kiev were about ? 
  we tried in iraq and afghanistan but that was unpopular at home . 
   you mentioned they share intelligence to catch criminals and terrorists in the eu but recent articles said we do n't actually do this . 
  information sharing may not be the best it can , but europol is helpful , as is the european arrest warrant system . 
  so yeah , we do do this . 
  i 'm not sure where you 're coming from at all on this . 
  in any case , the way to fix it is to work more closely with our neighbours rather than less . 
   you mentioned emergency medical care but fail to mention that the nhs is struggling to pay for all the newcomers to the uk from the eu who are eligible for more than emergency care from us . 
  eu migrants that work in the uk pay taxes and help fund the nhs . 
  the balance is difficult to quantify , so you ca n't have any robust evidence because it does n't exist . 
  all in all the effect is probably minimal ( only slightly positive or negative ) . 
  for comparison non-eu migration is usually shown to be more costly . 
  the real reason services are under strain is that they 're underfunded compared to france and other similar countries on our healthcare system . 
  we tax less , spend less , and so our services are more stretched . 
   you also never mention the quarter of a million net migrants who arrive from the eu every year . 
  every 5 years we gain an eu migrant population the size of our second biggest city . 
  this is disingenuous and i suspect you know this . 
  birmingham city itself has a population of 1.1 million , but by this metric , it is the largest city in the uk , because [ at that level ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_localities_in_england_by_population ) ( localities ) you would break up london . 
  you give the impression you would grow a city the size of birmingham , but people think of the population and the physical size of birmingham is being that of it 's conurbation ( 2.4 m ) or of it 's metropolitan area ( 3.7 m ) . 
  you could compare it to glasgow ( urban area 1.2 m ) , but that sounds a little less impressive . 
  in any case , the argument of numbers is purely emotive . 
  just because some one is n't british does n't make them unfit to live here . 
  if they work and contribute to society it should n't matter and they would be a damn sight better than many . 
   also omitted is how much funding we give the eu . 
  in 2014 , we gave the eu $ 109 per capita as net expenditure ( our net expenditure was around $ 7b ) . 
  that places us 8th out if 28 . 
  it does n't strike me as unreasonable given we are one of the biggest and richest countries . 
  i worked that one out myself , but [ this bbc graph from 2007 ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8036097.stm#start ) paints a similar picture . 
   edit : last two points are sort of covered in your leave video . 
  the fact that a maltese vote is worth the same as 14 british votes pisses me off . 
  the point is to provide smaller countries some protection . 
  the us has the senate , where rhode island gets as many votes as california . 
  we do things a bit differently , but the idea is the same . 
  in any case , uk constituencies also vary in size quite wildly ( isle of wight has 108,000 people , and na h-eileanan an iar has 21,769 ) , so representation varies a little here too . 
  worse still , only votes in marginal seats really matter , so my vote here is worth fuck all in comparison . 
  berlusconi 's advantage is that he always had stronger majorities and his coalitions were more united . 
  renzi has a wafer thin majority . 
  on top of that , the left wing of his party keeps rebelling and is unhappy , and he relies on the ncd , who should be his natural opposition . 
  it would be nearly impossible to push through much meaningful economic reform . 
  the jobs act seems like a good start , but that seemed difficult enough and more is needed . 
  by some miracle he seems to have got his electoral reform through , which should help . 
  losing one house should speed up lawmaking considerably , and with the strong majority that should come with the system , i 'd expect the next government will actually be able to tackle difficult issues . 
  actually the late 80s was when italy 's gdp surpassed the uk 's . 
  the real slowdown happened later partly with the lira crisis and as a result of incompetence at the heart of the second republic . 
  another part of it is not berlusconi 's fault though . 
  italy 's demographics are unfavourable with less people completing tertiary education than other similar countries . 
  so as the emphasis moved to services , italy was ill equipped to keep up . 
  that 's what happens when your government mostly focuses on keeping the pm out of jail instead of running a country . 
  he must be a stopped 24h clock then . 
  a union of separate american states ? 
  that sounds familiar . 
  well , if you want an example of a country with many languages try italy . 
  neapolitan , venetian and lombard are all pretty different from each other and from italian . 
  they 're not just dialects . 
  according to bill bryson , until rai was launched in the 1970s , less than 50 % of households spoke italian at home . 
  some of those languages still have millions of speakers . 
  switzerland has 4 main languages . 
  india would be another example . 
  it has 22 languages in addition to hindi and english . 
  yes but relative ratios like that do n't come into it . 
  the sample size dictates the margin of error . 
  a 3 % discrepancy from other polls is usually margin-of-error stuff . 
  therefore you could very easily say there is no significant discrepancy . 
  you also need to compare it to their previous polls to see if it 's an outlier from their previous data ( as long as the methodology is the same ) . 
  an example in the uk would be lord ashcroft 's polling . 
  he ( was ? ), 
  a conservative party peer and his polling was among the most conservative leaning . 
  it turns out , if anything he was marginally more accurate than most , but still grossly underestimated conservative support relative to the labour party . 
  it exists because renzi 's opponents in the pd are outnumbered by the support he receives from the centre right ( ncd ) , that split from berlusconi 's party . 
  the fact that it 's been there for a while and that renzi talks a good game does n't take away from the fact that the situation is precarious . 
  the new electoral and senate reforms should help form a strong government . 
  the ecb is a technocratic institution , not a political one . 
  of course , monetary policy is something that impacts everyone , but the decisions should be apolitical . 
  the only reason the ecb finds politics thrust upon it is the ineptitude of our current political class . 
  if you look at the bank of england , it 's an independent institution where osborne basically gives political cover . 
  there is dialogue between the chancellor and the governor and the chancellor and pm take the political decisions . 
  for the sake of the argument , this could be bailing out banks , or even constituent nations ( do n't think that 's happened , at least not recently ) . 
  you ca n't really accuse the governor of making big political decisions , because they 're taken by politicians . 
  this political direction-setting is basically absent in the eu . 
  the thing is the economic pressures are real and do build up . 
  at the end of the day , without political direction , the ecb must act and can only do so within a limited mandate ( more limited than the boe ) . 
  even the idea of a qe programme ended up in court . 
  for example , the ecb * could * forgive greek debt , but can only do so legally if politicians let it . 
  of course when the greek debt crises came to a head , our politicians kicked the can down the road . 
  and then did it again . 
  and again . 
  ultimately the ecb was pretty much bound by its treaties to limit lending to greek banks when things turned sour . 
  it could only do otherwise if it was told to , but politicians choose instead to hide behind it . 
  the reason for the discrepancy is almost certainly that it 's easier to accept a deal than to prosecute apple . 
  at the end of the day , the prosecution would be expensive , drawn out ( particularly in italy ) and a gamble where they may not win . 
  i 'm not sure what the statute of limitations is like for tax evasion , but often in italy this is not paused while proceeding are ongoing . 
  this means that by the time the court of cassation rules , the crime may have passed beyond the statute of limitations . 
  this makes prosecution difficult ( although quite different , see the court case against andreotti as an example ) . 
  my understanding is that italian corporate tax law is confusing when it comes to irap , which is a regional tax on value added rather than corporate profits ( that 's ires ) .
