  you could argue he economy would suffer , but in case of brexit we 're fucked either way . 
  i suspect you are confusing germany 's policy for dealing with asylum seekers with the eu 's policy . 
  the eu needs unanimity to have a policy on foreign affairs . 
  until there was a unanimous consensus , the only policy was to follow the rule of law . 
  germany stretched this and pissed off its neighbours . 
  then it became evident dublin ii was not working . 
  countries got together and a plan for the balkan route was drawn up . 
  now a plan for north african routes is being worked on . 
  actual immigration policy is not set by the eu either ( apart from perhaps the blue card idea ) . 
  granting of residence permits and citizenship is very much a national competence . 
  it 's likely that the people bringing up do n't know much about olaf and the role of things like the court of auditors . 
  they 're things that have been formed precisely because of concerns about irregularities . 
  olaf ( headed by an italian seasoned anti-mafia prosecuting magistrate ) caught the corrupt health commissioner john dalli , so they are definitely doing stuff . 
  that most definitely sets them apart from fifa . 
  we know the eu tackles corruption and minimises as much as it can in smaller economies . 
  so your allegations of rampant corruption really do stick out . 
  i wondered if i 'd missed something . 
   do pro eu people see the escalation path we are in in europe or why this strong denial to what is happening in reality in europe ; especially west europe . 
  i 'm not sure what escalation you 're on about . 
  if you mean further integration and opposition to that : frankly i see paranoia from the leave side . 
  no one is going to be drawn into a united states of europe against their will . 
  it 's not how he eu works and is a fundamental misunderstanding of european politics . 
  many countries require referenda for treaty changes so there has to be widespread support for further integration . 
  if people in he future want to vote for such changes that 's their democratic right and it 's up to them . 
  we ca n't be integrated into a single country against our will . 
  interestingly , we can halt a united states of europe from within the eu but not from the outside !, 
   - do they really think euro currency works long term ? 
  yes . 
  the only real issues are : - flexibility of the labour market but that will improve over time . 
  - transfers of money within the eurozone . 
  they happen , but we need more . 
  problems with governance are being dealt with . 
  it remains a very popular currency , even in greece and cyprus . 
  the dollar works for new york and california as it does for texas , rhode island and kansas . 
  they all have different economies and the dollar works . 
  hell , sunderland has a different economy from london and a strong pound hurts manufacturing there . 
  the pound still works though . 
   do they really think the mass immigration by people of africa and arabic country will end well ? 
  that has nothing to do with the eu or our membership with the eu . 
  asylum seekers will come and we are legally obliged to deal with them . 
  if they have a legitimate reason , again we must accept them . 
  the only way the eu comes into it is that it allows us to coordinate a response across the continent to deal with the issue rapidly - as was done with turkey to close the route . 
   do they really think citizens will accept it in the long term to be governt by `` fifa-like '' crooks i do n't accept that assessment and wo n't dignify it with an answer . 
  suffice to say i trust junker a damn sight more boris ( who got fired from the times for making up quotes ) or gove . 
   do they really think nothing will rise from long term high youth unemployment rates in some member states ? 
  obviously high youth unemployment is undesirable but i 'm really not sure what you expect to happen . 
  some countries , like italy have always had a huge disparity in unemployment between regions in the north ( like the veneto ) and the south ( like calabria ) and islands ( like sardinia and sicily ) . 
  the country is , and has always been stable for its 150 year history . 
  moreover it 's been pretty successful considering it was different countries just 150 years ago . 
  france historically tends to run a high level of unemployment overall . 
  similarly the eu has disparities in unemployment and a less flexible labour market than it should ( also like italy ) . 
  that gives you pockets of high unemployment . 
  if people move they find work . 
  these rates overall are always in a state of flux , as the ez economy improves , they 'll come down . 
  the last gdp growth rates for the ez were better than the uk , for example . 
   they have brought us citizens in this situation by their miserable governance and backdoor politics . 
  we 've had a massive recession a few years back and the ez has struggled to get back on track because of a weak banking setup . 
  even today , the country struggling most is italy mostly because of an ongoing credit crunch caused by an overhand of non performing loans . 
  eu law stops the government buying the debt because it 's state aid . 
  the governance was poor , but the solution is more eurozone integration , not less . 
  the banking union was overdue and there needs to be some level of fiscal union . 
  what truth is there in that ? 
  have you found evidence of corruption that olaf and court of auditors ( who hold commissioners to account ) have missed ? 
  unfortunately we 're stuck with boris . 
  it 's that what uncertainty means ? 
  we do n't know if all , some or none at all will be deported . 
  if we knew , there would n't be so much uncertainty !, 
  of course all seems unlikely given that at least some have been in the country for years and years . 
  the debt is primarily institutional now , and not in private hands . 
  private banks already took a 33 % ( i believe ) haircut a while back when they sold . 
  that 's a creative take on the argentine crisis . 
  the argentine bonds had no collective action clauses and as such , any bond holder that did n't agree to a haircut was not obliged to take it . 
  the us ruling was based on that . 
  today , collective action clauses are fairly standard so if you reach a deal with 85 % of bond holders that other 15 % must accept the same terms . 
  the debt was sold in us bond markets precisely because the rule of law in that jurisdiction gives buyers the assurance their rights will be respected and therefore gives them confidence in the product they are buying . 
  after agreeing to those rules , argentina did not want to follow them ( mostly for domestic political reasons it must be said ) . 
  that explains why cultured code 's things 3 is taking so long !, 
  do n't tell cameron that , he 'll be upset . 
  here taxis charge different rates depending on the time of day , day of the week and whether or not it 's a public holiday . 
  the limitation is artificial and often there are far to few taxis . 
  if you look at cities like washington dc or dublin where there is no cap , there are far more cabs than other places . 
  this makes taxi travel more convenient and improves safety ( if it 's easier to get transport , you 're less likely to drink and drive , for example ) . 
  since they 're transporting people they should also be of good repute ( no recent criminal convictions etc ) . 
  that would mean a separate license/authorisation to operate as a taxi . 
  unfortunately cabs without card readers all too common around here and the ones i 've used did n't take contactless payments :(, 
   the right solution imo would be the create a universal licensing system for taxis to date , taxi drivers have resisted this , because it limits supply . 
  in fact , they do n't argue that they are overburdened , they argue that uber is working a loophole . 
   free market implies equal opportunity and regulation . 
  agreed . 
  it 's taxi drivers that have created this situation though and they need to accept that their privileged position does n't need to exit today . 
  it depends on how you calculate the cost of a ride . 
  that cost includes the money given to the driver , the office rent , salaries of actually employees , marketing , r&d , development and maintenance of tech infrastructure and so on . 
  while they 're expanding , set up costs in each place are high but costs improve once uber are established . 
  predatory pricing is illegal . 
  with uber in the spotlight , it would be surprising if no one 's noticed it . 
  they 're expanding rapidly across the globe and as a result they 're investing money in this . 
  the spotlight is on uber . 
  if this was predatory pricing , i 'm sure they 'd be under investigation for it . 
  it 's not fair to compare this to a taxi service that operates locally and has n't changed the way it does business in 30 years . 
  that 's up to the government to sort out .
