  i 'm not going to go the taxes of every company i buy goods or services from . 
  on a side note , in the uk the tax structure favours this gig economy . 
  the government is clearly pushing it , and does so to keep unemployment numbers down . 
  uber and others pay less tax with this model , but that is designed in our tax code . 
  we can change it but we do n't . 
  there problem is that taxi fares are kept unreasonable high by limiting the number of licences given out . 
  this creates a cartel that effectively gouges consumers . 
  that is just as scammy . 
  uber are private hire vehicles here rather than taxis , so they change that dynamic . 
  in addition : 1 . 
  the rating system also means i have more a far more positive experiences than i do with regular cabs . 
  they also generally get to me a lot faster than other companies . 
  i do n't have to carry any cash around , so it 's a lot more convenient . 
  almost all my usual taxi trips went via an atm . 
  also , here almost everywhere takes apple pay , so i usually do n't even carry my wallet about . 
  also the cabbie does n't carry cash , so it 's safer for them , and they always get paid . 
   the sovereign debt crisis did n't naturally arise because of the banking crisis , it happened because eurozone governments decided to try and save their banking sector by assuming their debts , which in turn caused the sovereign debt crisis generally true , but not in all cases . 
  italy did not bail out ( or need to bail out ) any banks until now . 
   the difference between greece and netherland is far greater than between mississippi and ney york . 
  if you mean fiscally , then you should probably compare puerto rico to ny . 
  otherwise , if you mean culturally and economically i 'm not convinced . 
  remember that lynching was a thing in mississippi until the 1960s , for example . 
  on top of that , there 's a huge difference in their economies ( mississippi is more agricultural and gambling orientated than ny ) , politics , and attitudes towards race and religion . 
  mississippi 's flag even has a fucking confederate flag in it !, 
  imagine if an eu country stuck a little nazi flag in the canton of theirs !, 
  differences in history and language can hide a lot of similarity between eu states , but actually we 're not that different . 
  there are huge differences between the economies of us states ( e.g. 
  alaska , hawaii , new york ) , but leaving the dollar would be idiotic - even for puerto rico ( again very different ) . 
  the key is more fiscal union . 
  macron has the right idea . 
  i had 2 die on me , but i tend to order them at half the price on ebay from china . 
  the recently converted the lighting in sistine chapel to leds . 
  if they 're good enough to light up michelangelo 's masterpiece , they 're good enough for my living room, 
  how about we consign incandescent lightbulbs to the dustbin of history and use leds instead ? 
  you 're also not going to get much heat coming out of a 100w ` heater ' . 
  yeah , fuck me for enjoying simple metric conversions , not giving a shit about what colour my passport is and respecting people right to life , right ? 
  so out of touch . 
  do these people not realise that we use weights and measures for things * other * than booze , veg and meat ? 
  ( e.g. 
  drug dosing , where getting it wrong kills people ), 
  all the news here reads like satire . 
  over the last few days the main stories were a former tory party leader calling for war with spain and the pm being upset that an easter event did n't use the word easter in some marketing material . 
  i 'm having trouble spotting newsthump articles when they 're posted on / r/unitedkingdom . 
   making the government look good by lowering stats is hardly a major worry both for individuals and the country . 
  it 's not about making stats look good . 
  it 's about lives . 
  money is one part of a complex equation , but staying ` to fix things ' is n't going to have macroeconomic value . 
  you do what works best for you and what makes you happier - whatever that is . 
  if the world is better as a result that 's great . 
   caring about hiding the problems while lowering bar charts is def not a solution . 
  my point is that if you move , you 're not hiding the problem - you 're fixing it . 
  economies work in cycles . 
  they have peaks and troughs . 
  because many irish people moved to the uk during the crisis , ireland 's trough was less deep than spain 's . 
  today , generally speaking , irish people are doing better . 
  labour market mobility is a problem in the eu 's single market , and so not everyone make use opportunity elsewhere . 
  as such , people suffer needless hardship , and regions that could benefit from more workers miss out on opportunity . 
  this means europe is not as efficient as it could be and ultimately we are * all * poorer as a result . 
  that 's the real problem - that there is very little labour mobility across the eu . 
  do n't forget the nominative/accusative/genitive / dative thing you have going . 
  i just use a random case and hope i do n't sound too stupid . 
  by staying , if you 're unemployed , you 're a burden on the state in the short term and you 're more likely to earn less/be structurally unemployed in the future . 
  ireland saw a lot of emigration to the uk after 2008 now , people are going back . 
  the result is that structural unemployment will rise less than in spain . 
  the impressive thing is that unemployment in the ez is now lower than the average since its inception in 1999 . 
  my point is that he is n't retired . 
  he 's a member of the party in government . 
  wikipedia also has him as an active politician and not a retired one . 
  why do you think brexit happened ? 
  not enough pocket coffee . 
  pocket coffee . 
  i do n't know why we do n't import them here :(, 
  is n't he a member of the conservative group in the house of lords ? 
  it 's there upper house of the uk . 
  he votes on things and reviews government policy . 
  that makes him an active politician in my books ( albeit clearly a terrible one ) . 
  do n't get me wrong though , i 'd love to disown him too . 
  edit : i would also like to point out his wikipedia page refers to him as a politician in the present tense . 
  edit 2 : you do know that members of the hol can serve in cabinet , do n't you ? 
  under cameron , baroness warsi was a minister and she was in the hol . 
  there are many active politicians there . 
  the question is irrelevant . 
  the answer should be something along the lines of ` spain is a close and valuable ally and i am confident an agreement will be reached that satisfies spain and respects the sovereignty of gibraltar ' . 
  howard is an absolute idiot to answer like that . 
  he is a fucking embarrassment to the whole country . 
  if scotland leaves the uk then the uk will cease to exist ( the united bit refers to the union of the kingdoms of england and scotland under one crown ) . 
  that would do more than diminish the uk . 
  hopefully scotland sooner than england , you 'll be back in time too . 
  well , the uk has an independent foreign policy and a distinct culture . 
  both of those , along with foreign trade are likely to be diminished by brexit . 
  mate , the uk does n't care about anything other than england . 
  i have no doubt in my mind that theresa may would sacrifice the economy of gibraltar on the brexit altar just to satisfy the home counties and win in 2020 . 
  that 's also the only reason she would n't enter into shared sovereignty talks with spain . 
  the livelihood of people in gibraltar will not lose her any votes ( especially as gibraltar is n't a constituency ) . 
  it 's got eu in the name , but it 's actually a british invention . 
  the alternative would have been to change the name . 
  i 've been to one of their concerts before . 
  the eubo are pretty good . 
  they want to make their own bill of rights because they feel the present arrangement affords too many protections . 
  they want their new bill to offer people ( particularly immigrants ) less rights .
