oh , it 's not racist if you use dehumanising terminology . 
  you see , racism only counts for * people * . 
  who writes home anyway in this day and age . 
  well , you would expect that a country which is most concerned about education also has the best education . 
  aka . 
  the black market ? 
  there are jobs that are exempt from taxation , but i do n't think they 'd be included . 
  this conversation gave me a knot in my neurons . 
  in norway we pay 6 cents per kwh today . 
  this is because 99 % of our electricity is hydro , which is very cheap . 
  however , it 's somewhat variable . 
  if our water reserves dries up in the summer , we will have to import some of the power . 
  but it 's basically ridiculously cheap anyway . 
  i imagine there 'd be a stigma for eating it exclusively all the damn time , as you should . 
  oh yes , it 's tasty . 
  if it was n't for the stigma , that 's all i 'd eat ever . 
  but i can agree that it 's pretty heavy . 
  however i only eat a lot when i have time to prepare a proper breakfast . 
  two slices of bread is enough usually . 
  and i 'm sure there are a lot of diverse types of breakfast in norway due to cultural differences . 
  this is possibly a rural western-norwegian thing . 
  i eat bread too , but it has to be dark . 
  scrambled eggs , or sliced cooked eggs with mayonnaise ; salty meats , like m\u00f4r / m\u00f8r , which is a smoked and cured sausage , or fenal\u00e5r which is popular now around christmas ( and delicious ! ), 
  - it is from slow-cured lambs leg ; cheese , brown and white ; salmon ; a glass of milk . 
  this is a breakfast guaranteed to make me happy , it is * not * every breakfast . 
  i 'm hungry now . 
   ice-cubes are perfectly acceptable in whiskey . 
  do whatever you want to do , but do n't tell that to a whisky-connoiseur . 
  after travelling and couchsurfing in europe - there 's much disgusting breakfast to be eaten . 
  pre-sliced white bread with jam or chocolate crap on them , and a glass of sugary orange juice . 
  it makes for a horrible start of the day . 
  personally , i find it really weird . 
  breakfast is the best meal . 
  must be eaten properly . 
  edit : i 'm not usually this ethnocentric , by the way . 
  you pour it into a white cup with a random company logo on it , and you drink it wearing an overall like a proper oil rig worker . 
  incredible . 
  i know it 's bad to speculate , i just wanted to point out that the roads in norway truly are staggeringly bad and narrow at points . 
  i assume the logistics work so well partly because the infrastructure obviously would be strengthened where they are most important for logistics ? 
  also , roads are only part of the scale , perhaps ship traffic in norway also compensates for the difficult geography ? 
  i ca n't find more detailed information on my phone unfortunately and i know jack shit about the science of logistics . 
  i 'm guessing mostly because the roads in scandinavia are really horrible . 
  at least norway , i have n't checked out every nook and cranny of sweden but getting from a to b in norway is a nightmare and i 'm convinced the trucks that are driving on norwegian roads are actually magic trucks . 
  you can also take a look up the hillsides ( if it shows on these pictures , i 'm not so sure ) , which shows very squared patches of pine trees . 
  i believe this is due to farmers planting them thickly on their patch of land after they stopped farming there . 
  there was also a huge planting initiative post wwii to make the country more self-sufficient . 
  in many places on the west coast you can see pines that are the same size and planted conscientiously in a consecutive order . 
  i like to think that it 's because of the fact that it was military men who were set out to plant them . 
  well , how about those glaciers . 
  military has taken over , source : the military ? 
  come on edit : seems like it was only a part of the military too , 
  use good tomatoes ? 
  hah , in scandinavia we only eat tomatoes that are beige and taste like wet paper . 
  you do n't even wan na know the things we have done to your tacos hombre . 
  that 's hilarious . 
  glad i live in bergen now . 
  it 's not really that different , but at least rain falls vertically here . 
  i have very little clues as to what you 're trying to say , but i 'll reply with a shot in the dark : there are limitations to freedom of speech . 
  how selfless of them , caring about the environment and everything !, 
  sounds like your examples are way out of context , and your slope is also very slippery . 
  however , the right to bear arms thing is a more legitimate argument , because it becomes a discussion of philosophical rather than purely criminological/psychological matters . 
  however , i personally do not at all hold the right to bear arms highly . 
  if only the world was more like / r/askscience . 
  no speculation or anecdotal evidence allowed . 
  that 's the things i find most frustrating about certain such popular attitudes . 
  i hate how much i enjoy this song : [ mikhael paskalev - i spy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkstxmu1uag ), 
  oh man , susanne sundf\u00f8r 's newest album is so great . 
  a couple of months ago , i would say [ white foxes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mciaj-oli28 ) in this thread . 
  godlike synths . 
  base 8 also does n't discriminate cartoon characters . 
  the west coast of norway is golden . 
  if you are lucky with the weather , it seems like the most beautiful place in the world . 
  buy a ticket with the hurtigruten-ferry . 
  you do n't even need a cabin , and you can sleep on a couch anytime and always cheap . 
  it 's fucking beautiful and i 'm even a bit sick if fjords . 
  also , male circumcision might not involve chopping the head of the penis off , but you do n't have to remove the clitoris for it to be qualified as female * genital mutilation * either . 
  so basically , the statement is both ignorant * and * fucked up . 
  i know of this . 
  however , it 's a poor substitute seeing that the glans is already hardened and the nerve endings are gone . 
  the function of the foreskin wo n't come back . 
  it will be mostly cosmetic . 
  it 's not the same . 
  parents are necessary . 
  also , the child has a right to parental responsibility , and parents can be seen as `` providers of parental responsibility '' . 
  doctors , or psychologists or other trained professionals * do * decide if the child benefits from parental responsibility . 
  also , even if it were relevant , then just because something inevitably violates the right of self-ownership does n't mean that everything else should . 
  a circumcision is irreversible and should be a choice the child makes when it is old enough . 
  after all , it 's the child 's body . 
  so no it 's not best to leave the parents alone . 
  besides , the parents ca n't just decide what 's necessary . 
  that 's up to the doctors . 
  no , cutting hair and nails is both necessary and reversible . 
  an early abortion ( please excuse the bad wording ) is aborting a fetus which is biologically dependent on the mother . 
  this is the most common view . 
  however , the arbitrary line of 12th week ( for example ) is used . 
  but medical necessity still allow them later . 
  it 's all about the right to self-ownership . 
  that 's what allows early abortions and disallows circumcision . 
  thus , there is no contradiction . 
  smile and nod , smile and nod ...
