  you clearly have no idea about the physical and psychological effects of rape and pregnancy . 
  [ this ] ( http://ideas.time.com/2012/08/23/when-rape-brings-babies/ ) for example provides many examples of why most raped women decide to abort . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.abortionfacts.com/reardon/rape-incest-and-abortion-searching-beyond-the-myths ) will help you understand just how serious abortion is , and when women do it , they 're really not doing it on a whim , like so many of you appear to think . 
  [ this ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2013/08/01/us/rapist-child-custody/ ) is an exampe of what often occurs even when the victim willingly gives birth to the baby . 
  in many countries in the world , the rapist actually has the right to assert custody and visitation rights over those children . 
  do you have any idea how traumatic and messed up that is for mothers ? 
  [ there 's even a wiki page full of sources . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pregnancy_from_rape ), 
  nope , never said that . 
  murder is the killing of a living , conscious being . 
  abortion is the ending of pregnancy by removing a fetus or embryo before it can survive outside the uterus . 
  that 's not murder . 
  lmao , that is the dumbest argument . 
  if their parents had aborted them , they simply would n't exist . 
  they would n't have any thoughts or feelings about it . 
  i 'm sure the non-aborted child of a rape victim that will always treat it like a monster or the messed up child of a couple of drug addicts is very happy to be alive though . 
  it would be . 
  if they found out you had an abortion , they could still charge you with the crime . 
  so i guess the best course of action would be to not tell anyone about the pregnancy and just have it done in secret . 
   so maybe let 's stop breading altogether if you think it 's such a big problem . 
  what does bread have to do with this ? 
  and joking aside , you clearly just have a terrible grasp on reality . 
  pregnancy can be a result of rape , pregnancy can also be a result of protected sex . 
  abortions are also needed when there 's something wrong with the fetus , which can often endanger the mother 's life . 
  so to solve all those issues , your solution would be to just stop having sex altogether ? 
   i 've heard and read quite a few stories about really young girls regretting their abortions and quite a few stories about really young girls claiming that keeping their and their fathers ' , uncles ' , neighbours ' , teachers ' , or whose not , babies was the best decision in their lives . 
  please share some of those stories , i 'd love to read them . 
  i 'd also like you to meet a rape survivor and try to explain to them how keeping the product of the worst thing 's that 's ever happened to them in their lives will turn out to be a good thing in the long run . 
  you know what ? 
  let 's go all saudi arabia and force rape victims to marry their rapists too . 
  i 'm sure you could find some feel-good stories about that one too . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  do you even know what kind of impact pregnancy has on a woman 's body and mind ? 
  being raped is hard enough , being forced to carry the product of the rape inside you for 9 months , give birth to it and then raise it is insane . 
  i would honestly rather kill myself than have to go through that . 
  if a 13 year old girl gets raped by her father and becomes pregnant , would you honestly think it would be best for her to carry that child and give birth to it ? 
  nobody could recover psychologically from something like that . 
  yeah , you know what would be less cruel ? 
  to force women to raise their rapists ' babies . 
  that sounds fun . 
  it 's a show of solidarity . 
  `` we see what you 're going through , and we totally support your movement '' kinda thing . 
  1.9 million # . 
  pretty stupid to word it that way though . 
  i am in slovenia and i 'm currently dipping my feet into the adriatic sea . 
  deal with it , croat !, 
  the doctor has died too . 
  i used to work in this hospital until very recently , and while i never met him in person , i 've only heard good things about him , from both the staff and his patients . 
  he was a father of two young children too . 
  i ca n't even imagine what his family must be feeling right now . 
  not only are shootings extremely rare in this country , but to have it happen to a doctor is almost inconceivable . 
  at least the second injured policeman seems to be doing better . 
  of course . 
  they have n't left the union left . 
  yep , student jobs have their own laws in slovenia , because they occupy that area between internship and job . 
  they have their own minimum wage ( i think it 's 4.5 $ per hour ) , and you do get health insurance and some other benefits , but you do n't have any vacation days , maternity leave , and stuff like that . 
  and they can legally fire you any time they want . 
  it seems absolutely terrible as far as working conditions go , but that 's because it 's not supposed to be a long term thing . 
  these laws were basically made for summer jobs and part time employment during high school and university . 
  it was made for students and students only . 
  but because people are having such trouble finding real jobs , they 're finding it easier to just remain students as long as possible and work student jobs , because it 's better than nothing . 
  and of course employers have no incentives for creating more jobs , because hiring students is easier , less expensive and basically risk free . 
  it 's a stupid system that has been criticized a lot , but finding solutions that both sides would approve of appears to be impossible , so nothing ever changes . 
  same in slovenia . 
  getting a real , steady job in this day and age is close to impossible for someone with no connections and little to no experience , so people try to remain `` in school '' as long as possible , so we can get student jobs instead . 
  they 're like real jobs , except they can pay us way less , and we have no job security whatsoever . 
  it only benefits the employers . 
  well , apparently there were n't any crimes happening in that part of rome at that moment , or they would n't have been wasting time by hanging out with random old people . 
  it 's not like they neglected their duties by doing this . 
  it 's always been this easy to apply for asylum in germany . 
  and every other eu country . 
  everyone has the right to apply , and everyone gets to `` enjoy '' the comforts of the state-funded shelters until their applications get either approved or denied . 
  the screening comes later . 
  he applied for asylum , so he was put in a shelter , where he would eventually have to get through screeening and all the necessary steps . 
  it does n't happen immediately . 
  this is regular social support , not a program for homeless people . 
  many non-homeless people and families are living on the same amount of money . 
  that 's because middle ages asian women are the most dangerous creatures on the planet . 
  the only people who can go against them and win are slightly older middle aged asian women . 
  netflix in slovenia does n't have slovenian subtitles for anything at all . 
  which is probably why it will never catch on here . 
  young people will keep pirating , because it gives them access to a much larger amount of content , and older people will stick to tv , because most of them either are n't fluent in english , or just are n't used to watching movies and tv shows without subtitles . 
  because nobody would willingly join a union without having the option to leave in the future . 
  having a `` you can enter , but you can never leave '' thing would be insane . 
  this is exhausting . 
  you obviously wo n't admit defeat , even though the police has already made it very clear that he was n't a muslim , and his attack was n't religious in nature , so i 'm done here . 
  my last reply . 
  your stupid trump-following ass wo n't ruin what 's left of my sunday evening . 
  i never said he was a non-practicing muslim . 
  i said he never practiced or followed the religion in the first place , so he can not possibly be muslim . 
  sure , whatever you say . 
   i 'm not a muslim - i am an ex-muslim and currently atheist . 
  but being an ex-muslim is impossible , according to you . 
  you said that the kid from munich was a muslim , even though he was never practicing or following the religion in the first place . 
  so how is he any different from you ? 
   trump would have a vetting process which would certainly include something which could test me for being a radical muslim or not . 
  and i believe i would pass the test . 
  even if i fail the test and i 'm not allowed in the us i 'm fine with it . 
  its for the good of nearly 300 million people who live in america . 
  its not just about me .
