  cornwall has been on my list of places to visit for ages . 
  scilly looks very tropical . 
  when you think of england , you really do n't imagine sunshine , clear blue waters and sand beaches . 
  looks lovely . 
  around 7am . 
  they do n't give a reason , we just suck apparently  this happens in a song in the last minute of the video , so you do n't have to watch the whole thing . 
  haha , typical patronising `` you 'll get it when you grow older '' . 
  til that every supermodel got to where she is by prostituting herself . 
  listen , i supported the `` yes '' camp . 
  i voted both times . 
  i 'm definitely not defending the idiots on the other side . 
  i 'm just saying that while gay people ca n't get married here , it 's not exactly saudi arabia either . 
  the law will pass eventually , we just need some more time before people see how stupid they 're being by voting against it . 
  while i agree that the results of that referendum were terrible , gay people still have the right to a civil union here and can enjoy most `` marital '' rights . 
  this is one of the downsides of living in a tiny country where holding on to tradition has become the only way to `` protect '' our national identity . 
  unfortunately for the more open minded of us , tradition also includes christianity . 
  does n't matter what you say , she was still a supermodel . 
  i 've never heard of a `` working girl '' that would get on the covers of vogue , vanity fair , harper 's bazaar , gq , allure , etc. 
  i 'm not saying that she did n't marry him for the money , because she most likely did , but calling her a mail order bride or a prostitute is not fair . 
  not sure if that counts . 
  she was a very successful supermodel and was already living in the us when they met . 
  you 're gon na have to move a little bit further east to find those kind of wives . 
   slovenia sucks too r u havin ' a giggle m8 ? 
  slovenia is a fucking fairytale . 
  but italy does n't recognize same sex marriage . 
  you 've just accepted civil unions , something we 've had since 2006 . 
  unfortunately , we probably will . 
  because instead of focusing on the marriage part ( which almost everyone would be willing to accept ) , the opposing side decided to go down the good old `` think of the children ! '', 
  path , which convinced a lot of people to vote no . 
  and to nobody 's surprise , most people who were against it were those of poorer economic bakgrounds and a lower level of education . 
  people who make their decisions based on who screams the loudest in a tv debate , not on actual facts . 
  we 'll get there eventually , but i 'm afraid it wo n't be anytime soon , if they keep giving the public the power to make this decision . 
  yeah sorry about that , i was reading the reply on my phone and did n't see the flair . 
  i had no idea some schools put this much effort into accommodating religious kids . 
  i had no idea this was happening . 
  i guess i never met anyone with a similar experience . 
  nope , this seems really bizzare to me . 
  we had both christians and muslims at school ( the balkan variety ) and nobody ever prayed . 
  nobody ever expressed any kind of interest in it at all . 
  where did you go to school ? 
  yeah , and it 's nothing unusual either . 
  i 've never , ever heard of a government-funded school in europe where any kind of religious ritual would be allowed during school hours . 
  yeah , i definitely agree with that . 
  the coastal areas all look familiar to me , but everything that 's more inland is completely different . 
  na\u0161ice is the farthest i 've ever been in croatia . 
  and while our language was similar , nothing else felt familiar at all . 
  i do n't know , really . . 
  i 'm from the istrian area near the slo-ita border , and the people there really are n't much different from people on the croatian side of istria . 
  the culture is basically the same . 
  but when i visited the more inland parts of your country , it felt quite foreign to me . 
  i loved it , but i did n't feel any kind of connection to those places at all . 
  being from slovenia , i do n't really feel close to any other slavic country . 
  we share a similar language , but that 's about it . 
  culturally , we 're much closer to austria and italy , since our territory was a part of theirs not too long ago . 
  they 're calling them that in reference to old slovenian folklore . 
  back in the middle ages , people thought they were actual dragon babies . 
  wait a minute , do normal people just grab their bread and take it home from the store in their hands ? 
  i do n't consider myself dirty either , but i always get my bread in paper bags . 
  you touch your keys , door handles , money , etc. 
  on the way to the store and back . 
  it ca n't be completely sanitary . 
  even less so in flood water . 
  not surprised about slovenia 's number being so low . 
  we 're apparently very anti-children right now . 
  during my 4 years in high school , only one girl got pregnant , and that was right before graduation . 
  i 'm in my mid 20s now , and only 4 people i know are parents . 
  none are married . 
  [ the rex chair . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rex_\\ ( chair \\ ) ) you know the foldable wooden chairs that almost everyone has in their garden ? 
  they were invented by a slovenian . 
  do you live in europe ? 
  it 's the biggest entertainment event of the year , with over 200 million viewers . 
  / r/eurovision has you covered . 
  http://i.imgur.com/dmvzt0z.gifv https://gfycat.com/reflectingastonishingkillifish, 
  except eurovision . 
  that is such a weird name for a competition . 
  lmao , you brits are always trying to make yourself feel better by saying `` it 's okay , it 's a joke for us , but everyone else takes it seriously , so it 's no wonder we always lose '' . 
  not the case . 
  eurovision is a joke everywhere . 
  well how would you fix it ? 
  they already have a jury that 's trying to counteract the `` political '' votes . 
  unless you remove the public vote altogether , it 's always going to be at least slightly political . 
  but the `` generic british accent '' is the default accent of the english language . 
  we learn british english in school , not the american version . 
  cartoons helped a lot . 
  during elementary school , we obviously all loved our cartoons . 
  i 'm from slovenia , a bilingual region near the italian border , and there was ( and probably still is ) an interesting divide between children here . 
  about half of us watched cartoon network , while the other half watched cartoons on italian channels ( which are always dubbed ) . 
  so half of us spoke fluent english and were n't as good at italian , while the other half spoke perfect italian and struggled with english . 
  i started learning italian in preschool and english in 3rd or 4th grade of elementary school , but i was ( and still am ) much better at english . 
  i think that when it comes to learning new languages , the media has a much stronger influence on us than formal education . 
  it 's a lovely song , but not really something the eurovision crowd would enjoy . 
  high energy pop songs are where it 's at . 
  everybody knows i 'm the only gay in this village !, 
  it 's great for cv writing though . 
  i officially speak 7 languages now . 
  does n't matter that 4 of them sounds almost exactly the same , 
  people should probably do some research before going to a country they apparently know nothing about , to help people that never asked for their help in the first place . 
  cat = mijav dog = hov-hov bird = \u010div-\u010div cow = muu sheep = bee goat = mee pigeon = gru-gru donkey = i-a chicken = kokodak rooster = kikiriki frog = rega , kvak, 
  because it represents the opposite of nationalism .
