  the only people who see merkel as a far left liberal are americans . 
  because by american standards , she is . 
  in slovenia we 've had two referendums and voted against gay marriage both times . 
  never been more ashamed of my country . 
  luckily for us , a part of the government eventually figured out that this is something that needs to happen regardless of public opinion , so they just passed the law and got it over with . 
  now that 's weird . 
  looks less chinese than the average chinatown in a european city . 
  i remember living through similar restrictions about 5 or 6 years ago , during a particularly hot summer . 
  it started with pools and car washing , and in the end it was prohibited to water lawns and gardens as well . 
  people were getting up at the crack of dawn to secretly water their lawns before anyone could see them . 
  just leaves and petals . 
  it 's just that one street , which is something like 2km \u00b2 of flowers . 
  takes about a day to put it together , but they start planning a lot earlier and draw the figures on the ground the day before . 
  summer has n't even started yet , and i 'm already over it . 
  do n't know about florida , but i 've seen a documentary that talked about mosquitoes in alaska , and seeing that almost made me physically ill . 
  i feel sorry for any person or animal that has to live up there in the summer . 
  siberia has a shit ton of them too . 
  apparently they 're much more violent up north , because food is harder to come by . 
  you ca n't really ban an ideology . 
  you can however ban people from preaching it . 
  that 's perfectly normal formal attire for a middle aged woman . 
  what else is she supposed to wear ? 
  you also get judged for every single thing you wear , while a male politician can literally wear the same dark suit every day , and nobody would care . 
  most people think she 's an embarrassment , but some ( especially the government and the small business owners from her village ) like her , because they think she could be good for tourism . 
  she 's not really talked about much outside of tabloids anymore . 
  seriously though , this makes me really happy . 
  we 've ben hit by the recession pretty hard , and it 's nice to see things are improving at such a fast pace . 
  i would n't dare !, 
  our `` main '' media outlet has an [ english version ] ( http://www.rtvslo.si/eng ) . 
  probably my favorite city in the world . 
  if you 're entering the uk from a eu country , you still do n't need a passport . 
  i 've been there multiple times and i do n't even own a passport . 
  they just ask for your national id . 
  nah , europe has its fair share of nutjobs in politics too . 
  they 're just not very successful most of the time . 
  she would also be the dominant one in the relationship . 
  pretty crazy that he gets them cutom made and they still look that unflattering . 
  i know he 's not a model , but there are better ways to fit a suit around a fat person . 
  nobody from outside of italy believes me when i tell them that umbria is the most beautiful part of the country . 
  it 's like tuscany , but with far fewer tourists . 
  even he was n't connected to anyone , these attacks often `` inspire '' others to do something similar . 
  i hope the police manages to prevent whatever 's going on . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6cufrr/saudi_arabia_funds_the_spread_of_wahhabism_in/ stuff like this . 
  might just live close by . 
  i feel the same about both the uk and the us . 
  it 's nice watching this high-octane drama unfold from the safety of your boring ass country that is n't involved in any way . 
  only logical step after the recent measles outbreak . 
  lots of fast food , and fast food being much cheaper and more available than healthy food . 
  they 're not fat , they 're yuuuge !, 
  it would help to start educating kids about this though . 
  because when you start out fat , it 's much harder to become healthy at a later age . 
  healthy school meals would probably make a big difference in some countries too . 
  super misleading title . 
  makes it sound like they knew he was a terrorist , which is not the case . 
  lol , because all parents before the year 2000 made only smart choices and never killed a single baby ? 
  they have volcanoes and cool horses . 
  you got more votes than you usually do . 
  harambe spinning in his grave . 
  italy lost despite winning the popular vote once before , and i think it might happen again today . 
  he was australian , i doubt he was planning on traveling to europe for this every year . 
  should start in about 10 minutes . 
  definitely not slovenian/balkan either , because nobody from here would misspell ljubljana . 
  fake glasses , wigs , money from different countries , and multiple passports ? 
  ca n't see how she could have been anything other than a spy . 
  you have some of the most beautiful little villages on the planet . 
  [ she looks better now somehow . 
  paris and other big cities have n't been counted yet , and they all went for macron . 
  in about 15 minutes . 
  [ there 's an official periscope link too . 
  ] ( https://www.pscp.tv/emmanuelmacron/1dxxyynprnexm ), 
  i 'm gon na eat a snail from my garden in celebration . 
  well done , france !, 
  she actually did worse than expected , just like in the first round . 
  italy next year . 
  i like how according to le pen and her supporters , being a pro-eu globalist automatically means you hate france , while being in cahoots with putin and hating brown people makes you a certified patriot . 
  flawless logic . 
  [ this gif about sums it up . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/xkjhnmo.gifv ) he was serious the entire time , explaining his plans and answering questions , while le pen spent 90 % of her time attacking him and acting like a crazy person . 
  even her supporters were disappointed . 
  oh god . . i ca n't decide if it 's funny or really , really sad . 
  considering it 's a long weekend , that 's quite a bit higher than expected . 
  tomorrow is a national holiday , so many people have taken the long weekend off and wo n't be voting . 
  this is n't unexpected . 
  i ca n't wait for the 500 voting fraud conspiracy theories that will start springing up around 8pm . 
  1 week, 
  the problem here is that if we have another war now , it will wipe the slate * really * clean . 
  surprised that the number for eritrea is so low . 
  that place is fucked up beyond belief . 
  she literally has no other options , so she might as well try . 
  yay for slovenia !, 
  we 're pretty proud of our greenness , so i 'm glad it 's getting noticed . 
  the kardashians are much , much more popular , and have a much wider reach . 
  great job by ipsos and other polling companies . 
  looks like the final result will be pretty much exactly as predicted . 
   they want a cheap workforce and dumb populace to easily manipulate . 
  you 're describing the right . 
  they 're the ones always targeting blue-collar , uneducated voters . 
  paris has n't been counted yet . 
  http://www.repubblica.it/static/speciale/2017/elezioni/francia/?refresh_cens based on ipsos polls , which are accurate as far as i know . 
  something around 30 million , probably .
