  you just do n't hear about them as often because the world does n't care as much if it is n't terrorism . 
  and it has now been confirmed that this kid had nothing to do with isis . 
  never shouted allahu akhbar either . 
  you should probably consider following better news sources than those who simply make shit up and hope it 's correct . 
  it happened on the anniversary of a white supremacist murdering 77 children . 
  haha nope . 
  i never claimed it was n't . 
  i just said that it 's wrong to assume it is before we know the facts , because it might not be . 
  he/she 's the one who randomly started betting money on this . 
  cnn is full of shit . 
  `` we assume it 's a terror attack so that can ensure maximum resources and measures . 
  if it turns out that there is a completely different background to this , then we certainly mobilised a lot of resources but we had a worst-case scenario covered . '', 
  this is the most recent police statement from munich . 
  at this point nobody knows anything about the motive or the people responsible . 
  hide them before an austrian sees them !, 
  when i posted my comment ( about 20 minutes after it started ) , over 90 % of the comments were about immigration or some tired old `` hmm , i wonder which religion they belong to '' jokes . 
  deal . 
  itt : everyone being 100 % sure it 's muslims . 
  considering the recent events , that is obviously a real possibility . 
  but it 's not a guarantee . 
  regular crazy people still exist . 
  there is absolutely zero chance of a european country turning into the same state as iraq , unless there 's a third world war or something . 
  the police are saying they believe they 're dealing with more than one attacker , according to the bbc and reuters . 
  where ? 
  not saying that it is n't true , but other than `` several people wounded , suspect on the run '' , i ca n't find any information anywhere . 
  oh , they have a goal . 
  to take over the world , more or less . 
  they 're making non-muslim people hate muslims ( and especially immigrants ) , which in turn creates new generations of muslims that are angry at the rest of the world for being treated badly , and then these muslims join isis . 
  that 's how terrorism works . 
  those pesky austrians , always stealing our bears !, 
  you 'd be surprised at just how stupid some tourists are . 
  i never claimed to be an expert . 
  you do n't have to be an expert to have opinions on things . 
  yes . 
  i 'll stop having opinions about your country when your country starts minding its own business . 
  and if you honestly believe that big businesses in the us do n't hold incredible amounts of power over the government , you should read more . 
  they influence absolutely everything , and are almost never held responsible for anything , unlike the average person . 
  i literally explained it in my comment . 
  and there are only two sentences in it . . 
  it 's not about getting free media , it 's about big corporations and rich/powerful people always being treated better than anyone else . 
  that 's inequality . 
  there 's so much shit going on in the country , and yet they focus so much time , money and manpower on bringing down a torrent site that 's only having a tiny impact on a multi billion dollar industry . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  he does n't live in turkey . 
  it 's not a democracy because , big companies will always be put before the people and they 'll always be treated better . 
  democracy is supposed to be about equality for all . 
  `` i do what i want '' - erdogan , probably . 
  looks like they 're skipping afghanistan and going straight to syria . 
  that is still islamophobia , not racism . 
  islam is a religion , not a race . 
  they murdered innocent people , including children . 
  if you see nothing wrong with that , there 's something wrong with you . 
  it 's a sign of solidarity and compassion , do n't read too much into it . 
  the whole world ca n't actually get actively involved in turkey 's problems . 
  when a large-scale tragedy happens somewhere , it 's common courtesy for other countries to show their respect . 
  i think it 's actually around 20.000 , but still an incredibly low number compared to other euro countries . 
  well yeah , either way . 
  i just think it 's important to show up and vote , no matter what you put on that ballot . 
  i 'd rather see all the undecided people return empty ballots , than have everyone call half the population lazy for not going to vote . 
  yeah , but they 're still counted . 
  that 's most people 's idea of a `` protest vote '' . 
  probably less so with the remain vote , though . 
  if that side won , nothing would change , so people would just move on with their lives and forget about it in a few weeks . 
   you want to protests , go and protest , do n't use ballots to do so . 
  actually , you should use ballots to do so . 
  deface them or write whatever on them . 
  it means that you 're willing to vote , you just disagree with all the choices . 
  voting for the thing you do n't want , however , is the dumbest thing ever . 
  well , every cloud . . 
  they do n't need to . 
  this was n't a complaint , they just explained to the uk what their future might look like . 
  if you want a trade agreement , you 'll have to accept some eu regulations , and you wo n't have a say when these regulations will be getting formed anymore . 
  well yeah , all eu money comes from its members . 
  but the eu spends a lot of it on promoting culture and regional development . 
  it 's highly unlikely that the uk government will spend the same amount of money on these things once they 're on their own . 
  well , i hope they can support their families with principles when the money runs out . 
  k , we 'll see how it goes now that you 're really on your own . 
  i 'm sure your new leadership will gladly support the same projects the eu did . 
  it was the eu 's money . 
  you 're not the only country putting money into that piggy bank . 
  sure . 
  we 'll see who was right soon enoguh . 
  not when they start losing their jobs . 
  1 or 2 years , probably . 
  `` what ** they thought ** '' being the key part here . 
  the world 's economists seem to disagree . 
   the uk can cope fine without europe - it has done before . 
  the uk will soon lose the `` u '' , because scotland is definitely leaving as soon as possible . 
  maybe ni as well . 
  so whatever happens , it wo n't stay the same . 
  which is why democracy sometimes just fails . 
  some decisions are too complex for the average voter to understand , and basing your decision on who yells the loudest on tv probably is n't the right way to go . 
  which is one of the stupidest things i 've ever seen , because wales gets a ton of money from the eu . 
  i like how people are blaming cameron for this result . 
  he 's a twat , but he only did what the people wanted , which is how democratic countries are supposed to work . 
  blame the 17.000.000 twats that voted to leave instead . 
  more like `` you decided to sink this ship , you deal with it . '', 
  i 'm definitely not a cameron supporter , but who can blame him for leaving ? 
  people obviously do n't share his views , so there 's no reason for him to keep representing the people , which is what his job is supposed to be . 
  i 'll make sure to visit soon !,
