  preventing them from having the same status as a `` regular '' couple is discrimination . 
  this would be the same as an american 100 years ago saying that a black person ca n't be considered a person , because that 's what the law says . 
  let 's give them the same rights , but we wo n't call them people . 
  because people are what they are . 
  would that seem ok to you too ? 
  it should be decided by a high court , not `` the people '' . 
  you ca n't give the rights of a minority into the hands of the majority . 
  that almost never works out well for the minority . 
  i 'm talking about equal marriage rights . 
  ah ok , was n't aware of this . 
  i know . 
  but as much as i like living in a democracy , i do n't think the rights of a minority can ever be voted on by the majority . 
  this is one of those cases where democracy is n't the fair option . 
  haha she 's divorced too ? 
  so much for that sanctity of marriage . 
  exactly . 
  i 'll happily vote every single time , until we finally get there . 
  it 's just sad that we have to spend so much time and money on something so stupid . 
  the `` against '' group is all about protecting children , but apparently they 'd rather spend millions on preventing people from getting married than actually doing something that children could benefit from . 
  40.000 signed here , but our country is so small that that number actually made an impact and a referendum had to be organized . 
  sucks that the eu court even allows citizens to vote on minority rights . 
  can the public change the vote until then ? 
  because our parliament ( slovenia ) voted in favor of the law too , but a christian group collected enough signatures for a referendum . 
  and then enough people voted against the law to remove it . 
  til that merkel has a husband . 
  i 've probably seen them together before , but i never thought they were husband and wife . 
  ugh , still bitter about slovenia :( we should be dark blue right now , damn it !, 
  each country that wants to join could send their best singer and the rest of would vote . 
  we could base membersip in the eu on musical talent and each year accept the country with the best song . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  it 's going to get much colder this week . 
  i live under the alps and the nights are already much colder than last week . 
  still no sign of snow though . 
  slovenia is being super damp and foggy , but still zero rain or snow . 
  we 're having the driest december in decades . 
  and i think i 've seen more fog in the past two months than the rest of my life combined . 
  weather pls change soon . 
  oh well . . here in the north it 's definitely not used for `` dad '' . 
  uh , who calls their dad `` babbo '' ? 
  we always said it jokingly , like saying `` old man '' . 
  maybe it 's just me , but i always felt like babbo was closer to nonno than pap\u00e0 . 
  they should get [ this guy ] ( http://www.dezeen.com/2014/05/15/stefano-boeri-bosco-verticale-vertical-forest-milan-skyscrapers/ ) to do the makeover . 
  `` babbo is more like `` grandpa '' , not `` daddy '' . 
  daddy christmas sounds really dirty . 
  in most cases i 'd agree , but not here . 
  imo this should n't even be up to the people to decide . 
  the rights of a minorty ca n't be in the hands of the majority . 
  i fully support democracy , but it fails completely in cases like this one . 
  decades ? 
  we 'll do this again in two years . 
  we did it in 2012 , we did it today , and we 'll keep doing it until it gets passed . 
  nope . 
  the turnout was quite a bit lower the last time we went through it , so we hoped that it would finally get passed this time . 
  i wish more people thought like you do . 
  just because you do n't like it , does n't mean that it should n't exist . 
  current results are 38,12 % for yes and 61,88 % for no . 
  we 're about half way through the results now . 
  turnout was around 25 % . 
  what ? 
   marriage implies adoption was n't aware of that . 
  when i hear the word `` marriage '' , i do n't immediately think about adoption . 
  i hope we pass it too , but i 'm not too optimistic right now . 
  at least the turnout is quite low , so i hope the side that 's against it does n't manage to gather enough votes in the end ( i think 20 % of eligible voters have to vote `` no '' for it to fail ) . 
  true , but not as a couple . 
  the referendum is about same sex marriage , not same sex marriage and adoption . 
  the right to adoption kinda comes with the right to legally marry , but that 's not what the referendum is about . 
  they 're literally just asking us if we 're ok with with changing the sentence `` a marriage is a union between a man and a woman '' to `` a marriage is a union between two persons '' . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  i voted a few hours ago , and i was the only person there under the age of 60 . 
  so i have a feeling that the `` against '' side will prevail . 
  they have no respect for same sex couples , so i do n't think they deserve my respect at all . 
  literally 0 arguments against gay marriage are supported with scientific evidence . 
  zero . 
  so yes , i think people who refuse to accept the fact that gay marriage wo n't hurt anyone are stupid . 
  that is 100 % not true . 
  couples in a civil unions have less rights than married couples . 
  please educate yourself before you make these idiotic statemets . 
  most gay couples do n't give a shit about adoption . 
  they just want to have the same rights as everyone else . 
  nope , the law includes nothing about churches , they can still choose to marry whoever they want . 
  adoption is n't mentioned in this law either , but yes , in theory , gay couples could now apply for adoption as a married couple . 
  but it 's not really that big of a deal , because a single gay person can already adopt a kid and nobody during the adoption process will ask them about their sexual orientation . 
  slovenia is also a very small country , and the total number of kids that get adopted every year is tiny ( something like 15 last year ) , even though there 's hundreds of people on the waiting list . 
  so either way , it 's not very likely that homosexuals will suddenly start getting kids if this gets passed . 
  i 'm afraid he 'll get his wish tomorrow . 
  slovenia is full of stupid old people that will gladly vote `` against '' and a lot of indifferent young people that wo n't vote at all . 
  religion is n't even the biggest problem here , it 's the age-old `` think of the children !!!! '', 
  argument . 
  or at least that 's what came up most often in the debates i 've watched . 
  also ... `` the * eastern european * country 's parliament ... '' we no eastern :(, 
   how do you distinguish between ` healthy skinny ' and ` unhealthy skinny ' ? 
  body mass index . 
   also , unless we are talking extremes , you ca n't judge whether someone is healthy or not based on looks . 
  we are talking extremes . 
  have you ever seen a fashion show ? 
  not a catalogue , ready-to-wear fashion show , but a haute couture show . 
  some of those girls are basically just coat hangers . 
  lol , what does this have to do with fatties ? 
  it 's just to prevent crazy high fashion agencies from only hiring insanely skinny models and pushing impressionable young girls to anorexia . 
  victoria 's secret models are healthy skinny , new york fashion week models are sickly skinny .
