only after they register . 
  they are following the danube river and moving on the croatian border , without actually entering croatia . 
  now that both croatia and hungary are closing their doors , they 'll have to pass through slovenia . 
  thanks . 
  i will now sing this song every time i put on my bile starke . 
  slovenia is pretty , friendly , extremely safe , has the ideal climate and is positioned in a nice part of europe . 
  so i 'd say we have it pretty good , as far as quality of life goes . 
  the only drawback is that the job market is terrible these days and more and more young people are searching for jobs abroad . 
  do n't worry , they are n't planning on staying there either . 
  i know comments like these are n't welcome in those feel-good / r/worldnews posts about germans welcoming immigrants with open arms , but this is really scary to me . 
  i do n't want people who act like this to walk among us . 
  they are not in a war zone anymore . 
  they 're in a first world country , completely safe , with food and shelter , and yet they 're actually rioting to get out . 
  none of this makes sense . 
  that 's really interesting , thank you . 
  i 'd love to read more about it . 
  i live in one of the countries quite close to the balkan area and we 're supposed to receive the first wave of immigrants very soon , so they talk about it in the news all the time . 
  but nobody really talks about who these people are , just what they 're running from . 
  source ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the people with higher education got the hell out of syria long before it got this bad . 
  maybe in an ideal world . 
  but as far as i can see it , it makes sense to put first those who helped make this country as good as it is today . 
  i 'm fine with helping them , but i definitely think it should be cut back a bit . 
  someone who just came into this country , has no education and no work experience should n't be getting the same amount of help as someone who worked their entire lives in this country and just lost their job because of the economic crisis or something . 
  native citizens should always come first . 
  no thanks . 
  if we wanted soldiers everywhere , we could just use our own . 
  and we do n't want soldiers everywhere . 
  all train lines . 
  you ca n't just walk around with guns in europe unless you have a license , and even that 's not enough to give you the right to bring it on a train . 
  i 'm sure it 's the same in the us . 
  you ca n't fly with guns on you either . 
  they do n't put you through security to get on a train , but if people have any weapons , they usually check them themselves . 
  that 's because we have to live here . 
  i like how all your reasons to like italy are food-related . 
  if you 're worried , go to the nearest atm and take out some more money , but the chances of things spiraling out of control in less than a day are very slim . 
  oh come on , things are n't * that * bad . 
  not even close . 
  true , but they were saying the same thing about scotland ( completely different issue , i know ) and in the end the `` young people vote '' won . 
  lol , what were we supposed to do ? 
  start a `` save greece 's banks '' kickstater ? 
  yeah , 1.6 k seems very high for an average pension . 
  the average in slovenia is 567 $ per month and those 1k + are reserved for government workers and the like , not average citizens . 
  people are already furious because we have to support thousands of immigrants financially , so do you really think everyone would be ok with spending millions/billions on artificial islands for these people ? 
  yes . 
  croatia and montenegro are a lot more `` touristy '' than albania and most parts are very safe , while some parts of albania still seem to be stuck in the 15th century , especially the mountain regions . 
  it 's not like people get murdered there al the time but it 's not a very safe place overall . 
  there was supposed to be a thunderstorm here today but nothing happened . 
  there was some loud thunder and the sky turned really dark but then the clouds just rolled away . 
  and it was humid as hell afterwards too :(, 
  [ temperature proxies . 
  ] ( http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/paleo/primer_proxy.html ), 
  it is !, 
  yeah , that immediately threw me off because in my experience , italians are some of the best tourists out there . 
  they 're loud and rarely speak english but they love to have a good time and are generally really funny , laid-back people . 
  do n't know what happened to op but i would n't say his description of italian tourists is an accurate one . 
  if his parents are first generation immigrants ( which they probably are ) , he almost definitely had more of a bosnian childhood than an austrian one . 
  not that it matters in this case , but immigrants usually raise their kids in accordance with their own culture . 
  exactly . 
  in the grand scheme of things , that idiot `` only '' killed 9 people . 
  does n't seem much worse than this maniac killing 4 and injuring more than 30 others . 
   the planned cost of this would feed all those refugees we have for an entire year !, 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  it 's not like your refugee problem will be over in a year . 
  you 'll build a fence and then save money for years and probably decades to come . 
  seems like a good financial decision to me . 
  yeah , the full scoreboards have been released today . 
  if there were no juries , italy would come first , russia second and sweden third . 
  i liked the song as a whole . 
  the `` drop '' was good but so was the rest of the song . 
  it did n't follow the usual formula , the girl had a nice voice and i thought it was an awesome performance overall . 
  saved by the juries . 
  italy got the highest number of votes from the people . 
  yeah , same in slovenia . 
  they still live in the fucking woods , even though they were offered free housing , education and health care . 
  they keep receiving their welfare checques without contributing to society in any way . 
  everyone who has to live around them hates them because they 're rude , violent and constantly steal . 
  and they refuse to keep their children in school , even though it 's required by law , because they do n't want them to `` lose touch with their culture '' so the cycle never ends . 
  i have nothing against roma people that want to live normal , civilized lives , but in my experience those are very hard to come by . 
  yeah . 
  sounds a bit weird but eurovision is n't based on geography , but on being a part of the european broadcasting union . 
  australia is a member ( or some kind of part member ? ), 
  so they 're allowed to participate . 
  ooh , almost did n't see that . 
  thanks for letting me know !, 
  do you think postcards would be ok ? 
  it would probably be more interesting to see different parts of europe than just get generic `` get better '' cards , 
  this is exactly why i 'm still hoping they find a different explanation . 
  even suicidal people and murderers ca n't be completely calm in moments like those . 
  seems like he was in some catatonic state ( also a symptom of schizophrenia ) or he really was an extreme psychopath . 
  yeah , i 'm sure that 's the first thing they thought of after they found out their son died . 
  i think they confirmed there was no distress call from the plane . 
  someone from the ground made it after the crew stopped responding . 
   the local germany reports that there were 16 pupils and two teachers from the joseph-k\u00f6nig gymnasium ( secondary school ) aboard . 
  they were returning from an exchange in barcelona . 
    some parents were still arriving at d\u00fcsseldorf airport at around 3pm not knowing of the crash . 
  do n't worry , it 's just skin shedding season . 
  all reptilians have to go through it every few years . 
  he 'll be back in his human suit in no time . 
   they are yugos damn it , germany !,
