  pretty sure we 'll send them somewhere else , because slovenia does n't really have a designated museum for that kind of art ( as far as i know ) . 
  i really hope at least one of them hatches . 
  it would be pretty sad to make such a big fuss over this and never get a baby olm on camera . 
  typical australia . 
  always stirring up trouble on the slovenian border . 
  we 're going to be in the bottom 10 anyways , so that wall is wasted on us . 
   hazelnut ice cream this is like seeing a unicorn in the wild . 
  i 've never heard of anyone who actually likes hazelnut ice cream . 
  not only does it taste weird , but it 's also cholocalte-like in appearance , so i often mistakenly take it instead of the chocolate one . 
  hazelnuts are the devil . 
  greece : gyros . 
  cheap and delicious . 
  i wish we had it over here . 
  just use smartflix and get access to everything netflix has to offer . 
  the netherlands have an incredibly large movie library and usually get new movies way faster than the us . 
  i definitely would n't be paying for it anymore if they prevented me from using a vpn . 
  we do n't even have house of cards in slovenia , because some tv channel already owns the rights . 
  they 're not neutral , but for a big news site , they 're probably as unbiased as you can get . 
  i love their `` everything you need to know about ______________ '' sections . 
  the one about this referendum seems to be pretty neutral . 
  hey , at least this year 's winner is n't wearing headphones all the time , so everyone will forget her the moment she gets off the stage . 
  i think we can survive 3 minutes of embarrassment . 
  it 's legit . 
  our youths are either still in school or working with a student status . 
  young people are very rarely actually unemployed . 
  it 's like a town that decided to become a country . 
  it 's small and very pretty , but there 's not much to do there other than eat and enjoy the scenery . 
  they do have a cool torture museum though . 
   or now when sex life of our little human fish is the main theme of tv news . 
  oh shit , i almost forgot about that !, 
  baby dragons !, 
  they have beautiful beaches . 
  it 's like a cheaper , less crowded croatia . 
  culturally , it 's not a part of the balkans . 
  we used to be a part of yugoslavia for a while , but we 're the ones who decided to get out ( before things went really wrong ) . 
  and historically , we 've had more ties with germany/austria and italy than our southern neighbors . 
  other than that , it 's a very quiet country . 
  stunning nature , very safe and clean , getting more and more tourists these days . 
  it 's a wonderful country to live in , but unfortunately there are n't many employment options for young people here . 
  apart from having some dumbass politicians and being involved in the current refugee crisis ( they pass slovenia on their way to austria ) , we tend to stay away from the headlines , because nothing interesting ever happens here . 
  really not much to know about us . 
  beautiful nature , great at winter sports , constantly involved in petty arguments with our neighbours . 
  other than that , life in slovenia is pretty uneventful . 
  that 's actually what it 's called in slovenia . 
  i completely forgot that it 's actually moldova . 
  pretty sure my dad eats that amount in a month . 
  it 's understandable that they do n't want to scare people with huge numbers , but 500.000 is unrealisticly low , and everybody knows it . 
  the slovenian police just made an announcement that they 're looking for 150 new recruits just to guard the borders . 
  so they 're obviously preparing for a hellish summer . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.policija.si/index.php/component/content/article/35-sporocila-za-javnost/82967-zaposlujemo-nove-policiste-nadzornike-dravne-meje-prijavi-se ) 's the statement and application form , in case anyone 's interested . 
  [ he was a model during his university years . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7m0rksr.jpg ) calling him `` barbie '' is an ongoing joke , because he seems to care about his appearance a lot more than other politicians . 
   anyways far more slavs were killed by the italians in yugoslavia then the other way around . 
  does n't make what yugoslavia did any less shitty though . 
  i ca n't stand people who praise it as some kind of paradise , when it did so much harm to innocent people . 
  yeah , those random old farmers , including a bunch of my family members , really did a lot of opressing . 
  all of those people lived in the area for generations and they were kicked out of their homes because they were italians . 
  nothing more than that . 
  i 'm from slovenia , the bilingual region that was ethnically cleansed during yugoslavian times . 
  people here hated yugoslavia then and they still hate it now . 
   all ethnic groups lived together and there was no hate unless you count the little ethnic cleansing going on in slovenia and croatia . 
  looks up istrian genocide , if you want to know more about how everyone got along so well in yugoslavia . 
  or the foibe massacres , another good example of yugoslavia being warm and accepting of different ethnic groups . 
  i 'm gon na increase my potato consumption just to put slovenia on the list . 
  this is a travesty !, 
  i know plenty of bosniaks and they always just say `` bosnia '' or very rarely `` bih '' . 
  but never bosnia and herzegovina . 
  the full name is only used in a formal setting . 
  our teachers decided to be extra cruel by separating us into small groups and putting us in tiny classrooms . 
  there were like 15 students in a class with two supervising teachers , so there was zero chance of cheating . 
  we were n't allowed to bring in food either . 
  just water with no labels on the bottle . 
  0/10 would not exam again . 
  no problem . 
  you 're right , he was much better than other communist leaders and the people of yugoslavia had more freedoms that the people of other communist countries . 
  but . . he was still the leader of an opressive regime . 
  in theory , yugoslavian citizens had freedom of speech , for example . 
  in reality , you could easily get sent to a working prison ( look up [ goli otok ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goli_otok ) ) for criticising the regime . 
  and then you have the really bad stuff . 
  i live near the italian border , in an area that has always been bilingual and full of ethnic italians . 
  during and after the war , hundreds of thousands of italian-speaking people were forcibly removed from their homes , in what is now known as the [ istrian exodus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/istrian_exodus ) . 
  this is the part of history that yugoslavia fans often tend to omit . 
  and not to mention that our current government still has n't officially acknowledged this or apologized in any way . 
  and then you get to the really , really bad stuff , like the [ foibe massacres ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foibe_massacres ) . 
  and even if you disregard all of that , you 're still left with the fact that living in yugoslavia was like living 15 years behind the rest of the civilized world . 
  those of us who lived close to the italian or austrian border regularly shopped there and smuggled everything back , because they had a ton of stuff we did n't . 
  this includes clothing , certain foods , music , technology , all kinds of home equipment , etc. 
  in yugoslavia , we only had the same few generic brands that were never really up to date with current times . 
  many ex-yugoslavs love to reminisce about `` the good old times '' when everyone had jobs and life was so much easier , but in reality , yugoslavia was only good for lazy people who needed nothing more from life than a full stomach and a roof over their heads . 
  if you had any kind of ideas or ambitions , you had to either move out of the country and start a career elsewhere or shut up and get a job at the closest factory . 
  life was much simpler for many people back then , but i certainly would n't call it better . 
  i wish they 'd do the same with tito in slovenia . 
  there 's a ton of streets and squares named after him , even though he was a shitty person and those same streets had much better names before he came to power . 
  none are married , actually . 
  many of them are in long term relationships , but if your boyfriend is 25 and either still in school or at the very start of his career , he ca n't really provide much financial help . 
   it 's a pretty new thing cultural-wise that women work now . 
  true , but the last two generations or so already had the same working relationships as we do . 
  at least in my family . 
  both of my parents worked and all 4 of my grandparents worked , all while raising families . 
  things were a lot easier when you got a job straight out of high school and you could then immediately start planning a family .
