  it 's a well known fact that eating disorders are a huge problem in the fashion industry , so this law makes a lot of sense . 
  yeah , that 's why i do n't think it really fits here . 
  it 's more of a christmas-themed amusement park than anything else . 
  i still thought it was pretty cool when i visited , but it was nothing like the christmas markets we have on the continent . 
  i agree . 
  it 's fun and full of people , but definitely does n't deserve to be on this list . 
  not a `` real '' christmas market , imo . 
  eh , not yet . 
  i 'm sure it wo n't affect next summer 's tourist season much . 
  ca n't have trieste , we called dibs !, 
  thanks for the info , that 's very interesting . 
  i always thought berlin was the most desirable city for urban folks in germany . 
  so . . what parts of spain and germany are nicer than the capitals ? 
  are these other bigger cities , or do this contries have very expensive mountain/seaside locations ? 
  our local brown bear read this article and immediately joined a far-right party . 
  enough is enough !, 
  kick them out of the country . 
  does n't matter what culture you 're coming from and what your religion is . 
  the moment you enter a foreign country , a country that decided to give you a home after your own country turned into hell , you 're supposed to be good and treat everyone with respect . 
  if you ca n't live without hurting others , return to your country of origin . 
  they 're really into violence there . 
  chocolate popcorn is very similar to the caramel variety , just slightly sweeter . 
  but cheese ? 
  never heard of cheese popcorn before . 
  and it sounds pretty delicious . 
  caramel and chocolate are the other two popular varieties . 
  both are good , but i do n't think they 're nearly as popular as regular popcorn . 
  eh , people still have normal lives and normal problems , just like anywhere else in the world . 
  we just have them with a prettier background . 
  that 's albi . 
  on one side , i feel like it 's wrong trying to `` delete '' history . 
  but on the other side , if i lived in the neighborhood , i definitely would n't be happy about all the nazi-loving tourists walking around . 
  and since the owner of the building tried to rent it out to neo-nazis before . . demolishing it once and for all might be the only sensible solution . 
  probably nothing . 
  it 's just hormones , so if you only took them once , you would n't be affected . 
  supporting the leave camp and supporting ukip are two very different things . 
  he 's crying about not being welcome here for being british , while he openly supports a political party that famously shits all over eastern europeans every chance they get . 
  all ukip does is spread hate , racism and xenophobia among idiots like op . 
  lmao , this coming from a ukip supporter . 
  and some poor idiot gave you gold for this . . 
  i 've experienced -23 \u00b0 c at the top of one of your mountains when i was younger ( i think it was marmolada ) . 
  with windchill , it was something ridiculous , like -30 \u00b0 c. 
  i legit had trouble breathing , because it hurt to inhale air that cold . 
  i took my glove off to take a photo , and it got cold to the point where i could barely move it anymore in about 30 seconds . 
  that 's when i decided i should stick to skiing on lower altitudes . 
  i have such high hopes for this winter . 
  it was barely over 10 degrees in my part of slovenia today , which is about the same temperature we 've had in the middle of winter last year . 
   i know this will not be a popular viewpoint , but does the murder of an innocent life , at all rectify the heinous act of rape ? 
  no , it does n't . 
  and once again , it 's not murder . 
  killing a tiny , nondescript clump of cells is not the same thing as killing a newborn baby . 
   but in counterpoint , why traumatize a woman further by pressuring her to murder an innocent life ? 
  in no way does aborting the fetus undo the horrible act of rape , nothing can . 
  who said anything about pressuring women to do anything ? 
  it 's about having a choice . 
  if they want to keep the baby , they should . 
  if they want to get rid of it , they should have that option too . 
  abortion wo n't undo the rape , but it will certainly prevent the trauma of being forced to spend the rest of your life with a living reminder of the worst thing that 's ever happened to you . 
   and i would argue that we all , deep down on an emotional/spiritual/whatever you want to call it level , see the worth in a fetus ' life . 
  since , if abortion is the right answer , what about the studies that i referenced , showing the negative psychological effects and regret in women ( rape victoms ) who chose abortion ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you have n't referenced any studies . 
  `` concernedwomen.org '' , a religious , pro-life organization is not a reputable scientific source . 
  their only outside source is the hilariously biased elliot institute , an anti-abortion advocacy group . 
  i 'm not saying that every woman who gets pregnant in a rape should get an abortion . 
  i just think it 's absolutely crazy to make it illegal . 
  if my 12 year old niece got raped by someone and the government actually forced that little girl to not only go through 9 months of pregnancy , which is terrifying enough , but to actually give birth to the baby and have to take care of it . . i ca n't even imagine . 
  living people are a million times more important than cells with the potential of one day becoming living people . 
   but abortion is not the answer . 
  it is if the woman feels like it is . 
  you ( as a man , presumably ) have no idea about the repercussions of a pregnancy and birth in such a case . 
  and using an article written by the `` concerned women of america '' is laughable . 
  rape is so , so incredibly disturbing and traumatic , that no person other than the victim should have control over what happens to her body afterwards . 
  if she wants to keep the baby , fine . 
  if she wants to get rid of it , she should be able to , no questions asked . 
   pregnancies resulting from rape account for about 1-5 % of abortions . 
  and ? 
  this is what the protests are about . 
  abortion in the case of rape , incest , or cases where the mother 's life is endangered by the pregnancy . 
  that 's literally all they have right now , and the government is trying to make it all illegal . 
  they are trying to keep it as it is . 
  it 's not about abortion in general , it 's about these specific cases . 
   women do decide what they can and ca n't do with their bodies . 
  except in the above referenced rape scenario , no one is forcing them to have intercourse . 
  the women of poland are protesting a proposed law that would make it illegal for them to decide what to do or not to do with a fetus that is the product of a rape or incest . 
  that is what this whole thing is about . 
  have you even read a single article about this thing ? 
   you do n't know how their life would turn out . 
  you do n't either . 
  but i sure as hell know that i 'd rather kill myself than be forced to grow a part of my rapist in my body for 9 months , and then give birth to it and raise it . 
  the thought alone is revolting . 
   no one should have the power to end the life of another person but random people should have the power to decide what women can and ca n't do with their bodies ? 
   human life has fundamental value no matter what stage or variety it takes . 
  not according to the law of any developed country in the world . 
  a fetus is n't dead , no . 
  it 's unborn . 
  legally , that 's not murder . 
  before the fetus is developed enough to survive outside of the womb , it 's not its own person , it 's a part of the woman 's body . 
  and women should have complete control over their own bodies . 
  my god . . 
  please , please do some more reasearch on this issue instead of relying on things like that video on a pro life channel .
