  i 'm almost done with university and i have no idea how things will go when i have my degree . 
  but i am almost 100 % sure that i wo n't be in a position that will allow me to get a house and pop out a few kids in the next 5 years or so . 
  really ? 
  i 'm a woman in my mid 20 's and only two women i know are moms right now ( both have babies less than a year old ) . 
  one is supported by their parents , the other works in a family business and also does n't have to worry about money . 
  every other woman i know laughs at the idea of having kids right now , because it 's extremely hard to find a good enough job to support ourselves , let alone raise a family . 
  so career has to come first , even if you want to have kids . 
  this has a lot more to do with money than feminism . 
  do n't try it , you 'll hate yourself forever . 
  i actually prefer flancati too , but mi\u0161ke are a lot simpler to make , so we always stick to that . . 
  we have the same stuff in slovenia , but under different names . 
  your krafne are our krofi and your fritule are our mi\u0161ke . 
  do your fritule include raisins too ? 
  because ours often do , and i hate everything about that . 
  bigger places in bosnia should be safe for any traveller . . especially touristy ones like mostar . 
  and in places like that , you can easily get by with english , so do n't worry too much about that either  where are you going on your first solo trip , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i ( also a female ) am also planning a solo trip this spring , but ca n't decide between france , belgium and the netherlands . 
  it has n't changed at all . 
  our country is tiny , and during the biggest migration waves last year , we received a ton of immigrants . 
  things were tense for a while . 
  but they all just passed through , so it 's no big deal . 
  facebook was unbearable for a while though . 
  [ but there are !, 
  ] ( http://www.inyourpocket.com/ljubljana/pubs-bars-and-clubs ), 
  i do n't know how it is in other countries , but our gypsies mostly live in rural areas , so they 're kinda cut off from the rest of the population . 
  their non-gypsy neighbors really do n't like them though . 
  holy crap , i had no idea !, 
  he looks almost exactly like the guy in the second video , except he 's kneeling on the ground , covered with a blanket , instead of dancing around . 
  and all this time we thought he was crazy . . 
  whoa !, 
  do those goat things that make clanking noises appear in smaller versions too ? 
  because every year around christmas , there 's a man in trieste , italy that wears a weird costume , kneels on the ground and makes that same noise over and over again . 
  all this time i though it was just a crazy beggar in a weird bird costume , but now i 'm realizing that he might actually be doing a traditional romanian thing . 
  that 's the bullring , a shopping center . 
  [ trbovlje ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6vhtmco.jpg ) ( used to be a mining town back in the day , which is why there 's so many of those socialist-style apartment blocks . 
  now there 's a big thermal power plant there , so the city is still very industrial . ), 
  [ jesenice ] ( http://i.imgur.com/popjeuu.jpg ) ( lots of lower class balkan immigrants that came to live here when the steel industry was still going strong , the whole town is quite dark and there 's not much to do there . 
  and it 's full of those ugly apartment buildings . 
  we do n't have many industrial towns , but the ones we do have are really ugly . 
  nobody would care in slovenia . 
  hardcore patriots are quite rare here , and i feel like even most of our politicians do n't take themselves seriously anymore , so making fun out of the country does n't bother anyone . 
  even the biggest newspapers often joke about the government . 
  the regency/victorian era . 
  back then the women 's fashion started to change , and for a while it was seen as provocative for women to show their ankles . 
  which does n't make much sense , because showing cleavage was completely ok . 
  the ankle thing is probably a bit of an exaggeration , because the victorians definitely were n't puritans . 
  among other things , the victorians produced an incredible amount of porn , which would be considered freaky even by today 's standards . 
   immigrating to the u.s with the attitude that you are not an american first means that you likely are not going to be given jobs , have many friends , or have anything good happen to you in your community . 
  the exact same thing happens in europe . 
  the only difference is that here , you can easily survive without integrating into our culture . 
  they either live off welfare or work inside their own community , but they do n't have to adapt if they do n't want to . 
  these people are still very much separated from the rest of us . 
  which sucks for those who make an effort to become a part of our society , because now they have to live under a mean social stigma caused by their fellow countrymen . 
  they 'll never lose their identity , because that 's the one thing they value over everything else . 
  haha , i 'm pretty sure that when people speak of `` southern , arabic '' people doing something so disgusting , nobody thinks `` oh , those damn spaniards are at it again ! '' . 
  spain would have never even crossed my mind in a situation like this one . 
   but do n't mess with definition of marriage because it is what it is . 
  if you want something new , then find another name for it . 
  but why ? 
  why would we need to do that ? 
  it 's easier to change a few words in an already established law , than to create a new one . 
   regarding adoption . 
  this is very sensitive topic and it is far from clear if it is appropriate to give a child to gay couple . 
  childrens are not like pets which satisfy one 's needs for companionship . 
  actually , it 's very clear . 
  i have no idea how people like you can go around and be so sure in themselves , when there 's a shit ton of articles on the internet about growing up in a gay household . 
  every single legitimate research of the topic so far proved that children of gay parents suffer no negative consequences and grow up the same as children in `` normal '' families . 
  read [ this ] ( http://consumer.healthday.com/public-health-information-30/family-health-news-749/more-evidence-that-kids-of-gay-parents-do-just-fine-701902.html ) or [ this ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2015/06/150615103946.htm ) or [ this ] ( http://www.supremecourt.gov/obergefellhodges/amicusbriefs/14-556_american_psychological_association.pdf ) or [ this ] ( http://qz.com/438469/the-science-is-clear-children-raised-by-same-sex-parents-are-at-no-disadvantage/ ) or just use google and find countless other articles . 
  and the fact that you 're comparing gay parents adopting children to people buying pets , is one of the most ridiculous statements i 've ever seen regarding this issue . 
  so when gay people want to adopt a kid , they 're obviously just looking for a pet to entertain them , but when a `` normal '' family decides to have a kid , they do it for better , completely different reasons ? 
  do you have any idea how homophobic your ideas sound ? 
   marriage is foundation of a family and two gay people can not make a family with each other . 
  wrong on both parts . 
  first , gay people can easily make a family through adoption or artificial insemination . 
  or do you think that straight people with fertility issues should n't have the right to marry either ? 
  and secondly , marriage is a socially recognized union or legal contract between spouses that establishes rights and obligations between them , between them and their children , and between them and their in-laws . 
  that is the most commonly accepted definition . 
  nowhere in that does it say that the two spouses have to be able to conceive a child together . 
  unless you 're talking about the religious definitions , the gender of the two spouses does n't matter . 
   and why does it bother you that registration is not called marriage ? 
  because it 's discrimination against gay people . 
  again , i 'm talking about the legal definition of marriage , not the religious one . 
  homosexuality is not illegal , so why ca n't they get married ? 
  two consensual adults should n't be excluded from marriage because of something they have no control over . 
  and the current registration procedure does n't give registered couples the same rights a married couple has , especially when it comes to inheritance . 
   and considering black people as not-people is something completely different than chosing a name for a partnersih-union , which can have different names for different forms without any harm for people . 
  i think discrimination based on sexual preference is pretty harmful to people . 
   gay people can marry just like the rest of citizens - with opposite sex . 
  and we ca n't marry same sex just like gay people ca n't . 
  that 's not equality . 
  it has already been established that homosexuality is completely natural , is n't a mental illness and is n't a personal choice . 
  therefore , limiting these people 's rights is discrimination . 
  they do n't want special rights , they want the same rights you have . 
  not to marry a man/woman , but to marry the person they love , regardless of gender . 
   i think it would n't be a problem for most of us to give gay couples all those rights which also come with marriage . 
  just call it something else , not marriage . 
  marriage is what it is . 
  why ? 
  why would changing the definition of marriage bother you ? 
  we 're not talking about the religious definition of marriage , we 're talking about a lawful union of two persons .
