  we were the first to leave , and now we 're somehow the only ex-yugo country that you still see as yugos . 
  with 200 million viewers , i think it 's safe to say that eurovision is popular in a lot of places . 
   why slovenia is a subdeveloped country screw you , spain . 
  they call the colour `` azzurro savoia '' ( savoy blue ) , referencing the [ house of savoy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_savoy ) . 
  apparently blue was their official colour . 
  oh yeah do n't worry , we all know they 're gypsies . 
  i do n't think i 've actually met a `` real '' romanian person before , but i do know that the ones we have begging and stealing around europe are mostly gypsies . 
  romanian beggars earn a ton of money all over europe . 
  they started appearing in slovenia a few years ago and it 's fascinating to see them work . 
  it 's usually middle aged women , dressed in the saddest rags possible , looking all crippled and sick in front of bigger shopping centers . 
  after a long day of whining and just being generally annoying , they miraculously regain their health and jump to the parking lot , where they get picked up by their families in brand new bmws . 
  my grandma is in full rage mode because all of her fruit trees were damaged . 
  how did they manage to forget both slovenia and slovakia ?? 
  unacceptable !, 
  same here . 
  i watch so many british shows anyways , and i 'd rather pay for it than feel bad for watching it illegally . 
  i use hola , even though it 's not the safest thing out there . 
  ads and a portion of the televoting money . 
  i use a vpn to watch it live on the bbc website . 
  i never watch it on tv anymore , because our presenters suck , so i either watch the official youtube stream with no commentators or find a way to watch norton 's version . 
  it 's only a waste of money if you host . 
  a regular participant earns a bunch of money from it every year . 
  eurovision got bad , and then it kept getting worse , to the point where it 's now actually good again , because of how terrible it is . 
  i love watching it , just to laugh at weird acts and graham norton 's snarky comments . 
  smartflix was blocked but they managed to make it work again . 
  it works great , but it 's not free anymore . 
  several eu countries did n't get house of cards , because other tv channels in those countries already own the distribution rights . 
  which is why i 'll stop paying for it . 
  used to be great before they got so serious about banning proxies , and the vpn service i use ( smartflix ) is n't free anymore . 
  netflix is not worth the hassle . 
  that 's because slovenia was a part of the austrian empire back then . 
  the lipica stud farm is definitely on slovenian territory now though . 
  this is obviously just a joke . 
  he 's actually pretty competent . 
  during his time in office , he has implemented a bunch of pretty major reforms , so he 's definitely not someone who just likes to talk but would never actually do anything . 
  yep , they had some set photos on / r/starwars last week . 
  every place in that area is stunning . 
  i spent a week in volterra 2 years ago and i still miss it . 
  they will more then likely learn at least one or two new foreign languages when they enter school . 
  so teaching them their local language at this age wo n't hurt them in any way . 
  true , but i 'd still say we 're pretty low on the list of importance . 
  we 're just kind of there . 
  apart from our long time territory feud with croatia , we do n't really mess with anyone 's business , so nobody pays any attention to us . 
  [ oh god , it makes so much sense !, 
  neutral . 
  we 're tiny and pretty insignificant , so they have no real interests in our country . 
  we also do n't really care about them , because apart from a history of communism , we have almost nothing in common . 
  no , i meant that he never really expressed a desire to connect with slovenia , at lest not as far as i know . 
  i mean , look at us , nobody cares about us politically . 
  i feel like putin does n't really care about slovenia enough to desire stronger bonds . 
  he was invited by the slovenian president , not the other way around . . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.24ur.com/novice/slovenija/pahor-vabi-putina-na-100-obletnico-ruske-kapelice.html?bl=0 ) article says that the invitation has already been accepted unoficially . 
  so he 's most likely coming . 
  it 's not going to be an official state visit though . 
  he 's just coming to the chapel ceremony . 
  different countries have different data plans . 
  i pay 15 eur per month and i have unlimited texting , unlimited calls and 5gb of internet . 
  no need for whatsapp unless i travel abroad . 
  not that popular in slovenia , at least as far as i know . 
  most of us already have unlimited calls and texts included in our data package , so there 's no need for additional apps to save money . 
  those of us who live near the borders also have the option of paying a few extra euros every month to save money on calls/texts across the border . 
  i only download whatsapp when i go on holiday and need a cheap way to communicate with my family , but i do n't need it at home . 
  probably german , because it 's used in more than one country and is already a pretty popular language . 
  and maybe italian or spanish , because if you know one you kinda know the other , and many people across the world speak one of those . 
  if you work in the tourism industry or own an international business , russian might a good choice too . 
  is the west more industrial ? 
  because that 's why italy 's north is doing so well . 
  pretty much the entirety of italy 's factory industry is concentrated in the north , which created a ton of jobs . 
  the problem is the way it 's distributed around the country . 
  the average is 11 % because of how good the north is doing , but most of the south is at 20 % + . 
  i never said she started it . 
  but what she said definitely encouraged more people to come . 
  i can vividly remember watching the news last year and hearing immigrants thank merkel for opening her arms to them and things like that . 
  she was n't just responding , no . 
  instead of nipping things in the bud , she said that germany will remain open for immigrants , which surely influenced hundreds of thousands of people to come to europe . 
  everyone agrees she played a big part in this . 
  because it does n't have a national minimum wage . 
   she said this had put greece in a `` very difficult situation '' and such decisions should be taken by the whole of the eu . 
  oh yeah , like how she made the decision to invite millions of people to europe with the rest of the eu , right ? 
  she almost single-handedly caused this , and now she 's complaining because other , much smaller and `` weaker '' countries are starting to take precautions in order to protect themselves . 
  i do n't know if that 's actually true . 
  most of them carry some cash or at least jewellery . 
  it really is a bit odd to not see this mentioned in any major slovenian newspaper . 
  this is all i could find : http://www.regionalobala.si/novica/balkanske-migracijske-poti-ni-vec-zaveznistvo-zdrave-pameti-in-red-v-evropi, 
  if they close the borders with trieste , how will i buy cheap nutella and laundry detergent ? 
  an open border with italy is of paramount importance for my family . 
  was it in trieste by any chance ? 
  there 's a bigger chance of seeing triglav in a dry dock in trieste than the slovenian sea . 
  we really do n't use these boats at all . 
  we use them to help other countries ( mostly italy with refugees in the south ) . 
  there 's really nothing for them do on the slovenian coast , so they 're almost never here . 
  probably . 
  i still think the biggest factor is media . 
  growing up with cartoon network alone was a good enough reason to learn the language . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of us would speak ( or at least understand ) english even if it was never taught at school , because it 's a part of our daily lives . 
  you probably only watch movies and tv in your native language , so you do n't have such an incentive to learn others . 
  countries with dubbing have the same problem . 
  i live close to the italian border , and my friends from the italian side speak significantly worse english , because all of their media is in italian . 
  slovenia is slavic and we 're pretty high on the list . 
  i think it has more to do with general culture and type of education than the native language .
