  europe does need more people . 
  millions and millions of pensioners ca n't keep the economy going on their own . 
  because most of europe suffers from a falling birth rate and a rapidly growing number of old people . 
  that strains the economy , so having more young people is a very good thing . 
  overpopulation is only a problem in developing countries . 
  nice work !, 
  the horizontal one makes a really nice wallpaper . 
  but . . but . . americans are saying that we 're already living under sharia law and military aged muslim males are running all over the place , raping and beheading people !, 
  surely they ca n't be wrong , can they ? 
  ^ ^ ^ / ssssss, 
  probably because the same thing happens every year , and nobody outside france really cares that much anymore . 
  they 're still not `` taking over '' anything , and europe ( yes , including germany ) is still an incredibly safe place , especially when compared to most other countries . 
  there is literally zero chance of that happening . 
  only 5 % of germany 's population is muslim . 
  opening the door to immigrants did n't really cause that number to go up by a significant margin . 
  and let 's not forget that the huge , huuuge majority of these people have zero interest in doing anything anti-german , but are instead normal , functioning members of society . 
  how and what could they possibly `` take over '' ? 
  economic growth and an ever-improving social care system ? 
  this guy solved this problem by hiring a dog to smile for him . 
  the referendum results themselves would n't change much of anything . 
  renzi stepping down , however , is bound to sway the boat a litte bit . 
  it all depends on who his successor is . 
  renzi made a huge mistake by tying his personal political future to the `` yes '' side . 
  i 'm 100 % sure that a ton of people will be voting `` no '' just to get rid of him , completely disregarding the actual issue that is at stake here . 
  obviously pandoro . 
  what kind of monster prefers something with raisins in it ? 
  although the `` fake '' panettoni with chocolate are the best thing ever . 
   late afternoon today , danish police charged peter madsen with the killing of the female passenger of the submarine . 
  pretty weird to charge someone when there 's no proof of murder , is n't it ? 
  unless he 's said something incriminating . 
  i am okay with this . 
  a combination of a bunch of things . 
  traveling is easier and cheaper now than ever before , so a huge amount of people travel abroad at least once a year . 
  and when they travel , they all go to the same places , causing overcrowdedness and `` ruining '' the city for the locals . 
  and then there 's the issue of airbnb negatively affecting local housing markets , tourists not respecting local customs and destroying property , etc. 
  it 's hard to understand just how annoying tourists are when you have deal with them by the thousands every day . 
  a friend of mine lives in florence and she says she hates leaving the house in the summer , because there 's people * everywhere * . 
  streets are hard to walk through because of the crowds , all the good bars and restaurants are always full of tourists , etc. 
  when things become this bad , the negatives of mass tourism outweigh the benefits . 
  wow , croatia is gone and we get a huge shoreline . 
  dreams do come true !, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ just kidding , neighbours , we love you , 
  [ born black . 
  castel gandolfo is the name of the town . 
  those are rome 's colours . 
  i do n't think it has any other significance . 
  at least we would n't be confused with slovakia as much , so i 'm all for it . 
  it 's disgusting here . 
  you go into the sea to cool down , and it 's like stepping into a bowl of soup . 
  and now there 's jellies floating all over the place . 
  til that cedevita is croatian . 
  i drink it almost every day and i 've always thought it was ours for some reason . 
  sorry , neighbours !, 
  looking at the picture of this guy , i feel like he probably was n't using one of these fancy new chainsaws . 
  yep . 
  it 's not super serious yet , but i 'm afraid of what 's to come if this heat continues . 
  same cast and plot of captain phillips , but set in space . 
  my garden disagrees . 
  [ it 's crazy . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/stdpvhs.jpg ) like something you 'd find in north korea . 
  `` as your president , i congratulate your 15th july democracy and national unity day , i wish for god 's mercy on our martyrs and health for our veterans . '', 
  took this from someone 's twitter , so it might not be 100 % accurate . 
  it was public when it was posted . 
  [ here 's the same video that someone reposted ] ( https://twitter.com/jamesinturkey/status/886362909995130883 ), 
  i do n't know what kind of humans you 're hanging out with , but i would n't say most people are as unpredictable and strong as a 5 ton elephant . 
  dangerous wild animals should n't just be walked around town on a chain . 
  that thing could easily kill a bunch of people if he freaked out for whatever reason . 
   we know how to vacation without dying . 
  speak for yourself !, 
  why visit , when i could just stick my head in an oven and get the same experience ? 
  also some of the best museums and art galleries in the world , which are all free . 
  bars , restaurants , sports , groceries and things like that are n't super expensive either , unless you literally seek out the pricy stuff . 
  if it was really * that * bad , nobody would want to live there , but people obviously do . 
  you can afford everything but good housing . 
  it 's still an awesome city to live in , if you do n't mind sharing a tiny old flat with 5 people . 
  i still would n't say it 's not a fun city unless you 're rich though . 
  it 's a great place for young people to live , just not great to settle down and start a family in . 
  asia is bringing the average down . 
  170 is definitely short for a european man . 
  what about our precious mole people ? 
  saw one on a ferry ride from greece to italy . 
  was looking for dolphins , but a giant turtle was cool too . 
  oh yeah , i definitely agree . 
  the center has become really pretty , and i hope it continues to spread throughout the city . 
  lots of good events going on in the summer too . 
  i 'd be over the moon if they just added some more greenery and made the central bit a pedestrian-only zone , so people could enjoy their passeggiatas without having to cross a busy road every 30 seconds . 
  although i 'm sure the people who live there and are used to parking their cars in front of their houses would n't be too happy about my idea . 
  to be fair , most of those `` slovenes '' would much quicker identify themselves as istrians than slovenians . 
  you ca n't possibly compare the ah version on slovenia to what we have today . 
  love trieste . 
  you should see the main square around christmas , when they line the whole thing with christmas trees . 
  i do wish the city was a bit better maintained though . 
  it 's so big and full on really nice buildings , but having a million cars jammed everywhere makes the whole thing look grim and not very pedestrian-friendly , which is a shame . 
  edit : my own photos are crap , so [ here 's one i found online . 
  umbria is by far my favorite part of italy . 
  it 's like tuscany , but without the tourists . 
  christians . 
  it 's good for tax reasons . 
  if you live with someone and plan to keep it that way , you might as well tie the knot and get something out of it . 
  it is if said country is ran by a christian party .
