  and it 's * very * unusual to see privately owned eu flags . 
  i 've never seen one that was n't hanging at some government institution , along with the national and regional flags . 
  same in slovenia . 
  not the nationalism part , but the getting weird stares part . 
  we only fly flags on national holidays and during sporting events . 
  people who have them outside their houses year long are seen as weirdos . 
  i kinda like having different ones , because i can compare prices and choose the cheapest option . 
  if we only had one amazon for everyone , i bet they 'd go with the highest tax possible . 
  i often have to take a sick day , because my cramps get so bad that i ca n't even move without excruciating pain . 
  my doctor has prescribed pain killers , but nothing works well enough . 
  this does n't happen to me every month , but when it does , there is absolutely zero chance of me going to work and being in any way productive there , because all i can think about it the horrible pain in my belly . 
  i 'm not saying `` menstrual leave '' is a good idea , and i do n't want it , but i can tell you from personal experience that menstruation pains can be really , really bad . 
  and my uterus is completely healthy . 
  women with various issues , like endometrioma for example , got through much worse and much more often . 
  i 've been planning to visit this place ever since i 've read all the light we can not see . 
  but is there actually anything to do there ? 
  that is not what `` cherry picking '' means , dude . . 
  i never said that literally every commenter in that thread was in denial . 
  but most of them definitely are . 
  all of the ones i 've posted were upvoted to the first page . 
   `` massive turnout either indicates fraud against wilders , or wilders landslide . '', 
   `` my guess is the political climate in the netherlands is much like it was in the us , where people were shamed out of publicly expressing support for wilders ( just like trump ) , but will come out in droves in the voting booths . 
  the riots by turkish islamists were just perfect timing to really drive it home what is at stake with this election . '', 
   `` would n't surprise me if he trounces his opponent ''  `` there 's 300 % turnout at the mosque polls - its a fucking disgrace ''  `` i 'm not sure how this all works . . but do n't listen to the exit polls ! '', 
   `` im just wishing the dutch were too scared to even tell the truth at exit polls . '', 
   `` here 's my prediction . 
  it 's going to be a dutch revolution . 
  wilders will win . 
  even better than trump . 
  large turnout bodes well for wilders . 
  no-shows skew the ratio to wilders as well . 
  if the fixed muslim vote is around 15pc , i 'm betting around 60p.c of the ` popular ` vote for wilders . 
  79 seats . '', 
  i picked all of these off the first page of that thread . 
  how is this not delusional ? 
   the netherlands is seeing a turnout like they 've never seen before . 
   85 % , even 100 % turnout in some areas . 
  possible geert wilders landslide ? 
  currently on the front page , 7k + upvotes . 
  nobody wants to be in coalition with them , because they 're batshit crazy . 
  i almost feel sorry for them . 
  the level of denial on that sub is honestly impressive . 
  in a few hours ( around 23:00 ) . 
  these days , being forgotten by everyone is pretty much the ideal situation to be in . 
  they should start coming in in an hour or two . 
  80 % turnout and wilders apparently got crushed harder than any poll predicted . 
  you did good today , netherlands . 
  i hope france goes down the same route . 
  good luck . 
  we had a similar referendum in slovenia and it did n't turn out well : / although the government did legalize gay marriage just last month , so i guess we got on the right path eventually . 
  because it 's completely normal , and teaching children to see it as such might make them slightly more compassionate and understanding towards gay people ? 
  it 's not like homosexuality is a big theme in the movie , it 's just a random little side character thing . 
  not lazy , just really , really stubborn , 
  immigrants and people who live in border areas with different languages . 
  the south tyrol region is full of german-speaking people , for example . 
  although i suspect that many of those who claim they ca n't hold a conversation in italian really can and just do n't want to . 
  [ romanians according to europe . 
  5 would probably be `` the best '' for the eu as a whole , but i feel like most countries would be too scared to commit to something as big as that . 
  it has nice beaches and cheap fruit . 
  you have google , use it . 
  the sole fact that you 've mentioned the words `` faked for attention '' already makes it crystal clear that you 'd dismiss everything i 'd post as `` fake news '' or some twisted liberal agenda . 
  everyone with a brain knows that far right policies never lead to good times for minorities . 
  europeans probably know this better than anyone . 
  `` extreme far right groups in the us ** and europe ** '' you know you 're on a european subreddit , right ? 
  if you think that a handful of cases of violence against repiblican voters is in any way comparable to the hate ethnic and religious minorities are dealing with as a result of far right ideologies that are spreading over the world right now , you have absolutely no idea what you 're talking about . 
  and calling people retards is n't exactly helping your cause . 
  yes , such a huge global epidemic of `` far left '' groups viciously attacking republicans . 
  we do n't even have republicans in europe , but i hear we 've started to import them , just so we can assault them in the streets . 
  these fragile little snowflakes who are getting butthurt over all the trump hate would probably laugh their asses off at some of the [ obama floats ] ( https://dovastonsdusseldorfdiarys.files.wordpress.com/2014/03/img_5688.jpg ) from previous years . 
  making fun of everyone and everything is what the carneval is all about , and everyone with a brain should be able to understand that . 
  do n't be an asshole , the person did n't call trump a nazi . 
  but if you open your eyes for a second , you 'll realize that there 's been a strong increase in support of extreme far right groups in the us and europe lately , which should be a warning sign and not something to just shrug off . 
  wwii did n't start in a day either . 
  yes !, 
  the lake is surrounded by the most beautiful litte towns like the one in the picture , and there 's a ton of old villas , gardens , museums and churches to explore . 
  if you 're into nature , you can also take boat tours or go hiking or biking . 
  it is pretty expensive though . 
  it 's better for the child to be adopted , as that gives him/her every right a biological child has , and obviously comes with a guarantee of permanence , which is important for the child 's psychological development . 
  foster care is usually temporary , many foster parents are only doing it for the money , the kids have trouble adapting to a new home every few months/years , etc. 
  the kids in foster care are usually the ones with unresolved legal issues with birth parents or their families , so they ca n't be adopted . 
  also a number of kids with physical or developments disabilities that were given up by their parents , but are n't `` attractive '' enough for other people to adopt . 
  nope , we only had civil unions . 
  then the government put together a proposal for a new law ( dru\u017einski zakonik ) , the opposition gathered enough signatures to have a referendum , and the law was n't passed . 
  no , it 's called `` partnerska zveza '' . 
  i guess the most fitting translation would be `` partner union '' or something like that . 
  they 're not calling it `` marriage '' . 
  it matters to gay people . 
  even if there 's only 10 of them that live here and want to get married , they should have the right to do it . 
  3-8 % of 7 + billion is a very , very large number . 
  treating them as equals is important . 
  almost . 
  they have every right `` normal '' couples have except the right to adopt children together . 
  and erdogan , and putin , and pretty much anyone else they want . 
  freedom of speech , y' all . 
  it was one of those laws that should have been abolished ages ago , but it was so unimportant that nobody bothered doing anything about it , as it was assumed that nobody would use it anymore . 
  if it were n't for b\u00f6hmermann 's erdogan thing , i bet most germans would n't even know about the existence of such law . 
  and yet there is no chaos . 
  more people also make more money . 
  unless we start killing off pensioners that spend 20 + years receiving government money without doing any work , we need more young people . 
  yes , literally every muslim immigrant is a terrorist .
