[ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0cgnnyxzaos ), 
  can you stop terrorism with empathy ? 
  under a program run by police in denmark 's second largest city , aarhus , a unique approach is being tested -- offering assistance to radicalised youths and adults , rather than treating them as criminals . 
  the police running the program believe helping young extremists is the best way to keep the peace . 
  treating them harshly and with suspicion only isolates them further - making them more of a danger to society . 
  the program has been referred by some in the media as the ` hug a terrorist ' model of deradicalisation . 
  so far , it 's been remarkably effective . 
  in this week 's dateline , reporter evan williams meets jamal * , who several years ago says he was so angry with society he almost became a terrorist . 
  jamal 's extremist views started developing after a high school debate on islam . 
  jamal vehemently defended his religion against his classmates . 
  but the teacher interpreted something he said as a threat and the school referred jamal to the police . 
  the ordeal resulted in jamal getting suspended from school , and his home raided by police . 
  he told dateline that he was made to feel like a criminal , when he had n't broken the law . 
  as a result he surrounded himself with other young muslims who shared his feelings of isolation . 
  they watched radical sermons online and talked of jihad . 
  before long , they were planning to leave denmark for pakistan . 
  `` in my mind i was like , ` they treated me as a terrorist . 
  if they want a terrorist , they will get a terrorist ' , '' he says . 
  but a phone call from one police officer changed everything for jamal . 
  the officer apologised , telling jamal his case was handled poorly , and asked if he would meet with a muslim mentor . 
  at first jamal was suspicious of the offer , but agreed to meet the mentor . 
  after several meetings and long conversations about the unique difficulties of being muslim in denmark , jamal began reconsider his views . 
  all it took was someone to reach out and offer empathy and understanding . 
  in jamal 's case , a punitive , disciplinary response from authorities to suspicions he was becoming radicalised , only further radicalised him . 
  what turned him away from extremism was the offer of an open hand . 
  the genesis of the program known as the ` aarhus model ' was a stream of calls to police from parents whose children had fled to syria . 
  superintendent allan aarslev and his team considered how they would respond . 
  `` we had a number of options , '' he told dateline . 
  `` we could prosecute them all if we can find evidence , however those we could n't prosecute , what should we do about them ? '' their answer was to reach out to men like jamal and give them another chance . 
  in denmark , many muslims whose parents were born overseas feel they are outcast from the rest of the population . 
  police in aarhus recognised this may be the main source of discontent driving young muslims to extremism . 
  faisal mohamed works with young muslims in aarhus -- many who live in gellerup , a neighbourhood on the outskirts of the city -- and says the feeling of isolation they experience can be dangerous . 
  `` a lot of immigrants face difficulties maybe with the language , or the lack of networks , the lack of connections with the broader society , '' he says . 
  `` growing up as a young person you feel alone actually , and trapped between two worlds . '' these are the feelings that caused jamal and his peers to develop extremist views . 
  three of the young men jamal was radicalised with ended up in syria -- two were killed while the other is still there . 
  jamal believes if it was n't for the aarhus model program he would be there as well . 
  according to jamal 's mentor , patience is the key to de-radicalisation ; `` it takes a long time to be radicalised , but it also takes a long time to be deradicalised . 
  it 's because they do n't feel like , ` i 'm a part of this society ' . '' but this approach focused on nurturing reformed extremists has drawn criticism . 
  danish politician naser khader , a muslim born in syria , says it sends the wrong message . 
  he believes the ` hug a terrorist ' models tells young muslims ; `` go out and do something criminal , be jihadis , you will get a lot of privilege from the society . 
  that 's wrong in my opinion . '' this view is more common in other western countries . 
  the conventional government response to threats of extremism is generally harsh and firm -- confiscate passports , issue jail terms and publicly attack anyone considered a threat . 
  but can a softer approach change the minds of potential radicals and stop them before they act on their thoughts ? 
  * name has been changed . 
  `` right wingers are disqualified by default '' . 
  by the way , in which areas is fremskrittspartiet the most popular ? 
  ca n't find anything like a political norwegian map on wikipedia . 
  [ 1.5 ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/05/germany-now-expects-up-to-15-mln-migrants-in-2015-report ) in 2015 alone , which makes it highly plausible that germany received at least 2 million refugees under angela merkel 's chancellorship ( is this even a word ? 
  millions , not hundreds of thousands . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  it 's the no . 
  1 redneck stereotype . 
  dixiecrats and dems were essentially two different parties . 
  you ca n't really compare fdr and jfk with george wallace . 
  afd is the answer . 
  get over your damn history . 
  just because you lost does n't mean you have to be submissive for ever . 
  germany is a great country made out of some of the best people in the world . 
  here in eastern europe , we all but worship the german stereotype . 
  if germans would stand for the interest of their own tribe , europe and in the long term the whole world would be better for it . 
  california , new mexico and nevada were all republican once . 
  the famous , white , conservative sprawling sun-belt . 
  and then diversity happened . 
  it 's wealthy whites and latinos who are pro immigration . 
  not to be a dick , but was n't it supposed to be green ? 
  [ here ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ddtd41bvoaavpuk.png:large ) is the most important graph in the world . 
  libya does n't really exist atm . 
  usa killed it . 
  yeah , let it all on germany , and then freak out when they reopen dachau . 
  never forget : gaddafi was holding this back . 
  but the beloved us foreign policy had to fix that . 
  just like they fixed iraq . 
  sweden has given `` protected identities '' to residents who have returned to the country after fighting for isis in syria and iraq to ensure locals do n't find out they are jihadists , it 's been claimed . 
  according to expressen , sweden is protecting the identities of swedish residents who once fought for the islamic state , a measure normally given to people who are under possible threat . 
  the newspaper claimed that a 27-year-old former isis fighter , walad ali yousef , had been granted a protected identity by the swedish government . 
  yousef reportedly joined isis in 2014 and shared photographs of himself posing with ak-47 rifles , encouraging others to join the fight . 
  he had complained that because of the pictures he 's having trouble finding work . `` i am looking for many jobs but can not get one because my pictures are out there . '' another known isis fighter who has apparently received protection from the government is a 39-year-old bherlin dequilla gildo . 
  he 's currently living under a new identity , breitbart reported . 
  gildo is known for having shared pictures in 2012 showing him posing with dead bodies in syria , claiming they were `` assad 's dogs '' . 
  he reportedly played a direct part in killing syrian soldiers . 
  according to various estimates , there are a further 100 swedish isis fighters still in the region fighting , sparking fears that they will try to return home to sweden at some future point and take advantage of the precedent which has been set . 
  `` the really dangerous ones have not come back yet , '' said terrorism expert magnus ranstorp . 
  `` the vast majority may not do anything , but they are still a danger to the authorities and it must be managed . 
  it is important for the police to be able to prioritize this area so that they do not become dangerous for society . '', 
  [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dez3j9ov0aa4l4d.png:large ) is the most important graph you need to see in order to understand geopolitics . 
  thanks macron for having the courage to bring it up !, 
  based on this , reevaluate your opinions on when the migrant crisis will stop . 
  i got downvoted for saying facts can be offensive . 
  i love how you used `` male '' as an insult . 
  you forgot `` white '' , `` straight '' and `` privileged '' btw . 
  the entire sub argued for at least one month on how discredited it was . 
  the fact that is offensive should n't matter . 
  truth can be offensive . 
  and the idea that sam harris is alt-right is laughable . 
  just because something is offensive , does n't mean it 's wrong . 
  murray is a political scientist from harvard , for christ 's sake , not a david duke figure . 
  that 's a very recent development , since sam had charles murray on the podcast . 
  and he had murray on the podcast due to events at middlebury . 
  the / samharris sub is pretty decent . 
  or slate star codex .
