  netanyahu and soros are ideological opposites when it comes to immigration . 
  not all jews think the same . 
  fair points . 
  call me old fashioned , but do n't mess up something that has already became iconic . 
  it 's almost cultural terrorism . 
  sorry , i do n't understand . 
  yes . 
  hating the middle class ( bourgeois is n't the 1 % ) and hating the jews are completely different . 
  he is not even from syria , but eritrea . 
  these people are bullshit artists abusing the european system . 
  they 'll be an ever growing issue and it 's depressing . 
  well , that 's at least logically consistent . 
  no , the communists in germany did n't , yet communism worldwide did kill a lot of russians and chinese people . 
  we will destroy ourselves before they get the chance . 
  not to be inflammatory or anything , but as an eastern european i ca n't for the life of me see the difference between us anti-fa / black block and the bolsheviks before the russian revolution . 
  i 'm not saying a communist revolution is coming , due to different political contexts in the present , but do they really have the moral high ground ? 
  or are these people pro- lenin , pro- trotsky . 
  why are n't communists outlawed as well ? 
  would n't that be fair ? 
  god no !, 
  then we mightve never had napolen the 3rd to renovate paris . 
  god no !, 
  then we mightve never had napolen the 3rd to renovate paris . 
  i know they were against the civil rights act . 
  you said the magazine was founded for this sole purpose , which is wrong . 
  top tier reddit bullshit . 
  of course you do n't have any proof . 
  it does n't . 
  you 're kidding , right ? 
  tbh , if the republican party did this , it would be a stroke of genius . 
  cancel out mexicans with eastern europeans . 
  national review is mainstream conservative and highly respectable . 
  http://www.nationalreview.com/corner/449035/looting-google-when-mercantilists-turn-theft another article with american views on the recent fine . 
  so you 're technically bellow sea levels and have a drought ? 
  why not just ... uh ... use the ocean water for the pool ? 
  finally something that makes me like macron . 
  so everything from google earth is visible from space . 
  it was a compliment . 
  i agree with you . 
  no , the decline is slow , yet it 's just a matter of time until london and paris have the quality of life of baltimore . 
  based israel is based . 
  ah , i see you 're a well read man , fellow moldbuggian . 
  probably he was just really dumb . 
  do you need a licence to be undead in sweden ? 
  asking as a transylvanian . 
  this sounds a lot like cameron style politics though . 
  let 's get the referendum !, 
  nothing bad is gon na happen ... oh shit !, 
  can somebody explain italy please ? 
  does that make it any better ? 
  but america does have problems with muslims . 
  even if you let alone 9/11 , there was the boston marathon , orlando pulse shooting ( largest mass shooting in us history , so is not just another mass shooting ) , fort hood attacks , garland texas , etc. 
  heck , the iman that indoctrinated one of the uk recent attackers is in dearborn michigan . 
  wtf , but puppies are cute . 
  what sort of monster would burn this ? 
  unguru mare cave , right ? 
  are n't romanian phone plans some of the best in the world ? 
  thanks america !, 
  they call france `` the frank reich '' . 
  if i could , i would . 
  if only they were open minded enough to see the benefits of diversity , as france and the uk are enjoying at this very moment . 
  yeah man . 
  it 's not that they are insignifiantly small , they integrate because of how good at integration romanian society is . 
  this is why gypsies are doing so well and are integrated too !, 
  and now you can see muslims even in small cities in romania . 
  hip hip hurray . 
  we 're getting culturally enriched like everyone else . 
  but you can . 
  fdr is still viewed as a hero . 
  the main reason he got away with so much is because of how brilliant of a leader he was , removing the opposition , consolidating power , ignoring the courts , etc. 
  why are people in the uk suddenly conservative ? 
  is it due to immigration or welfare state related ? 
  probably some german lost his wallet . 
  you 'd always think vegas is way further to the south from new york , but apparently not so much . 
  also seattle north of montreal , toronto and quebec city even . 
  meh , our commies did it to gypsies and the sky did n't fall over . 
  must regain lebensraum, 
  couple that with sterilization of the prison population . 
  mccain is the kinda guy to want to wage war with all strongmen to compensate for his frustrations because he was tortured by viet cong . 
  his desire for war all the time at all costs is straight up pathological . 
  yeah , what 's wrong with this ? 
  ideology matters more than citizenship . 
  private entities ca n't discriminate either . 
  try not catering to a gay wedding to see how that goes for you . 
  are these mandatory ? 
  does the penis inspector knock to your door and find out if your penis meets the state imposed standards ? 
  because they will never integrate . 
  look at minorities who live in countries for hundreds of years and still cause issues . 
  plus , you mentioned camps , not me . 
  all i did was give examples of incentives for them to leave . 
  someone was saying that it 's because norwegians have a muslim to infidel ratio that is lower . 
  and i was pointing out that nope , norway has a high terrorism rate due to breivik , who was a white supremacist . 
  b-b-but trump just sold saudi a shit ton of weaponry . 
  breivik was a white nationalist . 
  ban arabic , ban the niqab , ban all muslim immigration , ban the construction of new mosques and destroy the current ones at the rate of 25 % of the initial number a year . 
  legalize anti-muslim discriminaiton , profile muslims in all context that involve large crowds , use state sponsored tv to tell them they are not welcome here , cut their access to welfare , mandatory minimums and 3 strike laws for sexual assault , and sterilize the prison population , where in some countries they are over-represented . 
  yeah , i know . 
  it 's crazy and illiberal , but like i said , i 'm far-right . 
  are you saying we lack the technology to keep them out ? 
  i highly doubt it .
