  heck , if we have the will , we could make them leave without even removing them ourselves . 
  yes . 
  if they 're not here they ca n't commit terrorism on us . 
  it would have to be all out war , which they lack the capacity to win . 
  do you believe terrorism will stop once isis is defeated ? 
  the 90s were bad for yugoslavia because of diversity anyway . 
  and europe is n't safe now because it 's nation states are diverse . 
  it 's safe because of the eu and nato . 
  and when it comes to communism , that is something you can recover from . 
  you can never recover from demographic change though ( short of a reconquista and the spanish inquisition ) . 
  ask the native americans . 
  i know . 
  i was talking about how his solutions will last for a while , and then muslims will call those racist too . 
  whatever man . 
  if the status quo does n't bother you , just sit back and enjoy the future . 
  it 's only getting better . 
  and by `` better '' i mean more and more houellebecqian . 
  but it does at some extent . 
  because once they moved in you and them share a legal system that prevents you from discrimination and `` hate speech '' . 
  they 'll require equal representation in diverse positions of power , meaning they can be your neighbor , your boss and who knows what else . 
  and you 'll have nothing to do at the level of your personal life to avoid this fatal collapse in your quality of life . 
  you 'll never know if whoever is under that niqab is holding a suicide vest . 
  you 'll never look at large crowds the same . 
  political conversations wo n't be about scientific research but about how women ca n't walk alone on the streets of paris and stockholm and how being bothered by that is racist . 
  your kids will get bullied in the neighborhood school for being white . 
  terrorism is not the crucial issue . 
  it 's just the manifestation of the islamization of europe . 
  what makes you think that as more and more muslims move here , europe wo n't start becoming more and more like the hell hole that is the middle east ? 
  demographic change in the united states turned entire neighborhoods to what is essentially enclaves from 3rd world countries , were homicide rates are just the manifestation of a larger problem . 
  and nothing is more existential than demographic change , because you simply ca n't come back from that . 
  i 'm talking about 50s up to the 80s or 90s . 
  meh , in that case , just accept the bleak future already . 
  i mean , more anti terrorism infrastructure and better integration would last a bit , while making everybody miserable and lack the capacity to stop the problem , then the islamic population will gain political power and call those measures racist . 
  and then you 're screwed for good . 
  just accept that liberalism does have an underlying dogmatic egalitarianism that leads to these sort of attacks . 
  and in a way , by your refusal to see that some cultures are extremely worse , you in fact do own part of the blame . 
  just like islam , dogmatic egalitarianism has consequences . 
  if the explosion in terrorism and gettoization does n't spell decline to you , then we simply have differences in perspective . 
  at what point do i get to sacrifice personal safety for gdp growth and praise that as progress ? 
  just because neocons were bad does n't mean the left was right . 
  europeans should start listening to some sam harris . 
  these people are not clinically insane . 
  if you accept islamic premises , what they 're doing is completely rational . 
  they 're not stupid , they 're not schizophrenic , they simply decided at a fundamental level that you , as a normal , wealthy infidel are the enemy . 
  letting them in is as stupid as it would 've been for the us and uk to receive outspoken self-identified nazis during wwii . 
  well , look , liberalism seems to be failing too . 
  so we probably should look somewhere else . 
  look . 
  i 'm far right at the extent that i think europe was way better when it was mostly native european . 
  would you say that if a party was patriotic , not pro-russia , but rather pro market , pro welfare state , but in the same time would create efforts to de-islamize his country , that would fine ? 
  it 's almost as if they occupy roughly the same geographical location . 
  why do n't you ask the uk ? 
  transphobia is when you think all transylvanians are vampires . 
  bisexuality is trans-phobic because it assumes there are only two genders . 
  it should be called pansexualism . 
  so they 're trump ? 
  easy for you to say , aryan boy . 
  this feels like twitter all over again . 
  so they 're common sense nazis ? 
  it is rumored that juncker 's lips have magic hair regrowth abilities . 
  check out basescu 5 years from now . 
  turks probably got bored of it already . 
  maybe istanbul is full of mcdonald 's and chinese food . 
  annexation incoming . 
  anybody from austria care to explain if fpo is just a vanilla party for reducing immigration or actual nazi wannabes ? 
  twitter is n't helpful . 
  according to it , apparently they 're both `` common sense '' and have direct roots to the actual fucking nazis . 
  am i the only one who sees hitler ? 
  edit . 
  nope . 
  not by a mile . 
  you guys need to learn from sweden and just straight up ban the statistics . 
  this way , they 'll stop bothering you . 
  so calling a politician corrupt and a traitor is censurable now . 
  does that make you feel comfortable ? 
  if you zoom in on the picture , you 'll notice there are multiple flags . 
  dude . 
  ny times was pro-ussr and some writer even received a pulitzer prize for describing the ussr in a disgustingly positive light . 
  it was us leftists that gave the atomic bomb to the ussr . 
  the country was filled with left-wing anarchist and cp usa members for the entirety of the 20th century . 
  joseph mccarty was mostly right about communist double agents . 
  and now , the best thing of all , the republican based calls an ex-kgb agent `` based putin '' . 
  yeah , you guys are weirdly rusophillic and rusophobic at the same time . 
  americans only hate commies of any stripe if they 're from places like tennessee . 
  in brooklyn , princeton , san francisco and seattle , they love it . 
  you got ta read your solzhenitsyn . 
  he was n't too fond of western leftists and did n't see much of a difference between them and commies . 
  `` there is no famine or actual starvation nor is there likely to be . '', 
  -- new york times , nov. 15 , 1931 , page 1 `` any report of a famine in russia is today an exaggeration or malignant propaganda . '', 
  -- new york times , august 23 , 1933 `` enemies and foreign critics can say what they please . 
  weaklings and despondents at home may groan under the burden , but the youth and strength of the russian people is essentially at one with the kremlin 's program , believes it worthwhile and supports it , however hard be the sledding . '', 
  -- new york times , december 9 , 1932 , page 6 `` you ca n't make an omelet without breaking eggs . '', 
  -- new york times , may 14 , 1933 , page 18 `` there is no actual starvation or deaths from starvation but there is widespread mortality from diseases due to malnutrition . '', 
  -- new york times , march 31 , 1933 , page 13, 
  haha . 
  so `` hate speech '' is not about protecting minorities and victimized groups , but rather politicians . 
  who would 've guessed . 
  to be fair , all the good architecture in france was built under monarchs . 
  the republics gave france la defense and saint dennis . 
  compare that to haussmann 's stuff .
