i prefer the current one . 
  their 's and turkmenistan look like persian rugs . 
  [ i think i 'm seeing some of it . 
  yeah i suppose that 's a good point . 
  it 's expensive as hell too , so the people , usually conservatives , pushing for it are just trying to satisfy blood-lust . 
  here in the us we 've executed people on flimsy evidence and it turned out later that they were innocent . 
  we killed at least one retarded man . 
  in my state of az a prisoner 's lethal injection was botched and lasted almost an hour . 
  that is all abhorrent , but executing brievik ? 
  i feel less bad about it . 
  i 'm not saying he should die , just that if the death penalty is used on anyone , it should be him . 
  i 'm fairly left-wing and i am a little torn about it , but if anyone deserves to die it 's breivik . 
  he 's a mass child murderer . 
  those words should never go in the same sentence . 
  i have no idea , i do n't speak russian . 
  it 's posted over in r/russia though , i took the screenshot this morning.they might be able to explain it . 
  here 's that untitled page https://pp.vk.me/c629414/v629414202/42b18/gki8_o38j0k.jpg, 
  xaxa , i thought it was because i 'm a dumbass and left my tabs open . 
  and damn , i thought it was kind of funny , 
  maybe someone could use paint and redact the info on my tabs , then resubmit it ? 
  shit , i 'm on my phone and ca n't edit anything ; should i delete my post ? 
  az here , can confirm, 
  i think so too . 
  easier to get crap food from the 99 cent store and order from the dollar menu at taco bell . 
  [ they did have some in 1956  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ffzo6vn.jpg ), 
  who needs bread when you have tanks ? 
  \u0414\u0430 \u0442\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0449 , i suppose you are right . 
  and besides , nepotism is a much nicer word than `` corruption . '', 
  what ? 
  i 've only lurked there for a little while now but you seemed like a fairly consistent poster , and never said anything inflammatory so far as i could tell . 
  because i believe you 've mentioned that over in r/russia . 
  and yet they still banned you just for pointing out corruption !, 
  you know i 've come to realize that nationalists are more or less the same , whether it 's `` murica fuck yeah ! '', 
  wait were n't you from russia at some point ? 
  i was imagining a wristwatch that detects radiation !, 
  oh i know it gets annoying . 
  i 'm from az , we 've got lots of conservative old people . 
  the nationalism bugs me too , it 's just strange to imagine not having it shoved in your face all the time . 
  heck , i went to a pizza place on friday and the guy playing the organ decided to do the national anthem . 
  everyone in the place stood up for the duration of the song . 
  yeah that is pretty small . 
  weird . 
  we 've got them in public parks , school classrooms , car dealerships , in front of schools , in front of the larger supermarkets , and so on . 
  haha i expected as much . 
  interesting . 
  here we have places like carmax . 
  they 've got hundreds and hundreds of cars of all sorts of brands , toyota , ford , vw , etc. , all in the lot . 
  speaking of watches , were all such watches produced by elektronika or did they have different brands ? 
  i feel stupid for imagining saunas floating in the air ... 
  do you know how the old textbooks justified the takeover of the baltic countries ? 
  or the war with finland ? 
  our textbooks always seem to have some justification or other . 
  i had not even heard of those so i 'll have to take your word for it . 
  all the russian history we learned dealt with the cold war . 
  by the way , did you grow up during the occupation ? 
  same here for the us . 
  i learned a lot of what i know from sources other than my textbooks , like howard zinn 's * a people 's history of the united states * and * lies my teacher told me * by james loewen . 
  truth be told we did n't cover too much in history class , stopped learning after world war ii . 
  the point about the partitions is what confused me ; did n't prussia have a big part in as well , not just russia ? 
  and conflict was mutual back then was it not ? 
  i recall reading that the poles occupied moscow for a while . 
  my parents still do that for some reason . 
  thank you , i will check it out, 
  i think the downvotes are because of 2 main reasons : 1 . 
  multiple waves of central asian people definitely did live in and conquer southern russia , but i 'm not sure we really know the extent of admixture . 
  i think your timeline is a little messed up . 
  the mongolians themselves did n't come until sometime ( i think ) after 1000 . 
  on the other hand turkic peoples and others from asia * were * there much earlier , including the huns . 
  your being downvoted but i think you 're right . 
  the rus , whatever they were , coexisted with all the people who invaded them other the years , including iranian and turkic people , e.g. 
  edit : for clarity i mean he 's right about asian origins and looking different , not about his specific claim regarding the mongols . 
  i 've read some of nicholas riasanovsky 's * a history of russia * and he seems to think that the prominent view among scholars , the viking origin that is , is n't all that well supported . 
  the primary chronicle lists a lot of rulers and diplomats and what not with nordic names , but other than that he says there is n't too much evidence . 
  that 's what i was thinking , too . 
  that and the photo of the kid . 
  i mean the photos look so recent and yet all of these people died years ago . 
  a day off ? 
  how much do you have to donate ? 
  i 've donated at school blood drives and they just sent me back to class after they were done . 
  yeah , and i 'm not expecting any freezes this year . 
  heck , none of the plants have changed color or lost leaves . 
  the grapevines , flowers , pomegranates , etc. 
  are all the same as they were throughout the summer . 
  ya i hear you . 
  i 'd love to move someplace colder than arizona . 
  we just dipped below 90 f and it felt amazing . 
  i 'm wondering , exactly what were relations like with * weimar germany * ? 
  and were the soviets convinced that they would attack again , even before hitler came to power ? 
  fascinating read , thanks for the link !, 
  in my american schools we never learned about any of that besides the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  well then do n't . 
  i 've seen some very large and powerful women . 
  like the author said the number would be small but if you keep the standards the same i do n't see why it should be an issue . 
  now , i 've heard of some places letting women who ca n't carry the appropriate amount of weight being allowed to become firefighters . 
  that sort of thing is scary and unacceptable . 
  someones been reading david icke , 
  thanks , i appreciate that . 
  i made a world war one album recently with like 500 photos . 
  i 'm a little obsessive i think haha . 
  normally i suppose it would be haha but for whatever reason i 'm bouncing back and forth between the wars .
