but you serve it cold , right ? 
  latvia is no potato . 
  only politburo and hunger hallucination . 
  not really rare , but they do n't stand out from the bulk . 
  fries are the usual fast-food thing , but if you eat homemade , there are roasted slices , there are young `` baby potatoes '' , there are mashed potatoes , wedges , dry-roasted slices , baked potatoes , boiled with the skin on , mashed then roasted - with such a variety there 's not much room left for generic fries . 
  because potato salad is not really popular in poland . 
  there 's `` vegetable salad '' that includes potatoes among many veggies , but they are maybe 10 % of the content . 
  but potatoes are usually eaten hot . 
  a way to scam you out of more money . 
  they are all the same stuff . 
  yeah , you can sometimes find red potatoes here , a not very successful stab at some extra money , but they really do n't taste any different and there 's really nothing you can do with one kind that you ca n't with another . 
  maybe except [ kumpir ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=krakowski+kumpir&amp;num=30&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewia9vl_gvzkahxmfswkhaudafwqsaqirw&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=868 ) which requires huge potatoes . 
  otoh you can buy most of potato products ready-made . 
  potato pancakes , pyzy , kopytka etc. 
  they are never as good as fresh homemade though . 
  also , most of polish vodkas are made with potatoes . 
  btw , if you ever make a campfire , wait till the flames die down and bury some potatoes in the embers for some 15-25 minutes . 
  nothing beats the smoky scent , you cut through the thick crust , salt it , possibly put a little butter on the potato , and eat it . 
  do n't mind the `` dirty '' look , it 's been thoroughly sanitized by the fire and it 's delicious . 
  and it probably does n't even include processed potato products . 
  i do n't eat that much potato , but the instant potato puree from aldi is cheap , very quick to prepare and efficient - ten dinner portions from a box for some 5pln to go with some meat and salad . 
  never mind vodka ... 
  i think you will change your mind once you see the state they will leave them in . 
  what exactly is being built that will benefit future generations once the immigrants go home ? 
  it 's the [ broken window fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) . 
  the difference is that illegal immigrants to the usa do n't get $ 50mln per person from the government . 
  `` first safe '' - if it 's not stable , it 's not safe . 
  ( yeah , sure going to happen . 
  such a loving , open , tolerant nation . ), 
  kuwait saudi arabia egypt cyprus and hell , why not iran ? 
  besides , what about the stories of families that were given homes , a warm welcome and safety in hungary , only to pack at night and run , only to be found a week later in germany ? 
  afraid that somebody 's going to bomb hungary ? 
  i agree that lithuania at that time was a `` wild country '' , but there should have been more effort towards reducing the disparity instead of aggravating it . 
  you expect isis to conquer turkey in a blitzkrieg anytime soon ? 
  polish nobility being given lands in ukraine , and treating the locals like shit , own slave labour . 
  the typical `` colonial rule '' style with all goods and investments done for the kingdom , and the `` allies '' contributing a lot of wealth they produced , and getting hardly anything in return . 
  it was a massive wealth distribution disparity . 
  the `` kresy '' area was not treated as an equal in the union , but as a vassal . 
  it 's not really all that visible when you look at it from polish history side . 
  there was no malicious oppression , no active fight against the ukrainian nation - it was just that it was as if it did n't exist . 
  no influence , no wealth , no independence - and no actual chance for own national identity . 
  and it lasted for centuries . 
  it was never nearly as cruel as what upa did against poles , but upa was a very bloody , very violent , but a fairly short episode . 
  polish oppression , while never nearly as hard , lasted ages . 
  still missing the point . 
  it 's not about a willingness to issue a work permit . 
  it 's about willingness to play host for people who shun obtaining one , and demand freebies instead . 
  one ukrainian i knew had a problem . 
  and so my best source of cheap spirits dried out ... 
  a significant difference between an immigrant and a refugee , is that a refugee travels to the nearest safe zone to wait it out , trying to survive the crisis . 
  an immigrant will travel across half the continent to the country which will provide best economic opportunities . 
  so , where 's the highest traffic of refugees across the syrian-german border ? 
  wrong question . 
  which immigrants ask for asylum but not work permits ? 
  it 's entirely different if they pick honest jobs , and different if they squat in state-provided houses and make demands for more welfare and more rights to override the local culture . 
  and you can guess which are more welcome . 
  but written in polish . 
  kinda schizophrenic relation . 
  i wonder how you feel about jagiello . 
  i felt he should have pushed for more lithuania influence . 
  it should have been a true union of equal influence , might have curbed some hubris of polish szlachta . 
  quite a lot ukrainian workers in nowa huta . 
  going home by tram from work every evening with quite a group . 
  poland has badly screwed ukraine over the ages . 
  ukraine got quite a bloody revenge around the iiww times . 
  i think it 's high time to bury the hatchet , apologize ( yes , i apologize to ukrainians for all the fuckups and hubris of my ancestors ) and end the bad blood between us . 
  are you really of opinion there are no countries between syria and europe ? 
  crumple it into a tight wad . 
  poland gets booklets . 
  i can - but you know , `` trust people , but look both ways when crossing a one-way street . '', 
  so - our ending conclusion , while likely in agreement , is not encouraging : we do n't know . 
  we wo n't know . 
  we can do nothing to change that . 
  edit : can i have your sources ? 
  every single source for germany i was able to locate was 2011 or older . 
  any newer articles only cite the old sources . 
  where is the new data ? 
  there is no proof the rumors are bs . 
  there are multiple clues to the contrary . 
  you repeating the same mantra over and over does n't change that . 
  `` i hear rumours from actual swedes that your rumour is bs '' i hear rumors from actual swedes that support the rumor . 
  `` the data is useful to swedes , just in a different manner . '', 
  besides the obvious `` conceal the problem from others '' i do n't see how it is useful . 
  you never provided any explanation * how * , just repeat the mantra . 
  the stance of sweden is `` the problem does n't exist , there is no data to support your claims , and you are misinterpreting our ( useless ) data . '', 
  `` first lessen the gap for what counts as rape second not count rapes that were later found to not be rapes . 
  even if it was reported as wife raped by spouse 10 or 100 times through the year . '', 
  - i agree . 
  regardless , providing separate counts of valid rape reports and actual rape incidents should n't pose any difficulty . 
  a single big aggregate number with zero granularity is absolutely useless , and given reports of the incidents are filed electronically , that 's a couple hours with excel to provide a detailed breakdown by type of incident , number of reports and so on . 
  someone 's unwilling to do so . 
  that stance you mention , is total bullshit !, 
  ( not what you say , but the stance ) . 
  this is an absolute schizophrenia , first to count everything is rape , persecute rapists !, 
  and then go `` blah , most of these are when someone groped a girl at a bar , no rape problem at all ! '', 
  first water down the definition so much it 's encompassing minuscule misdemeanors , and then dismiss a very serious problem `` because these are minuscule misdemeanors '' . 
  you know why red cross is so strongly defending the red cross mark , as to point to legal threats against game authors ? 
  because they care about maintaining its significance , never letting to water it down through misuse - so that in wartime it 's respected , exclusive to actual use . 
  what sweden did to definition of rape is turning it into a joke . 
  i do n't think the data is useful for swedes .
