[ ericsson 868 ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=ericsson+868&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmi1pe_8ovtxwivy1usch2o-gs5&amp;biw=1092&amp;bih=713# ) , 
  yes !, 
  yesterday i watched `` vikingar '' , ( bbc documentary from 2012 ) on svt2 , with neil oliver and must say i love his voice . 
  sometimes you cant understand anything during the first half of his sentences , but you will , when they are finished . 
  and it sounds so beautiful . 
  so basically 8 different positions on how sweden want to treat immigration . 
  lots of empty speech about a generous policy that will benefit the economy , humane policy that focus on the individual , totally open borders , only accept what the un quotas are etc etc. 
  good , now , what are their plans for integration/housing/language / jobs ? 
  all that link tells me is that there isnt a broad support for any common immigration policy , or how to take care of the ones coming here . 
  which will only prolong the status quo, 
   pretty much all right wing parties want stricter requirements for immigrants really ? 
  what requirements would that be ? 
  besides from jan bj\u00f6rklunds recent call for immigrants to learn swedish , which he could have done something about during 8 years in office . 
  i genuinely want to know . 
  from g\u00f6ran persson to fredrik reinfeldt we have hade the same policy ( if not looser ) , and done nothing to improve integration . 
  okej , since we both have cakedays , i 'll let it slide . 
  did she notice you , or more important , did she recognize you ? 
   the united states is the oldest state in the world seriously , according to whom ? 
  i know . 
  its for lots of reasons . 
  but the solution to the situation will be the end of much hesitance as to whom controls the area . 
  now is the time to say and act in the war in order to come out of it with as good position as possible . 
  when its over , it will cool down ... 
  i hope , 
  primary because the syrian war , as a conventional war , soon will end . 
  and that war , i believe , have been whats fueling aggressive rhetoric and much political posturing between russia and the west . 
  but since crimea and the ukrainian situation is ongoing , i think its safe to assume we wont be the friends we were 8 years ago but still better than we are now . 
   you share a 1,340 km long border with russia , you are n't part of nato and you are n't interested in joint eu defence policy ? 
  that should tell us all something , dont you think ? 
  finland being the expert in this case . 
   and it 's clear who 's the enemy of the eu army i dont think its that clear tbh . 
  sure they are political opponents but i think that the political posturing today will scale back to pre-2013 levels soon , which was more healthy for european development , including russia . 
  our morals , i 'd say . 
  must be lightly concentrated rain deposits of some sort . . 
  probably . 
  tjeckien in swedish, 
  i 'd say they are more infamous . 
  and seriously , churchill ? 
  yeah right, 
  i 'm a nail , so i do have a point . 
  must be difficult to jump on a ship in portugal och sail to a gathering of mud huts in africa and claim it your own :d, 
  you are not proving me wrong , you are simply proving that you think the word `` intentionally '' somehow erases the fact that the uk time and time again are bombing civillians and beef up rebels with training , training that later comes in hand when they use it on civillian populations . 
  if you think putin , for example , is a bigger war criminal than tony blair you are really proving that you are just a sponge when it comes to domestic propaganda and lies . 
  when the uk bomb a complex with terrorist and civillians it 's not a crime , no , because you did it with good intentions . 
  but when assad or russia does the same thing , killing terrorist and civillians , then it is a crime and they are the bogeyman . 
  war criminals !, 
  it 's frankly disgusting thinking . 
  if invading other countries , bombing civillians and arming rebels makes you a bogeyman then the uk fits the bill too . 
  the only thing i dont know the uk has done is shooting down an airliner , but there might be one person out there that might prove me wrong . 
   less than 1 % of swedes approved of trump i find this very hard to believe . 
  were did you get this percentage from ? 
   what are they fleeing from in france french ? 
  we are equal . 
  tell me why you think we are n't equal ? 
  i use it . 
  and about 50 % of my friends , men and women alike . 
  unfair taxation . 
  they supposedly offered a better deal to some companies and not others . 
  i never shake someones asshole . 
  if that is how you feel we all should do , deny terrorists disproportionate reactions , then we should either burn the terrorists body and never reveal who it was or we should throw the body in a pool of shit and never reveal who it was . 
  just like most countries wont stand for salafists to start a political party neither is any other countrys citizens or religiously motivated groups allowed to . 
  all french should grasp this , or have i gotten it all wrong ? 
  i love all kinds of fungi :d i might call fru merkel , but not in the capacity as a nato member , i just want to talk to her . 
  yes ... but how ? 
  they stop at every passanger ofc, 
  turn their boats back . 
  you do n't know why they do that ? 
  i could explain it to you , in short and simple text , if you want me to . 
  i agree wholeheartedly . 
  we are not vikings anymore . 
  we are now a peaceful and progressive country . 
  try to keep up , whoever you are . . 
  it isnt . 
  many unaccompanied teens from morrocco lives here illegaly . 
  some are roaming around in stockholm for example , causing unrest in different ways . 
  the swedish government is trying to ( or have reached ) an agreement with morocco to accept them back into the country , but they resist ofc . 
  raggare-land , 
   the main story here should be that most of the muslims there support terrorism what !, 
  do they ? 
  do you have a source for this ? 
  troll back to r/t _ don please . 
  you lack in-depth thinking and have totally missed the big picture . 
  applause . 
  there is little will to write about success in the media , it doesnt sell as well as fearmongering and doomsday news :(, 
  what does one have to do with the other ? 
  do you like every celebrity that exists for example ? 
  rather good . 
  have you heard differently ? 
  / union worker, 
   sweden should sue him no thank you . 
  the sort of people that listen to him and believe him doesnt belong in sweden , and we certainly dont need those people investing money here , because with investment comes influence . 
  short question , short answer . 
  yes . 
   does n't sd like the welfare state ? 
  if you look at how they voted on economic issues in riksdagen the past 8 years . 
   are n't they your precious `` pragmatic left '' ? 
  definitely not . 
  same were i work . 
  turkish and polish drivers most of the time , arrives a day early , and subsequently get to spend the night on the side of the road . 
  ( not because of nationality ) why polish and many eastern european truck drivers gets hate in sweden is because many of them drink and drive or have such bad tires that they cause severe traffic accidents .
