  yes , the root cause is decade long mismanagement in greece , but merkel 's austerity fanaticism has n't helped either . 
   request for elaboration on the pushing . 
  did he push her down some stairs or push her in general ? 
   that 's exactly what i said : unless it 's in their personal interest to do it , they wo n't do it . 
  depends a bit . 
  the thing is that it 's currently quite low on most people 's agenda , but it 's there . 
  and the support for gay marriage is between 66 and 75 percent in germany . 
  once that reaches 80 + or so there will be simply not enough weight on the other side of the scale to prevent it from tipping . 
   and sometimes people vote against the party line , as that is their constitutional right . 
  it 's their constitutional right here , too . 
  but they do n't do it very often because they need their party to secure their seat . 
   is the cdu really trying that hard to appease such a tiny amount of the christian right ? 
  kind of . 
  it 's simply not a topic many people feel strongly about and the cdu currently has mostly a problem with losing right wing voters , not on the left wing . 
  if there was indeed a public debate with lots of people demanding a change , it would happen ( after all about 60 % of cdu voters are in favour of gay marriage ) , but at the moment no one really seems to care . 
  with refugees , rising right wing populism and halve the world going nuts , there 's little time for issues like this . 
  it 's also important to notice that our constitutional court regularly increases the rights of civil unions . 
  once a year or so they declare another disadvantage civil unions have compared to ` real ' marriages illegal . 
  hence it 's expected to a matter of time before one of their rulings explicitly demands marriage for all . 
  i 've actually read that many in the cdu want exactly that to happen . 
  this would allow them to neither lose voters on the right nor the left . 
  not doing anything has basically been merkel 's mo for most of her chancellorship and i have the feeling that she 's not the only german politician using that strategy . 
   there is no reason for cdu to impose on spd to vote against it . 
  another thing i 'd like to add : they do have a reason . 
  the cdu made a lot of concessions to the spd . 
  one deal was for example that the cdu would vote for dual citicenships , which most of the party is against and lots of other things . 
  it 's more or less the way it 's done in every country that does n't have a ` winner takes it all ' principle with votes . 
  if seats are distributed proportionally to the number of votes , it 's quite unlikely that a single party will get more than 50 % . 
  hence parties with similar-ish views have to create a government . 
  there 's simply no real alternative , if you do n't have a two-party system . 
   spd deputies are n't free to vote for it ? 
  in theory they are and a few probably would vote for it , but in practise it 's almost certain that most of the spd would vote against it or at least abstain . 
  party discipline is important to get stuff done and avoid gridlocks . 
  breaking their word like this would make them untrustworthy and then bite them in the ass when they want to compromise on another issue . 
  the only windows of opportunity i can see is the time when a new parliament has been elected but the negotiations for a new government are n't finished yet . 
  but even that 's far fetched . 
  the only example i can remember is when university tuitions were abolished in hesse ( a state ) . 
  maybe we could get minority governments like in scandinavia . 
  where some parties tolerate another one governing . 
  the spd could get their candidate through with the help of the linkspartei ( left party , socialists ) and then try to either ponder to the cdu or the linkspartei when they want to do something . 
  that would actually make things more intersting and might be a way to keep a real oppostion alive even with the afd in parliament . 
  but it would also require a change in political culture . 
   why have n't the greens , die linke and spd passed it ? 
  they have a majority . 
  because the spd has a coalition-contract ( `` koalitionsvertrag '' ) with the cdu . 
  it 's actually standard for parties who elect a government to agree beforehand on what they want to do . 
  gay marriage was n't part of the deal . 
  it would certainly get through parliament if it there was a vote without ` fraktionszwang ' ( politicians are generally expected to vote with their parties majority , if they did n't follow , small majorities could n't govern ) , but that 's not how it works . 
  in the end it 's simply not a topic many people care about here . 
  by now it 's just embarrassing . 
  even the americans were faster . 
  well , i think we were the kind of [ the same country ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holy_roman_empire ) back then . 
  at the time prague was more or less the capital of germany ( it 's also home of the oldest german-language university ) . 
  europe is kind of a small place ... 
  and dangerous . 
  having professionals process your meat does n't only safe you the trouble of killing the animal but also protects you from infections . 
  [ pork tapeworms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/taenia_solium ) are something an amateur butcher might not notice . 
  generally , people getting too close to animals - especially their blood - is the reason for pretty much every dangerous infectious disease . 
  a so called [ zoonosis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zoonosis ) , like for example aids , rabies , ebola or tuberculosis is a disease humans contracted from another species . 
  these diseases have n't adapted to humans ( yet ) and therefore often kill their host , which in turn kills the virus/pathogen as well . 
  ` traditional ' human diseases like the common cold or herpes may be annoying , but they wo n't kill you . 
   you eat carps at christmas , too ? 
  i thought it 's only our tradition . 
  i think it 's relatively wide spread in lots of europe . 
  even some people in germany do it ( though it 's only one of many allegedly traditional christmas meals , others being goose and for some reason , potato salad ) . 
   germany does n't have freedom of speech . 
  americans forget that . 
  that 's a bit of an excageration . 
  i mean , the us have laws punishsing certain forms of free speech too . 
  against child pornography or [ talking people into committing suicide ] ( https://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/06/16/texting_teen_guilty_of_manslaughter/ ) . 
  the latter for example would be perfectly legal in germany ( provided you do n't deceive people into believing they 'll survive the killing themselves like in the [ sirius case ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/siriusfall ) ) . 
  and i 'm pretty sure there 's no such thing as a gag-order in german law . 
  it 's also important that in the us freedom of speech is n't so much a right but a regulation that prevents certain laws from being passed . 
  you can be fired for racist statments . 
  in germany that would only be possible if these statements were either illegal or your political opinion is important for your job . 
  your opinion enjoys similar protections as your religious affiliation . 
  so it 's different here , but i 'm not even sure it would be correct to say that freedom of speech goes further in the us . 
  [ press freedom certainly does n't . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/press_freedom_index ) . 
   why not just go to the us embassy and demand to be returned to a country with free speech and freedom of expression ? 
  well , the general consensus in germany is that we tried the `` let fanatics roam in peace they wo n't gather enough followers '' route already . 
  did n't work out so well . 
  hence now democracy is allowed to strike preemptively . 
  anyway , going to an embassy would n't help him . 
  if there were a reason to lock him up , he 'd still be in jail . 
  in reality however he has almost certainly been released directly after questioning and might have already left the country . 
  it 's not like being drunk and stupid would get you a jail sentence here . 
  usually these things do n't even go to court . 
  he 'll get a fine or forfid his bond by leaving the countr . 
  both nothing that would cost him more than a couple hundred bucks . 
  regarding drunken idiots , well , is n't public intoxication illegal in the us ? 
  i mean , given that american arrest records are public etc. , behaving like he did might actually have fewer consequences in germany . 
  yeah , i propbably should have mentioned phrased the `` certain conditions '' part it bit better . 
  i tried to expalin in an edit that courts are indeed quite strict on that . 
  towards the wallet scenario , well i think that is actually quite controversial . 
  who flies with 10 robbed euros might lose their life , their health and later the compensation court case as well . 
  so yeah , i would n't advise shooting someone for 10 euros and i think it 's likely illegal , but i 'm by no means sure about it . 
  and `` normal '' violence without that does n't cause death of disability is quite certainly legal . 
  if it 's indeed the last resort etc. 
  yes , he was .
