  on the one hand no one in their right mind is proud of the atrocities committed under colonialism . 
  on the other hand , it 's indeed impressive that a few small countries simply took over the entire globe . 
  so while the the actions are indeed nothing to be proud of , the abilities that allowed for these actions might be . 
  well , language is often inherently stupid . 
  i agree with you that these headlines are ridiculous , but what can one do ? 
  if enough people use it in a certain way , the definition changes . 
  hence america no longer means north and south america ( now usually called the americas ) but the united states of america . 
  and what is a continent ? 
  that part is n't really clear in every case . 
  especialyl with islands and such . 
  and does it really make sense to draw a border when one and the same country is in two continents ? 
  it 's as if africa were n't just a single country with a homogeneous population and only one culture . 
  well , again , it depends . 
  if you want to be absolutely precise , sure it is n't . 
  but in many cases people are n't precise because the context is clear and i 've often read articles in which `` europe '' was used as a synonym for eu . 
  kind of ? 
  almost ? 
  they tried to ? 
  according to most comments here it was apparently more an occupation than a real colonization , since they only held for five years and never really got to exploiting its resources . 
  yes , that would be an option , too . 
  no , not really . 
  i did n't mean my last line to be entirely serious , but apparently that does n't work well together with my flair ( or me just not being funny ) . 
  well , i guess it depends on how you mean ` legally ' . 
  of course there 's no legal definition saying that a south american region is part of the continent of europe . 
  on the other hand , you can use europe synonymous to european union ( like america for usa ) and even besides the eu , there are other european organizations , like the [ council of europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe ) ( all european countries exept belarus and a few mini states ) . 
  so if it comes to european laws , almost all should apply in french guiana . 
  hence if you understand legally as in ` legal framework applying ' it 's used correctly . 
  well , there 's a difference between colonization and occupation . 
  but , yes one could see it that way , especially since the map shows ethiopia as a former colony . 
  and we fire our missiles from there . 
  yeah , it 's always a bit hard how to draw such maps . 
  especially since geographical , cultural and political borders often do n't coincide . 
  e.g going by continental plates reykjavik is in america ( well mostly , parts of it might be on the border ) and most of russia is n't in europe by any definition . 
  it 's simply easier to decide on a state-by-state basis and then colour it according to that . 
  please not that discussion again ... 
  according to [ your link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/macedonia_ ( ancient_kingdom ) #involvement _ in_the_classical_greek_world ) they had strong connections the the rest of greece and spoke a dialect of greek , but we 're not necessarily considered greek by the rest of greece . 
  hence greek-ish is probably a very good description . 
  was n't it essentially an us-american colony ? 
  the us sent freed slaves there and acted as a protecting power . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberia#early_settlement so it was basically a recursive colony . 
   there were people throwing rocks at the camera in this video . 
  do you really think they 'll respond to any perceived attack on their culture with anything but violence ? 
  that 's exactly why i 'm against vigilante-groups . 
  the police is trained and equipped to handle this with the appropriate force . 
  a group wanting to protest islamists via direct confrontation would likely attract people from the neo nazi milieu and then we have violent fanatics on both sides . 
  if they fought it out on some remote field somewhere i would n't really mind , but the way these things usually go is that someone gets caught in the middle . 
  do n't get me wrong , the current situation is bad , but still , it could be worse . 
  and civil war is worse . 
  yeah , most of us are helpless . 
  but i in that instance even being a professional street-figher would n't have helped . 
  unless you can win a fight against 10 guys on your own , there was no choice but fleeing . 
   plus if french men actually go and do something about it you 'll hear about gangs of neo-nazis attacking poor helpless migrants well , if they started male-only groups confronting these religious idiots , that would likely not be too far from the truth . 
  discrimination is bad , but answering it with violence would make it worse . 
  what 's needed is a form of confrontation that does n't incite violence and finding that balance is hard . 
  to be fair , this requirement ( or at least the technology behind it ) was written about at least a bit in the press . 
  it 's interesting to most of us , because it 's likely to come to passenger cars , too . 
  it 's basically is a first step to self-driving cars . 
  iirc similar systems exist for cars already , but are n't mandatory and tend to be less restrictive . 
  for lorries the technology is more useful because they tend to be more expensive - hence the additional cost of a safety system does n't play as much of a role - and because they 're heavier than cars . 
  if you 're sitting in a light car , you may have the option to swerve , hence an automatic brake can be a problem . 
  in a lorry the vehicle 's computer has a much easier time to recognize that braking is the only option . 
   however closer union is just the reality of this eu . 
  pretending otherwise is just being in denial . 
  well , for most proposals every single eu country has a veto-right . 
  hence it 's quite unlikely that an ever closer union will happen if not at least a huge majority of states is in favour . 
  what 's likely is an increased cooperation between certain groups of states . 
  just as already happened with the euro . 
   this is wrong , the electoral college was taken into account in all serious studies . 
  what ended up happening is that clinton lost a bunch of states she was supposed to win . 
  the thing is that no one ruled out that trump would win or that the uk would leave the eu . 
  sure the polls suggested something else , but if you looked at the numbers it was never reported to be a clear thing . 
  iirc directly before the election the likelihood of trump winning was assumed to be 30 % or so . 
  hence few people expected it to happen ( 70 %  30 % ) , but it was always regarded to be a very real possibility . 
  yes , and under eu laws it already is in many ways . 
  there 's the right to be forgotten . 
  i 'm not entirely about the specifics - news agencies/papers in germany have to follow stricter rules than entities who just provide a platform - but it 's quite clear that you have to act against illegal content . 
  the question is mostly whether or not you have to prevent illegal content from being uploaded by checking everything and how quick you have to react if you 're notified about illegal content . 
  the courts usually try to find some kind of balance between protection of personal rights ( against defamation and hate speech ) and the right of a platform to operate effectively . 
  usually it boils down to content providers using automatic scans before uploading content ( that 's why copyrighted music on youtube gets removed immediately ) and then having actual people delete stuff that has been reported . 
   not going to happen anyway , our constitutional court would trash that kind of law . 
  depends . 
  a lot of things that follow under the definition of ` fake news ' are already illegal , because they constitute libel or defamation . 
  hence a case like [ pizzagate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pizzagate_conspiracy_theory ) would lead to people being indicted and potentially arrested . 
  you can not really outlaw claims like ` the moon is made of cheese ' - the moon is hardly going to feel offended - but if you say stuff like `` ms k\u00fcnast murder '' you already risk being arrested . 
  so it does n't look like much is going to change . 
  all that might happen is certain offences prosecuted more often and that the pressure on facebook and the like to delete illegal content will increase . 
  the idea is that platform providers ( i.e. 
  facebook ) are responsible to curate the content . 
  hence the plan is to set a deadline until which facebook has to react and delete illegal content . 
  there were already issues with facebook , beside fake news , e.g. 
  mark zuckerberg is under investigation for aiding and abetting hate speech . 
  there are countries where you should be afraid of terrorism . 
  even in these countries it 's not likely to end up in a terrorist attack when you 're a local , but some terrorist groups do target tourists and foreigners . 
  that 's why for tourists for example turkey is probably a hundred times more dangerous than the rest of europe ( the risk is low nevertheless ) . 
  if a terror attack happens in europe or the us tourists tend not to be primary targets , that 's often different in muslim countries . 
   i think this should be `` homicide rate per 100 000 inhabitants '' . 
  to be fair , this kind of standardized for most ` bad things ' . 
  if you have statistics on rape , traffic fatalities or suicides , chances are that the numbers will be in x per 100,000 people and year . 
   unless finish it 's not that bad . 
  the overall murder rate in finland is only 1.6 , which is higher than in most of western and middle europe , but still much lower than the us ( 3.9 ) for example .
