  feeling nothing and lacking all motivation , is n't the state you want to be in when you want to execute an elaborate plan . 
  this is why anti-depressants increase the suicide rate for the time the medication starts to work . 
  taking them gives people energy . 
  in some cases the use that energy to kill themselves . 
  and even if you plan well , killing yourself is n't necessarily easy . 
  there are a few methods that have a high success rate ( firearms , trains ) , but for several reasons most people do n't chose these . 
  for example because they ca n't easily get a firearm or because they do n't want to make other people suffer ( train engineers are often traumatized due to suicides ) . 
  that leaves a of other methods that tend to be very unreliable . 
  doctors do n't often prescribe meds that make it easy to kill yourself . 
  in case of most sleeping pills you 'd need at least hundreds to kill yourself , opening veins or suffocating yourself is likely to fail as well . 
  so while you 're right that people only crying for help are much less likely to succeed with their attempt , there 's still a significant amount of survivors who actually wanted to die . 
  well , usually these things are only prosecuted once they meat a certain threshold . 
  and since most go unreported that 's not an issue . 
  even if you 're found guilty , that would hardly mean jailtime . 
  fines maybe . 
  besides , yes , i do n't actually think that criminalizing it is a good idea . 
  there are low key measures that are more proportional . 
  nevertheless , the difference of the guy in middle school who showed you pictures of a decapitation to someone who 'd show pictures of toddler being raped , is smaller than you might want to realize . 
  sure , since it 's only one additional sharing of the pictures the overall impact is marginal and as it 's only done for the shock value of the pictures , there 's hardly a risk of someone being inspired to copy the crime seen in these pictures , but still , you do infringe on the victim 's dignity and you distribute something that 's evil . 
   nope . 
  fighting fascists is what defeats them . 
  it 's how we stopped the death cult in your country . 
  oh , i do n't disagree with that . 
  isis needs to be stopped and sadly killing them seems to be the only way to do that . 
  it 's just that pictures , information and propaganda play a role in the fight against them . 
  hence one should be careful not to play into their hands . 
  so while i do n't think that it 's good to criminalize mrs le pen 's actions , i still think that she did exactly what isis wanted her to do . 
  edit : better wording, 
  well , i never said i agreed with this law ... 
  besides , i think you 're underestimating the degree to which terrorism is a phenomenon of the time of modern mass media . 
  yes , they do want to kill people , but that 's not all . 
  it 's also about influencing politics and gaining supporters . 
  if that were n't the case they would n't take the huge efforts to publish these pictures and videos . 
  in earlier time terrorism as we now it today did n't really exist . 
  sure violent extremists were always around , but due to a lack of powerful pictures they usually chose different ways . 
  assassinations of important figures . 
  if you read what scientists write on the issue , you might actually get the idea that it were best if the media and the public ignored terrorist attacks completely . 
  of course that would be too much of an infringement on free speech and cause people to doubt the media even more , but it [ would also decrease the number of attacks ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/aug/01/media-coverage-terrorism-further-violence ) . 
  attention is by no means the only reason for killing people but it is one . 
  terror comes from the latin word terrere which means frighten . 
  and that 's what they want . 
  they ca n't kill us all . 
  but they can frighten us , which can lead to much more damage . 
  you 're right that the some fanatics from would always find reasons to kill people . 
  but that does n't change that there is ample evidence that distributing violent pictures to spread fear is one of their strategies . 
  and there are quite a few experts saying that this is one of the reasons why isis is so cruel : https://www.salon.com/2015/09/24/jihadi_cruel_as_recruitment_strategy_what_attracts_young_western_muslims_to_the_islamic_state/ http://www.spiegel.de/international/world/the-professional-pr-strategies-of-isis-in-syria-and-iraq-a-995611.html, 
  probably similar to the laws criminalizing child porn . 
  it infringes on the victim 's dignity because it may set an incentive for the people creating the picutres to commit further crimes . 
  do n't forget that what she was sharing was isis propaganda material . 
  she did exactly what they wanted . 
   so what 's the deal ? 
  she posted pictures of carnage from attacks ? 
  those attacks took place to play advocatus diaboli : just replace ` attack ' with rape of a child . 
  there are good reasons to not want pictures of crimes be spread . 
  it infringes on the victim 's dignity and it may actually set an incentive for further attacks . 
  isis wants to be known as cruel . 
  they want people to see these pictures , that 's why they publish them and that 's partially why they kill people in such cruel ways . 
  hence , a good point can be made that sharing these pictures in not better than sharing child porn . 
  now , of course there are other arguments - freedom of speech and the fact that her target audience does n't consist of islamists , but the law makes sense in a way . 
  and that has happened . 
  as it always does in functioning democracies . 
  these immunity laws are old and were meant as a protection against the government removing their political opponents with made up charges . 
  hence mps generally have immunity and the parliament has to lift that immunity . 
   why is luxembourg twice though ? 
  i can only assume , but usually these maps are made by always matching the closest country on earth . 
  since saxony-anhalt and thuringia have almost the same gdp that leads to the same country being closest to both . 
  budget and gdp differ quite a bit . 
  and it was from new jersey to florida , not new york . 
  the gdp of the state of new york is more than twice as high as the gdp of any german states . 
  it 's at roughly 1.4 billion dollar , so much larger than new jersey . 
  new york has about 20 million inhabitants and one of the usa 's highest gdp per capita . 
  it would probably look different if we used ppp data . 
  as far as i know rents in nyc are n't exactly cheap . 
   she does n't actually have much power over the country at all . 
  she used to have a lot of power because there was no one capable of replacing her . 
  i mean , theoretically parliament can vote for a new government anytime they want . 
  it 's just that replacing her would do a lot of damage to her party and hence she could do more or less what she wanted ( which usually was doing nothing , which for some reason increased her popularity ) . 
  ever since the refugees she 's become less popular with the right wing , and now the biggest left wing party has a popular candidate . 
  hence now her position is much weaker than two years ago . 
  but in the end , it was never her office that gave her so much power . 
  it was her position inside the political system . 
  she is n't even head of state . 
  in theory she 's outranked by both the president of the republic and the president of parliament . 
  and i 'm not even sure it was the wrong choice of words . 
  i mean , america was probably still considered new 25 years after its ` discovery ' and change the internet facilities in this world is far from over . 
  a king once banned coffee . 
  tried . 
  [ apparently his subjects did n't really care . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustav_iii_of_sweden%27s_coffee_experiment#background ) . 
  and it 's also based on ppp . 
  in real terms the difference is at about 12 % . 
  and it 's quite complicated to compare purchasing power . 
  if i buy burger in sweden , i do n't just get the burger but i also make a donation and pay for more humanly treated animals ? 
  sweden has one of the world 's highest rates of development aids and comparatively strict laws for farmers . 
  but that costs money and makes the burger more expensive . 
  hence it 's hard to calculate . 
   as silly as i find islamic gender discrimination , is n't that sort of a double standard ? 
  just because there are two sides to an issue does n't mean they 're equally valid . 
  the issue is n't about different customs , it 's about discrimination of women . 
  and forcing women ( but not men ) to cover their hair is discriminatory and plainly wrong .
