  though a suspended sentence of a few months is n't exactly harsh . 
  and you 're right , the courts do compensate the almost complete lack of a requirement to be proportional by being very adamant on the first two conditions for self-defence to be met . 
  iirc it works like this : 1 ) there 's an illegal attack going on ( notwehrlage gegeben ) 2 ) the self-defence action is necessary ( notwehrhandlung erforderlich ) 3 ) the self-defence action is justifiable ( notwehrhandlung geboten ) the third is mostly important if you provoked the attack or the attacker is n't fully responsible ( child , mentall ill ) . 
  the first and second conditions however are quite strict . 
  in sittensen case the issue was that he shot the fleeing robbers in the upper back ( apparently his shots hit the upper torse quite precisely ) . 
  the robbers were not enough of a threat anymore to justify not either giving a warning or at least aiming at the legs . 
  so the senior here failed at requirement 2 ) . 
  i know that case . 
  iirc the sentence was quite controversial and got reduced ( but not enitrely scrapped ) later . 
  anyway , the issue here was that the guy with the knife did n't follow the prescribed route of escalation . 
  it 's apparently very important that you * threaten * the use of a weapon first . 
  in this case he failed to do that ( bad ) and did actively conceil the weapon in his hand before striking ( worse ) . 
  he failed the `` necessity '' ( erforderlichkeit ) condition , because he could have used something less aggressive . 
  well , you would n't `` get away '' . 
  you 'd just not go away for such long time . 
  by the way , that 's a change legal experts have been demanded for decades . 
  the german law on murder was written by the nazi regime and is widely considered one of the most problematic ones still in effect . 
   that is not legal in finland and i would be very surprised if it was true for germany . 
  as i said , there need to be special conditions . 
  in normal cases the courts will find that either the attack was already over ( if you call someone an asshole the attack end with the last syllable ) or that you could have used less drastic means . 
  but in theory the german self-defence laws are almost limiteless . 
  i mean , it 's clear that you 're not allowed to shoot a child to stop if from stealing cherries from your tree but it 's not even sure that would be the case if the thief were an adult ( though it probably would ) . 
  please do n't get me wrong , i think that goes a bit far , but it 's what law students are told at university and then tell everyone because it sounds so crazy . 
   the law disagrees . 
  the las * probably * disagrees . 
  i mean , i 'm 99.8 % sure the assailant committed assault , but under very special conditions it might be self-defence . 
  it 's a ( fortunately ) little-known fact that german self-defence laws are among the world 's furthest reaching . 
  if someone infringes on your rights you 're allowed to do whatever it takes to stop them . 
  your reaction does n't even need to be proportional . 
  under certain conditions it can be legal to kill someone to stop them from stealing your wallet . 
  so * if * the hitler salute is an attack against you i.e. 
  meant to insult you , and * if * you have exhausted all peaceful options - i.e. 
  asked the assaillant to stop , threatened violence - you might actually be allowed to use force to stop them from keeping their arm up . 
   the law disagrees . 
  the las * probably * disagrees . 
  i mean , i 'm 99.8 % sure the assailant committed assault , but under very special conditions it might be self-defence . 
  it 's a ( fortunately ) little-known fact that german self-defence laws are among the world 's furthest reaching . 
  if someone infringes on your rights you 're allowed to do whatever it takes to stop them . 
  your reaction does n't even need to be proportional . 
  under certain conditions it can be legal to kill someone to stop them from stealing your wallet . 
  so * if * the hitler salute is an attack against you i.e. 
  meant to insult you , and * if * you have exhausted all peaceful options - i.e. 
  asked the assaillant to stop , threatened violcen - you might actually allowed to use force to stop them from keeping their arm up . 
  is that actually a normal sentence or just the maximum theoretically possible ? 
  i mean , in germany the maximum [ is three years ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/englisch_stgb/englisch_stgb.html#p0872 ) but a drunk tourist would certainly get away with a moderate fine . 
  it 's a bit more than a few hundred square miles . 
  1/4 of the north sea would be about 142,500 km \u00b2 or 55,000 square miles . 
  that 's about as much area as england and wales have combined . 
  that said , i do n't think building that many dykes would be a good idea either . 
  / r/arlot was so kind to link the source . 
  anyway , all in all it seems rather well done . 
  the only thing that bothers me a bit is that there was a `` it depends '' answer as a possibility while the numbers above only include a comfortablity of 7 to 10 on a scale from 1 to 10 and the answer `` indifferent '' . 
  but there are few cases where more than 10 % of people chose that option . 
  so all in all the numbers are good enough to give a general idea . 
   so getting them employed or educated is still a win , even if they later decide to go do something else . 
  especially since expats sending money home can help a lot locally , too . 
  combine that with the fact that the eu does at least some redistributing of funds ( could be more if you ask me ) and you get a win-win situation . 
   yep , it infuriates me that the super rich company has topay way lower taxes than i do . 
  companies are n't people . 
  so the question is n't how much a company pays but how much taxes there are on the way from corporate profits to the shareholders . 
  if there were a global capital gains tax of 70 % companies , i 'd be in favour of companies going tax-free . 
   there is simply no good reason for this mechanism to exist . 
  i would n't go * that * far . 
  i mean , you are * probably * right , but to be absolutely sure i 'd actually need more information and scientific studies . 
  what we have here is a classic economic problem the name of which i unfortunately ca n't recall . 
  in any case , it 's a trade-off between to option . 
  the first option to use a sort of institution , e.g. 
  a contract . 
  that would lead to a [ principal-agent problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/principal%e2%80%93agent_problem ) where the parties entering have different interests . 
  that causes so called agency costs . 
  the isp keeps you longer than you want to . 
  the second option would be a purely market based solution . 
  both parties can leave the contract at any time they chose a new one . 
  that causes transaction costs ( it changing contracts costs money , directly and indirectly ) . 
  in practice not having long-term internet contracts would for example lead to companies ceasing to offer customers incentives to swap their provider . 
  given how the telecom market looks in germany i 'm not sure it would help . 
  i mean , [ compared to canada ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/6ot88y/internet_speed_and_cost_by_country_oc/ ) costs for internet are quite low . 
  so * this * market is already reasonable efficient . 
  in general however you 're almost certainly right . 
  there are a lot of markets where competition is weaker and auto-renewals have a more significant impact . 
  with internet you can usually just have your new isp handle the cancellation and so on . 
  in other markets ( utilities , gyms , ... ) the level of competitiveness does look worse . 
  so yes , you 're * probably * right . 
  the issue is that there have n't been any consequences . 
  the fact that no one has been arrested over what probably is the largest case of fraud in german history is suspicious to say the least . 
   so what do you think would happen if a party in that state would run with the promise of selling all stakes in vw and cutting the ties ? 
  no , but for example they could propose a stricter line against fraud and clear statement that auto companies need to start building cars without combustion engines . 
  i 'm not asking for a `` revolution '' like in your scenario . 
  but a bit of evolution would be nice . 
   even if something is `` normal '' , it can still be bad . 
  absolutely . 
  in the context of an election it 's just not a deciding factor if it 's normal and everyone does it . 
  and in this case i 'd be fine with both approaches as long as it 's consistent . 
  towards the cable contracts : the one year maximum is already legally mandated . 
  i 'm not sure decreasing the maximum time further would help much with telecommunications ( all in all * that * market is already fairly competitive ) , but in many scenarios it would probably be a good idea . 
  though i believe that would be more of an eu jurisdiction than a local one . 
  they send the draft for an official speech to vw and vw send it back with annotations and change requests . 
  some of these were about technical/legal details and probably reasonable but a few were apparently about not toning down the criticism . 
  there are detailed lists of [ changes ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/stephan-weil-diese-rede-passagen-liess-volkswagen-aendern-a-1161593.html ) ( article in german ) and i do n't think the changes went very far , especially since this was just some speech in the state parliament , we 're not speaking about a contract where a few changed words could have significant consequences . 
  so the issue is n't so much the changes themselves but the fact that a private company ( albeit that 20 % of it are owned by the state ) was allowed to directly influence a speech about said company 's conduct .
