he 's kinda visible , because there 's a transparent section . 
  besides , it 's fairly certain that he 's not intending to throw bricks or something in this costume . 
  hence it 's not very likely to be prosecuted . 
  the staatsanw\u00e4ltschaft / prosecution has better things to do . 
  so has the police . 
   oh , i was talking about the uk here because it 's a uk minister but other european countries are n't much better . 
  france and germany want to ban encryption as well ( despite us voting yet another surveillance law ) . 
  well , we had one secretary who hinted that he did n't like encryption . 
  in the cabinet he 's probably the one with the most extremist views on this . 
  hence the chances of such a law passing here are extremely slim . 
  and even if , it would hardly be constitutional . 
  also : the hypocrisy of the eu you mention is due to it not really being one entity . 
  it 's the council ( i.e. 
  our governments ) that pushes things like privacy shield . 
  the judiciary ( mostly the ecj ) tends to see it much stricter . 
  hence safe-harbor was invalidated by court order ( and it 's likely that privacy-shield will suffer the same fate ) . 
  the right to be forgotten is based on an ejc ruling , too . 
  they even ruled data retention laws to be ( usually ) illegal . 
  the parliament and the commission tend to be somewhere in the middle as far as i can tell . 
  with the commission being closer to the council . 
  well , it was founded in frankfurt and spread from there . 
  so unfortunately most official ( i.e. 
  registered on the website ) cities are still in germany . 
  but there 's at least one in the netherlands [ ( amsterdam ) ] ( http://pulseofeurope.eu/amsterdam/ ) . 
  well , it was founded in late 2016 , so it 's about three or four months old . 
  but it did indeed only catch with serious media attention during the last weeks . 
   i thought it was the other way around : they do not gain the right to travel wherever they want , but they can apply anywhere - should they be able to get there , or be able to get their application accepted by other means . 
  well , yeah that 's the way indeed the way it is . 
  hence if they manage it somewhere they can apply there and not be punished for illegal entry . 
  it 's just that - at least in some cases - they can be denied entry at the border . 
  illegal entry is basically decriminalized for refugees . 
  it remains illegal but there are no consequences . 
  firstly , the problem of people not relocating to the countries where they get asylum is something that can be solved . 
  sure some people will try to evade the system , but if other countries are adamant about not paying any welfare and not granting people the right to work , that should be doable . 
  the redistribution inside germany for example works fairly well . 
  secondly , yes , it could have chosen a better article , but did n't have that much time to google too long . 
  here are few articles going into detail why the state in refugee camps in greece is n't acceptable ( links in german ) . 
  so apparently there were already fatalities . 
  though it 's admittedly hard to say to which degree the conditions in these camps are responsible . 
  a matter of fact is that the conditions are bad enough that deportations to greece [ we 're not possible from 2011 to 2017 ] ( https://www.google.de/?gws_rd=ssl#q=abschiebungen+griechenland&amp;* ) . 
  and it 's still not clear whether courts will allow it when the governments wants to restart these deportations . 
  thirdly , yes the percentage of morons among newly arrived is quite high . 
  kinda what one would have to expect when you handle people from a society that collapsed on itself , but generalizing does n't help either . 
  some are idiots , others do whatever they can to integrate . 
  hence the good old stick and carrot approach is likely the best way to go . 
  but that requires giving people a chance . 
  iirc they 're can not be punished for travelling further than they 'd have to ( direct from the persecuting country does n't imply this country being neighbouring ) , but they also do n't have a right to apply where they want . 
  hence while there may not be any repercussions for travelling to far , countries can sent them back too another country that is safe . 
  in the end , yes you 're right we need a europeanized system . 
  in practice it did n't even work out that badly . 
  most refugees ended up in the countries that have the resources to accommodate them . 
  so the chaotic travelling of refugees is n't * that * far away from what a fair system would have stipulated . 
   they are asylum seekers once they apply for it ( anywhere ) . 
  assuming they want to apply only in germany what 's their legal status/name while in transit ? 
  they 're refugees . 
  per definition of the [ refugee convention ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_relating_to_the_status_of_refugees ) anyone fleeing persecution is a refugee once outside their home country . 
  the ` asylum seeker ' status is something different and only applies once an application has been filed . 
  the eu has rules - the [ dublin regulation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_regulation ) - that state where a refugee first sets foot on eu soil is responsible for accommodating that refugee an processing the application for asylum . 
  hence in theory germany and other countries could send back pretty much every refugee back to the border countries of the eu . 
  but since the human rights standards in camps in these countries are often considered too problematic by courts and the huge number of refugees would likely over-exhaust the resources of these countries that 's not done very often anymore . 
  the problem with applying in greece is that the country lacks the resources to handle all these people . 
  we 're actually talking about [ people dying ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-lesbos-iduskbn14x24u ) here . 
  hence a distribution in europe is a necessity . 
  of course that should have be organized and not be based on people simply walking to a country , but that 's a different story . 
  well , bundespr\u00e4sident might actually be translated that way . 
  calling him president is about as correct as calling the queen of england queen . 
  neither has much real power but both are the highest ranking officials in their respective countries . 
  he was elected by the governments of the countries in the european union . 
  which in turn where elected by the parliaments of their respective countries which were elected by the population of these countries . 
  so while there may be two separating tiers ( one in systems with directly elected governments ) between the population and this election , he was very much elected . 
   i 'm fan of the current eu . 
  should i be happy about donald tusk ? 
  yes . 
  oh , i think the opposite is true . 
  first , having acute liver failure means that your case is urgent , that increases your chances to get a transplant soon . 
  the second thing is that your chances of surviving for a long time after the transplant are much better than with most other diseases . 
  clinical depression can be treated very effectively . 
  hence someone trying to kill themselves is much less likely to ` relapse ' than an alcoholic . 
  and unlike cancer there 's also no risk of metastasis . 
  so all in all , i 'd say the vast majority of people has worse chances . 
  these things are based on medical need , not on responsibility . 
  otherwise smokers , overweight people , people who eat red meat etc. 
  would n't get transplants either . 
  well , a liver transplant can save you , if you 're lucky . 
  yeah , but that requires ignoring your instincts . 
  the part of the brain that makes you recoil from pain is different from the part that makes you want to die . 
  you also need to cut quite deep when you want to kill yourself that way . 
  and there 's a good chance you 'll lose consciousness before completing the deed . 
  you ca n't build up momentum when stabbing yourself in the neck . 
  that idea sounds like a recipe to survive as a quadriplegic . 
  hence most people go for the main arteries . 
  if you open several of those that 's absolutely sure , too , but that requires continuing to work after the pain starts . 
  which is one of the reasons why it fails so often . 
  the injury activates your survival instinct and your primeval , adrenaline fuelled alter ego will save your life . 
  honestly , i 've never even heard of people committing suicide by stabbing the heard . 
  apparently it [ happens ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24189633 ) but it 's extremely rare . 
  usually anything used to commit suicide is quite abstract . 
  eventually , probably . 
  do n't forget , being suicidal is usually the result of clinical depressions . 
  people suffering from that tend to be bad at getting anything done .
