  the funny thing is that it works pretty much the same elsewhere . 
  at least here in germany your employer will only wire your wage after taxes and social security . 
  but technically it 's still your paying your taxes . 
  mostly because there 's things you can deduct . 
  we had ( kinda still have ) the same system in germany for a few years . 
  apparently took too long to cover enough people , so an overall minimum wage was introduced . 
   but to each their own !, 
   it probably has to do something with the fact that i grew up in northern germany and got used to not being hot . 
  now climate warming and me having grown insulating layers of fat , it 's become to warm here . 
  iirc it does n't even get dark for much lower , because dusk and dawn still merge into each other . 
   people must be very weird to voluntarily live there why ? 
  i 'm currently contemplating to take the next plane there . 
  i really do n't like heat . 
  snow and cold can always be handled by putting on clothers , but you can only take so many off . 
  well , technically the [ receptive form ] ( https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/risk/estimates/riskbehaviors.html ) is where most infections happen . 
  the issue at hand , though is mostly that you 're not having relations with a risk group ( i presume ) . 
  the idea is that any intimate contact with a risk group increases the risk of becoming infected . 
  and msm are simply one of many risk groups since they 're overproportionally affected ( [ in the us ] ( https://www.cdc.gov/hiv/group/msm/index.html ) 67 % of diagnosis but less than 5 % of population ) . 
  just as people from southern africa , sex workers , people who inject drugs and haemophiliacs ( not that the latter could donate anyway ) . 
  the thing is that for several reasons making the cut at ` men who have sex with men ' is the easiest . 
  firstly , the fact that you do n't sleep around does n't mean your partner is n't and people with cheating spouses often have no idea of the situation . 
  secondly , banning people outright is also easier than having them detail their intimate lives . 
  imagine you 're a serial cheater but go donating with your spouse ... thirdly , the infection rate is simply higher among men who have sex with men ( msm ) . 
  why that is the case , is n't really relevant . 
  if you have sexual contact with people in a risk-group you get banned from donating blood . 
  by the way , that 's not just msm that get classified for that reason . 
  depending where you are having lived in south africa ( hiv ) or the uk ( mad cow ) , having recently gotten a tattoo can get you banned from donating blood , too . 
  the main reason why there should n't be a controversy is simple : banning people from * donating * is n't discrimination . 
  donating blood is purely altruistic . 
  it 's something that does n't help you in any way ( provided any payments are - as they should be - not enough to pay for your time ) . 
  hence all our moral and legal rules against discrimination do n't apply . 
  thanks . 
  i always assumed there was a level below l\u00e4n , but apparently that 's not really the case . 
  anyway , i meant federal in the sense of national . 
  in many countries that 's the same , but it obviously does n't apply to ` old ' national states like sweden . 
  yep . 
  i appears that way . 
  i still payed in a museum this spring . 
  the change only affected the federal level , did n't it ? 
  since when is that so ? 
  i 've visited dozens of museums in sweden and ca n't recall one where adults ( well people above 25 or so ) would n't have to pay . 
  edit : found an [ article ] ( https://www.thelocal.se/20160202/now-its-free-to-go-to-swedish-museums ) . 
  apparently this just changed a year ago . 
  there is actually a french flag in the photo . 
  though it 's one with the european stars on it . 
  edit : and the lady at the left of the front row has a small french flag with a eiffel tower pinned to her shirt . 
   the qur ` an explicitly instructs women of the muslim faith to wear a hijab in the company of men ( many of whom do n't even want to ) except it does n't . 
  [ there 's only something about ` modesty ' in it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hijab#quran ) , but the it 's only clear on the issue of walking around topless . 
  the rest can - and often is - be interpreted differently . 
  besides , you 'll find more problematic rules in the bible than in the qur ` an . 
  simply because it 's longer . 
  old religious texts all incorporate a huge amount of barbarism . 
  the thing is that in europe most modern christians have a rather distanced view on it and do n't call for the execution of adulterers , homosexuals and a bunch of other people as [ leviticus 20 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=leviticus+20 ) stipulates . 
  many modern muslims have a similarly modern view on how to interpret the qur ` an . 
  those who take it literally are indeed a problem and among people in europe the percentage of fanatics is somewhat higher among muslims than among christians , but that 's not a law of nature . 
  american evangelicals are generally less tolerant than german muslims , at least when it comes to inter-relgious or gay marriage . 
  hence , as always , it 's incredibly important to differentiate and to not ostracise people who adhere to our values just because their religion has the same name as the religion of fanatics . 
   all those things cause a lot of harm to the stability of europe and are quite the opposite of a democratic approach . 
  and i have the feeling that most people living in germany do not see this the way i do well , no not really . 
  and i too , think that your view is a bit one sighted . 
  neither merkel nor many people in germany wanted so much influence in europe and merkel 's austerity approach is can be seen as an attempt to keep german involvement limited - after all it 's still about loans from the german taxpayer and most people here just do n't want to be involved in other countries financial troubles . 
  that said , i do n't agree with her approach either . 
  solidarity does cost money and in the long run austerity induced recession is probably more expensive than setting up infrastructure investment program . 
  your idea of the refugee crisis however is definitely false . 
  no one - including merkel - in germany ever invited people to come here without visa . 
  seriously , germany does n't even have a non-schengen border . 
  people simply fled to europe and then - understandably - went to the countries where they saw the best prospects . 
  every european country is bound by law to grant asylum , hence her government did n't have any choice whatsoever . 
  countries like greece and hungary were also not capable of accomodating the refugees according to human rights standards , hence german courts did n't allow sending them back to these countries . 
  the only case where she kinda had a choice involved a few thousand refugees already in hungary , which merkel allowed to cross the border . 
  from what i 've read the alternative would have been the hungarian police opening fire . 
  oh dear  in theory i should be working ... 
  anyway . 
  the reason that i 'm not too happy about direct democracy and the fact that referendums of any kind would be unconstitutional in germany ( on a federal level ) is that these things were historically too often used to serve to legitimize a dictator . 
  napoleon used one to become emperor , hitler had a few ( which were completely manipulated to be fair ) and so on . 
  the problem with referendums is that governments can simply use them when they see the time as right and that single-issue campaigns are too likely to come distorted by demagogues and liars ( i.e. 
  why the brexit happened ) . 
  there are good reasons to dislike politicians but at least they spend most of their time dealing with politics . 
  normal citizens are much more likely to misunderstand issues . 
  having a parliament dominated by people from established parties in between the people and power also serves as a buffer that prevents temporary outrage from effecting long-term politics ( that also has disadvantages ) . 
  it prevents people like trump . 
  towards the refugees : i simply wanted to explain statistical differences in the referendum . 
  in general the people who came to europe due to poverty or war are less educated than the people who ended up here because their company asked them to , because they fell for a tourist or because they studied here and stayed . 
  and in general , educated affluent people are more likely to fit in and less likely to support dictators . 
  they mostly stem from the countryside population in turkey that voted in favour of erdogan not from the city population that voted against him . 
  you can see this effect if you compare the us with europe by the example of immigrants from africa . 
  in europe these people mostly arrived illegally and are mostly refugees from war and or poverty . 
  in the us however recent immigrants from africa generally belong to the upper classes , because poor africans ca n't actually reach the us . 
  in case of german migration to switzerland , i doubt there was that much of a selection in either direction , since the border has been completely open for quite a while , the language is more or less the same and so on , hence i assume the group of german immigrants are a fairly representative cut of the german population , but i honestly do n't know enough to be sure about that . 
  btw . 
  10 % is a little too high . 
  according to wikipedia it 's only about [ 4 % ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/schweiz#einwanderung ) ( 15.1 % of 25 % ) maybe slightly more if you count in former germans with swiss citizenship . 
   what i 'm trying to say is : a vote does n't make a new reality . 
  trust the voters , trust the people . 
  yeah , if you spend time in a german history class , that 's not what you do . 
  my dear ancestors managed to get a 60 % majority to pro-dictatorship parties ( mostly nsdap , but also communists ) . 
  that disabled the parliament and got hitler into power and tens of millions died . 
  yes , it 's interesting to know how many people would agree with a measure that 's unconstitutional , but that 's what surveys are for . 
  there are simply cases where democracy has to be protected from the people themselves . 
  in switzerland direct democracy has worked for a long time , but your country also has been rich , stable and at peace for centuries .
