  i really ca n't say how bad this is . 
  on the one hand giving the subject of your speech a chance to tell their side of the story can be seen as both fair and necessary to avoid possible legal issues ( slander laws are comparatively strict here ) on the other hand this still seems like awfully close coordination . 
  so i hope some of the articles about this will deliver some context . 
  what actually is normal in such a context . 
   in the us people would already be spending some quality time in jails . 
  maybe . 
  though for example i ca n't recall anyone going to jail for not recalling [ faulty cars at gm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_motors_ignition_switch_recalls ) . 
  at least the us has a system of prosecuting corporations . 
  in germany that 's only possible if the eu gets involved . 
  honestly , at this point * anyone * going to jail would be less embarrassing . 
  economic crimes are the only types of crimes where harsh sentences do have a positive effect . 
  your average burglar or brawler does n't know how to make a precise costs-benefits calculation , but high-paid managers should . 
  so deterrence works for the latter . 
  hm , i think it would still be wrong in german , too . 
  it 's a participle construction and would therefore look completely different . 
  is n't it just a adverb missing ? 
  i 'm not sure whether `` caught coordinating with executives regarding his ... '' would be entirely correct , but it sounds better . 
  yeah , that 's what happens when business managers and politicians get along too well . 
  i honestly do n't think that the main problem is direct bribery ( and campaign contributions seem to have not that much of an impact here , an extended advertising campaign with attack spots etc. 
  would just alienate voters ) , but politicians being gullible when it comes to large corporations like vw saying what they need to protect jobs and tax revenue . 
  as awful as large scale lay-offs and bankruptcies are , [ `` sch\u00f6pferische zerst\u00f6rung / creative destruction '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/creative_destruction ) destruction is a necessity in capitalism 's renewal process . 
  instead of cuddling our economy to death politicians should concentrate maintaining a social safety net that minimizes the negative side-effects of change . 
  pet food is what old ( 1 year or so ) egg producing chickens usually end up as . 
  using other animals as food for pigs is illegal in the eu ( risk of mad cow disease etc spreading ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware there nearly market ready solutions that will solve the issue sunnish by only allowing eggs to be hatched that are female . 
  at the moment you 'll have to look around a bit . 
  there are certain races of chickens that can be used for producing both eggs and meat . 
  hence the males get to live a couple months before they 're eaten . 
  that 's less efficient , but it 's also a sellling point so some farmers use these races . 
  in germany there are labels like `` bruderk\u00fcken '' or `` bruderhahn '' ( brother chicklets , brother rooster ) . 
  i 've occasionally seen them in normal supermarkets and they should be easy to find in organic only stores . 
  according to my link there 's still a difference , but it does n't appear to be too big . 
  organic associations ( bioland , demeter ... ) have additional provisions , but that 's not covered by the eg-label . 
   i 'm just basking in having to return bio eggs for having unsafe chemicals . 
  i feel it proves a point but my wife does n't agree . 
  i think the best argument for bio/organic eggs is n't that they 're healthier , but that organic farms are nicer to the animals . 
  sure organic eggs be healthier but they could . 
  iirc they 're more likely to be contaminated with pathogens but still fewer antibiotics . 
  what certainly is different are the standards for the animals . 
  if you have any hope of finding eggs where the male chicklets do n't get shredded it 's with organic ( though most still do that ) . 
  organic chickens also [ at least twice as much stable space ] ( http://www.wwf.de/themen-projekte/landwirtschaft/ernaehrung-konsum/fleisch/warum-bio-besser-ist/biologische-und-konventionelle-haltung-von-legehennen-im-vergleich/ ) ( link in german ) and need to be let outside . 
  i 'm not saying that all organic farms do well , but it 's not only that the standards are stricter they 're also under more scrutiny . 
  well , they also lose whatever time and money they put into . 
  it 's basically the equivalent to buying stocks instead of bonds ( at least in the short term ) : higher risk , higher reward . 
  so again , in theory it makes sense . 
  and getting people to start up companies is extremely important for a dynamic economy . 
  sure , in their political role it 's great when unions push for more left wing policies . 
  i 'm just saying that whenever you 're at a negotiating table you have to be realistic . 
  by the way , leached off is n't an accurate description . 
  people investing money work , too . 
  the definition is that they create profits by bearing uncertainty and risk . 
  essentially their job is finding out where resources can be used the most effectively . 
  history has shown that an economic system based on private property is more efficient than one based on a central organization . 
  usually unjust distribution of abundance still leads to better results for the lower classes than just distribution of scarcity . 
  so the question is not whether or not we need the cow called capitalism but how much milk we can squeeze out of it via taxing the rich . 
  from all i know the systems we see in scandinavia are pretty much the best we can hope for in the foreseeable future . 
  it 's a simple fact that we live in a market driven world and if wage are higher than employee productivity jobs simply disappear . 
  it 's essentially what you learn to calculate in economics 101 ( i actually did ) . 
  factory does n't cover running costs ? 
  close down immediately . 
  factory does n't cover long-term costs ? 
  a little more complicated but closing down remains likely . 
  in the best case scenario these ` lost ' jobs are replaced with jobs elsewhere - usually in a country with lower wages - or robots , in other cases there 's simply one fewer producer and the rest can charge higher prices . 
  seriously , fighting against the rules of the market is a fight against windmills . 
  as long as the rules of the game stay the same unions going to far with wage demands and strikes risk their members ' jobs . 
  redistributing some of the money the upper class ` earns ' is a good idea . 
  but that has to be done on a large scale , i.e. 
  politically . 
  higher taxes on the rich everywhere are a good idea . 
  putting pressure on countries that allow people to do evade paying their share in taxes is a good idea . 
  for all i care that could include installing a naval blockade around jersey and building a wall around switzerland . 
  but for the love of god do n't confuse strategies that may work on a large scale with what 's helpful in everyday life . 
  more precisely : as longs as there is are profits or at least not serious losses . 
  believe me from a leadership perspective workers councils are annoying , especially if there 's money that can be shared . 
  it 's just that they generally know when to stop . 
  i have to admit that i mixed up the responsibilities of workers councils and unions a a bit in my previous post . 
  workers councils usually do n't do wage negotiating ( that 's still a task for unions ) but are more concerned with work safety and the like . 
  in companies with a strong workers council you wo n't be able to work unpaid overtime . 
  well , they 're building cars now ... 
  but yes , they appear to have embraced change and internationalized a lot ( dhl is an american company they bought ) . 
  even the other part of the former postal service , telekom , is doing surprisingly well . 
  i mean , they managed to get close [ $ 8 billion ] ( https://www.theregister.co.uk/2015/03/31/how_much_did_tmobile_make_from_failed_att_buyout_how_about_77bn/ ) from at&t for a deal that was stopped by the antitrust division . 
  not who you asking , but i think i can repeat some stuff i read . 
  usually it 's said that the employees being organized evens the playfield . 
  a company is a big entity which obviously has a lot of bargaining power . 
  hence workers bargaining together brings the result closer to what a perfect market would achieve . 
  obviously there are cases where unionising goes too far , e.g. 
  the union of germany train engineers represents a bit more than 10 % of deutsche bahn 's ( our main railroad company ) employees , but is still able to shut down the entire company and let public transport crumble in the entire country . 
  in other words they can ( could ? ), 
  enforce terms that were to the detriment of both the company and other employees . 
  so all in all , while unions are useful , i personally prefer the german solution of workers councils ( betriebsr\u00e4te ) which represent all employees of a company . 
  as far as i know they tend to be quite reasonable . 
  on the one hand they do very much fight for employees ' rights ( they 're being voted on by employees and ca n't be fired by the company ) while on the other hand they wo n't do anything that might jeopardize a companies survival and wo n't take risks people paid by a union might . 
  edit : that does n't mean that workers councils could replace unions under the current laws unions are still necessary for bargaining . 
  that 's why it took so long . 
  no representatives capable of speaking for all employees in a sector lead to no agreement being reached . 
  it really is . 
  the funniest thing ever to happen with it here in germany was with the negotiations for postmen . 
  in that case it was actually the employer side that pushed for high wages . 
  turns out that the formerly state owned postal service ( deutsche post ) saw it as an opportunity to safeguard its de-facto monopoly .
