  [ in 2015 they ran an ad campaign * against * immigration in kabul ] ( https://www.stripes.com/news/europe/germany-launches-campaign-to-deter-afghan-refugees-1.379170 ) . 
  aside from a few thousand people who were either relocated within europe and a few syrian refugees who were allowed entry some years ago , no refugee ever came here through an official channel ( which means that anyone who does n't get asylum or subsidiary protection can be prosecuted for illegal entry ) . 
   how about we focus on europe first before we focus on refugees ? 
  how ? 
  the refugees are already here and a few still keep coming . 
  there 's not much that can be done about it . 
  as long as we do n't abolish the european charter of human rights , the geneva conventions and pretty much every country 's constitution , there 's no legal way to get rid of them . 
  contrary to popular believe no european government ever invited a serious number of refugees ( only at the beginning of the civil war in syria a few hundred were flown in ) . 
  it 's just that these people are here and we have to deal with that . 
  the risk is n't so much that russia actually invades . 
  without the eu as a protecting power - and the eu 's militaries are several times stronger than russia - there 's always a faint threat in the air . 
  that threat alone can do a lot of damage . 
  combined with the economic power that russia has , it 's able to more or less control most of its neighbours policies . 
  it can quite easily push unilaterally beneficial treaties and prevent them from having too close relations to other countries . 
  let 's face it , the small countries around russia only have one choice : join russia or join us . 
  let me put it that way : if one european country decides that some country needs invading it 's probably a stupid decision by a trigger happy government . 
  but if all 28/27 member states actually come to this same conclusion , then there 's no doubt whatsoever that a war is a necessity . 
   i know i would n't die for the eu , but would be ready to die defending finland . 
  you 're aware that at the moment the eu is your main insurance against russia , are n't you ? 
  well , depends how you define ` die for ' . 
  the point is that tens of millions had to die until the survivors realized that a divided europe is a bad idea . 
   but you dont want to have everything built in germany , or people wouldnt pay to develop foreign industry . 
  yes , i know that that has to be prevented ( i believe i used the term ` unavoidable ' to describe the distribution of these contracts ) . 
  my point is that it happens too much . 
  the americans have similar issues with congress members only passing laws when it helps their districts etc. 
  it just that in the us it seems to be a bit less granular . 
  the distribution should be more long-term and in bigger pieces . 
  it would also help if these projects were seen as more international , regardless of where they 're done . 
  when you build stuff in france but 80 % of the workers are from other european countries , i would n't call it a french project . 
  again , i know why it is the way it is , and we ca n't change that overnight . 
  but i still think it 's inefficient . 
  hence the what we need is increased mobility inside europe . 
  yes , of course that happens . 
  and that 's why fundamental research is so important , but still , it 's a numbers thing . 
  if your program is about space exploration only a tiny percentage will be useful in kitchen appliances and vice versa . 
   there 's no instead . 
  it is a fallacy to say you have to pause a research program to finance an other . 
  not really , unfortunately . 
  sure , you can ( and should ) argue that the amount of money spent on r&d should be increased ( and the eu actually has a target of 3 % of gdp , which , last time i checked , only sweden met ) , but in the end even if the cake were bigger our resources would still be finite . 
  so in the end it 's always about distributing money . 
  and that should go to the areas where it can do the most good . 
   technologies developed in the space sector have commonly been found to be extremely useful on earth as well . 
  if it were just about that , it would probably be much more efficient to spent the money on technologies applicable on earth directly . 
  hence i 'm somewhat sceptical about the value of super expensive things like manned space exploration . 
  but in many , many applications having satellites in space is incredible useful . 
  gps and satellite tv and communication . 
  there are actually huge amounts of possibilities in that area , e.g having tiny , cheap satellites in a global grid to bring internet connectivity everywhere without the current lag of geostationary satellites . 
   if everybody did it this way , there would n't be esa projects . 
  unfortunately it 's already done like that to some extent . 
  the building of the satellites for the galileo program had to be carefully distributed to several companies and so on . 
  on the one hand that 's probable unavoidable and it 's fair that firms in all of europe get a share of the contracts , but on the other hand that 's one of the most important reasons why projects fail . 
  so it would be nice if they decreased the amount of politics involved a bit . 
  yeah , i know these rocks , beautiful , fun to climb but probably a pain in the ass if you want to farm ( or row a boat , i 'm still not sure why i never got shipwrecked ) . 
   the cold , big north in sweden is pretty much unpopulated . 
  not just the north , is n't it ? 
  according to [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_sweden#/media/file:swedishpopdensity.svg ) there 's also a nice , almost similarly empty area in the of the south . 
  what the fuck did you do \u00d6land and sm\u00e5land that halve the population emigrated to america ? 
  in the realm of antivirus europe is n't doing that bad . 
  f-secure ( finnish ) , avira ( german ) and bitdefender ( romanian ) all sell decent products . 
  and that 's just the companies i could tell off the top of my hat . 
  i think there are more . 
  unfortunately they 're all being targeted by the nsa ( that was actually in the leaks ) , but that 's probably still better than the nsa having direct access . 
  and while there 's a lot of spying by european agencies , too , their legal and technical limits are still magnitudes stricter . 
  edit : avast , avg and trustport are czech , eset is slovakian , g data is german ( and also advertises that ) , panda is spanish , sophos is british ( though that might be worse than american when it comes to spying ) . 
  so yeah , at least halve the available programs are actually from the eu . 
  well , technically it 's from stockholm , but is has been in berlin for a long time and is now technically in london ( though i think that 's mostly legally and thus might be reversed with brexit ) . 
   the problem is that most of them are no longer swedish companies . 
  well , spotify is still in sweden , whatsapp never was and with soundcloud and skype , the link to sweden was never that strong in the first place . 
  soundcloud was founded there , but was mostly set up in berlin ( and is now headquartered in london , though as far as i understand most of the operation is still in berlin ) and skype was originally developed by three estonians ( and as far as i remember had a lot of their operations in talinn ) . 
  apparently many of the people running europe 's economy are already using the freedom of movement it offers . 
   swedes go to denmark and germany . 
  yep . 
  i actually read articles about online stores in germany who run their websites in swedish . 
  apparently quite popular . 
  technically people buying there are responsible for declaring their purchases and paying the taxes due , but i have a feeling that 's not what most people do . 
  besides that , there 's indeed a lot of scandinavians shopping in northern germany . 
  which has led to some stores having swedish signs . 
  apparently many things are cheaper here . 
  not ( only ) due to lower costs of living and lower minimum wages ( i know the scandics technically do n't have any , but iirc that 's just technically ) . 
  well , re-allowing is n't the term i used because it was never allowed . 
  it was just not publicly known that it was illegal - at least in the opinion of the landsgericht k\u00f6ln ( medium tier court in cologne ) . 
  hence the doctor found guilty having committed assault/battery was at the same time acquitted due to an ` unpreventable mistake of law ' ( unabwendbarer verbotsirrtum ) , which means that he was n't able to appeal the court 's ruling ( you simply ca n't appeal your own acquittal ) . 
  so technically circumcision may have been illegal in germany from 1871 ( year the stgb was passed ) to 2012 . 
  that 's why i would n't use the term re-allowing . 
   fgm causes actual damage ( long term at that ) that is medicinally proven . 
  the thing with female gender mutilation is that there 's not just one kind of procedure . 
  most are indeed much worse than male circumcision . 
  but some forms are n't . 
  the who [ categorizes gfm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/female_genital_mutilation#classification ) in three categories i to iii and an extra category iv for procedures that do n't fit any category . 
  type i a ) means removing the clitoral hood which is the female equivalent of the foreskin . 
  the procedures in category iv vary a lot and while some are absolutely barbaric and have horrific consequences , there are also those that are mostly cosmetic . 
  so to avoid hypocrisy we 'd probably have to allow * some * forms of fgm , if the parents belong to a community where that is a religious/cultural norm . 
  not a nice idea if you ask me . 
  interestingly that and not the much larger group of muslims that would be the affected seems to be the main obstacle on banning it . 
  well at least in germany it was . 
  it actually was illegal here but after the first time that was actually decided in a court , it only took parliament a few months to pass a law protecting it . 
  did n't napoleon occupy spain ? 
  did n't work out too well for him , but still . 
   sure , it 's impressive but nothing to be proud of . 
  well , that 's kind of the crux of the problem .
