  hence i expect my country 's politicians to take a stand against it . 
   dude in what world is 15 % not a lot ? 
  that 's an enormous amount . 
  in this one . 
  i 'm happy to explain it again . 
  we 're not talking about someone 's salary here , but over gdp . 
  in the former case , sure it makes a huge difference , but gdp is something entirely different . 
  it 's a figure that 's was once conceived to calculate industrial potential to estimate who 'd win a war . 
  whether it 's really a good figure to measure economic property has been called into question again and again for about a hundred years by now . 
  it 's just that at the moment it 's the most widespread number . 
  but that does make it by no means accurate . 
  as i 've already said , a big portion - some 15 % in eu countries - of gdp is part of the informal sector . 
  you know people who do n't work legally , because they 're illegal immigrants or do n't want to pay taxes or because their job is illegal . 
  that part is estimated and added to the part of gdp based on official numbers . 
  and even the calculation of the officially available numbers is yucky . 
  there 's the famous example of throwing a stone through a window to facilitate economic growth ( that 's actually what happens ) . 
  then there are write-offs which make up ( iirc ) some 20 % of gdp . 
  those are more or less completely abstract and have little to do with reality in some cases ( it 's complicated and drastically depends on whom the numbers are for , in my country companies can actually submit different numbers for tax and for balance publishing purposes . 
  and they do n't submit the realistic numbers at all ) . 
  so the numbers in themselves can not possibly be very accurate . 
  but , enough of that , we 're not talking about the numbers themselves but about how useful they are to compare countries . 
  in that aspect however , they 're even worse . 
  in nominal terms these comparisons are based on exchange rates . 
  but exchange rates only depend to a very small degree of the value of goods you could buy with the priced currencies ( that would be fairly accurate ) but also depend on expectations , money politics from national banks , etc. 
  most importantly : the exchange rates are only calculated based on the tiny amount of money actually exchanged . 
  i can repeat the issue with ppp again , but you can also read [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_power_parity#difficulties ) on that . 
  though i think the article only mentions a fraction of the problems . 
  hence comparisons on gdp are based on inaccurate and - more importantly - very artificial numbers . 
  believe me , i 've spent far too much time learning about the issue to not know that no one ( including professional economical scientists ) actually knows what they 're talking about . 
  edit : regarding to spelling i actually do n't know what i 'm talking about edit 2 : i forgot my actual point : in case of missing accuracy one usually stops talking about precise figures but talks about orders of magnitude . 
  and two economies differing by 15 % in size are in the same order of magnitude . 
  one could actually argue that 15 % is n't that much . 
  at least in real terms it 's actually in the same order of magnitude as yearly fluctuations due to currency exchange rates changing . 
  measured dollar the uk 's economy ` shrank ' about 15 % since brexit . 
  ppp evaluations do n't have that much fluctuation , but they 're also not very accurate . 
  you can not always compare products . 
  you also should n't forget that a good 10 % ( in the eu , half that in the us ) of the economy is n't even registered officially ( informal sector ) . 
  so , no 15 % is probably around the margin of error if you count in systemic errors . 
  so it 's just as embarrassing as the thing with the fehmarn/femern-tunnel , where there were more than ten thousand complaints from germany and a few dozen from denmark ? 
  yes , but i 'm not overly confident that would be much better when we tried to get the energy through austria or switzerland . 
  i 'm not really comparing them . 
  i just wanted to illustrate that cheap energy is beneficial . 
  btw , the energy we 're talking about in iceland is mostly hydro , not thermal . 
  the latter is great for heating , but not * that * efficient to produce electricity . 
  yeah , we 're actually struggling to transport energy across germany ( wind is big in the north , but most consumers and industry are in the south ) . 
  getting energy over the alps or through the entire balkan would be even harder . 
  but , as other have said , cheap energy is good for industry . 
  heck , they transport bauxite from australia to iceland , because making the aluminium is cheaper there . 
  from the article :  this means a woman or girl has their case recorded by the nhs for the first time , although in many cases they will have been cut some years before but it has not come to the attention of doctors sooner . 
  this is just the number of people who are recorded to have such an mutilation . 
  since these people are n't necessarily children , there 's not always a case there . 
  the people responsible must still be alive , in range of the british authorities and have committed a crime under british law . 
  the latter may not be as easy as it sounds , because fgm is often done abroad . 
  and i think laws allowing for abroad fgm to be prosecuted in the uk are rather new . 
  when the victims are adults , they would also have to want to prosecute their parents . 
  i do n't think individual cases are reported to the authorities ( doctor patient confidentiality still exists ) and even if there was a criminal investigation , victims are still not obliged to testify against their own parents . 
  hence the only thing that can be prosecuted are recently committed cases against minors or adults who want their parents behind bars . 
  and in both cases proof is quite hard to get . 
  it 's usually a they-said-she-said constellation and since it 's not uncommon for such procedures to be done by people different from the parents , it 's very hard to prove who actually did it or that the parents wanted to mutilate their child . 
  iirc there also was a case where the judge acquitted partially because the damage done by fgm was n't worse than what 's done in male circumcision . 
  some forms of fgm are , much , much more gruesome than their male counterpart , but there are also forms that are very similar ( type i a ) or mostly symbolic ( some from type iv ) . 
  all in all , it 's simply one of the kinds of crime that 's hard to prosecute . 
   you 're forgetting about investment , as well as the fact that some companies ( say , vw ) produce in china for china which does n't show up in goods but capital flow and cross-finances car production over here . 
  it 's the numbers according official definition . 
  using a different form of measurement is misleading ( and does n't really have much to do with exports , only with money transfers ) . 
  but besides , that : yes , the current account does indeed look different . 
  so thanks , i did n't know that . 
   it just is n't a pure black and white thing no , of course not . 
  i just wanted to make a distinction between trust and other issues . 
  china is like a mobster who lives by his own code . 
  evil ? 
  absolutely . 
  but also predictable . 
  to be fair , roughly half of that is within the eu and in many ways the states of the us are about as big as countries in europe , so the comparison is a bit unfair . 
  at the moment it 's rather uncommon since unemployment is at a long-time low . 
  plus we have an overall positive trade balance ( just not to china which also exports more to us than it imports ) . 
  a couple of years the worries about lost jobs were very similar . 
  it 's just that the fact that new jobs appear where old ones are lost is publicised more , so the debate was at least a bit more rational and constructive than what we now see in america . 
   we have an export surplus with china . 
  no , we do n't ( edit : technically ) . 
  it 's at ** minus 20 billion ** . 
  we just have an overall positive trade balance ( which is n't good btw ) . 
  https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/250757/umfrage/deutsche-handelsbilanz-mit-china/ edit : the current account , however has a plus of [ a few billion ] ( https://www.bundesbank.de/navigation/de/statistiken/zeitreihen_datenbanken/aussenwirtschaft/aussenwirtschaft_details_value_node.html?https=1&amp;https=1&amp;listid=www_s201_b443&amp;tsid=bbfb1.q.n.de.cn.s1.s1.t.b.ca._z._z._z._t._x.n ) . 
  meaning that when you count in profits from investments , expats wiring money , etc. 
  more money flows into germany from china than the other way round . 
  to calm you down : it 's still very much a minority and it 's not entirely clear what ` partner we can trust ' means . 
  the russian government being fairly rational and opportunistic makes it unlikely for them to act against their interest . 
  hence one can trust that they wo n't cancel treaties that are bilaterally beneficial ( e. . g the gas for money thing ) . 
  trump on the other hand may actually make decisions that are plainly stupid . 
  so there 's a discrepancy between ` have positive opinion of ' and ` trust . 
  that said , the political right 's fondness of putin 's russia is indeed worrying . 
  when ? 
  whom ? 
  yes there is - for some reason - a widespread misconception that she did , but i 've yet to see any evidence of that . 
  if you have any evidence of such an invitation , please post a source but i very much doubt you 'll find a credible one . 
  the only thing that was ever done was letting a few ten thousand people from hungary inside the country . 
  mostly for fears that the hungarian police would open fire otherwise . 
  but even here we 're talking about people who were already * inside * the eu . 
  it 's sad that not making threats against immigrants is suddenly seen as an invite . 
  and the german government did even do that to some degree , e.g.
