  i reckon germans do n't view us too positively either , they just keep it to themselves . 
  we did n't ask for them to be here . 
  yes , the usual white romanian views gypsies extremely badly . 
  we tend to be a proud people and ever since we 've opened our borders , we 've been bombarded with reports of what the gypsies do abroad . 
  i agree we tend to scapegoat them , but you tell me what 's worse : a gypsy raping a teenage girl and then killing her , or an ethnic romanian fucking some people while away on erasmus , or living off of welfare , or whatever else . 
  it 's not even in the same league . 
  you ca n't tell me with a straight face we 'd be below fucking venezuela if it were n't for the gypsies . 
   racist romanian we 've lived amongst gypsies for 700 years , and they still did n't integrate into society . 
  perhaps that 's saying something about them , not us , cause yes , they steal , beg and rape here too . 
  dude , do you even know how fucking poor and corrupted we were when we shot ceausescu ? 
  we were third world level poor , average wage was about 60 euros/month . 
  now it 's 600 . 
  we were the most brutal dictatorship in the eastern bloc , comparable to north korea in its later stages . 
  our secret police was the most ruthless and brutal apart from the kgb . 
  no offense , but ceausescu made franco look like a democratic leader ( cause i 'm anticipating you 're gon na go there ) . 
  we 've tripled our gdp since 1990 and we became a functional , but flawed , democracy . 
  you say corruption is unacknowledged ... where were you when this sub was full of our protests against corruption in the winter ? 
  hundreds of thousands of people in front of the government building . 
  the other reason you cited is that romanian girls fuck spanish dudes while away on erasmus . 
  you say that like 1 ) we 're responsible for what romanian college-aged girls do abroad and 2 ) people from other countries do n't go on erasmus to fuck . 
  you 're deluded . 
   you 're not ignorant , you just have ill intent . 
  it 's not true , most westerners actually are ignorant . 
  they do n't think of us usually , but when they see a beggar they think `` romanian '' . 
  so that 's the only thing they associate with us . 
  we have quite similar standards of living nowadays . 
  in the 90s we were much poorer than them . 
  i 'm not sad because of this , if i were to let every instance of anti-romanian sentiment get to me i 'd be one depressed motherfucker . 
  i 've just chosen not to be that token `` normal romanian '' a western european knows . 
  sure , but get rid of the gypsies and we 're your typical eastern european country . 
  the reason we 're disliked more than the rest is cause of gypsy beggars . 
  westerners do n't give a shit about ee in general , they could n't care less about the region . 
  thus , when gypsies started pouring in and their media started calling them `` romanians '' , they figured those were the romanians , hence today it 's a generalised stereotype that we 're gypsies who live off of welfare . 
  i can somewhat understand why they 'd dislike this version of us , but i also have no time for their bullshit . 
  to be completely and utterly honest , the only reason i support the eu is cause we get money . 
  i do n't believe in that `` united europe '' bullshit . 
  go tell a rural brit or a dutchman that you 're from romania and see how united they are with you . 
  nah , we 're usually in the region of russia , sometimes below them . 
  the only country we can be reliably sure we 're gon na be in front of is north korea . 
  perhaps , but i give significantly less of a shit about how easterners view my country . 
  most easterners are n't that much better of than us , it 's a case of pot calling the kettle black . 
  i also lived in the uk for two years . 
  i agree the uk is a special case , but i 've been called a `` freeloader '' and loads of other things , plus the classic `` you do n't look romanian '' , meaning i do n't look like a gypsy . 
  i also made friends and had a great time , do n't get me wrong , but those things happened despite my ethnicity . 
  this is gon na sound pretentious af , but i 'm not defined by my ethnicity . 
  it gets tiresome to be the ambassador of an entire group of people . 
  i 'm just there to view some cool sights , not challenge misconceptions . 
  that 's actually true . 
  i do n't like my country very much , but it 's my country . 
  thing is , western europeans do n't tend to have a problem with romania , the country , they tend to dislike romanians , the people , of which i am part . 
  so given that they dislike romanians , or their idea of what a romanian is , they dislike me , too , and like 90 % of my friends . 
  all they know about my country is the gypsies who beg on their streets . 
  i 've gotten a lot of `` ohhh ... * you 're * from romania ? 
  '' , or `` you do n't really look/act romanian '' . 
  fucking bullshit i do n't really need to put up with . 
  so , whenever i 'm visiting a city in we or something , i keep to my group . 
  i expected us to be lower , which says a lot . 
  it 's the reason i do n't really want to interact with western europeans in real life . 
  most people with higher education that i know earn over 1500 euros/month . 
  it makes sense . 
  hey , i live in the decent blob of romania !, 
  you know shit gets real when people switch to their native language . 
  let me guess : he 's a mormon . 
  i swear dude , those magic undergarments ... 
  i can already read the titles in our newspapers : `` hungary tries to undermine romanian sovereignty in transylvania through undercover agents '' . 
  i know you 're kidding , but most of the foundations of modern western civilization come from the ancient greeks . 
  i have a hard time sympathizing with self-proclaimed ethnic macedonians , since we have a relationship identical to that between bulgaria and macedonia with moldova . 
  they were gon na leave regardless . 
  either way , romania 's growth is n't based on manufacturing , it 's based on services . 
  i 've visited ukraine last year , went to odessa and kyiv , travelling by bus between the two . 
  i knew the country was in a bad spot , but i honestly did n't expect to see so much poverty . 
  some parts of downtown kyiv looked rather nice , there were some upscale shops and life seemed vibrant enough . 
  the further away you drifted from downtown , the more apparent the poverty became . 
  it honestly reminded me of romania in the '90s ( i was a kid , but i have memories of life back then and have seen some recordings ) , and it was an illuminating experience . 
  i 'm willing to bet a female football player would kick your ass in a fight . 
  since i 'm fluent in english , it sounds like something i * should * understand , but in the end i do n't , if it makes sense . 
  there 's also that gutural `` h '' sound that reminds me of hebrew . 
  it 's the first time i seriously sat down to watch women 's football . 
  really enjoyed this tournament and the dutch team . 
  it 's just a shame romania did n't qualify , we lost the play-off against portugal . 
  we need more lgbt people to come out over here . 
  the community has absolutely no visibility . 
  i 'd love to go to bucharest pride , but i 'm fearful and , on top of that , i 'm also heterosexual , so i would n't want it to seem like i 'm hijacking the event . 
  i 'm very pro-gay rights ( surprising given my flair , i know ) , and i 've been to the netherlands , and i 've seen many same-sex couples walk hand in hand with no reservations . 
  the netherlands is as close to treating gays completely equally as countries get . 
  the pride parades in eastern europe have to be protected by shielded police . 
  sorry if this sounds kinda off , but what 's the purpose of a pride parade in the netherlands ? 
  a country that has had gay marriage since * 2000 * ? 
  there 's no such thing as a `` british nationalist '' , it contradicts the very definition of the term . 
  yeah , fuck them for wanting to preserve their heritage and their culture , right ? 
  you ca n't apply logic to ultra-nationalists , mate . 
  the alt-right is leaking into more mainstream spaces , and the alt-right believes that jews secretly control all governments , all major media outlets etc. 
  their belief is that da joos want to replace da whyte rayce with muslims by influencing national governments to open their borders ... they 've gotten better at infiltrating sane spaces and propagating their bullshit . 
  no , they are n't neo-nazis , they 're just polish ultra-nationalists . 
  sadly true . 
  i 'm a huge football fan , but these shitstains are what makes me go to the seating section . 
  they were legia fans . 
  nah , i 'm pretty sure that 's a `` hungary and poland '' thing . 
  dude , i was part of an organized group for a few years . 
  i know what i 'm saying .
