bug bunny 's girlfriend was hot af , yo . 
  we need to go deepah, 
  people are not vocal about hating hungarians , but there 's quite a lot of underlying distrust of them . 
  it 's racist to imply gypsies are different from us ethnic romanians , mate !, 
  have n't you heard ? 
  you disgust me with your racism . 
  if only you * opened your mind * a little , go to ferentari and feel the cultural enrichment . 
  have the dutch ever had a person in orbit ? 
  i do n't think belarus or ukraine will join the eu anytime soon . 
  russians are european ( most are , anyway ) , but their government is more central asian , so this map is accurate . 
  not to that extent . 
   any and all persons should be guaranteed the right to free and absolute speech . 
  that 's , like , your opinion , man . 
  romanian law disagrees with you . 
  no you 're not . 
  political culture has taken a shift to the right , yes , but you 're too fringe for a great majority of the population . 
  we would 've gained most of transylvania anyway , but invading hungary ( while it was down ) gave us the chance to annex more than was righfully ours , which i admit to . 
  my country already has anti-discrimination laws which are enforced by a semi-autonomous body called cncd , which is an acronym for the romanian version of `` anti-descrimination council '' , basically . 
  people have been fined for expressing homophobic , far-right or otherwise offensive views on television , or even on their blogs and whatnot . 
  it 's even run by an ethnic hungarian ... to drive a point across , i guess . 
   do you think that someone breaking the law by `` hate speech '' justifies another group to use physical or psychological violence to intimidate that person into keeping their opinion secret ? 
  no , but i think fines should be higher than they are in my country , currently . 
  no , fuck the altright . 
  i 'd give up on a few of my rights if it meant the altright would be eliminated . 
  it 's funny how your history is full of vaguely far-rightist positions , while your country literally has a lower gdp per capita than south africa . 
  even my country has more than double your gdp per capita . 
  perhaps you should look at improving your own backyard before making sweeping generalisations . 
  i disagree with antifa methods . 
  i think free speech limitations should be coded into law by the parliament , not enforced through street violence . 
  also , as a law student i feel the obligation to inform you that un resolutions do n't have the power of law when it comes to internal matters . 
  internal law almost always has priority , main exception would be some certain eu directives . 
  germany bans the nazi flag , for instance . 
  other countries ban the denial of the holocaust or of the armenian genocide . 
  my mother has a polish sounding maiden name , passed down from my polish maternal great-grandfather . 
  it 'd be much cooler if i had her name instead , but changing it legally is too much hassle , given that i 'm a student . 
  it was a sacking , yes . 
  our strategy was to invade hungary with divisions formed almost entirely by romanians from transylvania . 
  destroying things was encouraged . 
  i do n't really agree with their methods . 
  while a leftist myself ( a more moderate one than antifa types ) , i believe that certain free speech limitations ( regarding homophobic , racist , xenophobic views ) should be coded into law and the law should be enforced like any other law . 
  street violence is not the answer . 
  i 'm the exact opposite lol ... i 'm not very attached to my last name . 
  my parents are divorced and i cut all contact with my dad . 
  just think , who are the most likely to cry about `` freeze peach '' in europe these days ? 
   what exactly makes this guy a white supremacist ? 
  this guy probably is n't a white supremacist , he 's likely a deluded rightist who thinks free speech is absolute . 
   how is threatening people going to change their minds ? 
  the point is n't to change the minds of the fascists , they 're mostly lost causes , the point is to prevent them from converting other people . 
   if we say fascism is toxic , which i 'd agree to , do n't we have to say the same thing about other totalitarian/extremist ideologies ? 
  yes , just look at my flair ; my country went through both a fascist , and a communist dictatorship . 
  do you seriously think i 'd support either ? 
   if we say that human rights , which includes the right to free speech , are universal , then what gives any of us the right to revoke this right of any other person ? 
  free speech is n't absolute . 
  we 're not in america , sorry . 
  was n't talking about the dude in the picture necessarily . 
  i 'm a white dude myself and i 'm the furthest thing from a fascist . 
  i 'm talking about the context in which he felt the need to put that on a cardboard . 
  fun fact : the romanian was extremely close to destroying it while occupying budapest in 1919 , but a very well known ethnic romanian politician from transylvania , iuliu maniu , urged them not to . 
  there 's no `` free speech '' when it comes to white supremacists , simple as . 
  they should be shut down and they absolutely should n't be allowed to express themselves . 
  there 's no ideology more toxic to humanity than fascism . 
  look , man ... i get where both of you are coming from . 
  on the one hand , of course they 're still your grandkids and you should love them all the same , but on the other hand , i , personally , have some so-called `` regressive '' genes ( light brown hair , green eyes ) which would likely be lost if i were to have children with a black women . 
  the kid would probably still resemble me somewhat , but there 's like an 85 % chance he/she wo n't have these distinctive features that have been passed down in my family generation after generation . 
  that shit feels like you 're breaking a cycle , you know ? 
  yeah , it 's him . 
  he 's had a makeover and is now meme material . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  you know those tourists you see in the old center of bucharest being drunk as fuck ? 
  multiply that by 20 . 
  imagine a city full of those types of individuals , or even worse , full of middle-aged americans unaware of how fat they are with cameras . 
  [ president of romania ] ( http://www.ebihoreanul.ro/modules/news/files/dan-pandrea.jpg ), 
  meaning i 'm more `` romanian '' than `` european '' . 
  i do n't particularly like my country in its present state . 
  you say that like you guys would ever wan na be in the same state with us romanians lol . 
  imagine what would ensue . 
  i am pro-eu , but i strongly identify with my home country and i do n't think the westerners have our best interests in mind ... cause yes , a united europe would be ruled almost exclusively by westerners , since they hold the most capital . 
  it 's a thing i 've heard repeatedly , but i have n't found an actual study to back it up . 
  for what it 's worth , i know a lot of women that i went to highschool with who went on to study physics , electronics and whatnot , while i , a guy , went on to study law . 
  this is the one good thing ceausescu did , break down stereotypes of this kind . 
  romanian women do . 
  both my parents are engineers . 
  we have the highest rate of women in stem in europe . 
  i got like 75 % of that . 
  that 's rather cool . 
  we do that with bulgaria too . 
  there 's always bulgaria . 
  lately we 've been overtaking croatia , too ... sometimes . 
  before eastern european countries joined the eu , you were regularly ranked as the last country in these tops . 
  i was n't pissed , portuguese people are bros , 
  you were the original `` romanians '' lol ... you should be grateful we joined the eu . 
  we do n't know shit about those two countries , but we know a whole lot about america . 
  you 're in the spotlight , for better or for worse . 
  we viewed trump as a joke candidate up until the very end ... and then he won . 
  he bloody won . 
  and now we see him on the news for whatever stupid thing he 's said the day before . 
  ah ... well , you ca n't blame europeans for not wanting to do business in america , given that your president is clearly pushing an isolationist agenda . 
  europeans like americans , but they mostly like * liberal * americans . 
  back in the obama days , you 'd have been higher up . 
  did anybody even claim it was n't a popularity contest ?
