  i gave you a solution : stay in somalia . 
  but i 'm willing to bet you wo n't do that . 
  football is the most popular sport everywhere in europe , dude ... and i admit football fans can get violent . 
  but the solution is n't completely neutering them by forcing them to stand down all game . 
  it 's clear to me you 're not a football fan . 
  i am . 
  i go to the stadium regularly . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  it has killed atmosphere . 
  premier league crowds are like theatre crowds right now . 
  would you wan na raise your kids in a neighborhood that was majority pakistani ? 
  if you do n't want to live amongst white people , perhaps do n't come to our continent and stay in somalia . 
  you people sure know how to build functioning societies . 
  and ... do people think it 's okay for the center of the second largest city in britain to be majority muslim ? 
  i certainly would n't like it if my city had majority muslim areas . 
  to be fair , if you entered the eu , what makes you * you * would be lost , kinda . 
  your national identity is formed off of independence and neutrality . 
  i know the context , but it 's sad . 
  it has n't killed british enthusiasm , but it has severely limited your ways of showing it . 
  i 'm from bucharest and we should be given our own region inside romania . 
  not to sound smug , but we 're above and beyond economically compared to the rest of our region here . 
  you can divide europe up in 500 regions if you so desire , i 'll never stop identifying with my nation first , and i 'm quite the europhile . 
  cause serbian democracy is such a model to everyone in the region , right , mate ? 
  would n't expect a british person to post this lol . 
  are you even allowed to stand up in the stadium ? 
   ok , so the turks abducted countless greek babies and raised them as turks ( look at the jannisaries and various office holding figures in the ottoman empire ok , so , up till now i have to say it 's all theories and i ca n't really disprove you , but this is something we share , it seems . 
  the ottomans also took wallachian and moldovan babies and raised them as turks . 
  so , when it comes to this , i have no reason not to believe you . 
  it was a joke , dude . 
  i did n't really mean that . 
  chill out . 
  well , people seem to have enjoyed what i said . 
  what do you want me to do , pull statistics out of my ass ? 
  do you honestly think most westerners give a shit about christianity ? 
  maybe in countries such as poland . 
  you 're such a moron . 
  a lot of my countrymen do care , but we 're very much in the minority amongst europeans . 
  nobody cares about the church in the 21st century . 
  no , it had n't been applied since 1996 , but it was still there . 
  either way , 1996 is n't that long ago , either . 
  ceausescu wanted to boost up the birthrate , that 's the explanation . 
  that 's what she said . 
  we 've been handling hungary at its worst for nearly 100 years now . 
  still , jobbik got nearly 20 % in 2010 as well , when they were less moderate . 
  they 're still hard right , but yes , they have become more moderate . 
  i 'm a law student , it 's one of the few professions where i can earn a good salary here lol . 
  but i 've considered moving abroad before i got accepted into uni . 
  he 's a rightist , so for me , personally , he 's a bad leader . 
  romania decriminalized homosexual relations that same year . 
  puts things into perspective . 
  a majority of the hungarian electorate votes either for fidesz , who are euroskeptic right , sort of like the tories , * or * for jobbik , who are sort of like golden dawn . 
  20 % of the votes went towards a party that thinks there 's a jewish conspiracy to destroy hungary . 
  here soros is portrayed as a hungarian first and foremost , for bonus populist points xd, 
  because everything was based on religion . 
  if you were an orthodox , you were `` greek '' , if you were a muslim , you were `` turkish '' . 
  which is why many people claim turkey and greece are both quite similar to eachother and melting pots , at the same time . 
  romanians are eastern romance peoples . 
  we 've always said we were an `` island of latinity in a sea of migratory tribes '' . 
  we 're the only eastern romance independent nation , therefore we tend to think of all other balkan romance speaking peoples as our `` brothers '' . 
  basically everyone in romania considers aromanians ethnic romanians . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre i know rs is legally not a part of serbia , but it will still weigh heavily in any negotiations you 'll ever have with the eu . 
  i know you were just playing dumb . 
  greece has no pulling power . 
  your economy is incredibly shit . 
  what leverage do you have against european powers ? 
  threatening to pull out of the eu ? 
  they 're practically begging you to already . 
  it 's nothing to do with being childlike , i simply know that i could 've been in the same situation as those vlachs . 
  i 'm a romanian from the south , from wallachia ( what a coincidence ) . 
  if my ancestors had migrated a little more southward , i would n't be victor today , i 'd be giorgios , or perhaps vasili . 
  greek as any other . 
  croatia and romania are n't guilty of an unrecognized genocide that occured less than 30 years ago , against an ethnic minority ( if you could call them that ) . 
  that 's a thing , i guess . 
  also , romania and croatia do n't have former regions inhabited by an ethnic minority that declared themselves independent . 
  sure , you could compare kosovo to szekely land , but the situation is nowhere near similar and you know it . 
  that 's also a thing . 
  i 'm really curious , though : romanians in the modern sense are nothing more than autochtonous tribes who got assimilated by the romans and adopted vulgar latin . 
  that 's our national ethos . 
  if that 's the case , how are n't the vlachs `` romanians '' ? 
  ethnicity , especially in the byzantine and ottoman empires , is quite hard to define , as i 'm sure you 're aware . 
  like , i 'm sure our rights to self determination pale in comparison to the shadow of the great alexander , or whatever it is that makes you sleep well at night , but this is a thing i 'd like to hear your opinion on . 
  lost debate ? 
  there 's no debate . 
  i do n't give a shit about debating a deluded nationalist with illusions of grandeur . 
  the fyrom debate also shows how greece handles stuff like this . 
  romania is twice as big as greece , that 's why you 're `` lucky '' . 
  if we were aware of this shit and you tried erasing the identity of the romance speaking people in greece like this , we 'd put up a hell of a fight , diplomatically , of course , as opposed to the `` macedonians '' . 
  we 're used to being ruled over by empires 10 times the size of greece , and yet we 've managed to form a nation state . 
  people calling themselves greeks do have a long history , yes . 
  unfortunately , your ancestors were most likely from a mixture of different origins . 
  it 's funny , since `` vlachs '' are present all across the balkans , from albania , to serbia , to bulgaria , and yet you claim they 're romanized greeks based on ... what evidence , exactly ? 
  the fact that they call themselves greeks ? 
  of course they do , they were assimilated by your successive nationalistic governments and fascist military dictatorships . 
  or are we supposed to forget how greece always denied to give rights to its ethnic minorities and or even admit they exist in the first place ? 
  let 's ask the albanians of attica , or the muslims of macedonia . 
  it 's also even more funny that you claim to be direct descendants of the ancient greeks , when genetic studies ( some of which have been posted on this sub , if you 're really interested ) show that you 're almost exactly the same as the turks . 
  aka a mix of different peoples , a melting pot . 
   their ancestors were greeks who adopted the latin language during the times of the roman empire , because of their geographical position on `` via egnatia this concludes it . 
  greek history is even more fucked up than hungarian history . 
  i did kinda think you were hungarian , but regardless , you 're too quick to trust everything he says .
