  of course they do n't worship hitler , but they 're white supremacists who hate jews and pretty much every other minority . 
  this is n't common only in poland . 
  far-right ultras factions are the cancer of the terraces . 
  i wan na be there actively supporting my team , but i ca n't because i 'd have to share a rather small space with all sorts of fascists . 
  it 's like this pretty much everywhere in europe . 
  fucking sociopaths . 
  a stern telling off will sure show them we ai n't playing games . 
  and for being under austria . 
  they 're all in the parliament . 
  i passed through slovenia in june and their infrastructure made me feel like i was in austria . 
  almost no difference . 
  we are n't that reliant on russian gas anymore . 
  they ca n't do anything other than bark really loudly . 
  they wo n't attack a nation that 's part of the eu and of nato . 
  macron 's visit later this month will solidify this . 
  russia ca n't bully us anymore because , for the first time in probably ever , we 've got our backs covered . 
  russia can literally just go fuck itself . 
  they ca n't bully eastern europe anymore . 
  heck , i 'd even support expelling their ambassador , at this point . 
  we have nothing to say to them , they 've fucked us over time and time again throughout our entire history . 
  white supremacists are the majority among the involved people who go to away games and organize the choreographies . 
  the normal supporters , i assume , are far more moderate , but legia 's supporters are notorious around europe for their right-wing views . 
  are you serious ? 
  the polish ultras scene is notorious for its hard right wing factions , including legia . 
  it 's funny ... legia 's ultras are mainly fascist skinheads . 
  they ca n't even see they 're from the same mold as hitler . 
  i actually know a natural redhead . 
  he 's from transylvania , ethnic romanian , though i suppose somewhere along his genealogy there 's been some `` admixture '' . 
  most people here are dark brown haired ( among ethnic romanians ) . 
  my hair is ash brown and i sometimes get called a `` blond '' ; my maternal great-grandfather was a pole , do n't know if it has anything to do with it . 
  this has to be the tallest `` mountain '' in the netherlands . 
  i mean , it 's almost above sea level . 
  no pyro no party . 
  it 's because they 're the ultras of legia , i assume . 
  i 've seen them when they played against my team in the europa league ... peaceful looking bunch . 
  many of our famous interbellic figures had links to the iron guard . 
  ehhh ... i agree he 's not the best historical figure , but romanians tend to see him as a man who fought for oppressed romanians . 
  to explain this to everyone : r/romania has a pretty big circlejerk about the lack of a subway system in cluj . 
  cluj suffers from `` second city syndrome '' and is in a constant competition with bucharest . 
  since bucharest has a pretty big subway system ( but , granted , is also bigger ) , people from there use this stuff to make people from cluj angry . 
   not sure what was the point of your comment bringing up the ethnicity of his father 's ancestors then ? 
  to justify the statue 's presence there . 
  ethnicity did n't really matter in those days . 
  he was indeed `` king of hungary '' , nobody is disputing that . 
  the only reason that statue is standing today is cause we do n't disrespect history . 
  not too far from where this picture was taken , there 's a huge ass statue of avram iancu and an orthodox cathedral . 
  his dad was a vlach . 
  fair , but ukraine is twice as poor as romania was in 2005 , and about 4 times as poor as it is now . 
  it 's another level of poor , moldova-tier . 
  so the basques should n't be allowed to decide their own destiny ? 
  no , we won the war through diplomacy and you 're still butthurt about it . 
  sad !, 
  still , there are more people here than the entire population of montenegro . 
  i do n't have a problem with the fact that you 're a monarchist , but if you actually believe that , it 's like ... ok . 
  it was relevant in the discussion . 
  i think this is a pretty castle and , like every romanian , i 've visited it countless times , but monarchy is a shitty system . 
  good luck from romania . 
  damn . 
  hope you 'll succeed , bros. 
  uhh ... mate , i 'm an atheist and a leftist . 
  you wo n't win me over with that rhetoric , that 's for damn sure . 
  just for the record : this is n't in transylvania , this is in wallachia . 
  there usually is some person from a neighboring country to our nw that shall not be named in the comments of these things . 
  pretty buildings ? 
  yes . 
  actual monarchy ? 
  i do n't wan na be ruled by someone whose sole qualification is being the product of the right person 's sperm . 
  my grandma does n't hate him . 
  she 's convinced he 's a `` poor and honest '' person . 
  oh well , at least i got her to vote for iohannis in 2014 and usr last year . 
  this used to be true , but is n't anymore , at least not as much . 
  at least in terms of economy , the two main parties are easy to differentiate . 
  yes , over the past few years , ideologies have become more clear cut here . 
  yeah , well , now a team from szekelyland , sepsi osk managed to get promotion into liga 1 , which is our top football league , and it 'll be that x5 next season . 
  i actually think it 's quite right . 
  the census clearly greatly underestimated the number of non-religious people . 
  granted , i live in bucharest , but i know a lot of atheists . 
  all hungarian i know is related to stadium insults ... wonder why ... 
  me too . 
  i guess i 'll vote psd next time since soros has tricked me . 
   let 's show a bit of european solidarity ? 
  i agree , but at this point i have to ask myself : would they show any solidarity if it happened here ? 
  nobody gives a shit about your holiday , bud . 
  nah , we 're good . 
  you can keep them . 
  nah , romania became a nation state during that period and achieved independence from the ottomans . 
  damn . 
  we were poorer than albania or thereabouts . 
  yes , but since it 's so easy for us to leave , many people choose to do so . 
  the eu has been both a blessing and a curse for us . 
  sorry if this sounds bad , but i 've never met a person from belarus online before . 
  does lukashenko allow you to browse reddit or are you using tor or something similar ? 
  we 've reached 10000 dollars nominal and 24000 ppp , since life is quite cheap here . 
  for comparison , in 2002 we were at around 4000 dollars nominal . 
  we 're really careful with what we mention in our history classes , since our `` dispute '' with the hungarians over transylvania shapes a lot of what we can and ca n't say . 
  as others have said already , we consider the second bulgarian empire to be ours as well , not the first . 
  in the second empire , vlachs had considerable influence in all areas , in the first not so much . 
  romanian climate is the absolute worst : we can get to 40 degrees in the summer and -15 degrees in the winter . 
  no moderation . 
  i think he was talking about urdu , faisal .
