uhm https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/64pr1o/europeans_visiting_the_us_may_soon_have_to_hand/ what happend here ? 
  well the problem is that these implementations do not actually change anything in the near future . 
  so you could be only the 25th now but if these other countries do implement further co2 reduction rules they will surpass you . 
  furthermore it shows what is in stock for the future , thus more damaging policies might come after this one . 
  the problem with the death sentence is not that you kill the clear cut cases ( though some might even want to argue that ) but it also gives the possibility for less clear cases . 
  it sometimes happen that persons get wrongfully convicted , luckily now they are still alive and can get free again ( with compensation for time lost ) , if you kill them thats kinda not possible . 
  i think the eu as whole can make an impact on these things and should definitely continue now the us is turning back to coal ( thanks trump ) . 
  hopefully the sanctions will come in when the referendum is done irregardless of outcome . 
  well last news i saw was that a lot of dutch people were already changing to destination to greece , so you guys will get a nice economical boost  . 
  i would say bravo !, 
  there are to many people that listen to the nut cases that say vaccination are bad . 
  time for equal rights for all citizens ie ever citizen having only one nationality/passport . 
  why can the dual citizens have multiple countries where they can vote in ? 
  that looks to me a very serious inequality against persons with only one nationality . 
  doesnt matter , when planting the seeds some fly over to the other lands . 
  and i would like to add , another big problem with these crops isnt that they are modified but indeed the ip on them an how they protect them . 
  like sueing farms that neighbour farms using ip crops because some of their crops were also the ip crops simply due to cross contamination ( as in some seeds were carried to the other lands by being down wind from an ip crop farm ), 
  its not in the article but what about the service industries that account for 40 % ? 
  of the export to the eu ? 
  i thought these were not included in the wto rules, 
  hopefully the french are n't as stupid as the americans by electing him or le pen ( luckily the french election system is a bit better ) . 
  i think its time for some economic sanctions . 
  since we are the number 1 or 2 investor in turkey ( also the reason turkey did not impose any economic sanctions because they know they shoot themselves in the foot ) . 
  actually i doubt he is ever going to win anyway , in the end a lot of the parties have fixed group of backers , which makes sure that wilders will never get a majority . 
  he needs this majority simply because he is so extremist in his views which prevent any other party working with him . 
  furthermore i doubt he even wants to be in the government simply because it clashes with how he gets the votes : he needs to shout populist stuff and point the finger at the government to keep his popularity up . 
  yes the government actually decides how much money they get . 
  lol , you know our food guidelines and testing is way more strict . 
  the problem with this stuff is due to testing nobody can actually prevent public blame . 
  if this happen in the us the first question would be : will it be detected before the first death and second question what is more expensive , the expected settlement costs for all the deaths or taking all the eggs back, 
  we the dutch are only proud to be dutch when the national football team is playing or when it 's kingday ( for non dutch , its our day when we dress up i orange and have a good excuse to drink with everybody ) . 
  as europe does n't have either a football team ( although we prolly would win both the wk & ek with ease with it , which would be awesome ) or a king ( in contrare to some uk citizens think ) i do n't have a reason to be proud to be something , i/we simply do n't care . 
  i totally agree but blaming the eu is an eu wide problem its not only the brits doing this . 
  furthermore the eu does n't really advertise what they really do . 
  for example look at the new telecom rules that remove costs for everything inside the eu , great for consumers ( and took waaay to long due to italian tele-companies blocking it ) but instead of taking credit for it which they should have done in my eyes they did n't do anything , what happend next was that the telecoms said it was their idea . 
  nah i think he is basing that on the fact that you guys had the audacity to try to renegotiate the eu deal and then when he came back with nothing but hot air you guys voted to leave your already special position in the eu . 
  o yes it can , look at chinese solar panels . 
  well in my eyes this is also about equality : one person with dual nationality is able to vote in 2 seperate elections , the other is not . 
  in that case one person is not equal to the other . 
  furthermore when you look for example to the turkish referendum , why is somebody that has not been in a country for more then a few weeks ( in his/her whole live time ) able to vote for something that changes the country so drastically . 
  you say the uk needs to get the rebate because you put more money in pp then germany but what about nl ? 
  which puts in double what you pay per person ? 
  uk is not the fucking exception . 
  nah , what all those asylum seekers should do is request asylum where they entered europe . 
  its time to send all others back because they all want to go to the western countries whilest they should per the rules actually register first in the eastern countries . 
  nah , that needs congressional approval which is never going to happen . 
  to solve that the congress gave the president all the required powers already . 
  this way congress does n't have to do shit but murican can be in a defacto war . 
  well that will be the end of fishing in general then since the dutch/denmarka/norwegians will be forced to fish in their own waters again ( hint they are all the same fish ) . 
  this means that the fish will not be able to reproduce properly since that is done in these waters ( hence the 200 + yeat old agreement to let them fish in british waters ), 
  google translation : thirteen companies , have made the transition from london to the netherlands , since the united kingdom announced the exit of the eu . 
  deputy minister henk camp of economic affairs confirms the arrival of british , american and asian companies in the financial sector , ict and energy on saturday in the volkskrant . 
  together , the companies account for 730 jobs . '', 
  continually interested companies in the netherlands are constantly reporting to us '' , says kamp against the newspaper . '', 
  we write here at the ministry one after the other bidbook to show those companies what the power of the netherlands is . '', 
  unlike other eu countries , the netherlands has one major limitation on the financial institutions that want to establish their european headquarters in the mainland : the 20 percent bonus ceiling . 
  it 's a `` real problem '' , says the deputy minister . 
  in the rest of the union a bonus is granted up to 100 percent of the annual salary . 
  timeline : this happened after the brexit referendum timeline : this happened after the brexit referendum export in the interview with the volkskrant ( euro ) , kamp says that there is a lot of trouble for the netherlands during the negotiations on the brexit . 
  `` nearly 10 percent of our exports are going to the uk , and we have invested heavily : 450 billion euros . '', 
  therefore , kamp is not `` excited about '' the brexit : `` it gives us opportunities , but i would not have had all those opportunities . '', 
  that is also why the netherlands is not going to lobby actively to get the companies here . 
  kamp hopes that negotiations with the country will prosper and that trade with the british will remain as easy as possible . 
  `` but other eu countries have very different interests . '', 
  and now a story about their integration into spain , wan na bet that more than 50 % still does n't speak spanish . 
  well actually android itself isnt the problem its the playstore that makes it a problem . 
  there is no other store alike on android and when you want to ship the playstore you need to ship all the other google services as well . 
  you forget that a trade war between usa and the eu can only end in the usa loosing . 
  this is due to the election system that is used in the usa which makes targeting a sitting present/senator very easy to boot coming next election year . 
  well what did you expect , after the nsa started the russians will finish it . 
  lol , you know marble and all other stones have immense heat capacity right ( the fucking reason why houses keep cool when properly insulated but when the heat has finally entered the house you ca n't get it out anymore ) . 
  as for all you uk idiots that think there is much difference between houses , both are insulated , the one to keep the warmth out and the other to keep the warmth in . 
  there is no difference in insulation either way , the only difference in houses are that our houses usually are made with dark red stones and not painted instead of painting all the walls white which makes a shit ton of difference . 
  a well you forget one major difference between your 35 + and our ( aka nl & uk ) 25 + temps : humidity . 
  simply put 25 + @ 100 % humidity feels worse then 85 + @ 30 % ( aka a sauna , there is a reason you can sit in a room @ 85 degree for more then 15 minutes without dieing ) also a reason why when you are on terrace in your region you have the water sprays with fans to cool people down , this does n't work when humidity is above 60 % . 
  well there is a problem with the norway deal . 
  that is that norway and the other efta countries need to agree before the uk can join the efta , which norway probably wont allow because they will loose their power since they are the biggest country in the efta . 
  or a new efta specially made for the uk needs to be created which probably needs changes to the lissabon agreement which in term is kinda hard . 
  touched up google translation : the american bank goldman sachs moves jobs from london to frankfurt , now the negotiations on a british departure from the european union are about to begin . 
  director richard gnodde of european activities said to the german newspaper frankfurter allgemeine sonntagszeitung . 
  `` we have begun to shift funds to frankfurt and other european cities , '' says gnodde . 
  he added that the number of employees in frankfurt , the financial heart of germany , is likely to double . 
  now there are about two hundred . 
  the fact that the european central bank ( ecb ) is located in frankfurt , according to gnodde , the german city gives an advantage over other financial centers , such as paris , dublin , amsterdam . 
  it also appears that germany , under the leadership of chancellor angela merkel , has proved to be a stable and reliable trading partner . 
  the united kingdom begins monday in negotiations with the european union on the conditions for resignation from the eu . 
  although the final divorce is not anticipated by 2019 , goldman sachs is already taking measures . 
  plans are made that will allow the bank to continue working throughout europe . 
  how many jobs goldman sachs will precisely remove in london , said the topman . 
  according to initiates , that number may increase to a thousand . 
  the bank now has about six thousand bankers in london . 
  lol , didnt know about that sub , thanks , 
  well this story is very easy to verify , cut the guy in halve and count the amount of rings ( aka years ) and see if there are 128 of them . 
  well fishing is going to be a big problem . 
  this is due to that the fish that are caught in uk waters mate in dutch waters and grow up in danish/norwegian waters . 
  so if say the uk would get its sole right to fish in the uk waters ( keep in mind , danish/norwegians and dutch fishers have had this right for centuries ) . 
  what would prevent the dutch & danish/norwegians from starting to fish in their waters and thus decimate the total population . 
  actually they said they wanted to first talk about the concept of what the divorce bill would be and agree on that . 
  the whole thing will be put into a treaty any way thus if you guys did n't like the deal after all the payment would n't start either . 
  yeah but if threaten to remove 1 of the 1,5 years of negotiating you are not going to extend it .
