  i think the difference is if you get banned from twitter because twitter thinks it is inappropriate , or if you get banned from twitter because the government told twitter to do so . 
  the first does n't tarnish the freedom of speech but the second does . 
  would you agree with this ? 
  i would say the comic is not really clear about that part . 
  that is not what the comic says ? 
  the media house can decide by them self what they want to send and not . 
  the government has nothing to do with it . 
  if i have a party at my house and some of my guest starts shouting stuff i do n't like i can send him away if i like . 
  this does n't validate his freedom of speech in any way . 
  nobody harmed their free speech . 
  reddit has every right to ban any subreddit they like , they are a private company and do n't have to justify to any freedom of speech . 
  [ this ] ( https://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/free_speech.png ) xkcd comic explains what i think quite well . 
  i think it also applies to most european countries . 
  however it gets tricky when you are organizing a mob to do actual illegal things . 
  like shouting lets come together at 23:00 and smash in all their windows . 
  also threatening or blackmailing a person is not allowed even if you only spoke . 
  my family from bosnia still has a very positive view of him . 
  working conditions and employment were all better than nowadays . 
  most people felt they had enough freedom , you could travel abroad and american movies were shown in cinema . 
  he also kept the religious/nationalist in place . 
  after his death things went downhill and eventually resulted in the balkan war . 
  two options : - he gets more than 50 % of the votes . 
  highly unlikely , i do n't remember if any party ever had more than 50 % of the votes . 
  edit : since public voting started ( 1918 ) this never happend and we 've always had coalitions . 
  - some party breaks its promise and collaborates with wilders . 
  some years ago this attempt was done , but turned out to be a bit of a mess and the coalition collapsed after two years . 
  very unlike they will try again . 
  especially that according to the current poll at least two parties will have to agree to work with wilders . 
  so yeah it is almost impossible for him to get significant power ( in the collaboration he will never be allowed to execute his right wing ideas ) . 
  but after the brexit and trump i am hesitant to make bold claims . 
  the party of wilders is still the largest with polls estimating him at 33 ( day before yesterday ) and 31 ( yesterday ) seats . 
  you need to have 75 out of the 150 seats to be able to rule . 
  so he 'll need a coalition with other parties or become twice as large . 
  i think almost all other parties have said they are refusing to form a coalition with him . 
  it is possible that the non-largest parties will form a coalition large enough to rule and wilders will end up again in the opposition . 
  a few years ago decathlon opened a few stores here in the netherlands as well . 
  i bought some of my ski and camping gear there . 
  it is very affordable and the quality seems good , also lots of choice . 
  the newer volvos from the last 5 year are also very popular in the netherlands . 
  in the lease market i think they got some tax reduction or just overall good deals . 
  i would say they dominate the slightly more luxurious market . 
  we dutch also like to act like lizards when the sun comes out and try to catch as much of it as possible . 
   daylight which is often behind a thick layer of grey clouds anyway . 
  i think last november i have n't seen the sun for at least 4 weeks in a row . 
  there was this persistent fog all the time . 
  this is even a overly green saturated picture , looks much better in real life . 
  tastes quite good as well , especially in winter !, 
  i know , i just wanted to point out that there is not much need to fear terrorism , just like flying is safer than driving by car but still more people are afraid of flying . 
  but people are afraid and that is a problem . 
  the question is how to take these fears away . 
  lots of visible security to give a safer feeling ? 
  as you mentioned you somehow need to prevent people from saying that the problem is ignored or nothing is done about it . 
   scared of being blown up/ran over by ( statistically it is the most possible , inbefore i 'm called a racist ) a muslim terrorist . 
  i do n't know the exact numbers but it is still many many times more likely to get run over by a random driver than a terrorist . 
  statistically terrorism is totally not a threat . 
  but the way terrorism works it that with a few attacks you can get a whole nation afraid . 
  i 've used the rental bikes in valencia . 
  the biking paths were ok to me . 
  but it is probably only available in a few select cities . 
  in the netherlands they 've started building biking highways . 
  long stretches of bike path between cities/towns where bikes have priority . 
  of my 9km trip to work 7 of them are in such a path and on do n't have to stop for any traffic during that time . 
  ah ok so no downgrade . 
  i went on the k\u00f6ln frankfurt ice twice . 
  really awesome to have a beer at the bar while traveling 300 km/h . 
  affordable price for the beer as well !, 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  yeah i always see the opening hours of shops with a very long break in between and wondered if other professions had similar working hours . 
  you want the dutch version . 
  germans barely cycle compared to us !, 
  but it is one of the best things here . 
  i can go to work by public transport , car or bike , all of them take about half an hour . 
  99 % of the times i choose to go by bike and it feels like a great workout . 
  also less congested roads and i never have trouble with traffic jams . 
  what do people do in the break ( 12-15h ? ), 
  during lunch time ? 
  go home and have lunch ? 
  seems like a hassle if you have a long commute . 
  or is this only for shops and do n't most other jobs have this break ? 
  is n't only a small portion of the high speed rail 300km/h in germany ? 
  i think i also read that they wanted do downgrade everything to 250 km/h ( not sure about the reason but probably price ) . 
  they can keep their trains, 
  i 've been to bonaire once . 
  some things felt kind of strange . 
  the first is all the people speaking ( or at least able to ) dutch while it was a caribbean island . 
  they have these supermarkets that look local but have products from the jumbo or albert heijn ( two biggest supermarket franchises in the netherlands ) , totally felt out of place . 
  i was there just before christmas , all the christmas trees and the sound of mariah carey while sitting on a beach in the sun and sipping on a cocktail also felt very strange . 
  they payed with usd which was strange for a `` dutch '' place . 
  but on overall it is a beautiful island and a great place to visit when it has been raining for two weeks straight back at home !, 
  are you familiar with the bosnian city of [ gorazde ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gora%c5%bede ) ? 
  i think this is less prevalent for younger generations . 
  i know the salaries of most of my ( good ) friends . 
  we 've all just graduated and started our first real job . 
   bonus points if you can make a joke you have to know two languages for !, 
  * translation when pronounced : i wanted to tell a joke about flowers ( bloemen in dutch ) but in english it is cheesier . 
  the dutch word for cheesy/silly is flauw , and cheesier/sillier flauwer , which is exactly pronounced as the english flower . 
  in the netherlands we have a children 's feast similar to the concept of santa clause at the 5th of december . 
  the difference is that santa clause is called sinterklaas , rides on a horse and instead of elves helping him he has guys/girls called zwarte piet ( means black pete ) . 
  you can watch the whole ceremony of when he enters the country ( by boat ) in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4dzbxuabz7s ) . 
  the discussion started when some people thought zwarte piet is a kind of racist since they look a lot like black slaves helping a white guy and wanted piet in a different color .
