  others accuse those people of wanting to ruin a kids party and breaking tradition . 
  the funny thing is that the kids do n't care at all how zwarte piet looks as long as they receive presents . 
  pararius.nl funda.nl although the latter one is more focused on houses for sale but there is also a for rent section . 
  [ this ] ( http://couteaux-et-tirebouchons.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/carte-pain-au-chocolat-chocolatine-415x400.png ) image sums up this discussion nicely . 
  we have a similar thing , only if it is `` patat '' or `` friet '' for fries . 
  i have one of those . 
  only problem is that i get bored/annoyed by the bird chirping sounds ( there are 3 different ones ) , while the sound and light do n't make you really really awake . 
  i could probably sleep trough it for a while if i really tried my best . 
  the pepernoten coming earlier into the shop is a yearly circlejerk by itself . 
  while the pepernoten come into the shop by the end of august each year . 
  this the type of humor i can really appreciate . 
  good marketing from the beaujolais guys . 
  i actually think most people consider him as black here in the netherlands . 
  this also has a lot to do with how the elections went back then and if the us would have their first black president . 
  and yeah he would probably be considered as the first white president in kenya ( do n't know if they had any actually ) . 
  i was planning to buy the better bike and my other one breaking just sped up that decision . 
  there is a regulation at work where i can get 40 % of income tax back if i buy a bike for commuting and i just moved closer to work , making it viable . 
  we have some forests with off road mtb tracks . 
  where i live we even have 100m high hills !, 
  some of the highest outside the limburg region ( which is barely the netherlands really ) . 
  - mountain bike - racing bike - my good bike i use to commute to work with ( 9km one direction ) - my normal bike ( which has a broken wheel at the moment and needs fixing , but i 'm a bit lazy ) . 
  however 99 % of the kids will take the lessons anyway . 
  i think you can see those all over europe . 
  i think there is nothing goofy about the dacia sandero , practical and affordable !, 
  the multipla however . . 
  i own 4 bikes so i 'm doing my part . 
  yeah but do n't you need a more socialist kind of leader instead of a multi-billionaire type of person ? 
  i ca n't speak for the us but how grounded is the discontent of people ? 
  most fear and anger is fueled by media talking about an horde of refugees and the islam taking over etc. 
  i ca n't talk about the rest of europe but the situation in the netherlands is not bad at all ( i do n't really see a reason for the establishment to go away ) . 
  i believe the us is more sensitive to these kind of fear making media compared to europe . 
  americans were always more about appearance , drama , media shows and listening to the businessman that shouts the most . 
  i hope europeans are less susceptible to this and focus more on actual political points . 
  we will also have elections in half a year and the media coverage luckily still low . 
   then she will change the name of the country to '' ~ ~ united states of slovenia ~ ~ sfr of yugoslavia '' make yugoslavia great again !, 
  are your people also nostalgic about the days tito was in charge and everything was better ? 
  mine older family members ( from bosnia ) at mostly are . 
  ( i was born there as well but too young to remember ) . 
  i did n't follow the electrions that close , could you explain what shows that melanija has the common sense ? 
  in the us the whole of the netherlands could pass as an empty city . 
  size and population are almost comparable to that of the la metro area . 
  depends what you are looking for . 
  utrecht is a nice city to go out at night and less touristy than amsterdam . 
  you can visit rotterdam for a more modern looking city with an actual skyline . 
  delft and leiden have nice looking old city centers . 
  for nature/environment you can visit some dunes/coast at zandvoort or bloemendaal . 
  if you are more adventurous do some wadlopen at one of the waddeneilandan ( the islands in the north ) . 
  we have some forests at the veluwe but those are not that impressive compared to some other countries although the heide ( do n't know the english name ) is somewhat unique . 
  if you like our water infrastructure drive from lelystad to enkhuizen ( nice old fishing town ) . 
  it is a 30km drive with both sides of the road being surrounded by water . 
  if you tell me more specific interests i can give some more specific advice . 
  is that how they call zandvoort nowadays ? 
  to be honest the italian anthem is a real nice one . 
  i was in bologna last weekend and i got the anthem stuck to my head all the time . 
  together with felicita , gloria , sara perche ti amo , etc. 
  we probably ended up in some kind of 90s party , you guys had some good catchy tunes in that era . 
  not that the dutch would do any different . 
  it 's okay . 
  it is only a problem in amsterdam really . 
  the rest of the netherlands gets barely any tourists , which is a shame because we have much more to offer than just amsterdam . 
  no i have heard maybe from only one or two persons that they have been on a skiing holiday in norway . 
  the alps are closer to us and more importantly much cheaper than norway . 
  norway is more popular as a summer holiday destination though . 
  for the skiing , it is also quite common to take the plane to the alps . 
  driving from the netherlands will take a good 12 hours which can get more with bad traffic and snowy conditions . 
  also a night bus with a complete package trip to the alps is common . 
  i had polish neighbors and not a very soundproof wall . 
  i really think their average number of kurwas per sentence was about 1/2 and went towards 2 if they were angry . 
  in the sentence `` it is not green '' you can leave out not , but not replace it with something that means the opposite of not . 
  the last is more like the opposite of being jealous . 
  it 's like when a coworker gets a promotion and you really think he deserves it and are happy for him ( like he really worked hard and had maybe a though time at home ) . 
  it is more similar to `` you deserve it '' than congratulations . 
  i grew up in the northern half and also used ranja with the same meaning as limonade ( to be precise : aanmaaklimonade ) . 
  your description of ranja is what i would call `` iets fris '' . 
  i do n't really ecnounter that much tourists on bikelanes . 
  it is more of a thing to joke about for people in amsterdam ( i do n't live there ) . 
  someone might yell if he is actually about to hit a person on the bike lane especially when the bike bell is broken . 
  bike lanes are not always the red asphalt type , the can look like a sidewalk to someone unfamiliar . 
  could be the case you witnessed , or probably just a bunch of assoholes . 
  yeah i would love to visit the more rugged parts of ireland but we only had 3 days so that would have been too short . 
  howth felt like a good compromise . 
  especially since it was in the middle of winter and we barely encountered any other people during our hike . 
  walking on the biking tracks or crossing them when without looking . 
  if the asphalt is red this means you should n't walk on it and can expect an angry cyclist crashing into you at any moment . 
  i spent a weekend in dublin and was happy we visited howth . 
  it was a short train ride from dublin but felt as if we were in the middle of nowhere . 
  i wanted to mention the former yugoslavia since i was born there , but did n't think it should count anymore . 
  my father never fails to remind me how the country had everything nature has to offer . 
  i still visit bosnia and my family every year . 
  jajce is still on my to visit list , and many more place , but usually family goes first when visiting , 
  i love our biking culture and how all the infrastructure is designed around them . 
  it is an healthy , cheap and clean way of transportation !, 
  i would n't be happy to trade in my half hour commute by bike into an half hour commute by car . 
  out of jealousy , as punishment we send all our car homes down route du soleil each summer and block your highways  as for the landscapes , maybe italy could compete . 
  they also offer almost everything from snowed mountaintops to warm turquoise waters . 
  i watched them as a kid as well here in the netherlands !, 
  good times !, 
  native : dutch fluent : english , bosnian/croatian/serbian ( it 's all the same really ) reasonable : german just the very basics : portuguese ( brazilian ) context : born in bosnia but grew up in the netherlands . 
  learned portuguese when i studied abroad in brazil . 
  i was surprised how quickly i got the hang of the basics of a new language , especially for someone like me who was always never good at languages in high school .
