what about the monday after the start of summer time ( daylight saving time ) ? 
  so you have an extra day to adapt . 
  not that i have any troubles with an one hour shift but i know people that do . 
  the netherlands actually has very few national holidays compared to most other ( european ) countries . 
  the cost are usually in the form of building extra antennas when you run out of capacity because of all the extra tourists . 
  let 's say both matter that makes us first and third , sweden is second and third . 
  so we win , 
  sweden ? 
  you are n't even second !, 
  please take your spot at the third place . 
  you think the right would fuck them over any less ? 
  if it was up to the vvd that gasbubble would have been emptied a long time ago . 
  i think that when talking about left and right wing , people in europe usually relate that to the economic standpoints . 
  left is strong welfare in place , strong unions , difficult to fire , higher taxes on the rich and corporations . 
  right is less welfare for the more , more everyone has to take care of him self . 
  for both right and left we have liberal and conservative versions . 
  so you can be left and liberal , meaning you support gay rights , pro-choice , less religious influence . 
  but there are also left conservative parties , that want welfare for the poor , free healthcare , but can be for example christian of origin , so they are not in favor of gay rights and against legalization of weed . 
  the same can happen on the right spectrum . 
  in the netherlands we have for example the vvd , who are economically right wing ( relative to dutch politics ) but quite progressive . 
  the see it as the choice of the individual to marry and smoke as he wants , but do n't come crying to the government when you run out of a job . 
  i hope this gives a better insight towards our left and right . 
  there are probably also differences within europe . 
  we have a separate subreddit for dutch memes called / r/cirkeltrek, 
  but , why ? 
  $ x , xxx/l for prices at the pump . 
  fuel efficiency is either l/100km or km per l. 
  what i wanted to say is that the 200 million brazilians speak brazilian portuguese that is too different from portuguese portuguese to be used by people in portugal . 
  my brazilian friends said they could barely understand people from portugal ( probably exaggerated a bit ) . 
  but yeah if you are not used to dubbing it really seems like a stupid concept . 
   a bit off topic - dubbing is not solely about population size - portugal does n't dub movies , and there are more than 200 million speakers of portuguese in the world . 
  also not brazilian portuguese ? 
  when i was in brazil i thought most of the movies in cinema were dubbed so i had to make sure i went to a subbed veriosn . 
  the language has a too small population to make dubbed movies viable , the same for games and apps which do n't get translated from english . 
  i think that plays a big part in how easy it is to learn english . 
  all but the penkalo are also used in bosnia . 
  did n't know they were brands at all !, 
  til eurocrem is actually a brand , i knew about the smoki . 
  do n't you say `` kisela '' for the sparkling water ? 
  that is what people use in bosnia . 
  luxaflex ( for the horizontal shades ) jeep are the ones i can think of right now . 
  very rare in the netherlands , the places can be crowded on weekends ( when people take a break between shopping ) but are pretty empty during the weekdays . 
  if it is sunny people will crowd terraces ( which often are more of a bar than a coffee shop ) , but mostly after office hours . 
  same in bosnia , the default location to meet someone and talk about stuff is in a coffee shop . 
  not pat a mat ? 
  a je to !, 
  or just cross the border towards bosnia and everything will still be in marks !, 
  i am actually loving the current 30 \u00b0 weather . 
  but also agree on the colder winters , more snow and frost please . 
  nothing as miserable then 10 \u00b0 drizzle rain on christmas day . 
  9km by bike which is about 25 minutes . 
  dutch , english , bosnian ( and thus , croatian/serbian ) all fluently . 
  i can do some basic german and some very basic ( brazilian ) portuguese . 
  yeah , lots of awkward situations when greeting foreigners :p, 
  we do the same in the netherlands ( 3 times instead of 2 ) but only female-male and female-female greetings . 
  also common in eastern/southern europe but with the additional male-male bise ( at least for good friends and close family ) . 
  the same for the netherlands i think . 
  i tried to make a joke about the turkish denying the armenian genocide ever happened :p, 
   coolest police cars too . 
  could you elaborate on that ? 
  i think i 've seen some pretty nice german polizei cars , and the italians having a lamborghini police car . 
  i would say having the best bicycle infrastructure is what our country is best at . 
   armenia though ... hehe , sorry guys . 
  sorry for what ? 
  i do n't recall anything happening . 
  / r/thenetherlands would like a word with you . 
  i count almost 8000 more subscribers to our sub . 
  just drive a bit north and see how good highways can get . 
  you belgians just have terrible roads , not the americans amazing ones . 
  almost all of the traffic lights have sensors that detect an approaching car so it will turn green . 
  if it does n't turn green there probably is actually a car coming onto the traffic light from a different direction . 
  for the few junctions without detector i will stop ( but most of those turn off during the night ) . 
  there could always be someone approaching the junction at an high speed that i did n't notice . 
  but somehow the themed parties always were a bigger succes . 
  probably because everyone has an excuse to act crazy . 
  students will grab any opportunity to throw a themed party with lots of drinking . 
  supermarkets can sell beer and wine , hard liquors can only be bought in liquor stores ( some are connected to a supermarket ) . 
  bars and restaurants can sell both . 
  i think you need some kind of licence but it is not an hassle . 
  i think locally they can ban happy hours but it is not common to do so . 
  they can advertise alcohol but you need a disclaimer ( something like enjoy moderately and 18 + ) minimum purchase age is 18 + for bars and shops . 
  you can drink in public i think but being drunk you could get fined for although i do n't think you 'll get fined for it unless you are acting like a total idiot and start fighting people . 
  but you 'll probably get fined for that . 
  officially you are not allowed to ride your bike if intoxicated but no cop will ever fine you for that because they prefer you driving your bike drunk than your car . 
  it is uncommon to drive drunk and is socially not accepted ( maybe a wine or two along dinner are ok ) . 
  just like amsterdam/rotterdam , arnhem/nijmegen , deventer/zwolle , groningen/friesland ( the whole province ) in the netherlands . 
  mostly football related and some friendly banter . 
  there seems to be some kind of rivalry between cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf . 
  not sure why and how it originated . 
  you mean like octante ? 
  ( it is the only thing i know about belgian french ) . 
  i know but i was n't sure if all people would understand what flemish would be . 
  the stuff the belgians are speaking . 
  technically not in my country but i really like to mimic their accent , together with the one from limburg or brabant . 
  only time when our school had any flag was when someone of the royal family had their birthday ( and some other specific occasions ) . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/shitamericanssay/comments/5rtedu/im_frenchcolombianblack_but_when_visiting_europe/ ) thread on shit americans say talks about that same discussion . 
  i think about 50 % of the threads that show up on shit americans say are about `` heritage '' . 
  other popular topics are `` homogeneity '' , americans thinking the usa is culturally more diverse than europe and capitalism taken into the extreme . 
  other than that some gun stuff . 
  please do n't take that subreddit too seriously , we sometimes like our own european place to rant about stuff because the rest of the website is very usa centered .
