if your child does n't eat his vegetables and you punish him for it , do you do it out of vengeance ? 
  or do you do it to teach your child that he should in fact eat his veggies , and to deter your other children from skipping the greens as well ? 
  vengeance does not need to be a part of punishment . 
  that is the reason why a judge should determines the punishment and not the aggrieved party . 
  is there anywhere where i can read this plan ? 
  because it is all fine and well that he announced his plan and is now going to tour europe but that does n't tell me jack about the plan itself . 
   a nativity scene so figurines of maria jozef and baby jesus in the barn the day he was born has nothing to do with religion ? 
  but it just goes to show that there are differences in europe , 
  the only association i have with eastern with regards to religion is that it is 6 weeks after carnival , and you are supposed to fast during that time , which nobody does . 
  christmas however , it is still common to go the the church on christmas eve even for non-religious people and have a nativity scene under the tree . 
  so my experience is the complete opposite of what you are saying . 
  eastern completely devoid of all religion and christmas still very much culturally religious . 
  luckily for you limburg is on both sides of the border . 
  so it is both attractive and incomprehensible at the same time . 
  a truly wonderful tongue indeed . 
  well , then we do a military intervention on the behest of the rightful recognized local government . 
  just like we do now . 
  so , no problems there . 
  then we finally can declare war on the fuckers . 
  i 'd be all for it . 
  and the ones that do say no . 
  is that not how a democracy should work ? 
  people that do n't give a fuck do n't vote and do whatever the people that do give a fuck give a fuck about . 
  say you have 10 people that are going to decide on a restaurant . 
  7 do n't give a fuck but 2 are vegetarian , ( and does give a fuck about meat ) , and one is a meat lover . 
  a vegetarian restaurant it is . 
  say you have 17 million people that are going to decide on a treaty . 
  70 percent do n't give a fuck , 20 percent is against and 10 percent for the treaty . 
  a no it is . 
   you just end up with very expensive referendum ( ... ) . 
  you know what is expensive ? 
  giving billions to a corrupt government , that is . 
  the majority of the mp 's also did not read the text . 
  i do not see the problem . 
  oh , and these politicians were the ones that were saying vote yes or you are a friend of putin . 
  seems like the scare tactics you describe . 
  that is exactly the reason why a referendum is a good thing , because it forces the politicians to actually have to explain why they voted for a particular course of action . 
  and to explain something you first have to know a thing or two about it or your arguments will not stand up to scrutiny . 
  if it is n't important then it ca n't hurt either . 
  there is never a valid argument but the inability of politicians to explain their actions to be against direct democracy . 
  now that is quite a strong argument because sometimes you do not have the time or skill to educate the masses on why a particular action is beneficial . 
  that is also why we have a majority democracy instead of giving every mp or god forbid every citizen a veto . 
  but in times when our elected leaders not only serve their citizens but also the eu it is important to keep them accountable , especially concerning eu deals/laws . 
  because otherwise they 'll decide where their loyalties lie , and i can guarantee you that that is not you and me . 
  no it does n't , but if we are considering a trade deal it should be . 
  entering a trade deal that is a loss is a stupid decision . 
  and the current ukrainian government is not elected . 
  the previous ( corrupt ) one was . 
  you understand that an ever expanding welfare is unstainable , i understand that . 
  so explain to the masses why it is so . 
  that is being accountable , explaining your position and pray to the heavens that the masses agree . 
   these people are clueless and their vote means nothing because there should never have been a referendum about this treaty in the first place . 
  nearly half a million signatures where gathered in 6 weeks so a referendum was lawful . 
  it should 've happened and it did happen . 
  there are no two ways about it . 
   in the case of the ukraine referendum lots of voters had been fed the lie that this would be about their support for the eu . 
  the referendum was about the eu association agreement with ukraine . 
  this is what people voted for . 
  they did not want the eu to enlarge , in fact people want the eu to shrink . 
  and yes it is about integration into the eu . 
  in 2003 the commission prodi stated that there are 4 requirements for ukraine to join the eu . 
  first requirement was that it should be a free market , which was recognized by the eu in 2005 . 
  second ukraine had to join the wto , this happend in 2008 . 
  thirdly ukraine had to adopt eu law , which we see with this treaty . 
  and finally a free trade zone with the eu had to be established , also governed by this treaty . 
  that you believe that others believe yadiyadiya is not based on reality unfortunately . 
  the biggest bill per capita , and that is what matters . 
  as it comes to flat value we are 4th . 
  de with $ 15,5 billion , 81 million inhabitants ; fr with $ 7,1 billion , 66 million inhabitants ; uk with $ 4,9 billion , 64 million inhabitants ; nl with $ 4,7 billion , 17 million inhabitants ; and italy with $ 4,5 billion , 60 million inhabitants . 
  yup , people are voting for the wrong option . 
  the horror !, 
  i mean , demo in democracy definitely does not mean people , and cracy in no way shape or form can mean rule . 
  so that the people have the final say is most definitely undemocratic . 
  yes . 
  data of 2014 as a percentage if gni ( gross national income ) . 
  nl : -0,71 de : -0,52 se : -0,52 fi : -0,40 at : -0,38 be : -0,37 fr : -0,33 dk : -0,32 uk : -0,23 the rest all receive more money then they put in . 
  ukraine was promised billions of euro 's , which would 've been disproportionately dutch money and i have yet to hear what the netherlands would receive in return . 
  you understand that politicians have to be accountable to the people ? 
  compare it with a car mechanic . 
  you as a private citizen give the car mechanic ( representatives ) the power to decide how your car ( country ) should be fixed ( run ) . 
  however the mechanic is still accountable to you and if you see him doing something you do not like you at any point can demand him to explain his actions ( referendum ) after which you can give your approval to continue ( yes ) or to stop ( no ) . 
  it does not matter for what reason you ask the mechanic to explain himself . 
  these referenda ask the politicians to explain their actions to the voters who then either approve of those actions or not . 
  democracy at it 's finest . 
  if you are against it you are against the fact that politicians are accountable for their actions 99,9 % of the time ( 1460 days out of 1461 if the election cycle is exactly 4 years ) . 
  a no is a failure of politicians to adequately explain their actions ( they voted yes in parliament , so they should be able to explain why ) , nothing more , nothing less . 
  and before you say that politics are more complex then cars the principles remain the same , so that is not a valid argument . 
  that is why we are melting the the northpole , so the shorter northern route can be opened . 
  as a bonus the sea levels will rise so we can sell dykes and levees to the world as well . 
  and we are the second agricultural exporter in the world so any famine will be very profitable . 
  all in all good stuff . 
   to prevent fragmentation , there is a voting threshold of 7.5 % -- we do n't really need more than four or five parties . 
  why ? 
  i notice your dutch flair , parties like sgp and pvdd are the prime example of what would be kept out . 
  to small to ever enter the government but they offer people that have those particular concerns the opportunity to get them voiced . 
  see it as a democratic lobbying group , where citizen lobby with their vote , instead of corporations with their cash . 
  further more it gives new parties the opportunity to get name recognition with just one or two seats ( and hopefully get more the next election ) . 
  i 'm dead against any voting threshold of any kind . 
  you get enough votes for a seat , you get that seat . 
  and if you have to add bias it should be towards the smaller parties , not the bigger .
