google maps always has the country name in you language and the local language as well afaik, 
  interesting how norway uses the original greek name for greece ( or is derived from that ) . 
  i think there was another map like this ( maybe a police one ? ), 
  where norway was the only exception as well . 
  true , but this message is n't unusually specific . 
  it reads just like the one we have at work and at uni . 
  it 's probably a standard message ... 
  they 're not going to customise it for each of the several thousand websites they block . 
  it is n't . 
  even for office enterprise the customer is expected to have their own it services team to deal with most issues . 
  would you ? 
  i 've never heard an american say that . 
  according to merriam-webster it 's only used as a plural in print form because publishers usually mandate that . 
  criteria is plural though , so there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  ofc it 's also used as the singular , but that 's just like any word that has the same singular and plural ( deer , fish , sheep ... ) . 
   mathematica , which as any well educated latin speaker would know , is a plural . 
  which is , of course , incorrect :p . your etymology is correct , but it 's actually a mistranslation . 
  * mathematica * is a feminine noun , and so its plural is * mathematicae * . 
  yes , that 's a thing . 
  we usually use `` sport '' where you would use `` sports '' . 
  we also use `` sport '' where you would use `` sport '' . 
  and we use `` sporting '' as the adjective where you would use `` sports '' ( sporting injury vs. sports injury ) . 
  the data is complete . 
  data is still plural . 
  welcome to the english language !, 
  here are the rules . 
  yes , there are many . 
  now , here are the exceptions . 
  yes , there are even more . 
  or , you know , because the city of london paid for it to be rebuilt ? 
  that said , i dislike the name ( it 's stupid , they should rename it something that is n't derry or londonderry ) . 
  there 's not much we can do other than tolerate it . 
  we used to not tolerate it , and then [ look what happened ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles ) . 
  apparently not . 
  derry/londonderry sounds better , because you are n't consecutively repeating the same word . 
  putting london in brackets may give rise to the interpretation that it is less important , thereby angering some people . 
  remember , we 're talking about the same guys who brought you the flag ( fleg ) wars . 
  well , no , not really . 
  derry was destroyed and then a new city was built there named londonderry . 
  what would resolve the issue would be if it was renamed to something completely different . 
  wait , would you be stabbed if you called it derry , or if you called it londonderry ? 
  'cause the quote implies she wants you to call it derry , but that contradicts your opening statement ... 
  nothing too shocking ... 
  interesting that france has more self-hate than us , though , given they 're generally the ones labelled with the `` arrogant '' stereotype . 
  i feel like saying `` the british were good rulers '' is an excellent way to annoy people in pretty much every country outside europe . 
  this is why macedonia 's official name is the `` former yugoslav republic of macedonia '', 
  no , but he ca n't go back on a position he previously expressed . 
  he 's never expressed an opinion on metric vs imperial afaik , so he can still use it as an issue to pander with . 
  urgh , they 're in vote-grabbing mode again . 
  he does n't actually * mean * any of it . 
  just trying to claw back some of the ukip vote . 
  it 's quite pathetic really . 
  there are over twenty different triumphal arches in europe alone , and seven of them are called some variation of `` arch of triumph '' ... 
  it is illegal , as isis is a banned organisation under the terrorism act 2000 . 
  because flying the flag of certain organisations is illegal ( isis and other islamist organisations would be the most pertinent ones in this case ) . 
  additionally , the flying of most flags ( with certain exceptions listed [ here ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/15438/flying_flags_guide.pdf ) ) is subject to planning regulations and requires approval . 
  although the latter is n't strictly a police matter , the police will generally look into it anyway , and then hand over to the council if it turns out that there 's an issue . 
  the eu flag is one of the exemptions , so there was no issue here . 
  but they do enforce it , they are just selective about how strongly and when and which organisations . 
  they 're hardly about to go around ni ripping down all the ira flags - we 'd end up back at the troubles . 
  except america . 
  you can get away with all kinds of stuff under the first amendment there . 
  no , not really . 
  essentially the offence is either being a member of a proscribed terrorist organisation , or arousing reasonable suspision that you are a member . 
  the former is more serious , but the latter can carry a fine . 
  it 's to stop people jokingly flying the flag and claiming to be a member , so as to prevent undue distress to members of the public . 
  its a free country in that we all get together and decide how someone ought to behave in a public place . 
  waving around the flag of a brutal terrorist organisation has ( rightly , in my opinion ) been decided to be unacceptable . 
  bear in mind that even if we did n't have this law ( the terrorism act 2000 ) you could probably still be arrested for waving around offensive flags under various public order legislation . 
  i am not disagreeing with you in that regard . 
  all i 'm saying is that the line is always drawn heavily on the side of caution . 
  if they think there is any truth to the claim they will investigate . 
  just like they investigate every single dropped 999 call . 
  clearly , as we can see from this article , they do enforce it , or at least investigate . 
  the reason they probably do n't do anything about ira and uda flags in belfast is because no one complains , and they 've been told not to for political reasons . 
  if i flew an ira flag from my house here in england i 'm fairly sure i would be investigated . 
  by relevant , i mean the post . 
  we are n't talking about ira/uda flags , we 're talking about isis flags . 
  no , they would n't come for that . 
  but they will come for anything that might possibly be construed as an offence . 
  they hardly want to ignore a call and then realise two days later that the body they 've found is of that person whose call they ignored . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  just because no one bothers to enforce it , does n't make the law invalid . 
  they 're still illegal . 
  isis/isil/is is a proscribed terrorist organisation , and so `` displaying articles in public in such a way ... as [ to ] arouse reasonable suspicion that an individual is a member or supporter of the proscribed organisation '' is an offence under section 13 of the terrorism act 2000 . 
  you can get a 6 month sentence and a # 5,000 fine . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/354891/proscribedorganisationsaug14.pdf ), 
  where does it say that ? 
  the isis flag is illegal in the uk , and so if someone reports an `` arabic flag '' the police have a duty to investigate . 
  obviously in most cases they wo n't actually do anything - you 're perfectly entitled to fly the flag of any arabic country . 
  pretty sure . 
  although i 'm open to being corrected :p, 
  this is a much nicer label . 
  is it a new one ? 
  not in this context . 
  that 's only for direct speech where the period is superfluous . 
  when quoting fragments any punctuation inside is irrelevant . 
  would probably lead to a constitutional crisis . 
  but if they had n't had that vote last year they 'd be in the clear . 
  oh , yeah , internationally we need un permission , or permission from assad .
