  wedding rings are usually simple bands . 
  commonwealth countries are looked upon more favourably than neighbouring non-commonwealth countries ( e.g. , canada more than the us , india more than thailand , kenya more than mali ; but that does n't mean people prefer kenya to the us ) . 
  this extends to many things , from news coverage to the way educational qualifications from less developed countries are treated ( as in , with the exception of the us , quals from commonwealth countries are treated more favourably than quals from non-commonwealth countries ) . 
  as for current colonies ( british overseas territories ) , people do n't * really * care about them . 
  if they voted to leave the uk i doubt anyone would be too upset . 
  however , people do get upset if there are moves to forcibly decolonise them ( like when the un says something occasionally ) or invades them ( looking at you , argentina ) . 
  but to most people they 're places rich people and diplomats go to retire , military bases , or tax havens . 
  edi : also i think the uk has more current colonies than france does . 
  most of the french ones are n't really colonies so much as full members of the country . 
  calling guadeloupe a colony of france is like calling hawaii an american colony . 
  not having a codified constitution in a single document , i suppose the first clause still in force from the oldest constitutional document in the corpus will have to do :  `` first , that we have granted to god , and by this present charter have confirmed for us and our heirs in perpetuity , that the english church shall be free , and shall have its rights undiminished , and its liberties unimpaired . 
   `` that we wish this so to be observed , appears from the fact that of our own free will , before the outbreak of the present dispute between us and our barons , we granted and confirmed by charter the freedom of the church 's elections - a right reckoned to be of the greatest necessity and importance to it - and caused this to be confirmed by pope innocent iii . 
  this freedom we shall observe ourselves , and desire to be observed in good faith by our heirs in perpetuity . 
   `` to all free men of our kingdom we have also granted , for us and our heirs for ever , all the liberties written out below , to have and to keep for them and their heirs , of us and our heirs . '', 
  for you to have been ` recognised ' as sovereign you need to have come into existence after the notion of sovereignty was established . 
  the uk ( or england , scotland , and ireland at least ) existed before sovereignty was defined in the peace of westphalia , so no one had to ever recognise them as sovereign . 
  because if they did n't everyone would assume russia . 
  germany , austria , or switzerland probably . 
  partly because i speak german and partly because i think they 're the closest culturally to england . 
  8-ball is almost non-existent . 
  when people say ` pool ' they mean blackball . 
  offer their opinions on the politics of the country they 're visiting . 
  which one is insulting ? 
  lots of people these days do fun things after the service , especially stuff the the dead person enjoyed doing , as a way to celebrate their life . 
  kim philby and the cambridge five were recruited by the kgb out of cambridge university and went on to get top positions in mi6 , passing all of the information they had access to on to the russians . 
  yes , easily . 
  no country needs to spend as much as the us does on defence . 
  look at where the uk is with 2 % gdp spending . 
  if we increased that to 4 % we 'd be absolutely fine to stand on our own completely . 
  also universal healthcare is n't that expensive . 
  the us is just shit at spending efficiently . 
  can you define ` europe ' ? 
  do you mean eu/eea members , council of europe members , what ? 
  also can you define ` european ' ? 
  do you mean people born in europe with citizenship by birth of a country in europe ? 
  do you mean people who have had at least x generations of being in europe ? 
  english , german , french , spanish , italian . 
  also telugu , hindi , and latin but not sure if you 're only after non-dead european languages . 
  italian and spanish is only basic tourist stuff , french is a little better ( i can understand movies and things without subs but ca n't speak very well ) , german is semi-fluent , english is native . 
  foreign languages available at school were french , german , and spanish . 
  the mona lisa . 
  it 's a tiny painting behind an enourmaous glass box , and surrounded by swarms of tourists taking selfies and whatever else . 
  on the wall opposite is a spectacular wall sized work of art with no one looking at it . 
  probably france ? 
   why do americans ... 
  proceeds to ask in ask ** europe ** . 
  why do n't you try / r/askanamerican ? 
  straight out of uni with a decent meng degree , around # 2,000 to # 3,500 per month ( before tax ) . 
  within europe everything except the actual plug configuration is standardised to 230v/50hz . 
  so you only need plug adapters , not transformers or anything . 
  but then what 's a stove ? 
  well a hob is the burners , regardless as to whether they 're mounted onto an oven or not . 
  so what would you call [ this ] ( http://content.ao.com/productimages/rvlarge/bc190-2ss_ss_rangecooker_fr_l.jpg ) sort of item ? 
  we 'd call it a cooker , and the top bit with the burners is a hob and the bottom bit with the door is an oven . 
  a stove is a cooker i think . 
  a hob is the top bit of a stove where you put pots and pans . 
  [ picture ] ( http://www.haverhillkitchens.co.uk/content/images/kbt/cda_appliances/gas/hcg501wh-gas-hob-lr-2012.jpg ) edit : i think maybe you call a hob a stove-top ? 
  yeah , i understand how the theory of how it works . 
  so basically the plate itself does n't directly get hot , but it gets hot because the pan put on it gets hot ? 
  might try it out at some point . 
  did you need to get new pans that worked with ut or anything ? 
  oh yeah , that was the other problem . 
  someone in my halls burned themselves quite badly because they leaned on it and someone had forgotten to switch it off . 
  hmm , i 'm more interested in the cooling down . 
  on a gas hob if something 's boiling over i can just turn the flame down and it stop immediately , but with an electric one it takes a few minutes to cool , so i actually have to remove the pan completely from the heat while the hob changes temperature . 
  it 's not a province . 
  a province is called a * region * in the uk . 
  scotland is like a * state * in a federal system ( except the uk is n't quite federal but that 's mostly a technicality ) . 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  are you including the induction things in electric cookers ? 
  i would n't have thought something as silly as what cooker you use would be class divided . 
  but then if it 's going to happen anywhere i suppose it would be england ... 
  i 'm from yorkshire . 
  not , not induction , just the hot plate type thing . 
  how are induction hobs ? 
  we 've mostly always had a separate hob and oven . 
  and , anecdotally , so does everyone i know . 
  had a combined electric cooker in uni halls and it was the worst . 
  having a gas hob ( either with a gas oven in a cooker , which seems to be really unusual , or separate from the oven ) is one of the criteria we choose flats on now . 
  gas hob , electric oven is the norm in the uk . 
  ca n't stand electric hobs because they take so much time to change temperature . 
  they 're bloody awful . 
  electric ovens are okay though , because you usually just spend a long time at a single temperature with an oven . 
  well van gaal just ca n't speak english . 
  there 's a difference . 
  a dutch accent while speaking english sounds very close to a neutral bbc accent anyway . 
  i often have trouble telling dutch people apart from native speakers . 
  and hardly anyone actually speaks rp these days . 
  the people who would have done just all sound like david cameron . 
  bad teeth and bad food . 
  not sure where either of those two came from , but they are really quite annoying . 
  cheese-eating surrender monkey , i thought ? 
  i really like all the films in the bourne series ( including the most recent one , but excluding the one without matt damon because i have n't seen that ) . 
  they 're action done properly , with excellent story and plotting to add substance to impressive set pieces . 
  totally acceptable in the uk , as long as it 's a proper university with accredited degrees . 
  lots of people have open university degrees and they 're generally seen as a good thing and it shows the persom has lots of personal initiative and commitment etc. 
  quite a lot in london . 
  there 's [ bodean 's ] ( http://bodeansbbq.com/ ) , which does american-style barbecue and roast meats . 
  then there are loads of diner-y type places , like [ ed 's ] ( http://www.edseasydiner.com/ ) . 
  and we have [ five guys ] ( http://www.fiveguys.com/ ) .
