   how do you `` interpret '' it to mean ? 
  well let 's break it down : * a militia is an army of civilians raised as needed by the state for its defence . 
  * the usa , at the time of writing of the 2nd amendment , did not have a standing professional army . 
  * much of the usa at that time did not have well-established law enforcement . 
  * `` the right to keep and bear arms '' was and is a well established phrase that allows people to own arms and use in self-defence or in defence of the state , as directed by the government . 
  taking that together , the meaning is obvious : us citizens have a right to own arms for the purpose of self-defence and , should the government direct them to do so , for the purpose of defence of the state . 
  it does not imply a right to use arms * against * the state , as some gun advocates seem to think . 
  however , two of those facts about the time in which the 2nd amendment was written are no longer true . 
  the usa has widespread and well-established law enforcement , and the usa has a well equipped professional standing army to defend itself . 
  as such , i do n't believe it 's * necessary * for this right to still exist , at least for the purpose it was originally intended . 
  though , like i said , that 's for you to decide . 
  the 2014 election was pretty big in the uk . 
  it got at least as much national coverage as a london mayoral election or an important by-election ( like the one where ukip won ) , if not more . 
  i 'm surprised you missed it ... edit : having said that it 's entirely possible i live irl in an echo chamber where everyone around is aware of what 's going on politically and not voting is a sure-fire way to get people annoyed with you really quickly . 
  apple is the obvious one . 
  some clothes companies as well ( mainly stuff like brooks bros and other ` preppy ' stuff ) . 
  other than that i ca n't think of many . 
  to be honest , outside technology , clothing , and low to mid restaurants i could n't name many american brands that i see on a regular basis , let alone premium ones . 
  yeah but puerto rico is like gibraltar or the falkland islands . 
  it 's not part of the usa , it 's a territory/colony . 
  banning things because the public deem them unacceptable is the entire basis of organised government and civilisation . 
  private companies in the uk . 
  a big one is experian , but there are a few others as well . 
  banks and loans companies ( including mobile phone companies and other contract based subscriptions ) give them information about you and can also look you up to see if you 're high risk or not . 
  that is n't the ( statute ) law , it 's just a summary of the various precedents so that normal citizens do n't need to dig through trial verdicts . 
  and this is actually the proper reason ` behind the scenes ' privatisation is bad . 
  it means that the nhs is no longer acting as a single purchaser , so the price will go up . 
  well i 'd rather you were n't here . 
  we 're perfectly capable of manning our own military bases . 
  i particularly hope we do n't renew the contract regarding the base on the british indian ocean territory ... 
  as an aside , the british government is planning to withdraw fully from germany by 2020 . 
  buy chicken . 
  buy chicken coop 3 . 
  place chicken in chicken coop 4 . 
   1824 did n't edinburgh found their fire brigade like a month before this happened ? 
  i have an england cricket one that i only ever wear on holiday in other countries, 
  we do n't seem to have riots in protest much . 
  we have protests for political reasons , and riots when theiving scum see and opportunity for a bit of mass burglary , but hardly ever riots for political reasons . 
  i guess the last time would be in the 80s with the poll tax . 
  yes , but america pursed fairly isolationist policies for much of its history , and the uk was bogged down in european political machinations . 
  as a colony america was relatively unimportant and unprofitable , it only really becomes internationally of note in the 1800s . 
   us and uk history is so interrelated but only in like the past two hundred years . 
  our history lessons start with the romans invading britain in ad 43 and have to make it all the way to wwii in about six years . 
  yeah this is what i use . 
  not sure what else you could use , especially if you 're in a flat with no garden . 
  it 's actually surprisingly more democratic than people think . 
  the ` unelected ' upper house ( which is n't really unelected because they are * your * government ministers who you elect ) is a compromise to ensure the smaller states with fewer parliamentary seats do n't get completely screwed over . 
  the only thing i really wish they would change is make the process of presenting new bills more open . 
  right now only the commission ( which really is unelected ) can propose new legislation . 
  i 'd like it if it were more like national governments where any citizen can propose legislation . 
  \\ #etonbanter also dimbleby went to charterhouse so he 's really not one to talk . 
  if you can get a 3.2 or higher then that will massively improve your chances of getting on to a course . 
  i would n't bother with the gre if you 're set on applying to european universities , afaik none of them use it . 
  they just look at your gpa , so there 's no point in studying for the gre when you could be trying to increase your gpa instead . 
  that said , a 3.0 is not the end of the world , and the chances are that you 'll still be able to find somewhere to go , but it might not have the same name recognition in the us as somewhere like edinburgh ( which needs a 2:1 / 3.2 ) . 
  okay , well for the uk you can look at a ranking table [ like this one ] ( http://www.thecompleteuniversityguide.co.uk/league-tables/rankings?s=librarianship%20%26%20information%20management ) to see which universities are the best in different fields . 
  loughborough seems to be the best for information management ( if you mean what it means here , which is basically librarianing ) . 
  [ their masters course ] ( http://www.lboro.ac.uk/study/postgraduate/programmes/departments/business-economics/info-management-business-tech/ ) requires a 2:2 * preferably * in a related subject . 
  according to their [ conversion table ] ( http://www.lboro.ac.uk/international/applicants/study-options/postgraduate-taught/international-qualification-equivalencies/ ) a 2:2 is equivalent to a 2.8 gpa . 
  this is likely to be the absolute minimum you 'd need to study for a masters ' in the uk . 
  no university will take someone who got a 3rd class or simple pass degree on for postgraduate study . 
  additionally , if your degree is * not * in a related field , you 'd likely be expected to get even higher grades in your undergrad to show that you can learn quickly and pick up the new information . 
  if i might ask , what 's your undergrad major and gpa ? 
  also why do you want to study abroad ? 
  do you have a preference for a country or region of europe ? 
  hagelslag is the best . 
   honey nut cheerios you can get these in the uk . 
  they 're my second favourite cereal . 
  porridge . 
  also some people put warm milk in their cereal , it 's quite nice . 
   ( obviously this does n't work historically , but still ... ), 
  you could argue that our regional identities are * so * strong that they have become national identities . 
  ( obviously this does n't work historically , but still ... ), 
  or at least have them uniform in schengen, 
  yes . 
  eating out is significantly more expensive than it is in america . 
  get a post office travel money card . 
  you can get ones for euros , so it 'll work everywhere except denmark and sweden . 
  you may need to get cash for those places . 
  you pre-load them in the uk , so you do n't need to deal with conversion charges everytime you pay , and they just act like a debit card after that . 
  tbh it 's worth carrying some cash on you when you travel , in case you 're in a pinch and need to get somewhere quickly . 
  i always carry the equivalent of # 20-40 with me in cash when i 'm travelling . 
   i find it odd for the metric thread sizes you can buy locally , your local ads do n't seem to mention thread pitch ( for example : m8-1 .25 x40 would be 40 mm long with a major diameter close to 8 mm , and one and a quarter threads per mm . 
  the distance between ajacent thread crowns is 1.25 mm . ), 
  i 'm not sure what you mean or why they 'd have to mention pitch . 
  you just buy the correct m size bolt for your hole and get a matching nut of the same m size . 
  pitch is standardised across m numbers . 
  unless of course you 've sufficient cups to not care about scratching it with the spoon . 
  yeah happens occasionally if we drop a load of money on something in one go or travel to multiple countries in a short time . 
  plane tickets tend to set things off , especially if it 's an airline we have n't used before . 
  it has n't happened for years though . 
  they usually put a temporary lock on the card and call us to check . 
  if it 's fine the lock 's lifted immediately . 
  i think it used to happen a lot more in the early days on online payments and stuff . 
  uk ( obviously ) , germany , france , italy , switzerland , austria , czech republic . 
  so only 7 , or 6 if you exclude the uk . 
  on the list to visit in the near future ( next year or so ) are the netherlands , belgium , and ireland . 
  yeah , cold vodka is n't as bad , but it does have to be properly cold to stop any ethanol fumes from escaping ( since it 's the fumes that make it taste awful ) . 
  i just generally prefer gin over vodka if i want to have a rectified spirit based liquor . 
  oh , really ?
