  it would make the referendum vote invalid as well . 
  i really do n't see how you could think they 'd backtrack , it 's not even in their own self-interest :p, 
  they ca n't backtrack , there 'd be a revolt . 
  even in england it would be unacceptable, 
  they 'll go up if scotland goes indie , at least until they join the eu . 
  you ca n't , hence why they do n't count and i currently ca n't go on a foreign holiday by car . 
  perhaps i should have said `` using road based wheeled motor vehicles as my only mode of transportation '' . 
  is that more clear now ? 
  involves a train :p, 
  we 've just had a `` few years of economic hardship '' . 
  you know , recession , eurozone crisis , all that minor stuff which definitely has n't increased unemployment or left more people in poverty . 
  else we may be in for a more northerly repeat of 2011, 
  2 ) i can go on a foreign holiday without leaving my car . 
  they must have included russia in that ... 
  there 's no way you 're central within the eu , that would be somewhere along the german-polish border . 
  maybe there 'll be a gibralterian independence movement now . 
  union with spain ? 
  either way it would be a commonwealth realm ( like canada or australia ) until it gets rid of the monarchy . 
  i 'm assuming we 're not allowed to use sources hidden behind paywalls ? 
  ( the times , specifically ), 
  if you need anymore , pro-union yorkshireman living in london here . 
  i 'll be around pretty much all the time until sunday , 
  i might be wrong , but is n't france 's front nationale strongly eurosceptic , and currently holding the largest portion of france 's eup seats ? 
  nope . 
  not unless you 're watching language specific channels , and then you would n't want them dubbed or subbed . 
  voice over is what they do on the news when someone is speaking a language unlikely to be understood . 
  basically spoken subtitles over a muted or quietened original soundtrack . 
   so obviously any trial that occurs from this point on has no authority over the agent because his detention is illegitimate , right ? 
  i think you 're under the impression russia has a fair and open legal system :p, 
   a border of a nato ally can be crossed by a crowd of thugs correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't this exactly how mexican drugs make it into the us ? 
  yeah i know about that . 
  it 's the ukip crowd getting in a tiff ( which i should n't really say so dismissively , since unfortunately they 're fast becoming a large portion of the public ) but i think many people who are otherwise ambivalent or supportive of the echr would be annoyed by a ruling against the uk on this issue . 
  i know i would be . 
  honestly , all the major tourist places in london are `` tourist traps '' . 
  i would n't recommend that people * do n't * go , i would just recommend that they do n't spend a lot of time in them and certainly do n't buy anything . 
  the best way to do it is to take the tube from wherever you are down to westminster . 
  then walk along whitehall ( you can see downing street , st. james 's palace , etc. ), 
  up to trafalgar square . 
  next walk down the mall to buckingham palace and then through green park to reach piccadilly . 
  walk along piccadilly ( you can see the ritz , fortnum and mason and a few other places ) . 
  then once you get to piccadilly circus go down coventry street until you get to leicester square . 
  then go home . 
  you 'll have seen pretty much every major tourist attraction in central london . 
  does * anyone * stay on the rm during the fringe ? 
  there 's literally nothing to do there . 
  cowgate seemed like the best place . 
  grassmarket has nice views of the castle especially at fireworks time . 
  the only good thing about ls is the odeon when it 's showing a new release on opening night . 
  also the haagen-dazs shop . 
  but that 's overpriced as well . 
  i do n't have a beef with the echr as of now , they do some good work , and they were absolutely right in making us wait for a treaty to be signed before deporting abu qatada . 
  but this is ridiculous . 
  there 's no chance we 'd compromise american , canadian , australian and new zealander national security because the echr told us having a secret treaty was a violation of human rights . 
  the echr is n't a part of the eu either , so we can deal with it totally independently . 
  hahahahahahaha ahahhahah ahahah hah yeah , no . 
  not going to happen . 
  even if we listened ( which we wo n't ) , the echr has no jurisdiction over the us , canda , australia or new zealand . 
  especially the north-eastern german speaking parts . 
  or southern germany/bavaria . 
  also i speak german , so there 's that . 
  final assembly of the uk craft was going to be in the uk ( bae blackpool afaik ) . 
  much of the programming and computer wizardry was done from bae in the uk as well . 
  so all \u017cyds are \u017byds , but not all \u017byds are \u017cyds ? 
  how do you differentiate when speaking ? 
  this sounds about right . 
  edit : relevant : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2fk6bn/russian_fsb_claims_to_have_detained_an_estonian/cka278g, 
  how about ask [ demonym ] , like ask germans , ask estonians , ask the french ( ask frenchies ? 
  there were some technical issues with the f35s being made by bae in the uk , which was obviously massively blasted out of proportion by the media . 
  as far as i know we 're still on track to have them before the carriers go fully operational in 2020 . 
  i do n't think that was ever the plan ( unfortunately ) . 
  at least we 'll be the only eu nation to be able to continuously run a supercarrier , since france decided to sell ships to russia instead of building another * charles de gaulle * :p, 
  at least in the developed world we were . 
  * anymore i think that 's the qualifier this sentence needed . 
  because apparently us and france are the only ones who do n't live in a dream world where war is a thing of the past and everything is puppies and rainbows ? 
  also , we do n't rely on russian oil . 
  edit : and we 're not being noble by supporting eastern europe , even though it may be couched in those terms . 
  if russia takes them over that 's bad for the eu , which is bad for us economically . 
  it 's not just the big things either , it 's a complete mess from top to bottom . 
  some places ca n't even get a website sorted , and when they do ( for several hundreds of thousands ) it 's a piece of shit . 
  i could make them a better website for less . 
  it seems that healthcare and it are doomed to failure . 
  i have encountered similar problems here in the uk . 
  ... * pats head * ... 
  okay then . 
  there 's no way out of this now . 
  either that was a freudian slip , in which case * what were you thinking about ? 
  * or autocorrect in which case * why is sperm on your autocorrect list ? 
   i really do hope you guys can manage to ignore a lot of the negative press and stay within the eu . 
  you are vitally needed , and a refreshing dose of practicality to some of our continental nonsense . 
  i hope so too . 
  if we do n't stay in the eu we can say goodbye to having any kind of global influence . 
  ukip and their cronies are basically longing for a return to the glory days of empire ( which is why they like the commonwealth so much -- never mind that most of the commonwealth do n't want a commonwealth free trade area ) rather than looking forward at new ways we can be globally important . 
  it 's really disheartening sometimes . 
   typical belgian news story is boring as fuck anyways . 
  good luck making it sensational . 
  we 've just had a week of news on the fact that an old lady accidentally took a man 's ice cream cake out of the freezer , causing it to melt , on a tv baking show . 
  they manage here in the uk :p, 
  it does n't bother me . 
  i 've always assumed that all tabloids do this , and have come to peace with the idea that most of the population will always believe it . 
  the only thing that stops the country from falling apart is that the people in charge know what they 're doing .
