  what i mean is the pm does n't need permission from parliament . 
  well , technically , he * always * had permission to bomb iraq and syria . 
  the only person he is obliged to ask is the queen , and she 's not going to stop him . 
  this is n't gaining permission , so much as support . 
  no , because technically they are n't operating out of cyprus , they 're operating out of our two little colonies on cyprus . 
  you and me both : e ofc the new glorious yuropean empire should be democratic and stuff . 
  on the point of your fanta , what the hell do you put in it to make it so * orange * ? 
  best compliment i 've received in a while , danke sch\u00f6n :p, 
  so is the power projection . 
  makes us feel all warm and fuzzy . 
  now you must progress to / r/yurop and embrace the glory . 
  together we shall defeat / r/murica . 
  it is illegal in the uk , and probably a few other eu countries as well . 
  freedom of speech comes with responsibilities which includes not trying to get people to murder other people . 
  but it 's a submission about the uk , so obviously my reply was implied to be limited to the uk only ... 
  it may well be mobile phone companies covering their own butts , since anyone can get mobile internet without signing a contract ( if you have a contract you do n't get this unless you * opt in * in my experience ) and they might potentially maybe possibly be somewhat liable if a minor `` accidentally '' ends up seeing something they should n't ( it could potentially be argued by overzealous parents with access to a good lawyer that the mobile phone company has a duty of care ) . 
  add to that the mumsnet lobby , and as a phone company you 've got quite a compelling case to just go ahead and implement the filter with the option to opt out . 
  i do n't know about all this nonsense about passports ; generally you just need id to show that you 're over 18 ( and if you 're not , you can get your parents to do it :p ) . 
  in the uk , yes . 
  i do n't know about anywhere else since i 've never used mobile internet abroad . 
  i do n't know about vodafone , but o2 has had this for at least the last eight years ... 
  it 's not even a law , it 's just the government lobbying them with the threat of a law ( which they would never actually get through parliament ) if they do n't comply . 
  all mobile phone companies have been doing this for years ... you do n't get it on normal internet . 
  right , i suppose your right to carry ar-15s in the street ought to be defended as well ? 
  there 's freedom everywhere to wear what one wants to wear , but the culture is different there and here ... 
  i do n't see why you 're being so defensive , its not as if its a bad or good thing . 
  its just different . 
  but if full devolution takes place , with a full english parliament , and separate english mps , labour * wo n't * be shut out of westminster . 
  i was n't working though , i 'm not talking about work attire , i mean general weekend attire . 
  it 's much more casual in the us . 
  yep , that 's kind of what i meant . 
  mostly it wo n't actually affect you in any measurable way , but everyone is quite aware of it , and people will judge you based on it . 
  is n't the stereotype that our teeth are really bad ? 
  ( which is n't true :p ), 
  yes , i suppose . 
  there tends to be this image of european cities ( particularly in asia ) as being museum pieces and not `` real '' . 
  of course the truth is quite harshly different . 
  the fifth home nation then ? 
  well i 've never heard it before . 
  i change my underwear daily , as does everyone else i know . 
  for those who care . 
  yep basically . 
  i do n't know how strong some of the other movements are , but the basque and catalonian ones definitely seem strong enough to deserve a vote . 
  scotland is a part of the uk ... 
  `` aoi '' is generally pronounced as `` ee '' or something similar . 
  i do n't know much about irish , but that 's one of the few things that 's common enough to pick up . 
  for example , saoirse is pronounced seershay, 
  is that a stereotype about the uk ? 
  [ according to the united nations statistics division , poland is eastern europe ... ] ( http://unstats.un.org/unsd/methods/m49/m49regin.htm#europe ), 
  but is n't the uk & ireland generally lumped into northern europe ? 
  ** uk ** * we do drink a lot of tea . 
  * [ all those lists of overly polite ways of admonishing people and complaining are absolutely true ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/howaboutthat/10280244/translation-table-explaining-the-truth-behind-british-politeness-becomes-internet-hit.html ) . 
  * we say sorry , please and thank you at least five hundred times a day . 
  * everyone is judging you , but no one will say it . 
  you will only notice if you look deep into their eyes . 
  i do n't think that 's just limited to women either :p in texas i looked overdressed in a pair of jeans and a collared shirt ( which is what i wear every day here ) . 
  try some good pubs if you want `` english '' food , otherwise you can try chinatown for chinese and ealing road in wembly for good indian ( brick lane is british-indian which is very different ) . 
  edgeware road is good for lebanese and middle eastern food . 
  the locals will never do anything but complain , it 's british culture :p, 
  nah , it 's the welsh who are in it with the sheep :p, 
  mm , yeah , i get that people find paris prettier . 
  i prefer the architecture in london ( less gold paint = better for me :p ) , but paris is a lot more green , with more trees and things . 
  i think that 's because all the major attractions in london are in a 3km radius of westminster and you can cover them all in three days ( one for westminster/buckingham palace , one for south ken and the museums , one for shopping ) . 
  sorry , yes . 
  i meant french and also italian . 
  the best italian is not necessarily better than london , but good italian is much more common . 
  i do n't think many people genuinely believe germany is still full of nazis ... 
  yeah , i got this a little in bavaria . 
  i found that generally it helped a lot to try and start the conversation with a little bit of german and then switch to english later . 
  actually , the tories ( and lib dems , but who cares about them ) seem quite positive about the whole thing , provided there 's also something in there for england ( which is fair enough ) . 
  it 's labour which is being all backtracky and a general pain in the arse because they do n't support an answer to the west lothian question , and so they ca n't support further scottish devolution . 
  i think it 's more that they would support those people to have a right to vote , whilst being somewhat ostrich-like about their own movements . 
  you were * this close * to becoming the fifteenth overseas territory :p, 
  there was a minor uprising in a northern province , nothing to be too concerned about . 
  obviously they were crushed mercilessly . 
  my experience of paris is that it 's exactly the same as london , but everyone speaks french and the food is better . 
  i think chinese tourists have this problem everywhere in the west . 
  i have noticed it in london as well . 
  naive would be pronounced `` nave '' , the diaeresis is what makes it `` nigh-eve '' . 
  berlin definitely is n't in the north eastern corner of germany , so no . 
  unless they represent where fox thinks the capitals might be :p, 
  but what about immigrants ? 
  english people who had retired there and lived there for a few years , people who are n't white british , or even born in the uk ? 
  i do know what you 're saying , but those non-scottish scots ( for want of a better term ) do live there as well and have just as much right to vote in the future of their country . 
  maybe eu and ruk university students ( i.e. 
  those who were n't in scotland prior to uni ) could have been excluded , but then why set a double standard ? 
  how do you define scots though ? 
  it 's not like there 's a separate scottish citizenship . 
  you had to be living in scotland for the majority of the previous year , afaik . 
  i know ( english ) people who were first year uni students ( in scotland ) in the 2013/14 year who were able to vote, 
  they generally do n't get past the world cup qualifiers, 
  they already have their own football team :p, 
  it is n't in their self-interest to backtrack . 
  if they do their careers in politics will be over . 
  whether or not parliament passes the laws is an entirely separate issue . 
  so cameron may not backtrack . 
  if parliament votes no that 's hardly his fault . 
  of course , it wo n't stop people blaming him . 
  that said , parliament wo n't vote no * if * the west lothian question is satisfactorily answered . 
  this is rather different to a general election , and i think cameron is intelligent enough to recognise that .
