  i 've read three articles on this , and all three bring up the above quoted issue . 
  i assume that the laws in question are local laws resulting from eu directives , and that 's where the issue comes from . 
   but governments are concerned about a foreign data protection authority making binding decisions that they would then have to enforce . 
   for example , if a complaint originated in denmark against a company based in ireland , the danish authorities would have to implement a decision by the irish data protection body , something that is both legally and politically difficult . 
  right , then why is the jurisdiction/enforcement thing an issue ? 
   a `` one-stop-shop '' arrangement would allow companies to deal exclusively with the data protection authority in the country where it has its main establishment . 
  but governments are concerned about a foreign data protection authority making binding decisions that they would then have to enforce . 
  why ca n't the company deal exclusively with the jurisdiction in which the complaint originated ? 
  that way , a german citizen would be protected by german laws even though facebook is in ireland , and also the german law enforcement would n't have to enforce irish laws . 
  i do n't actually understand the practicalities of this . 
  if someone in german complains , then will facebook be dealing with irish or german law ? 
  if the former , then nothing 's really changed ; if the latter , then the whole `` legally and politically difficult '' thing is a non-issue . 
  ah , okay then , 
  yes , i think so . 
  probably not super-quickly , but i would think we 'd do something by the time russia arrived at the balklands . 
  if the us withdrew i think the biggest thing that would change would be that we would have to come up with a joint military command structure , which is a really good thing that needs to happen . 
  was this meant to be directed towards me ? 
  yeah , well that 's fine then . 
  they protect us , we spend money on things other than guns . 
  well , we would spend money on that if the us was n't protecting us . 
  we are technologically , and financially capable of doing that . 
  we choose not to , because the us presence renders it pointless . 
  well , yea . 
  that 's what i meant when i said  it 's not like europe will be overrun by putin if they withdraw we are capable of defending ourselves . 
  americans should n't obliged to protect us if they do n't want to . 
  if they do want to , then fine . 
  right , and that 's fine if they still want to use europe to prop up the us military-industrial complex . 
  they do that , we keep spending that extra money on making europe a nice place to live in . 
  but , i 'm saying that if the us do n't want to , it 's not like europe will be overrun by putin if they withdraw . 
  why should the us support the eu ? 
  wwii was a long time ago -- we 're perfectly capable of defending ourselves , we just choose not to because the us still protects us . 
  if they reduced their support to a mutual aid agreement ( rather than proactive defence commitments ) they can keep their money , and we can defend ourselves without relying on external forces with varying priorities that may or may not align with our own . 
  or just a proper common defence & foreign policy with a nato-style command structure . 
  it 's worked great with the anti-piracy eu taskforce . 
  i actually agree with you . 
  it would also stop us ( europe ) acting like a spoilt child and pretending we do n't need an armed forces . 
  better all round for both sides of this alliance . 
  yeah , but so is lancaster haha . 
  oh really ? 
  that 's cool , i did n't know that . 
  tbh , i see no reason why cornwall should n't be devolved if it wants to be . 
  i 'm not really sure how strong the `` cornish '' sentiment is ... 
  i doubt it . 
  they are quite nationalistic ( in a good way ) , insofar as they have their own flag , language and a strong `` cornish '' identity ( you can definitely notice a difference across the border in devon , which is very much english ) . 
  but , in practical terms they 're just a county of england , and have been for a very long time . 
  unlike scotland & ireland ( and even wales to an extent ) which were originally separate countries . 
  well , yorkshire ( made up of three counties ) is traditionally quite culturally `` together '' , and were asked if they thought a yorkshire devolved parliament was a good idea . 
  they said no . 
  the conservatives are more business oriented , so their policies are against leaving , but pro reform . 
  that 's as opposed to ukip which takes a much more populist approach ... 
  the ones that do n't have a slogan choose not to i think ... 
  putin is power hungry , not insane . 
  i do n't think he would use them ... 
  currently they 've got seats in : * scotland * nw england * ne england * yorks & humber * w midlands * e midlands * sw england * se england x2 * london * e england going by opinions polls , they 're set to lose scotland . 
  in england they 're getting 10 % of the vote , which translates to roughly 6 seats . 
  i think they 'll keep : * london * sw * se * e * e mids * yorks & humber but again , i fail to see how this has any connection whatsoever to my question , or who i should vote for . 
  what ? 
  they still only have 8.8 % of the seats . 
  in the '09 eu elections they got 15 % of the uk seats and alde has 12 % of all eu seats . 
  like i said , alde wo n't get substantive representation in the uk in the same way the liberal democrats do n't get substantive representation . 
  i really do n't understand what your point is . 
  yes , i am . 
  alde wo n't get substantive representation in the uk in the same way the liberal democrats do n't get substantive representation . 
  i do n't really see why that 's relevant . 
   and will be decimated at the elections . 
  hence `` substantive '' well , proportional representation means it does n't really matter . 
  as long as they get enough votes to get a few meps . 
  it 's not like fptp where if you live in a safe seat and oppose the majority your vote is worthless . 
   a lot are against vaccinations even worse . 
  i did n't know that . 
  you mean the treaty of the bogue . 
  it was different because china agreed to allow britain to have extraterritorial rights over british subjects in china . 
  britain did n't just claim that right without so much as a how d'ya do . 
  she does , but currently only on environmental issues . 
  while i do n't deny they are important , they 're not the be-all and end-all . 
  verhofstadt and schultz were also really animated which was nice . 
  uk labour under milliband is just bad . 
  they never come up with any solutions . 
  they really just sit around accusing the conservatives of failing . 
  and if labour gets elected next year the conservatives will be just as bad . 
  what we need is mixed member proportional representation . 
  that 'll give them all a kick up the arse . 
  right . 
  e numbers are actually additives approved to be safe ; the exact opposite of what most people think of them !, 
  the whole ` anti-chemicals ' thing is silly . 
  this kind of nonsense is why more scientists do n't get involved in politics ; much to the detriment of politics ...  dihydrogen peroxide the official name is just hydrogen peroxide , the di - part is implied by the peroxide . 
   free market social democrats that , in combination with a less extreme stance on nuclear , and i would actually support them . 
  i 'm sure it would make them a much more popular party as well . 
   watermelon what ? 
  have n't heard that before :p is that like , er , coconut ? 
  green on the outside and red on the inside ? 
  i got really annoyed when the guy asked a really important question ( about the power of the european council to unilaterally choose a president ) and then did n't let schultz answer . 
  mm , she did get quite animated when they moved onto green issues , which was a glimpse of her potential , i suppose . 
  i do n't deny that . 
  the problem is that is n't why the greens oppose nuclear . 
  as far as i can tell , they oppose it for some obscure ideological reason . 
  exactly . 
  i do n't even know why they call themselves the green party ... for some of their branches `` anarchist '' would probably be a better term to describe them  _  did you see that thing from a while ago where someone went to a green party event and got loads of members to sign up for a petition to ban dihydrogen oxide ( or , as it is commonly know , water ) ? 
  yeah that was nice . 
  the other just seemed to respond to the questions and were quiet the rest of the time .
