  also keller did n't really say anything . 
  it was a bit sad to watch her , really . 
  yes , well that 's what happens when you react emotionally in an area where there is very little room for emotion . 
  i 'm not sold on the idea of renewables , to be honest . 
  they just are n't reliable enough . 
  we should be investing in new fission power plants which create much less waste , whilst also funding and supporting research into fusion . 
  if a breakthrough can be made there , then it will be revolutionary . 
  it 's pathetic is what it is . 
  they should be leading the way in evidence-based policy . 
  labour is part of s&d . why would n't there be substantive representation of alde ? 
  the liberal democrats are in that group . 
   effectively , the party group rules will just be a mechanism that disenfranchises the majority of uk representatives . 
  do n't even know why they put the local parties on the ballot tbh . 
  they should put the party groups on there , with an indicator of who 's a member . 
  hahah oh dear : / listening to guy on the debate has just strengthened my resolve to vote alde anyway . 
  they oppose , against all scientific evidence , nuclear power . 
  they should be actively supporting it . 
   these debates should be serving to show the eu in its best possible light . 
  i 'd disagree with you there . 
  people seem to be dissatisfied with the `` canned '' answer and super-polished politics . 
  i think they probably will respond better to slightly more ` human ' debating . 
  one thing i was annoyed with was how all the candidates had to speak english . 
  would 've been much better if they could have spoken in their own language and euronews had some translators . 
   i ca n't bear the thought of voting for my local alde party . 
  does it actually matter who your local party is though ? 
  would n't their meps have to vote along the group whips anyway ? 
   less regulation [ internally ] and more common policies . 
  -- verhofstadt i like this guy . 
  leaning more towards the alde . 
   that 's your opinion . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  the thing is , as much as * we * might want closer ties with the commonwealth , the rest of them do n't . 
  they 're only standing in london though : / . 
  i hope they do well , it 's always good to have more choice that is n't stark raving mad ( ukip ) . 
  that 's fine . 
  i do n't mean give parliament the same level of legislative initiative as the commission , that would be silly . 
  but , meps should have the opportunity to put a proposal forward . 
  in the uk we 've got private member 's bills for this . 
  they are treated very differently , and given much less debate time , but some great legislation has come out of them . 
  something similar could work . 
  join the club :p . it would be much better if the greens were either a single issue party , or a lobby group . 
  then i 'd only have a problem with their stance on nuclear . 
  just started watching it now . 
  going in i 'm leaning towards epp or alde , but we do n't have an epp party in the uk , so ... we 'll see how things are by debate 's end . 
  but as [ this ] ( http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/economy/foreign-trade/european-union-bans-indian-alphonso-mangoes-veggies-from-may-1/articleshow/34331767.cms ) article states , india * has * implemented new procedures from 1st april . 
  the ban was only in place from the 28th march . 
  it 's totally unnecessary knee-jerk reaction . 
  sure , they could have banned them until the new procedures were in place . 
  but they have n't . 
  they actually waited until the new procedures were about to come into force , and then banned them . 
  i do n't know ... there are pretty huge cultural differences in germany as well . 
  i suppose most germans would identify as ` german ' though , which is n't the case in the uk . 
  as for the commonwealth , it 's hogwash . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  canada is increasing ties with the us and s. america . 
  australia and new zealand are huge players in oceania . 
  india would quite frankly laugh . 
  the eu is ultimately the way forward . 
  i do n't think a useu is the right option . 
  what we 've got now is actually fine , we just need to limit the power of the commission to act independently , and grant legislative initiative to the meps . 
  american search warrant automagically applies worldwide ? 
  even at the height of the imperial era , we would n't have been so presumptuous outside our own colonies . 
  basically nil . 
  nothing on the times , guardian or the bbc . 
  the only reminder i had of it was in the form of a polling card the council sent me , and ukip 's stupid billboards . 
   but we ca n't and wo n't have it both ways , as much as we like the status quo . 
  well , you could if the uk became more federalised ( like germany ) . 
  to be honest , we basically run a federal system now , except that england has no independent representation . 
  it 's mostly misplaced imperial longing . 
  i can really think of no other reason . 
  as much as i would love to have trading ties with the commonwealth , the reality is it 's never really going to happen . 
  i thought got was the war of the roses . 
  the wall is hadrian 's wall , wildlings are the scottish . 
  the 100y war would be a westeros vs essos thing, 
  if we 're playing the `` crazy wars european kingdoms/empires have waged against one another '' game , try : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hundred_years'_war, 
  in the uk , no on both counts . 
  we are n't taught about government at all . 
  i had n't thought of that actually . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  maybe , then , no two from the same country is a better system ? 
  i think it 's important for the eu to not appear as if there is a bias towards one country . 
  it would fuel nationalistic tendencies , especially in a place like the uk . 
  i 'm not from the us ... 
  i have the little flag thing in my flair and everything . 
  i think you 've completely missed the point of the post . 
  i do n't really make any comment for or against further integration . 
  i 'm just suggesting a way that i think would make the eu more democratic ( mainly by giving the parliament more power ) . 
  which of the problems i have with the eu do you think are wrong ? 
  i was n't going to :p, 
   exactly . 
  yet , the individual commissioners are nominated by their governments , which i am arguing against . 
  oh i did n't know that . 
  the best thing would be to have the european council and commission president choose who they want ; with the condition of one per country . 
  then the ep can approve it . 
   i agree . 
  definitely much less of a problem than ep not having legislative initiative , for example ( or the bloody thing moving between brussels and strasbourg ) . 
  this is fairly ridiculous , i agree . 
  it should stop immediately . 
  well , they 'd have other powers , like approving executive decisions made by the commission , and they 'd be able to propose new laws . 
  the commissioners are n't supposed have any nationalistic agenda .
