  favourite stuff is probably the chicken from bodean 's ( i know their main thing is pork , but i 'm not a massive fan of pork ) , and milkshakes from ed 's are really good . 
  tgi fridays * is * american ... 
  well i do n't normally have breakfast , so when i do i tend to go all out . 
  either full english style ( scrambled eggs , sausages , hash browns , baked beans , maybe toast ) or something a bit more ` american ' ( pancakes , french toast , etc ) . 
  usually drink orange juice and a mug of tea . 
  but i think most people just have a bowl of cereal if they have breakfast everyday . 
  yeah , but boiled in milk usually . 
  it 's a bit like rice pudding actually . 
  quite nice if made properly , really does n't deserve the bad rep it has . 
  is that the one on the mall , next to the royal society ? 
  this is a german thing , not a european thing . 
  until * we * got rid of * you * , like all of the rest of the former colonies . 
  none of this independence war nonsense . 
  nah , you jumped ship too early :p, 
  most european militaries only allow citizens , and sometimes citizens of former colonies ( thinking the uk & spain , in particular ) , to join . 
  the only exception is the french foreign legion , which you can join as an infantry soldier from any country . 
  though , if you failed to get into the usaf i ca n't imagine why you 'd think the ffl would take you ...  i would prefer the air force . 
  if it 's the poshest branch of the us military , it may be for yours as well . 
  dunno about other countries , but i 'm pretty sure the navy is the ` poshest ' branch of the uk armed forces . 
  it 's not the guns that are the problem . 
  it 's the ammo . 
  many studies of gang related gun violence in the uk have shown the real problem criminals face in a gun free society is the lack of ammo , and that 's what really cuts down on mass shootings . 
  of course , they might still get enough to off the rival leader , but they 'd never have enough to slaughter a school . 
  also a good guy with a gun almost never stops a bad guy with a gun . 
  it takes a huge amount of training to be good enough to do that sort of thing . 
   not for the same reason well in this case the reason is half the problem . 
  it 's different when a criminal kills a police officer . 
  the criminal knows what they are doing is wrong and do it anyway . 
  that 's different from killing an officer and believing you are doing the right thing . 
  yeah but it 's not dressed up as some social justice thing . 
  i mean , police officers being murdered in the street is the kind of thing that happens in third world countries . 
  it 's completely outrageous that anyone would even think they are justified in doing this sort of thing . 
  america has a problem with guns and with race . 
  i do n't think there 's a western democracy that 's more racially segregated than the us . 
  this is only a problem if the machine is automated , because there 's no one to check your signature . 
  if you go to a counter with a human they will print out a receipt for you to sign instead . 
  it 's quite normal for foreign cards . 
  whatever you do , do n't ask first or say anything . 
  just put your card in the chip-and-pin machine as if it has a pin set up . 
  the machine should just automatically print out the correct kind of receipt for you to sign . 
  if you say something the shopkeeper will probably just look at you in a confused manner . 
  native : english conversational : german reasonable , but not quite conversational : french tourist level : italian , spanish, 
  katie hopkins . 
  she went on the uk apprentice and now just stays famous by saying racist and inflammatory things . 
   also no one who lives in rural maine or new york ( or basically anywhere else ) needs a gun to be safe . 
  we 're not the ones saying this ... 
  not sure what your point is . 
  there are children who do n't want to drink water and would much rather just drink coke or fruit juices . 
  this is bad for them for obvious reasons . 
  you 're meant to put quite a lot in the glass . 
  like 1/5 ribena , 4/5 water . 
  do n't drink it straight . 
  also it 's not * supposed * to be as strong as fruit juice . 
  it 's a squash/cordial , meant to make water more appealing for children who do n't like it or to add a bit of extra flavour to a cocktail . 
  in the uk it 's very easy . 
  as long as you get a ` pay as you go ' sim card with no contract you do n't need to give an address or even a name . 
  i 'm almost certain this is not the case in germany . 
  you need to give a home address , which you ca n't do if you 're just visiting . 
  do n't know about switz . 
  edit : also you need to make sure your phone is gsm compatible . 
  one of your networks ( either verizon or at & t i think ) uses cdma instead so the phone is basically unusable outside the us . 
  this . 
  and to be fair i think many of even the most ardent remainers have complained about the eu . 
  it 's not like it 's some paramount of virtue of something . 
  i though cashpoint was always the lloyds trademark and hole in the wall was always the barclays trademark . 
  well , it was * technically * non-binding , since no one can supercede parliament and it can do what it wants . 
  in reality the politicians will be unlikely to ignore it because it may lead to a surge in support for ukip . 
  however , i think they 're positioning to remain in the eea , which is in line with the letter of the referendum , if not the spirit . 
  you could move to scotland and wait to see if it goes indy and joins the eu as well . 
  that would probably be easier , but a bit more risky . 
  you could move to ireland . 
  as long as you 're resident before we leave formally you 'll probably get permanent residency . 
  in five years you can apply for naturalisation . 
  well you ca n't do that because the eu have free movement . 
  so someone from romania could go to germany and then go to the usa . 
   is there anything in eu law banning these sorts of arrangements ? 
  yes , the eu has to negotiate collectively on these things . 
  no single member state is allowed to open negotiations unilaterally . 
  being friends with someone for long enough for one of you to say something ( probably whilst drunk ) is still pretty normal here . 
  dinner outside at a restaurant tends to follow as the first proper date , since most other things ( movies , coffee , tourist stuff , visiting each other 's houses ) are things you 'll have done as friends before but dinner outside with just two people is unusual as a casual activity ( especially at a nice place ) . 
  i do n't think coffee dates are that common unless you 're meeting the person from a dating website or some kind of set up thing , which is good because it means i can go out for coffee with a friend and no one 's going to get the wrong end of the stick . 
  there 's a theory test which tests you on road rules and also your hazard perception , and then there 's a practical test on the public roads which usually includes at least one manoeuvre ( three point turn , parallel parking , reverse round a corner ) and a stretch of self driving to test your ability to read road signs . 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  what about indian muslims ? 
  i ca n't imagine they 'd take kindly to being called hindus . 
  in most of europe there 's a distinction between the physical descriptor ( ` black ' usually ) and how you refer to them as a person ( ` british ' in the uk if they were born here , otherwise wherever they immigrated from ) . 
  you do n't seem to have this in america . 
  or rather you do n't ever refer to their physical description so you have to invent this weird way to refer to their nationality that also carries information about their colour . 
  there 's quite a big country full of brown people who are n't arabs , and mostly are n't muslims either ... 
  okay , but that does n't change its status right now as separate from the usa, 
  lancashire hotpot is amazing when it 's really cold during winter . 
  unusual but acceptable , though it may raise eyebrows initially . 
  i have a acquaintance who did something similar when we were in school and she 's engaged to him now . 
  the gap becomes less important as you get older . 
  with one person under 18 i 'd say 8 years is a bit odd , but if she 's in her 20s and you 're early 30s that 's less odd . 
  it becomes completely normal as you get even older . 
  so i would n't worry about it at all :p, 
   do you think it should be repealed/amended ? 
  it 's not my place to say . 
  i 'm certainly glad we do n't have this right here though .
