  of course , some people might agree with some of these , but i think they are reckless , silly , and speak to a large amount of naivete . 
  i do n't want ukip to be allowed to be a kingmaker , and the greens are just crazy . 
  it is the * threat * of revenge that is the deterrent . 
  the threat that even when your country is dead and gone they are still in danger . 
  it 's obvious to anyone who 's not completely retarded that actively getting rid of them will cost more than just letting them expire naturally and not replacing them . 
  why is `` pint '' coloured as energy ? 
  surely it should be recreation , travel and leisure , or cost of living ? 
  the treaty of utrecht is superseded by the relevant treaties of the eu ( of which gibraltar is a member ) . 
  hence why there is overland trade between spain and gibraltar , despite tou disallowing it . 
  yeah . 
  that was n't great was it ? 
  edit : also , both of those examples involve us getting rid of an ot without consent , rather than keeping an ot without consent . 
  they 're rather different issues . 
  geopolicitally , not necessarily . 
  they 'd have to meet the minimum standards though . 
  hong kong did n't get a say , since it was * loaned * to the british . 
  we never owned it ( except for a tiny little bit ) . 
  and no , i have no idea what you 're going to say . 
  no , gibraltar is n't part of the uk . 
  it 's a self-governing overseas territory . 
  scotland did n't want to leave . 
  or in case you had n't noticed , the result of the referendum was ` no ' . 
  had it been ` yes ' they would have left . 
  no , the uk actually cares about the interests of the people of gibraltar ( to a certain extent ) , which is why we do referenda fairly regularly . 
  if gibralter * wanted * to leave , we would let them . 
  yeah , i remember thinking exactly of this when they annexed crimea , and then eastern ukraine . 
  one slice at a time ... 
  you know what might help ? 
  actually releasing the damn ' document we 're signing up to . 
  because french is one of the 24 official languages of the eu , and one of many more spoken in europe ? 
  much better than the old one . 
  if you 're including iraq ) . 
  everything is already labelled ( `` made in uk '' , `` made in china '' , `` made in germany '' , etc ) . 
  afaik this is just making sure that stuff made in illegal israeli settlements is labelled as such , rather than just `` made in israel '' . 
  it 's almost like he drives dead bodies around for a living . 
  finds is a word . 
  technically you 've now mismatched voices ( active vs subjunctive ) there . 
   even if sweden finds the subs they wo n't do anything . 
   even if sweden found the subs they would n't do anything . 
  not that it matters in practice , but since you expressed a modicum of interest ... 
  i think we probably do more than is widely known . 
  afaik the commonwealth does a lot which never gets talked about either ( because they do n't shout about it ) . 
  it was an american colony , right ? 
  perhaps he was referring to all the dark grey `` cba to put on display '' countries . 
  ( or ireland . 
  seriously , wtf ireland ? ), 
   you serbian try to stole the salad from us wat . 
  just wat . 
  i 'll never understand why france and spain are utc +1 . 
  the zero line goes right through them . 
  it would be interesting to see these as a percentage of gdp or something ... 
  that distinction does n't exist . 
  they want to influence government policy , and hence it is political . 
  not unless he intended to make a political point ( at least under uk law ) . 
  feature length edition , maybe ? 
  i keep my airmiles cards , ehic card , and other travel documents in mine ( along with my passport ) . 
  i see your closet , and raise you a roof dungeon : http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/01/12/london-room-rent-gumtree_n_4584275.html, 
  you 're misunderstanding what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not a minority because my nationality is british , i 'm a minority ( in this country ) because my race is indian . 
  so you 're saying that the british government does not see non-white people with british citizenship as a minority . 
  what planet do you live on ? 
  you can be * british * and be a minority . 
  british is a nationality . 
  i 'm british , and i 'm also a minority in that i 'm not white . 
  you can be british and still be a minority ... 
  much like `` i 'm not racist but i do n't like negroid features . '', 
  something like nato has , yes . 
  a central command with people from all the members , and then delegated down for different operations ( like saying `` for this operation , france is in charge '' or whatever ) . 
  and then you 'd just need everyone to follow nato standardisation rules ( or use those as a starting point for eu standards ) and you 're golden . 
  you do n't need an `` eu army '' you just need a common foreign policy and also give someone ( probably parliament ) the power to compel member states to mobilise for a specific goal . 
  who 's jar jar binks in this analogy ? 
  the uk is obliged to defend their interests and represent them internationally . 
  for all intents and purposes they 're independent nations who happen to recognise the queen as head of state and rely on the uk for defence ( and so they let us put a few military bases on them , which is the primary reason we still have them ) . 
  the uk ca n't directly control the internal affairs of its overseas territories , and if it tried to they would very quickly stop being overseas territories . 
  god save the queen includes an unsung verse about ` crushing rebellious scots ' . 
  although other than that it is mostly about making britain great through cunning and tricks ... 
  says in the article the belt was confirmed fake , which would explain how he got it past the security . 
  well universities do tend to focus on the subject at hand and not the wider political views of the applicants ... 
  the front page of / r/europe is not exactly representative of the true state of europe . 
  access you could n't get whilst the reactor was running . 
  well whether it does or not is kind of beside the point . 
  the point being that some people believe that it does , and are unlikely to be convinced otherwise by rational ( or irrational , for that matter ) argument . 
  i 'd have to go with a certain subset of muslims taking a very literal interpretation of the koran and attempting to convert or kill everyone else . 
  christianity had the crusades . 
  loads of police around london today . 
  i think i 've seen more around south ken this morning than i had for the whole of the rest of march . 
  terrorism is as old as ideology . 
  it 's just always the same bunch of people who generally have nothing to do with it who end up dying . 
  it 's just standard heraldry . 
  if the flag was symmetric then st andrew 's cross would be relegated to just a fimbriation of st patrick 's , so they had to be counter-changed to prevent that . 
  the st andrew 's cross gets the higher position in the canton , indicating its higher status . 
  the st george 's cross surmounts everything else , placing it highest in the order of precedence . 
  they seem to spend an inordinate amount of time affirming alliegience to their flag . 
  their national anthem is literally a song about how inspirational the flag is . 
  also this thing they have to say in school :  i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america , and to the republic for which it stands , one nation under god , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . 
   honourable mention is northern ireland because it does n't exist ; we do n't have one . 
  oh you think we do ? 
  you think this is it ? 
  so i understand why that flag is contentious in ni ( what with it being a st george cross with a crown on it ) , but why do n't you just use the st patrick cross ? 
  legit not joking answer is because ireland was considered less important than scotland .
