  you sound like a yank, 
  i mean , if the travel agents want to pay for extra street cleaners i guess that 's their prerogative . 
  as for parisians being rude and hostile , i rarely found this to be the case . 
  it 's usually the tourists who are unreasonably demanding and unable to successfully communicate in either french or english ... people trying to live their lives in what is a functioning city , not a static tourist attraction , will be understandably irritated by masses of tourists . 
  dunno , i 'm from near hull and you definitely ca n't do it there . 
  you ca n't really do that in england either ... 
  ah , that 's a more realistic position for the uk i think . 
  was surprised initially to see it so high up . 
  it 's been like four years ... what 's an appropriate amount of time ? 
  fucking hell those 8 sudanese drivers . 
  62 tickets each annually ... 
  yeah , i understand that . 
  i 'm just trying to explain the ` logic ' of the outers . 
  people do n't seem to consider the massive number of brits working on the continent , mostly because the out voters are n't the kind of people who 'd emigrate for a job . 
  the uk does n't have exit controls . 
  you can leave the country without your passport being checked by immigration ( or border force or whatever they 're calling it now ) . 
   should a valid reason appear well i think the outers want to be able to arbitrarily deny access , just like we can for everyone else . 
  also we ca n't stop eu citizens from working the uk . 
  [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/31/eastridingarms.png ) is my county 's coat of arms , and [ this ] ( http://www.ngw.nl/heraldrywiki/images/7/7e/kingstonh.jpg ) is the city 's . 
  `` i do n't really go in for the sort of social gatherings you do . 
  i understand pigs are involved ? '', 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  people act a bit more ashamed about any show of patriotism , but they still do it - for example , people do n't generally belt out god save the queen , they 'll murmur it under their breath . 
  i think we just have a collective fear of looking too sycophantic . 
  it 's banter . 
  it is n't supposed to be funny to anyone ` outside ' . 
  it 's usually okay if they 're debating specific legislation as well . 
  though you should watch the lords if you really want a masterclass in decent debate and good public speaking . 
  he 's not an idiot . 
  he 's clearly pretty intelligent and knows exactly what he needs to say to get people to like him . 
  ah , yeah you 're probably right . 
  unless william the conqueror killed all the english nobility in 1066 :p, 
  the x in greek is usually transliterated as ch - in english , but pronounced like in christ , rather than in church . 
  this is also why the english abbreviation for christmas is xmas , from \u03a7\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03cc\u03c2 . 
   since especially the nobility swapped germanic words for french ones to sound more sofisticated i think it 's more that the nobility were in fact french ... 
  she is queen on one kingdom : the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland . 
  the kingdom of great britain ( formed by the acts of union 1707 which united the kingdom of england with the kingdom of scotland ) was united with the kingdom of ireland in the acts of union 1800 . 
   yeah , the islands are a part of those nations , but technically they 're not a part of great britain the kingdom of great britain is not the same as the geographical designation great britain though . 
  the kingdom * is * a political term which does include outlying islands . 
  the islands do n't count , they 've always been owned by the relevant mainlands right ? 
  the only one which was n't is mann , and that 's got its own special rules . 
  wales was a principality so never had any rulers who were recognised at the same level as england , scotland , or ireland . 
  i guess it 's possible that there 'll be a monarch who shares a name with an irish ruler , but it seems unlikely ... 
  yeah , i guess it 's probably mostly the cyber-nat types though ...  as a side note , why is the current queen not elizabeth the i & ii i believe the logic is that she 's only queen of one kingdom ( if you ignore the commonwealth ) , and so ca n't have two numbers . 
  they just take the higher number of the two if there 's confusion , so if there was another james he 'd be james viii . 
  yeah , that 's basically the same . 
  technically there 'd be no oversight if the queen did it , but she 'd need justification to avoid a constitutional crisis . 
  she did it to australia once when they had a budget problem similar to the one the us had recently . 
  just frustrates me when some scots claim that the monarchy is english and has nothing to do with scotland . 
  how likely is he to do this ? 
  i mean , the queen can technically do this as well , but it 's a pretty rare occurrence that would need some serious justification . 
   they live an easy , happy life , paid with your bucks . 
  it 's not easier than being president , and we 'd still have that if we were a republic . 
  likewise with the costs . 
  a lot of the things that people think contribute costs to the monarchy are things that would still need to be paid for and maintained if they were done away with ( castles , palaces , crown jewels , etc ) . 
   they are the perfect symbol of inequality and injustice . 
  possibly , but we are a democracy and could get rid of them if there was enough support for it . 
   and you still have to treat them with respect . 
  hardly . 
  some people do , some people do n't . 
  it is n't compulsory ...  downvoted because of my opinion , great . 
  tbh , you were probably being downvoted because of the tone of your post rather than anything else . 
   the english [ * cough * james * cough * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_vi_and_i ), 
  they 're descended from the scottish line ...  _ , 
  you get the rest of the extended family with royals . 
  with a president it 's just them and you have to pay for a bunch of civil servants . 
  but it is n't an efficient or effective way to communicate foreign . 
  how is a british white person supposed to know where to go ? 
  the only thing it communicates is that non-white people should go follow the arrow . 
  well , most international treaties are unenforceable . 
  there is n't a special nnpt court where they enforce it . 
  international treaties are an unenforceable agreement to do something , nothing more . 
  the obvious exception is the eu , which has set up a courts system to enforce the relevant treaties . 
  `` an investment court may well be necessary , because the us investor protection allowed by ttip may not be enforceable in national courts '' this sentence represents everything wrong with the proposal . 
  if it is n't enforceable , it is n't enforceable . 
  you know what you could do to make it enforceable ? 
  * pass some laws * , instead of just coming up with a bit of paper completely independently of the democratic process . 
  this is the european council . 
  there 's one seat per country ( although some votes count more than others if they 're doing a qualified majority ) . 
   but tons of french and german companies also have opened factories and outsource work in romania i 'm fairly sure this is the * problem * , as far as / u/fuckingusarnames is concerned :  the richer countries will completely out-compete and invade the poorer countries ( this is the reason white 75 % of all major firms and resource owners in romania are now outsiders ) . 
  this is always the problem with violent revolutions . 
  china had the same problem with culture-purging during the communist revolution . 
  i think france is probably one of the few places to have a violent revolution and still keep a lot of its culture . 
  i never really realised how cramped and almost medieval looking the uk houses of parliament are before looking at this . 
  iirc copyright was given to the bavarian government , and they refused to publish it . 
  now it 's run out so anyone can publish it . 
  it was never outright banned . 
   how free movement fits into this model ? 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  the uk will have to accept freedom of movement of course . 
  the referendum was not on free movement , it was on eu membership . 
  additionally , the uk joining the eea is absolutely in the interests of the eu and member states . 
  germany will be able to carry on easily exporting cars here , poland will be able to continue to have free movement of people , and france will be able to get on with federalisation without the pesky uk meps getting in the way . 
  it 's a win all round for the rest of the eu . 
   entitled to my opinion you do n't have to say it though . 
   eea membership is n't a realistic option , either . 
  even a far-reaching eea-ish deal of the kind switzerland has is out , because the eu27 would insist on free movement of labor , which was too big a factor during the referendum for the uk to be politically able to accept . 
  eea membership is exactly what they 're going to go for . 
  if you go to germany you can see the east/west divide by looking at the national distribution of dominos pizza outlets . 
  yeah i understand that , but it 's just a bit silly to have ` aa plus ' and ` aa positive ' mean two different things .
