  ideally , they 're meant to think of the eu as a country and make laws for it . 
  the european council ( head of state ) appoints the commissioners , with advice from the president ( who is also chosen by the european council and approved by parliament ) . 
  then the parliament approves the whole group of 28 or not . 
  i think the current system is n't * too * bad . 
  there would be problems if a commission president had sole control over his commissioners . 
  he may , for example , exclude only one country from the commission . 
   is n't some of problem people have with the eu that the commission does n't exactly `` answer '' to anyone today ? 
  the parliament can dissolve it , just like a national parliament can dissolve the government . 
  the main issue is that they have a monopoly on proposing new laws . 
  that would be like having the civil service being the only people who can propose new laws . 
  it 's not really okay or democratic . 
  well , the uk has no constitution . 
  laws passed by parliament ca n't be overturned by courts because they do n't contradict anything . 
  basically in the uk : crown  parliament  courts . 
  in the us `` parliament '' ( i.e. , congress ) and the courts are on equal footing . 
  that the difference . 
  the the ecj just made a ruling on data protection . 
  they overturned a directive that said all telecom companies should keep info about communications for six months . 
  is it not allocated by population already ? 
  i would support the idea that any mep or ceu should be able to get the ecj to review a law . 
  and yeah , i think that the ceu and meps should be allowed to propose new laws . 
  but we will actually be able to make legitimate threats when russia does something silly . 
  okay , yeah , fair enough . 
  but the reasons they give for wanted less immigration are factually wrong ( overcrowding , job stealing blah blah blah ) . 
  ukip are actual fascists . 
  you do n't see it in the ep because they barely vote , but their national policies ( for general elections ) are thinly veiled hardcore right wing fascism . 
  farage ( ukip ) is smarter than griffin ( bnp ) in that 's he 's not overtly racist all the time , but still . 
  do n't bring the monarchy into this , we love them . 
  god save the queen :p . see , this is the problem . 
  actually , we do n't mind immigration . 
  ukip and the bnp get a disproportionate number of seats due to voter apathy . 
  they may well dislike ukip , but they do n't make the connection between abstaining from voting and ukip gaining seats . 
  it portrays this image of the uk as a kind of super-nationalist anti-foreigner country , which is n't true at all . 
  what the uk is , is a right-of-centre , mildly nationalist and somewhat conservative country that does n't really mind immigration too much . 
  yeah , well , ireland has n't joined because it is a part of the common travel area ( uk , ireland , crown dependencies ) . 
  the uk is basically the eu 's version of texas . 
  and for most of that time we were trying to kill each other  _ , 
  i honestly do n't know why we are n't in schengen . 
  i know people , including myself in the past , use the island argument . 
  except it does n't really hold water since iceland is schengen and cyprus will be soon . 
  we 've already done away passport checks for ferries going to france , belgium and holland , we might as well do the same for flights and trains , because that 's all schengen will really entail for us . 
  on a side note , however , we are n't obliged to join schengen ; we maintain a fully legal opt-out , same as ireland . 
  we 've also got a fully legal opt-out on the euro . 
  i like the pound . 
  we 're keeping that one  . 
  it 's also important for the city of london ( finance capital of the world and one of the biggest contributors to our economy ) to keep the pound and not have to answer to the ecb on financial matters . 
  yeah . 
  naming is a mess , and is actually one of the biggest contributors to the uk wanting to leave . 
  people are always confused between the cjeu , the ecj and the echr . 
  also why the hell is the lower house of the eu legislature called a ` parliament ' ?!, 
  ` parliament ' usually refers to the upper and lower houses together ... urgh , that 's a whole ` nother post though :p . really these anti-eu ukip supporters are mostly delusional people who think the uk is still an imperial power which can make it on the world stage alone . 
  i hope we do as well . 
  i really like the eu : / if we leave and scotland leaves the uk and joins the eu i might move to scotland  _  . 
  as long as they keep the queen i can live with the knowledge that they deep fry mars bars and pizzas . 
  did n't the treaty of lisbon basically merge all the different bits into the eu though ? 
  like schengen and eurozone are essentially sub-groups within the eu . 
  the only ones that are still separate are the council of europe ( not the european council , or the council of the european union ( they really need to get their shit together as far as names go ) which are eu things ) and the echr . 
  * grins * but yeah , it 's a bit like saying new york state has a higher gdp than the rest of the states ... 
  we need a properly unified foreign policy and closer military ties with each other , and then the eu will truly be a force to be reckoned with . 
  yes . 
  yes yes yes . 
  this is a great idea . 
  i 'm starting to like poland 's view on how the eu should operate :p . as the article says , we already do this for uranium , why not oil and gas as well . 
  we get good friday and easter monday off as well . 
  nice four day weekend to relax and stuff face with chocolate eggs :d, 
  france 's border defences with germany were actually really good . 
  it was heavily fortified , but they did n't bother to defend their belgian border , so germany attacked through there . 
  both times . 
  no idea . 
  it 's a bit odd to be honest ... 
  they did n't even have this much for the mj trial . 
  i was even in switzerland last week , and bbc world service was basically live streaming it 24/7 . 
  they were the only news channel in the hotel to cover it at all . 
  we need that right of recall clegg promised ... :p, 
  oh yeah , that happened as well . 
  i think the queen may have visited the vatican too ( or maybe that was last week ) ... 
   `` verordnung '' , no idea how to translate this properly maybe a statutory instrument ? 
  that 's basically the uk 's version of an american executive order . 
  or just ` decree ' in general . 
  ** the uk ** * maria miller quit after stealing # 40k from the taxpayer . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-26951464 ) * argentina was provoked by uk military exercises . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-26999735 ) * peaches geldof died , aged 25 . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-26931337 ) * nigel evans , the former deputy speaker , was cleared of all sexual abuse charges . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-26974975 ) * the duke , duchess and prince of cambridge ( that 's will , kate and the baby ) went to nz on the first stop of their world tour . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-26966555 ) * a chinese company bought house of fraser . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-27009359 ) * a 17 year old was arrested for making offensive comments on facebook . 
  [ bbc ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-wales-south-west-wales-27010786 ) . 
  additionally , everyone 's still very chuffed that it was british company which found mh370 . 
  i 'm sure there 's more , but honestly most of the news this week has been about ukraine . 
  or they 'll confuse it with the echr again and complain about abu qatada . 
  the current government is no less legitimate than that of gordon brown . 
  the parliament elected to remove the old guy and put a new guy in . 
  happens all the time and is perfectly legitimate . 
  because they know it 's good for the country . 
  from what i said earlier :  the long and short of it is that the uk is very different in its approach to governance than mainland europe ( think civil law vs common law for an example ) . 
  thus , even the opinions of mainstream uk parties are fringe views , but ones which most of the uk population agrees with -- this is true even if you ignore the independence thing . 
  the reason we do n't like the idea of `` more integration '' is because it means more top-down bureaucracy , which is actually quite antithetical to the political attitude in britain . 
  there 's a lot more bottom up stuff , with everyone doing what works for them , and very little `` harmonisation '' . 
  this is the real crux of the issue . 
  we do n't do harmonisation , or integration for that matter , even within our own country .
