  stay in the car , wait for them to come and talk to you . 
  many european countries require you to keep fire extinguishers , first aid kits , and a warning sign in you car in case you 're involved in or pass an accident . 
  cornwall is definitely it 's own thing as well . 
  that 's weekly prices . 
  weekly prices in london are as much as monthly prices in the rest of the country . 
  replace athens with venice or florence . 
  it is n't covered at all . 
  the georgian period in general is n't really covered at all because nothing of note really happened . 
  the stuart period just before was huge in terms of the arts and culture , the victorian period just after is the industrial revolution . 
  actually , i do n't think it 's covered in the optional gcses or a levels either . 
  the gcse topics covered at my school were a history of medicine and the american west , and the a level history options were tudor history and modern history ( world wars mainly ) . 
  our history is all world history with special focus on the uk and europe . 
  considering we start with the roman empire in 27 bc and go all the way up to wwii in ad 1935 in the eight or nine years of school before history becomes optional there are endless lists of things that need to be covered before the american war of independence . 
  to name a few : * ( 3150 bc ) ancient egyptians * ( 27 bc ) roman empire * ( ad 400 ) anglo-saxon culture * ( ad 1066 ) the battle of hastings , which resulted in a large adoption of french culture that 's still prevalent today ( beef vs. cow , poultry vs. chicken , etc , being the more obvious ones ) * ( ad 1455 ) the wars of the roses * ( ad 1485 ) the tudor period * ( ad 1509 ) henry viii and his many wives * ( ad 1516 ) the protestant reformation in germany with martin luther * ( ad 1534 ) the english reformation started by henry viii , resulting in the formation of the church of england * ( ad 1558 ) elizabeth i and the age of discovery - the ` discovery ' of the new world and the wars with the spanish and french * ( ad 1603 ) the stuarts - unification of the crowns , the gunpowder plot , and shakespeare * ( ad 1837 ) the victorian era - the height of empire and victorian culture in the uk * ( ad 1914 ) wwi * ( ad 1935 ) wwii there really is n't much room for any detailed discussion of what was essentially a proxy war with the french over just barely profitable colony on the edge of the world ( at the time ) . 
   we barely restrict that 's just not true . 
  it 's pretty hard to immigrate to the uk , and it 's been getting harder . 
   if we could build houses properly , we 'd really have no concerns at all , immigration is n't a zero-sum game after all . 
  the practicalities are kind of beside the point , since the political pressure is so high to restrict immigration in some way . 
  i 'm very on the fence , but a convincing argument is that being in the eu massively restricts the number of non-eu immigrants we can receive ( because it 's virtually unlimited from eu , so international has to be restricted to compensate ) . 
  this is unhelpful since most of our immigrant skilled workers ^ [ citation ^ needed , ^ ofc ] come from the us and the commonwealth , not europe ( doctors , & c ) . 
  yeah . 
  there 's usually a chiquitos in most cities . 
  they tend to stretch the definition of mexican somewhat , however . 
  there are n't any cheap , authentic mexican places because there are n't many mexicans . 
  you 'll get expensive ` authentic ' ( by which i mean the flavour and dishes , but not necessarily the presentation ) places in london and a few other cities . 
  14 for me . 
  drinking beer in friends houses , or champagne on special occasions . 
  very occasionally whiskey diluted with water if we managed to buy something particularly nice . 
  yeah . 
  living in london and being so close to eurostar helps . 
  i can be in paris in 2/3 hours if i want to be ( although admittedly its quite expensive at short notice , but so are all british trains ) . 
  tbh asking this question is like asking if people in the us frequently visit other states . 
   no offence to americans ( i 'm sure you have some lovely cheeses that we do n't hear about ) but processed american cheese singles are one of the worst things i 've ever put in my mouth . 
  their cream cheese is very good , to be fair . 
  the closest we have is philadelphia , and that pales in comparison to the real thing . 
  that on some decent toasted bagels is rather good . 
  those processed cheese slices are awful though . 
  dairylea is bad enough ... 
  new york , washington dc , la , san fran , chicago , orlando . 
  i 've been to texas recently which was great , but have n't been to florida or california for ten years or so . 
  that 's what i thought :p just wondered if we were all being savages by using them to down vodka . 
  you are aware the austrian definition is 700m ? 
  a mountain in the uk is defined as any summit greater than or equal to 600m above sea level . 
  in america it 's 304m , so ... 
  yeah , shot glasses . 
  do you sip from them ? 
  bumbag , cargo shorts , and a dslr you do n't know how to use , woooo !, 
   \u0161tamprle shot glasses ? 
  are they between 25ml and 75ml ? 
  well , beating your children is illegal in the uk . 
  anything that causes more than ` temporary reddening of the skin ' is assault . 
  do n't get me wrong , i would n't do anything like that to my own kids if i had them , and i would n't be against a ban in the uk . 
  however , calling it child abuse is * reductio ad absurdum * that kind of undermines any reasonable argument about it . 
  germany and switzerland probably . 
  switzerland maybe has a slight edge over germany for me . 
  ca n't say i have much experience in that part of europe , but i imagine if you do n't * look * like a migrant ( in terms of clothes and things , not skin colour ) , you 'll probably be fine . 
  maybe go all out on the tourist look to make it clear you 've got no intention of staying :p, 
  it depends how touristy it is . 
  i live in a little village and it 's not at all expensive because it 's not an ` attraction ' . 
  if you wanted to live in the cotswolds , on the other hand , you 'd pay an arm and a leg . 
  if it 's a large party at home with my parents (  30 ) we hire glasses from supermarkets . 
  all the major ones provide the service , usually for free , and take them back unwashed . 
  some also do dishes . 
  if it 's a smaller party at home or at my uni flat we have enough glassware for everyone , and if i was short i 'd buy some extra from ikea or somewhere similarly cheap . 
  i do n't think i 've ever been to a party where i 've * had * to drink out of a disposable plastic cup ( sometimes there 's a stack if there are a lot of people , but no one cares if you get a proper glass , which i usually try to because those plastic cups always seem to spill ) unless it was an american themed one . 
  there 's not much race-hate or institutional racism in the uk . 
  there are obviously always ignorant fools or some twits who jump at anything to insult you with ( if not race then something else ) , but they 're pretty far and few between . 
  the amount of racism you experience here is pretty strongly tied to things like class . 
  there 's definitely much more overt casual racism lower down , but that does n't mean it goes away higher up - the percentage of racists is probably uniform across the social spectrum ( and uniformly lower than the states , i think ) , better off people just do n't voice it because it 's no longer socially acceptable . 
  that probably sums it up for the uk , actually . 
  there are racist people , obviously , but being racist is just not the done thing . 
  so people who care about that kind of backlash will avoid being overtly racist . 
  usually people who care about that kind of thing are the ones who end up in important places , so it all works out rather neatly . 
  an interesting other point is that i 've found people of all colours are much more willing to have rational discussions about things relating to race or ethnicity , or things which might touch on those subjects , without getting super-defensive . 
  that almost certainly helps relations , along with a general disdain for things like positive discrimination ( or affirmative action , as you 'd call it ) . 
  it 's hardly child abuse . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but the uk has pretty strict restrictions on exactly what kind of punishments are acceptable for parents to use . 
   i 'd say american football was bigger than baseball probably true . 
  baseball has the problem of being too similar to rounders ( a game played mostly by schoolgirls and sometimes schoolboys , for people who do n't know ) . 
  i regularly buy and eat wensleydale , cheddar , gournay , brie , camembert , haloumi , parmesan , mozzarella , paneer , emmental , gouda , and american cream cheese . 
  wensleydale is great in cold sandwiches . 
  it goes really well with apples on granary bread or something . 
  other sandwich cheeses are emmental and gouda . 
  these latter two are great in toasted sandwiches as well as cold . 
  gournay is a cream cheese that usually comes mixed with herbs and things . 
  it 's nice just on its own with toast or crackers . 
  brie has a similar useage . 
  camembert is really good cooked as a fondue . 
  haloumi is best fried and eaten in a pitta like a kebab , in place of the meat . 
  paneer is an indian cheese that 's used in a lot of indian food . 
  american cream cheese is for bagels . 
  parmesan , mozzarella , and cheddar are fairly self explanatory . 
  parmesan comes as a wedge and i use a grater on it . 
  cheddar is my go to all purpose cheese . 
  i have a personal dislike for blue cheese that is n't based on anything rational , but makes it basically impossible for me to eat them without gagging : /, 
  you 're aware that sarcasm is a valid form of comedy , right ? 
  that 's basically what chavs are . 
  that seems ridiculous d : so is it just a flat 1.25 % of all banked cash annually ? 
  surely that 's a 1.25 % tax on the capital gains/interest ? 
  so it would n't make you lose money .
