  i imagine that 's the origin of the term , but i 've never seen it used in english to mean anything other than fruit based spirits ... perhaps `` fruit brandy '' is more accurate ? 
  well , no :p . but it tastes like dettol smells and most of taste is really smell, 
  yeah that 's why i said ` basically ' . 
  it 's usually around 95 % if it 's been made properly . 
  however plenty of cheaper vodkas are literally just pure ethanol mixed with water . 
  to make spirits you ferment something sugary ( e.g. 
  grain or fruit ) and then distill it to get a very high alcohol percentage distillate . 
  the amount of flavour retained from the original sugary thing depends on how much alcohol is in the distillate . 
  high alcohol means less flavour . 
  the distillate can then be mixed with botanicals ( gin ) or left to mature in barrels ( whisky , rum ) , before it is mixed with water to bring it to the correct alcohol percentage . 
  with vodka the distillate is basically 100 % ethanol , meaning the sugary thing you use to make the alcohol imparts basically zero flavour onto it . 
  it is then mixed with water and bottled . 
  this is why straight vodka tastes like you 're drinking dettol . 
  you basically are drinking dettol . 
  it 's also why people feel they can mix vodka with anything . 
  it 's basically tasteless and hardly affects the flavour of the thing it 's added to . 
  vodka which has been left to sit with juniper berries is gin . 
  with schnapps the sugary thing is a fruit . 
  the distillate is much less alcoholic ( although still like 80 % ) , meaning the schnapps retains the flavour of the fruit . 
  brandy ( congac ) , which you might be familiar with , is essentially grape schnapps . 
  what the americans call schnapps , we 'd call fruit liqueurs . 
  this is basically vodka mixed with flavourings and sugar * after * distillation and watering down . 
  here i 've found that it 's okay to bring up politics as long as you broadly already know the opinions of the people you 're talking to and know that you are n't going to start a shouting match between two of your guests . 
  that 's quite common amongst a lot of people with parents who are vegetarian or do n't eat certain foods . 
  if you grow up never eating something many people will just stuck with those eating habits for the rest of their lives . 
  great-grandparents at most usually , sometimes people know back to their great-great-grandparents . 
  more than that is very unusual . 
  yes , everywhere the union jack flies in london , except buckingham palace , is at half mast ( or at least they were as of thursday ) . 
  but beer * is * what you use to wash stuff down with !, 
  yeah that 's what i thought . 
  romesh as well . 
  omid is pretty funny too . 
  though he tends to repeat material a lot . 
  i saw shappi korsandi live in edinburgh once , she was pretty hilarious . 
  is n't she straight-up british ? 
  they 're all pretty right wing except bernie sanders . 
  we get a lot of french stuff too , and stuff that 's made in collaboration with the french ( like death in paradise ), 
   territories . 
  just land claims . 
  nobody was like , `` let 's set up a federal expedition to colonize wyoming . '', 
  but most colonies were either just land claims or business ventures initially . 
  no one set out to colonise anywhere , it was just exploring and then oh this land is nice , i 'll take it . 
   `` having a strong sphere of influence . '', 
    only half-joking . 
  wiki `` monroe doctrine . '', 
  it 's something every child in america learns about in school . 
  haha , okay . 
  so basically ` we need to colonise it , or else they 'll colonise it first ' ? 
  and puerto rico , yeah . 
  but also , like , most of your western states started out as colonies of the us . 
   likely deny that it was colonialism huh . 
  what do they think it was , if not colonialism ? 
  britain was one of the less shit colonial powers . 
  there 's obviously loads and loads of british influence in india . 
  what 's left now is mostly good stuff ( infrastructure , government , education , legal system , etc ) , but they obviously still feel the damage of the bad . 
  i wonder what americans think of their own colonial past , or they 're even aware of it ? 
  damn , yeah . 
  i also forgot cnut . 
  it was pretty late when i wrote it ... 
  hengist founded the kingdom of kent before cerdic founded wessex , but wessex is what became england , so i wanted to follow that story . 
  england , historical , warning for names that sound like they 're from the lord of the rings ( in case you ca n't gather from the below , rohan was loosely based on anglo-saxon england ) . 
  the history of the england at its very beginnings -- immediately following the withdrawal of the romans -- is murky at best , with legend often mixed in with fact . 
  however , it can generally be traced back with some certainty to the landing of two saxons : cerdic , and his son , cynric , on the hampshire coast in ad 495 . 
  following their landing , battles with the native british celts ensued , culminating in cerdic 's victory over king natanleod in ad 508 at natanleaga ( now a nice little village called netley marsh ) . 
  shortly thereafter , in ad 519 , cerdic declared himself king of wessex . 
  this is a pretty monumental moment in british history , and is often cited as the beginning of the british monarchy . 
  pretty much every king or queen of wessex , england , great britain , or the uk can be traced back to cerdic ( though that 's probably not saying much since i 'm sure loads of people can trace themselves back to him ) . 
  following this there was basically a long period of battling with celts , followed by a major invasion by danish vikings in ad 835 . 
  up until this point the angle kingdom of mercia had been the ruling force in the region ; however , it was defeated , along with every anglo-saxon kingdom other than wessex , by the vikings . 
  king aelfred the great of wessex eventually repelled the vikings in the late ad 800s , leaving him the dominant ruler in england , and wessex the dominant kingdom . 
  by the end of his reign , aelfred was styling himself king of the anglo-saxons , and had lead major political , legal , educational , and military reforms in the kingdom of wessex . 
  aelfred 's grandson , aethelstan , conquered the remaining anglo-saxon kingdoms in ad 927 , leading them to acknowledge him as the first king of the english at a meeting in eamont , cumbria . 
  the kingdom of england remained pretty much exactly as it was for most of the next seven centuries . 
  then , in 1603 , king james vi of scotland was selected by queen elizabeth i of england as her successor . 
  this union was made formal with the 1707 acts of union , resulting in the formation of the kingdom of great britain . 
  then , in 1801 , the kingdoms of great britain and ireland ( already in an informal personal union ) were merged to form the united kingdom . 
  edit : changed uk to england at the start because i realised i have n't mentioned scotland or ireland at all ...  _ , 
  mostly the same reason some people in the uk want to leave . 
  we 're a net contributor . 
  you do n't , unless you know someone who knows it and they teach you . 
  that 's literally the whole point . 
  yes , or [ this ] ( http://becontreehundred.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/window-with-union-flag.-photo-by-lewis-inman.jpg ), 
  yeah , most places do n't have flagpoles on them . 
  people dangle flags out of windows sometimes , which is common during those sporting and royal events , but generally viewed as pretty naff at other times . 
  as a general rule here , i 'd say that the flag and flagpole should not dominate whatever it 's in/on . 
  meaning the house should be large enough that a flagpole is n't its main feature . 
  likewise for gardens . 
  exceptions for commercial/government buildings obviously . 
  you were told wrong . 
  here 's the [ official government guide to flag flying ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/flying-flags-a-plain-english-guide ) . 
  i think he means very wide roads like the champs elysses . 
  the only one we really have is the mall , but that does n't have any buildings on it so the street life thing is a bit moot . 
  it depends on context . 
  it is true that flying a flag outside your four bedroom suburban house or your two-up-two-down terraced house is see as pretty tacky and people will assume you 're some kind of daily mail reading ` britain should still rule the waves ' delusional ( former ) or a racist chav ( latter ) . 
  obviously that 's not necessarily true , but it 's the impression you 'll give by doing it . 
  and it * does * look very tacky to have a massive flag pole stuck in your tiny garden . 
  the only real exceptions are during international football ( st george cross ) , other sports where we compete as gb ( union jack ) , or important royal events ( union jack ) . 
  that said , people do n't bat an eyelid when they see a union jack or st george cross ( usually the jack , with the cross flown on st george 's day ) flying from a large country house set in some grounds , so there 's definitely some uniquely british sort of snobbery going on . 
  that 's not true . 
  you can fly any national , international , county , or city flag without planning permission .
