you 're probably going to do the most drinking in budapest , barcelona , and ibiza . 
  i 'd say bring around 2g just in case, 
  yeah , at amsterdam bos . 
  in amsterdam , i slept in the forest . 
  was fine . 
  i slept in/around a van ( ford escorts ) with 2 friends , from granada to amsterdam . 
  i liked the alhambra ( spain ), 
  thanks for the full name !, 
  i wo n't find it in american grocery stores :(, 
  nope , it 's a breakfast spread that you find in netherland . 
  it 's so freaking good . 
  durum kebabs , kip curry , tapas . 
  i met a dude who was using a ford escort . 
  ended up traveling with him and an aussie . 
  went from granada to netherlands, 
  hailing from the us . 
  i 'll be visiting uk , spain , france , italy , slovenia , hungary , slovakia , croatia , czech republic , austria , germany , netherlands , belgium . 
  that makes 13 . 
  i wish i can go with a toyota gt86 . 
  i currently own one here in the states and i 'm going to miss the car so much :( . 
  any tips for when i 'm in netherlands ? 
  also my updated plans are in / r/travel or you can view my post history . 
  i 'll be stopping in netherlands !, 
  i 'm going with the peugeot 208 since it 's very efficient . 
  that helps a lot . 
  i plan on withdrawing some cash before hand so i always have some on me in case if the cards do n't go through . 
  that 's true about the via t. it 'd just be easier to pay off the toll and forget about it . 
  in the states , we have this thing called ez-pass , which allows us to just put money it , and when you drive through the toll , it just takes it out . 
  an ez-pass works in every state ( as far as i know ) , and does not matter which state you get it from . 
  will definitely pass through the basque country  . 
  i think it 's just easier for me to just go through the tolls and not worry about driving the extra distance + extra hour ( s ) . 
  that 's some awesome information . 
  it really saves the hassle of trying to figure out which countries to pay and where and how and all that jazz . 
  spain also has a toll system where they 're charging by the kilometers . 
  you have been so helpful , dude !, 
  honestly , i did not know that . 
  i will definitely utilize that website tomorrow . 
  i 'm taking the day off tomorrow to plan the second leg of my trip . 
  as of right now , i 'm just planning on which routes i 'm taking , then seeing how many days i will have left and assign extra days to certain cities/countries . 
  with the vignettes , do they allow you to pass through the toll roads for free or do you still have to pay for the toll roads ? 
  i have the travel time because it allows me to see how many hours i 'm traveling that day , and allows me to adjust if needs to be ( like you said - jams , roadworks , delays , wrong turn/exit ) . 
  the trip is a work in progress at the moment , and once i 'm finished plotting out the route , i will go back and adjust if necessary . 
  i want to have a travel time of less than 15 days for the entire trip . 
  i may need to take out portugal for that to happen though . 
  i plan on stopping in major cities where cars are somewhat the norm . 
  i 'll be driving a small car , as i 'm used to driving small cars . 
  the benefit comes where i can easily maneuver into/out of spaces . 
  i will be staying for approx . 
  2 or 3 weeks in london with uncle so i may be taking the tube and such to get everywhere . 
  i 'll also be flying to scotland from london and doing the north coast 500 mile trip . 
  i just looked into the international driving permit , and realized that a few countries that i `` m visiting requires the idp . 
  i really appreciate you bringing this to my attention and will be visiting a local aaa to get it . 
  i will be renting a small renault or a peugeot in diesel , and rental companies almost always have the latest model/year cars . 
  i wish i could come to denmark but it 's a little out of the way . 
  once i 'm done with the itinerary , i 'll let you know if i have time to come over there , and we can grab some beers !, 
  it is , but i 'm only getting this one chance to do so . 
  the birds eye view is : - scotland - london - europe ( road trip ) - india - thailand . 
  i 'd be missing out spain and portugal in that route . 
  ideally , i 'm trying to do : france -  spain -  portugal -  spain -  france -  switzerland -  italy -  slovenia -  croatia -  hungary -  slovakia -  austria -  czech republic -  poland -  germany -  netherlands -  belgium -  france . 
  if it needs to be , then i will cut out switzerland from that list to have more of a streamlined circuit . 
  well , i love to drive . 
  it 's actually a ( very expensive ) hobby of mine . 
  i used to travel 3 hours away on a weekend just cos i felt like it . 
  now with work , it 's holding me down . 
  plus i love the freedom of having a car . 
  it may sound weird , but a car is like your partner lol . 
  plus the trains here in the united states are not that great so that 's throwing me off . 
  in addition , i 'd need to be at a certain time and place with the trains . 
  haha , thanks !, 
  i want to avoid airports as much as possible . 
  i 'm not doubting that there 'll be some challenges along the way , but that 's the part of the trip . 
  yeah , i 've done a little bit of research . 
  i know that going south in italy will be insanely difficult , so i 'm planning on leaving the car in milan , and taking the train down to rome for 2ish days . 
  going to have to skip out on florence unless i get a train there . 
  the purpose for having the car is that it allows me to have a vehicle at all times , it 's a place to store my belongings , and i can also sleep in the vehicle if i do n't find a place to sleep . 
  i 'll be sticking to the main highways for the most part . 
  i 'm planning out my routes via google maps , and making sure i do n't hit any restricted areas . 
  here 's how my itinerary is looking like so far : http://imgur.com/evbkwet, 
  that honestly saves a lot of time . 
  thanks for that tip !, 
  germany will be one of the last countries that i 'll be visiting on my trip to europe . 
  i hope everything goes as planned . 
  i 'm planning to visit austria too btw !, 
  it 's all good , bud !, 
  i figured / r/askeurope is the best place to ask since it 's a congregation of all the countries and people from different countries can offer different advice . 
  i 'm guessing the theme is to start buying vignettes . 
  i will be posting the itinerary in the near future . 
  i 'm mapping out my routes via google maps and marking them on excel . 
   in germany highways are free i heard this changed in 2016 from reading somewhere . 
  i 'll see if i can post a link for that . 
  i hope to create a thread which lists all the websites for a majority of the countries around europe in case if people have the same plans as i do . 
  lol , there 's no budget to feel the engine . 
  i 'm trying to do as much driving right now with my baby as much as i can before i head over there . 
  plus diesel is far better and gets better mpg / km/l . 
  going to verify as soon as i get home . 
  holidayautos ? 
  what 's that exactly ? 
  yeah , i love manual transmission !, 
  i can drive for ages . 
  i look forward to driving to/from work rather than being at work or at home haha .
