honestly , most of it is packed into cities/large towns with a relatively small area . 
  and the villages that the rest of the population live in hardly feel packed : they 're for the most part large spacious and idyllic , surrounded by fields for miles . 
  i 'm probably going to get murdered by you , but at the time , they were brits : citizens of the united kingdom of great britain and ireland . 
  did n't stalin say no/was initially reticent to kim il-sung invading the south ? 
  * burgundy . 
  that 's one sexy city . 
  you have n't seen the plans for new skyscrapers in london yet then , have you ? 
  although i like the tv tower in east berlin ... , 
  nice , but not ( quite carling ) a patch on london . 
  it is legal as can be . 
  it might be disgusting , but he is an owner of private property and he can rent it to whom he wants to rent it to . 
  it may be a rough few years for now while the eu becomes increasingly more hell-bent on destroying the uk against it 's own benefit ... 
  but once the uk jumps from the parachute before it 's too late and the eu comes crashing to the ground in a tangle of bureaucracy and complacency , i 'll be interested to see what the europhiles will be saying next . 
  i 'm not . 
  what do they do for us in england other than leech off our economy ? 
  diddly squat . 
  just like the rest of the country , when we realised that europe is n't the utopia that all you europhiles paint it out to be , and that it is actually a stagnant , bureaucratic , highly centralised organisation that is hell-bent on diluting our own british culture , our own british world presence , and the positioning of the greatest country in the world on the map , and the assertion of its own independence upon itself , instead of being tied down by the painfully liberal and painfully cloth-eared eu . 
  no ; he has arguments with his wife plus it 's a lot more economical to live near westminster where he can lobby for his worthwhile causes . 
  yes !, 
  he is a saviour of our country ... do n't see why we would n't want him . 
  he lives between two houses , one in chelsea , and one in kent . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  we do n't want the problems that you have over in europe ; the free movement of terror accross the continent : just look at anis amri , who moved through three countries : mutually beneficial for safety in both the country with suspect and surrounding countries . 
  furthermore , the financial , fiscal and securitive danger of letting the illegal emigrants from syria , iraq etc. 
  into the uk is just ridiculous : why should it be our job to take care of those who have run away from a war 2,000 miles away ? 
  that stupid pillock angela has caused all the problems that the eu faces , so i 'm personally very glad we 're leaving asap . 
  jolly good analogy !, 
  a guy getting angry at a slow parker . 
  kk calm down goodnight, 
  * bad spot, 
  they were going to kill someone . 
  it is their fault . 
  they do n't deserve any sympathy at all , do they ? 
  oh do n't start spreading that bullshit . 
  i 'm a conservative voter , but a libertarian , so it is n't exactly the most pleasing thing to be hearing , but compare the economic and social plans of the conservatives to that of any party since the conservatives under margaret thatcher , and you will invariably find that they are the best . 
  a ridiculous bureaucratic organisation that has no respect for nationalism or the self-identification of people within the nation states that make it up . 
  an organisation , that , despite europhiles ' protests , is to blame for most of the economic problems that , at least in the uk , we have , bombarding us with trade deals and layers of regulation , preventing us from opening up to the fastest-growing and most vibrant economies in the world , all the while entangling us even tighter in a ball of string . 
  an organisation that , despite its claims , has n't contributed to european peace whatsoever ( that claim could go to the soviet union , by providing us a common enemy ) , an organisation that is so entangled in liberal propaganda that , as shown by the refugee crisis of 2015 , is not there to better our lives , but to entangle us even tighter in their own system with millions of people relying on the eu to force us to house them , even when we have huge problems housing eu migrants alone while sustaining our infrastructure and our nhs , as well as our sense of nationalism . 
  the us of europe would be one of the worst things to happen to europe , and would simply lead to unresolveable tensions growing , just like every other multi-ethnic state that has existed before in europe . 
  we are all better off without the eu . 
  having last week announced his intention to leave parliament after 34 years , former cabinet minister peter lilley used his final prime minister 's questions to wish theresa may `` godspeed '' . 
  the mp for hitchen and harpenden also asked his party leader if she still recognised , when it came to the uk 's article 50 negotiations , `` that to get a reasonable deal we must accept that no deal is better than a bad deal '' ? 
  may famously used this phrase in her pivotal lancaster house speech on brexit in january . 
  in contrast to her predecessor , who foolishly declared up front his support for remain in last summer 's referendum on european union membership , whatever the outcome of his `` renegotiation '' , may took a much tougher line . 
  advertising last week , though , faced with lilley 's typically astute question , the prime minister conspicuously avoided the `` no deal '' construction . 
  one reason is that , ahead of june 8 , the tories are claiming a labour government would oversee a `` chaotic brexit '' . 
  that 's a harder sell if may , too , is emphasising an outcome that , to much of the public , seems scary . 
  tusk : eu will deal `` firmly '' with britain over brexit 01:35 her newfound reticence is also designed to attract swing-voters who backed remain . 
  tough talk is warranted when laying out your stall to brussels and the eu27 . 
  sounding more emollient is useful when appealing to the domestic centre-ground . 
  when it comes to brexit , the political game-playing is , of course , on-going . 
  with pre-election talk of tactical voting , local non-aggression pacts between opposition parties and tony blair vowing to `` fight '' brexit , much of the political and media class is still in referendum mode . 
  beyond westminster , the majority of the public , not least the corporate world , is sick of remain-leave antics . 
  far from political bickering , they want to hear more about the uk 's opportunities outside the eu and for the government to get on with brexit . 
  that was the spirit behind a major one-day conference in london last week . 
  dubbed prosperity uk , it was the brainchild of the investor and leave-voter paul marshall and paid-up remainer jonathan hill -- britain 's former eu commissioner . 
  `` beyond this rhetorical war , brexit will be neither a catastrophe nor a liberation , '' hill told delegates , who were mostly from business and academia . 
  `` there will be winners and losers and to say so is n't remoaner defeatism , '' he insisted . 
  `` neither is it swivel-eyed utopianism to see new and exciting opportunities for the uk outside the eu . '' theresa may welcomes european commission president jean-claude juncker to 10 downing street theresa may welcomes european commission president jean-claude juncker to 10 downing street credit : epa/andy rain of the countless interesting thoughts i heard from panellists at this conference , here are three . 
  luis de la calle , mexico 's former trade negotiator , was remarkably upbeat about britain 's ability to cut beneficial free-trade agreements ( ftas ) outside the eu . 
  the uk has `` strong historic relationships '' and a `` world-class services sector '' that does n't benefit much from many of the eu 's ftas . 
  the combination , he observed , means `` britain is probably the only country on earth that can realistically cut trade deals with the us , china and india as well as the eu '' . 
  such deals , if they happened , would cover two-thirds of the global economy . 
  the eu 's trade deals , tough to achieve given intra-eu conflicts , cover less than a tenth . 
  crawford falconer spoke about the world trade organisation -- the supra-national body that oversees global trade . 
  as new zealand 's former trade ambassador , he rightly sees the wto as `` fundamental to the stability and growth of the post-war world and vital to our future '' . 
  the uk `` has a massive opportunity to provide global economic leadership , '' falconer said , acting independently within the wto , rather than as one of 28 eu nations . 
  `` the uk can forge links and drive free trade around the world , at a time when leadership is desperately needed . '' shanker singham , the british director of the legatum institute 's special trade commission , widely seen as a source of impartial trade expertise , spoke on the single market . 
  coming out `` means some disruption , but is manageable , '' he said . 
  singham also observed that leaving the single market , rather than weakening uk financial regulation as many suggest , `` actually provides a useful opportunity to put consumer interests front and centre '' . 
  may welcomes juncker to downing street 00:53 i 'd add two more points . 
  while ftas are highly desirable , they 're not the be all and end all . 
  we should strike them when we can . 
  but the eu has no fta with the us -- - and american exports to the eu totalled $ 247bn last year . 
  all economies have `` access '' to the single market from outside the eu -- as will the uk . 
  the us and china have no fta , likewise the eu and china . 
  these three economies account for the bulk of global trade . 
  relying largely on wto rules is by no means a disaster . 
  if we 're offered a bad eu trade deal , we should , as lilley says , reject it . 
  if the eu and uk ca n't agree an fta within the two-year article 50 window , trade wo n't cease . 
  and if both sides end up paying relatively low wto export tariffs , britain will be quids-in given our eu trade deficit . 
  may gets this -- - even if , pre-election , she is toning down the rhetoric . 
  my second observation is the need to distinguish clearly between `` no deal '' on trade and `` just walking away '' . 
  the first is a coherent and sensible position . 
  the second , a failure to agree on matters such as co-operation on air traffic control and mutual customs recognition , would be mad . 
  of course such issues will be agreed -- we 're talking about the continuation of essentially administrative protocols that already exist and are uncontroversial . 
  lurid scare-stories about `` planes falling from the sky '' and `` lines of lorries at dover '' if britain has the audacity to reject , for a time , a disadvantageous eu trade deal , are just that . 
  with the national interest at stake , such rhetorical nonsense should stop . 
  but it obviously wo n't . 
  we have nato for our military obligations ; the significant eu armies + the uk & us are the biggest players within nato . 
  the eusc is a pointless body made for more federalism , anti-nationalism , anti-patriotism & further integration . 
  as for your financial argument ? 
  rubbish . 
  the uk is the primary economic country in europe , with the fastest growing major economy & with the biggest financial centre in the world based in it ( london ) . 
  furthermore , it 's the only country in europe with a large but viable currency with a foreseeable future . 
  to quote charles moore , and many other brexiteers , ` no deal is better than a bad deal ' . 
  it 's becoming increasingly clear that the uk has dodged impending disaster by brexiting . 
  it could , but it would be seriously harmed ; the uk , as said in the article , the countries inside it would need it and it would result in a curtailment of the credibility & capability of the eu -- & therefore their outreach is diminished . 
  i do n't think so ; i think it asking how it will cope during the negotiations ; if the negotiations are bad on the eu 's part , it 's future is really in jeopardy . 
  many eu officials would like to present the brexit negotiations as a case of one nervous member , weak at the knees , appearing before a menacing and united panel of 27 .
