this is complex and a bit of a chicken and egg issue . 
  some of the tourists certainly go to a location because it caters to them , but it might cater to them because it receives lots of tourists . 
  i 'm from hawaii so i understand the notion of diluting the local culture , but i never considered tourists annoying and i have never blamed them for anything . 
  why ? 
  because who would n't want to go to hawaii ? 
  plus , it 's generally local businesses or the hawaiian government that enticed them in the first place . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to blame tourists when hawaiian airlines gave them the idea and a discounted plane ticket . 
  yeah , fuck them , right ? 
  they have no right to sightsee and bolster the economy . 
  i think the word you 're looking for is `` gaudy '' . 
  ( although i really like this building ), 
  where did it drive your nuts to ? 
  if i had only seen pictures of it , i would totally agree with you . 
  but i was just there last weekend and it did n't bother me at all . 
  those pictures with the interior walls practically glowing are really misrepresentative . 
  i think the place is fantastic . 
  except not terrifying . 
  minor difference . 
  this was awesome . 
  thanks . 
  would n't renting your place out to oktoberfest goers be the * worst * decision you could make ? 
   like most of you . 
  i agreed with you until that . 
  i think the pot is calling the kettle black . 
  this could be problematic , because i have a feeling you pronounce `` caesar '' differently than we do in english . 
  it is indeed `` ts '' . 
  this is exactly how i feel . 
  `` black '' has been a neutral term for decades . 
  it has no intrinsic derogatory connotation . 
  why are people now becoming afraid to say it ? 
  i feel like if people do n't want to say `` black '' , it almost implies that they think being black is somehow bad . 
  just say the fucking normal word that we 've been saying for a while now . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  cheers . 
  haha yeah , looks like i was a little slow this time . 
  i see the whoosh now . 
  you just do n't concede , do you ? 
  people understand that producing meat is resource intensive and released ghgs . 
  but you are overestimating how many of a persons caloric intake is derived from meat ( carbs are usually bigger source , for instance ) . 
  you also are n't realizing that people eat basically the same amount whether they walk or not . 
  what are you even saying ? 
  what is a `` normal person '' , if i may ? 
  edit : it just occurred to me that you are probably not a native english speaker , so i should n't be so taken aback . 
  for the record , saying `` normal person '' in any kind of racial context is generally considered offensive because it usually implies that white people are normal and others are somehow abnormal . 
  i agree that it seems reasonable . 
  most new sports stadiums in the us cost somewhere between $ 300-600 million . 
  and this thing has to have all the fanciest tech and room for new tech down the road , plus probably a ton of security measures that we would n't know about . 
  i lived in the netherlands for a while and based on what i gathered from all of my professors , friends , journal articals , and the media , i 'd say the netherlands would never vote to take flanders and france would never vote to take wallonia . 
  according to the dutch , it 's not that flanders is n't cool or anything , they just see them as a little weird and too different to be apart of the same country ( after all , they say , that 's why they split up in the first place ) . 
  there are no value judgements in my statement . 
  just saying that 's what everybody makes it seem like . 
  this would be fantastic . 
  fuck fifa , fuck the russian government , fuck the qatari government . 
  these parties need to know that there are real consequences to their actions . 
  somebody sounds a little butthurt . 
  even if the aid was gold that still refutes your argument that the us did n't care until it was their problem . 
  i love me some southern german food , especially sp\u00e4tzle . 
  i hope and expect that big articles will continue to come out about it over time as they uncover more records . 
  wow , the media really fucks with you , even when you think you have a grip on perspective . 
  i honestly have only ever been shown shitty sad pictures and videos of belarus and naively always thought it must kinda suck . 
  the pictures you posted snapped me out of my hypnosis . 
  this really depends on how you define `` ideal '' . 
  sure , biologically , there are fewer risks when the parents are younger , but risks are still well within reason until at least 35 for the mother . 
  then there are logistical considerations . 
  older parents are almost always more financially stable and emotionally mature . 
  they are also probably less likely to feel resentment toward their children for `` taking their lives away '' . 
  at least for me and many of my friends , i think having children at around 30-35 is best . 
  we 're all becoming more responsible and stable , and modern medicine means biological risks are almost non-existent and easily identifiable . 
  that was my point when i said  there are a thousand legitimate reasons and i do n't think it 's a cultural thing . 
  i think it 's a rural vs. urban thing . 
  the same thing happens in the us and undoubtedly europe as well . 
  some people in rural areas still have kids and expect them to help on the farm and even to take over the farm when they get old . 
  all good points . 
  in your second edit , though , you say you 'd come out ahead if you were in the us . 
  but as a parent , you are surely aware that daycare is just one of countless costs a parent incurs , and i would n't be surprised if other social programs and services benefit german parents in ways i ca n't think of . 
  i guess in the end , it 's hard to say , just like most things in life . 
  note , i do n't see our exchange here as an argument in any way , since we 're both largely speculating and brainstorming . 
  are you really fucking blaming africans for not caring about their children ? 
  what a wildly inappropriate thing to say . 
  there are a thousand legitimate reasons why any given person in africa would have kids . 
  and there are reasons why they 'd have children unintentionally . 
  have you heard of rape ? 
  i think you 're right , but it 's hilarious hearing about inadequate public services from a german . 
  i 'm sure you already know america sucks in this regard , but literally one day of guaranteed maternity leave would be an improvement for us . 
  i 'm confused . 
  i 'm american and if we have another meaning for @ , i am unaware of it . 
  and if we do n't , why do so many countries have an alternate meaning for it and we do n't ? 
  `` maga '' also sounds like aussie slang . 
  `` get ya togs on and throw some magas on the barbie ! '', 
  this was all very cool . 
  thanks . 
  until this i knew nothing of warsaw besides the ministry of science or whatever building and that people said it was very american . 
  i 'll have to bump it up on my list of travel destinations . 
  has warsaw done this ? 
  i 've only heard people say that warsaw is very `` american '' in its city feel , with big skyscrapers and wide streets and highways . 
  could you give examples ? 
  i 'm very curious . 
   on the west coast of norway as an american , this is amusing . 
  just how many coasts do you guys have ?
