  nato consists of numerous countries , with those who are n't the us having a combined force of more than a million . 
  i 'm sure nato can find 10,000-15 ,000 soldiers that are n't americans to send if it came to that . 
  yes , sure , that 's exactly what happens - nato sends troops to eastern ukraine on behalf of the ukr government , and instead of quickly withdrawing its troops , russia nukes the world . 
  too many video games mate . 
  more than wellcome . 
  my city ( sofia ) , is full of greeks for the past few years . 
  i literary hear greek speech on the street i live on in downtown every day , so you will feel at home . 
   some advice about visiting : do not go to `` sunny beach '' unless you are actively seeking `` the british '' experience of a huge , shining , kitch resort full of clubs , bars and strips with drunken north/western european youth around it . 
  i highly reccomend places like veliko tarnovo and rilski monastery in the countryside , bansko-pamporovo-borovets for skiing in the mountains , or nessebar-sozopol for the seaside . 
  how about nato actually sends an army in eastern ukraine to crush the kremlin mercenaries instead of just sending threats ? 
  ukraine is a sovereign country that can allow foreign troops to help its army regain control lost to foreign insurgents . 
  nato would n't be breaking any international rules having such an army operate there , the way russia would if it recognised nato is attacking their troops . 
  we did it with communism . 
  worked like a charm . 
  and so it begins ... why 'd you have to unbury it ... why ^ why ^ why, 
  that 's quite surprising for me as i always thought greeks were very anti-bulgarian , looking down on us since we collapsed into poverty after communism compared to being equally developped back during ww2 . 
  it 's refreshing to see greeks with positive attitude towards us , as most people here love greece and a huge percentage of the population , something like 2 million out of 7 , visit greece for the summer each year . 
  you said it komshu , not me . 
  i am highly torn on this issue . 
  one one hand - it means more tourists here . 
  on the other - it means we export less to our largest export partner outside of the eu . 
  oh , yeah , and i guess people would die ... 
  from your own link : 1 . 
  fascism rejects assertions that violence is automatically negative in nature 2 . 
  fascists believe that liberal democracy is obsolete 3 . 
  fascism emphasizes direct action , including supporting the legitimacy of political violence , as a core part of its politics 4 . 
  fascism views violent action as a necessity in politics that fascism identifies as being an `` endless struggle '' 5 . 
  fascists promoted social welfare to ameliorate economic conditions affecting their nation 6 . 
  fascism condemned what it viewed as widespread character traits that it associated as the typical bourgeois mentality that it opposed , such as materialism , crassness , cowardice ----- sounds just like modern day anarchists , far-left and `` antifas '' . 
  when you add the below two it becomes text-book soviet communism : 7 . 
  they regard the complete mobilization of society under a totalitarian one-party state as necessary 8 . 
  economic self-sufficiency , known as autarky , was a major goal of most fascist governments, 
  our set of ex-communist agents and party officials posing as `` priests '' are having issues with the other agents and party officials from russia , so they boycot . 
  fuck all of them . 
  they poisoned and pretty much destroyed our orthodox church , the oldest slavic orthodox church in the world and one of the oldest independent churches in history . 
  well if the game is set in 1918 it makes sense to replace the russians with the americans , as the former were out of the war by the time the latter came in full force . 
  but cutting the main power in the entente - the french , is fucking ridiculous . 
  i did n't expect it either , yet there is a surprising ammount of people here defending the idea we should protect people 's feelings and unhealthy lifestyles . 
  what are the traits of a fascist ? 
  like ? 
  fair enough , thank you for the extensive reply . 
  how about being openly against immigration or an increasingly multi-cultural society ? 
  have you noticed this getting people in trouble , be it politically , socially or career-wise as they claim on the internt that it ruins people 's lifes and hence many stay quiet about it unless they are part of the major anti-immigration party ? 
  honest question from someone never having been to sweden - how much of the internet idea that sweden has a society and political establishment highly repressive towards anti-multiculturalism , feminism or nationalism is true ? 
  to what degree is sweden really pushed towards that and how much can you really openly oppose it without social negatives ? 
  coincidentally , there is one they * should * be fighting in right in their own country at the moment . 
  irrelevant in the context of my question . 
  they are overwhelmingly painted as even `` far-right '' conservatives abroad by the media . 
  hence that 's what they are to the german public , regardless of their actual policies . 
  i ask if this perception is why the germans dropped in their cooperation willingness . 
  a topic about a specific brand of churches built during communism - you do n't comment on this at all , but try to shift it to churches overall being built today . 
  yes , this is actually unrelated , believe it or not . 
  churches can be built through various methods of funding - the vast majority of them are done so by donations or the church itself . 
  the authorities can also sponsor the building of a church if they consider it to be an improvement of the area . 
  same as they sponsor parks to make neighbourhoods prettier despite not `` every single citizens going to parks '' , or how they sponsor sports stadiums despite plenty of people not going to sports events ( actually much more so than the atheists in the case of poland ) , or how they sponsor concert halls or theatres despite not everyone attending these either . 
  if the state only sponsored stuff that absolutely 100 % of the citizens used , it would only build power lines and sewer systems . 
  nothing else . 
  zero . 
  your attempt to question why they sponsor something that more than 80 % of the population uses/approves is another desperate call for attention from an atheist . 
  i bet your are one of those guys that makes it clear to you he 's an atheist in the first half an hour you meet him . 
  this thread kind proves that with you so desperately trying to divert the topic of old churches built during communism towards the construction of new ones today , and attack that because it `` only '' serves about 80 % of the population , and not all , as if anything the state sponsors serves all . 
  last time i checked communism is over and this article is about churches already built in the past , not currently in progress or planned . 
  if you feel a strong urge to show off you ' r an atheist pole and argue against the church find a suitable topic that is about currently built state-funded churches , this one is n't about that . 
  tax-payers that are overwhlemingly catholic and will use those churches ? 
  hurr-durr the govnmt is spending money on something * i * wo n't use , how * dare * they !, 
  is the drop in poland co-operation to do with the election of right wing government ? 
  we built a wall and it was yuuuuge . 
  then show which of my above claims are wrong . 
  all you do is conjecture . 
  my claims were that russia pays its pensioners extremely low pensions despite being able to afford paying the 4th largest military budget in the world . 
  whilst only being the 13th largest economy . 
  a dichtonomy that shows where the ruling elite 's priority lies - in parading itself as a world power , selling a nationalistic cool-aid of `` might '' , and power projection . 
  over the well-being of the citizens , who could use those tens of billions thrown into the army , or at the most expensive games in human history , or massive parades , or the palaces in which putin 's close oligarchs live , etc. 
  you are simultaniously defensive about this , and at the same time try to avoid addressing it directly - saying if either my numbers provided are wrong or if you find nothing bad in this situation . 
  instead you just say `` i know better i live here '' , as if i ' v argued about life in russia overall . 
  it 's clear you do n't want to defend this particular fact about the kremlin 's criminal spending on pointless games and military gadgets whilst so many could use that money , yet you also feel the need to defend the russia from a foreigner writing something critical of it . 
  which is precisely the toxic tribal mentality that allows your regime to play you off against the `` russophobic '' foreigners whenever they criticize its actions , and deflect that criticism behind `` us vs them '' . 
  you all must understand that when we criticize what `` russia '' is doing or how things are we are n't attacking the russian people , out of some shitty russophobia , we are attacking the regime , out of disgust for autocratic , cleptocratic and militaristic thieving juntas . 
  their deflection of this as `` russophobic '' or against your whole nations is the same thing the soviets did for decades , including in my country , whilst they fucked us over . 
  it 's a highly tribal/xenophobic reaction i ' v seen from most russians - `` yes our politicians could be fucking us over in the most cynical of ways but * you * do n't dare mention anything of it you filthy foreigner '' . 
  then why are you so desperately trying to argue the facts and to defend the shitty regime in russia that treats your people like medieval peasants less worthy than the weapons and army ? 
  mostly private pension schemes . 
  what i gave was the minimum averare for those 60 % who do n't have such a private plan . 
  meaning this is the bottom , and it 's still 13x higher than the higher russian pensions . 
  compared to the russian bottom it 's cosmic in difference , despite life costs not being 20x and upwards in russia . 
  could n't think of anything , eh ? 
  your 61.000 km border is primarily with countries like kazahstan , mongolia , finland , ukraine , belarus - which of these are a threat ? 
  are the mongols gon na burn moscow again ? 
  your other large border is with china , which you claim is an ally . 
  could n't find an excuse as to why your leaders do n't give two shits about your freezing , starving old people on $ 4 a day , whilst they throw billions on trying to be a world military power despite barely 13th economy and much , much lower per capita one , on [ the most expensive games in human history ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/why-sochi-is-by-far-the-most-expensive-olympics-ever-2014-1 ) , on [ the largest military parades ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_moscow_victory_day_parade ) in the world , all of this for the sake of stroking the nationalistic ego of their obedient subjects who consider feeling `` relevant '' and `` powerful '' more important than secure elderly people , good healthcare , adequate infrastructure or stopping an [ africa-level epidemic of hiv ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/russian-hiv-cases-reach-record-high-of-over-a-million-a6828816.html ) . 
  keep trying to justify the people leeching off of you and your family . 
  top spender has more than 10x the gdp of russia . 
  he spends 3.9 % of its gdp on the military , whilst having an average pension of [ $ 15,784 per year . 
  ] ( http://www.nirsonline.org/index.php?option=com_content&amp;task=view&amp;id=336&amp;itemid=111 ) meanwhile , russia spends 5.4 % of its gdp on the military , despite having an average pension of less than $ 1100 a year . 
  russia spends a higher percentage of its gdp on the military , whilst the disparity in average pensions is bigger ( 13x ) than the disparity in gdp or gdp per capita . 
  in 1999 the russian pensions had shrunk to an all-time low due to the complete economic collapse . 
  they increased from close to nothing , to very , very little . 
  meanwhile , the military had n't been dissolved to almost nothing like the pensions , it was one of the few sectors in russia that did n't dissapear , so its 4x increase ended up reaching huge levels - 4th in the entire world , despite the country only being 13th economy , and having pensions and living standards well below the top 30 countries . 
  how exactly would you justify if your country was spending enough money to be 4th military power , whilst only being 13th economy and well below the top in everything from pensions , to healthcare , infrastructure , hiv rates , poverty etc. 
  etc ?
