  each nation deserves to have one such nation-state structure in the world , that will ensure the survival and preservation of this national narrativ , identity and language . 
  it 's a very simple system , a very simple concept , hence i don ' ; t get why cultural nihilists like yourself have a problem with it . 
  there are plenty of non-nation states you can go to if you do n't like living in one that promotes a specific national identity . 
  canada , australia , brazil , nicaragua - lots of recent colonial states have adopted a multi-cultural , multi-religious , multi-ethnic character that exists to promote no specific ethnic or historical identity . 
  hence , every person on earth has a choice to go and live in any type of state he wishes - if he wants to live in one that protects and promotes a specific nation - he finds that particular nation state - eg . 
  the bulgarian , or croatian , or polish one . 
  if he does n't want that , he goes to a colonial , non-nation state . 
  why do you want to conform the whole world to taht and make them all non-national , depriving billions of people who wish their nation has a specific state of its own , existing purely to promote its own unique nationality , of that opportunity ? 
  i want to have my kids raised in a bulgarian nation-state that represents , protects and promotes this nationality and langauge only - i should have that opportunity , same as the turks have that opportunity with a state called turkey , or you have the opportunity to raise yours in an entirely non-nation multicultural state , of which there are plenty out there . 
  there is something for all , and yet you want to limit that choice by removing the national character of the nation-states , or at least of the one the bulgarians have . 
  which is horridly self-centered and incosiderate . 
  the fact you have been de-nationalized does n't mean it is either the case with the majority of the nation or with the idea of it and of a nation-state in the first place . 
  that 's like an atheist asking why does the catholic church exists . 
  it does , because there are still 2 billion catholics , so his lack of religion is meaningless to its existance . 
  similarly , the vast majority of bulgarians actuall fully take part in the national belonging and identity , chosing to associate the bulgarian language , the bulgarian traditions , the bulgarian history and the bulgarian state with a specific group of people , whom they perceive as belonging to . 
  a group of people that wants to have , and has , its own state , dedicated to preserving this perceived identity . 
  that 's what a nation is - an identity linked to language , culture , country and others . 
  you can chose to have it or not , but you ca n't demand others do n't have it when you do n't . 
  you ca n't say bulgaria should n't exist as a nation state of the bulgarians because you no longer perceive yourself as such or see a point in nationality . 
  in that case , be neutral , or emigrate . 
  but do n't stay within a state with a firm majority of people chosing to belong to said nationality and advocate the state they want to exists for the sake of perpetuating their nationality be wiped out in favour of a dualistic , a multicultural , or just a neutral , purely burreaucratic administrative entity . 
  that 's very selfish and entitled . 
  like an atheist telling 2 billion catholics to stop having a catholic church or to reform it to accomodate other religions too , because he sees no point in being part of it . 
  that 's up to them to decide , and as long as there are catholics there will be a church specifically for them and for the protection and promotion of their religion , not that of others . 
  as long as there are bulgarians there should be a state specifically for them and for the protection and promotion of their language , history , identity and nationality , not that of others . 
  if you do n't feel part of the bulgarian nation any more you are free to leave . 
  if you want to stay , you are welcome too , just do n't try to deprive the remaining bulgarians of the nation-state created to protect and perpetuate the national identity and language they inherited . 
  if you want to aim for a dualisic state , sure . 
  a bulgaro-turkish republic . 
  then it makes sense . 
  wheras if you want a bulgarian nation-state , which has been the aim for the past 130 years , you ca n't have a minority language or national identity be made official if it exceedes certain high percentage . 
  sure , when bulgarians are less than 1 % of the population in serbia it does n't threaten their efforts at a serbian nation-state to allow for bulgarian language schools . 
  but with more than 10 % of the population this changes . 
  if you legitimise their language as equal to the bulgarian in official state matters ( such as public education ) , this opens the door . 
  next the national identity will be demanded as equally official . 
  then history . 
  then you reach the question - why is this `` bulgaria '' , if it 's officially an equally turkish as much as bulgarian in matters of language , identity and history ? 
  why not reform it into a bulgaro-turkish republic ? 
  why not make turkish present in all official , state insignia and administration , like french , dutch and german are in belgium ? 
  mind you , germans are barely 40,000 people in 11 million belgium , and yet just for being officially recognised as an equal langauge they have all of the above . 
  that 's what making a language `` official '' for a state means and leads to . 
  i do n't know about you , but i want no transformation of this country to anything beyond a purely bulgarian nation-state , existing to preserve and perpetuate above all the bulgarian national identity , history , language and culture . 
  others , like the turks , can be accomodated ( and they certainly are ) , but not made official for the state . 
  for the country - sure . 
  it 's their * country * as much as ours . 
  but the state . 
  the state * we * fought for and craved to have for centuries . 
  the state is ours . 
  it 's bulgaria , it 's bulgarian . 
  nothing non-bulgarian can be official for it - be it language , identity or historical narrativ . 
  or should be . 
  so i ask you what the alternative definition of this particular type of leftists , who for some highly paradoxical reasons defend the spread of a strongly illiberal ideology in europe - islam , is . 
  regressive denotes the fact they defend the spread of an ideology that is in the context of european political discourse the opposite of what is perceived as `` prograssive '' - hence , regressive . 
  it makes sense , not as an insult , like `` shitty right '' , but in logical terms . 
  i ask you to provide a more logical , clear term for this particular type of leftists if you are going to reject this one . 
  it 's worked great for european nation-states for the past 200 or so years . 
  it consolidated previously divided by regionalism societies into united , modern nations . 
  nulified cultural clashes as such we can see in diverse usa today , to the point even when poor , homogeneus societies like the polish or hungarian remain highly stable and peaceful . 
  if anything , multiculturalism within society is irrational and artificial just for the sake of it , but in reality bringing division , social cohesion and tensions - race related , religious , ethnic , cultural etc. 
  a homogeneus nation-state creates an orderly , peaceful society like japan , south korea , or even when poorer - poland , hungary , czechia etc. 
  multiculturalism gives you ghettoisation , social tension , race riots , political correctness a ton of other , unnecessary issues . 
  if we have seen how monocultural societies can be just as successful and progressive , like japan , then why bring unnecessary multiculturalism into it that could lead , and almost always does , to problems and issues monocultural societies do n't have ? 
  for the sake of how `` great '' and `` progressive '' the idea sounds ? 
  * this * is actually the artificial and irrational thing . 
  having a dominant monoculture in your country is wrong ? 
  why is it ? 
  honest question . 
  do you believe no such thing as a regressive phenomenon exists among the left ? 
  and if not , what is the correct term i should use for left wingers who paradoxically defend islam , a fundamentally illiberal ideology , from criticism ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  your country and the rest of the developped world have mastered the brain-drain and sucking in the cheap labour from other countries , even if it devastates them ( those other countries ) in the long term . 
  but when poland does it it 's `` opportunism '' ? 
  how about just stop filling europe with outsiders ? 
  suddenly , no need for either stygmatisation or integration . 
  would that work for both parties ? 
  considering we have 800,000 turkish minority this is very sensitive topic . 
  it might mean bulgarian will be overruled as sole official langauge here and they could push for public education in turkish for their region of the country . 
  currently bulgarian is obligatory , also for all political activities . 
  history has made this nation very sensitive towards the turks so there might be hell to pay if they manage to overrule bulgarian as sole official language by pulling the `` official eu language '' card . 
  europe might very well be trading ethnic stability in cyprus for instability in bulgaria . 
  highly appreciated . 
  serbs did a superb job after 1944 is all . 
  before that , when the majority of people in macedonia indetified as bulgarian , plenty of great poets and revolutionaries from that region wrote their stuff in a language understood by your and us equally . 
  many , of course , had to run to bulgaria when the serbs took over and then again after ww2 . 
  helicopters only merits you the dialect title . 
  planes do the language , whilst tanks alone mean you have a `` tongue '' . 
  it 's the rules mate , i ai n't made them . 
  ( jesus did ), 
  you ' r wellcome . 
  and you 'd kick off irredentism towards poland . 
  except the croats did it themsleves . 
  they always were a different nation , and made concious choice to both split , and add words . 
  in macedonia the population held predominantly bulgarian identity until 1944 . 
  it was the yugoslav state which imposed the nation-building process onto them for the purpose of removing any chances of future bulgarian irredentism towards the region , which already led it to attack serbia 3 times after they took the region in 1912 . 
  they imposed this onto the people , in schools , the made up history that borrows from the histories of other people , the `` language '' that was formed by bulgarian linguists brough over from the communist regime in bulgaria . 
  some of them wrote books about it after the fall of the regime , repenting in front of the nation that they were part of the process of making a nation up out of about 25 % of the bulgarians . 
  so , it 's a dialect after all ? 
  the `` slav-macedonians '' are n't annoyed by calling it a slavic language - no one claims it is n't . 
  ( you ca n't claim it 's not ) it 's the bulgarians that are annoyed that it 's called macedonian separate language . 
  which is like calling a language `` bavarian '' , or `` cypriotic '' , or `` moldovan '' , or `` scottish '' ( the germanic one ) etc.
