  the state has zero right to meddle in the management of someone 's private property . 
  it breaks fundamental human rights that classical european liberalism has accepted all the way back to john lock . 
  it 's a matter of principle and standing for basic human rights , as opposed to using state power to socially engineer society however way you want . 
   and you wonder why the sane residents of your country are leaving en masse smh . 
  what does that mean ? 
  his property , his right to do that . 
  the state should n't interfere with a private owner 's choice of whom to lend or engage in economic activity with . 
  it sets up a dangerous precedent of government power encoraching on the fundamental human right to private property and free association with other individuals . 
  if you want to fight racism you should find ways to do it that do n't give the state powers over the individual it should n't have . 
  that 's just trading one evil for another . 
  pis supporter checking in . 
  * we are being raped economically * , 
  18th century soviet times ? 
  you 're trying too hard to be a special little oppressed snowflake . 
  you 're not catching anyone 's attention or sympathy . 
  your `` people '' do n't exist and you 're just a polak whose most likely social failure encourages him to look for other identities to feel special . 
  no one cares . 
  the right question actually is - * should it * ? 
  each and every single of these regions has an indigenous population with its identity . 
  to assimilate is to become part of one of them , rather than live 4 generations in france but still identify as an algerian , look at the indigenous people as `` others '' , actively profess islam and consider the muslim world closer to you culturaly than europe and the western world . 
  an indigenous person of europe ca n't consider other civilizations and worlds closer to him than his own continent , and if he does - then he 's not assimilated but a foreign , non-european cultural enclave that benefits us in no way . 
  you are all deluding yourself with the bullshit of `` diversity is our streanght , tolerance and blah blah '' - you balkanize your societies and will turn them into yugoslavia or syria one day . 
  you should be smarter than to repeat the mistakes of others yet too blinded by culural relativism and leftist ideological bias . 
  your grandchildren will pay when the muslims and other non-european communities within your countries become large enough to impose their views of society and their traditions , turning your countries [ into this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y597zkuhhsa ) . 
  you keep talking of integration when i talk of assimilation . 
  this makes the discussion of my original comment pointless . 
  bulgaria has the highest percentage of muslims of every single eu country . 
  there is a reason you chose the word integrated . 
  you know very well they have n't and most never will assimilate , merely integrate , hence making french society less homogeneus and creating unnecessary cultural enclaves whose existence is only a burden on the stability of the country . 
  immigration helps that . 
  immigration does not have to cause a diverse society if done properly . 
  no one is forcing france to accept millions of completely incompatible and unassimilatable maghrebis as opposed to immigrants from south america for example . 
  he would have far , far more reasons and incentives to care for that , all of your questions up until now have been answered in [ this short ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k12teooksqm ) introduction into royalism , yet you keep repeating them . 
  watch it and then if you want to attack the arguments presented , do that , i will gladly answer . 
  then we finally agree , this was my original statement - whatever people believe or not , it makes no difference to the turkish reality of a 35 % -40 % kurdish population this century . 
  lol , `` cia factbook '' is notoriously out of date and inaccurate , because it does n't have its own sources - it uses government stats from respective countries . 
  so if turkey puts the number of kurds at that , that 's what cia takes . 
  it 's hilarious you are actually quoting the turkish government 's official numbers of kurds . 
  i am polish not bulgarian , so your last resort in this losing discussion - to aim at my nationality , is lost . 
  sucks , aint it ? 
  and yet your rethoric is 100 % turk turanist-level bullshit we 've heard for literary 20 years now despite it being impossible that a population of high birth rates remains exactly the same numbers . 
  i guess even in new zealand turkish mothers calm their kids down before bedtime with the fairy-tale of the `` forever 15 million kurds who always stay the same number and will never threaten our declining population '' . 
  i ' v been hearing this for 20 years . 
  for decades now turks always say `` the kurdish population is 15 million '' . 
  somehow they have 3 children ( and used to be above 4 even ) on average , yet they stay at 15 million always . 
  literary i remember in the 90s people saying that same number . 
  you turks are hilarious , truly . 
  btw , `` trevor philips from new zealand '' , everyone can see your comments and even more so smell your turkish butthurt . 
  [ you have no idea what you 're talking about do you ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e7/turkey_total_fertility_rate_by_statistical_region_2014.png ), 
  the reality is no amount of sneering remarks will save you from a future kurdistan , seeing as turks are already a declining demographic , whereas the kurds are well above 3 children per woman . 
  you are doomed to give kurds autonomy , either peacefully when they become 50 % of your young electorate or through a syria-style civil war . 
  it will happen nonetheless . 
   but immigration is the only way to keep a stable workforce and gdp if the birth rate falls below 2 . 
  even japan is increasing provisions for skilled migrants to make up for the missing ethnic japanese . 
  nope , not the only way . 
  immigration still does not imply creating a diverse society as long as it is coupled with hard-core assimilation . 
  the society only accept migrants of as close a cultural , racial and civilizational community as possible and then assimilates them quickly to force its own , native identity , thus not creating lasting foreign communities . 
  something most societies around earth used to do before western leftists decided assimilation is wrong and we should `` encourage them to keep their identity '' . 
   most europeans rarely encounter ethnic tensions , either , outside of watching the news . 
  the non-westerners they interact with are rarely migrants or terrorists . 
  xenophobia is bad for business if china and korea keep boycotting your shit because you 're racist china and korea never boycott japan because of its treatment of the koreans , so i still wait to hear how exactly does a homogeneus society get more tension with its neighbours than a diverse one . 
   pakistan is no more diverse historically than most european countries . 
  it 's over 90 % indo-iranian muslim . 
  the reason it appears so diverse is that a national identity has n't formed . 
  homogeneity is as much an outcome as an input ; you 've got the causality wrong . 
  pakistan is a lot more diverse than czechia or poland yet has tensions with its neighbours , same as many other diverse societies . 
  you still have to prove how is it that diverse societies have less tension with their neighouring countries . 
  it simply does n't represent reality . 
   richer countries attract more immigrants . 
  eastern europe is mainly homogeneous because nobody wants to live there who was n't born there . 
  eastern europe is not mainly homogeneus . 
  you seem woefully unprepared for this debate . 
  historically eastern europe is far , far more diverse than western , and even today it has countries with considerable minorities , much bigger than the western ones . 
  ukraine is almost dived by 50 % like no other western european society . 
  bulgaria has 13 % muslims and 10 % gypsies , far more than any of you . 
  romania has a massive hungarian minority apart from the tatar and serbian ones . 
  serbia , croatia , bosnia , montenegro , albania and macedonia are an ethnic mess like no other . 
  latvia and estonia have massive russian minorities . 
  lithuania and belarus have polish and the latter russian ones . 
  russia is a patchwork of ethnic regions . 
  so again - you are completely uninformed and uneducated to argue this topic it seems and are desperate to find any reason to support the pointless idea of a diverse society over a homogeneus one . 
  there 's a button on the computer that can save you from my opinion and there 's an orifice under your lower back where you can shove your complaints of it . 
  it 's funny that literary the very existence of migrant communities within a diverse society protesting this and that ... `` has nothing to do with diversity '' . 
  how do you know that ? 
  am i under your surveillance ? 
  homogeneity does not cause falling birth rates . 
  saudi arabia is quite homogeneus and quite well in terms of birth rates . 
  do n't mix the two . 
  diverse societies can have low birth rates and homogeneus ones can have high , there are numerous other factors . 
  racism and xenophobia are not a problem for the 99 % of people in a homogeneus society . 
  yet the social and cultural clashes within diverse societies easily affect the majority . 
  the former thus is less damage than the latter . 
  again , geo-political tensions have nothing to do with how homogeneus or diverse your population is . 
  homogeneus czechia has what tensions with slovakia , poland or germany ? 
  diverse pakistan and india do n't have geo-political tensions because of their diversity ? 
  your correlation is nonsensical . 
  eastern europeans move to western europe because of communism , regardless if their societies are homogeneus like poland or diverse like bulgaria . 
  people from more diverse bulgaria might move to more homogeneus norway for example , so where 's your logic ? 
  economics also has nothing to do with diversity or homogeneity , else diverse nigeria would be a paradise compared to far more homogeneus denmark .
