  socialist promises are still powerfull in the minds of the masses . 
  death squads , theft of an entire nation 's private property , complete oppression of a nation 's right to express itself or protest ? 
  all `` right '' things according to castro 's fan club it seems . 
  a symbol of confiscating private property and destroying people 's most basic rights of free enterprise , free movement , free expression and free economic relations . 
  no communist can be a positive symbol , even purely ideologically and in the context of his time . 
  capitalism is why they have circa 4 times the living standard of all those countries where planned economy was imposed , such as mine . 
  government corruption is why banks were allowed to do what they did . 
  capitalism has competition and personal responsibility for one 's failures at its core , so i fail to see how it is `` capitalism '' when banks are bailed out . 
  if anything , it 's socialism for the rich . 
  how is he not a better candidate ? 
  is n't his programme based on cutting the burreaucracy , regulation and taxes , limiting migration and pushing for an `` eu of nations '' rather than federalisation , with a restored role of france as the major geo-political leader with germany on the continent . 
  he sounded highly capitalist oriented , nationalistic and anti-regulation . 
  meanwhile jews flee europe in record numbers and anti-semitism is again on the rise both due to the growing muslim communities , which people like van der bellen have supported , whilst those like hofer oppose . 
  now imagine the irish claimed they invented english and gave it to the latter . 
  or that all of english history is actually irish and the latter stole it . 
  or that all english historical figures and rulers are actually irish . 
  just add the irish doing the same to the french , scottish and belgians , and you ' v got a full picture of what macedonian `` nation building '' is . 
  they can have their modern nation if they so desire , but they have to stop basing it on appropriating the histories , people and cultures of their neighbouring nations . 
  and accept their history as a separate nation starts in the 20th century . 
  dame gruev is a bulgarian freedom fighter from macedonia , whom the modern `` macedonian nation '' claims as its own . 
  here he is quoted as writing `` we are bulgarians and will always work for the unificaiton of the homeland '' , over a map of united bulgaria , inside of which are the dates of the ilinden uprising in macedonia and the famous here `` freedom or death '' flag . 
  the left should stop labelling `` anti-abortion '' as a bad thing . 
  being against the legal right of women to abort is bad . 
  being against the act of abortion is n't . 
  that 's like , say , adultery - it 's one thing to despise the act itself , and an entirely different thing to want to criminalize it . 
  i feel that the left , in their rightful push for legalization of abortion , are going a bit too far in trying to normalize the act itself as something good or just a minor physical procedure . 
  `` no biggie '' . 
  that 's like going from fighting to de-criminalize adultury ( normal ) , to promoting adultury as something good , morally acceptable or insignificant . 
  oppose desires to criminalize abortion . 
  not campaigns against the act itself trying to merely convince people it is n't a moral thing to do . 
  ( as long as these do n't also push for criminalization ), 
  why ? 
  perhaps because it is disputed if they should give credit to the hungarians , serbs or byzantines :  another premise is offered by byzantinist scholars , who argue the term originated in roman military practice , and the cursarii ( singular cursarius ) . 
  [ 8 ] 10th-century byzantine military manuals mention chonsarioi , light cavalry , recruited in the balkans , especially serbs , `` ideal for scouting and raiding '' . 
  [ 9 ] this word was subsequently reintroduced to western european military practice after its original usage had been lost with the collapse of rome in the west . 
  [ 10 ]  according to webster 's dictionary , the word hussar stems from the hungarian husz\u00e1r , which in turn originates from the serbian \u0445\u0443\u0441\u0430\u0440 ( husar , or \u0433\u0443\u0441\u0430\u0440 , gusar ) , meaning pirate , from the medieval latin cursarius ( cf. 
  the english word corsair ) . 
  brace for a massive butthurt from him . 
  oh cmon , do n't be butthurt , romania is a shithole , everyone knows it . 
  we do n't have entire memmorials , but [ these kinds ] ( http://www.skat.bg/private/images/news/2/21156.jpg ) of grafitti are [ very common ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-jdihwq8a4k8/vvpzqgh6_0i/aaaaaaaabyo/y7ejqelgp9sd71z9sfmpa5ircknqxqw-a/s1600/dame%2bgruev.jpg ) . 
  you think 19th century wallachians decided to give the name of their unified with moldavia country after a tiny minority of people ( a few dozen thousands back then ) whom they despised and even kept as slaves ? 
  where 's the logic in that ? 
  or any sources ? 
  calm down , 19th century propaganda . 
  `` land of romans '' . 
  you 'd be surprised , but it actually kinda existed in a theoretical form . 
  maybe not an empire , but a colonial state through the dutchy of courland . 
  ( which in my language literary means the dutchy of dickland :d ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/couronian_colonization, 
  i see it as absolute freedom of speech before the law . 
  meaning i could just as well support nazis as i can marxists or liberals openly , and the state ca n't punish me for my views . 
  people can fire me or deny me access to their media , but the state stays politically impartial and does not punish anyone for any views , regardless if they offend someone else . 
   demagoguery as opposed to which leading politicians at the moment ? 
   appeasing russia all i ' v heard from him is a desire to work with russia in syria against isis , not a problem . 
  if he appeases them on ukraine or not is a question for the future . 
   opposition to free trade limits to free trade , not opposition . 
  if something is n't in the interrest of a nation why should a foreign leader push for it ? 
   weakening of nato and the eu that is impossible , as weakening the international stance and military position of one automatically strengthens the other . 
  the more he weakens nato the more push there will be for a remalitarization of europe itself and an eu army . 
  why should merkel oppose that ? 
  so we keep relying on the us for protection ? 
   climate change denial one good answer . 
  stand up to what exactly ? 
  what is it in particular that makes the northern europeans such fucking filthy , uncivilized , obscene animals when abroad ? 
  why have i not seen this from southern or eastern tourists whenever i ' v met such on a holiday , but almost all brits , dutch , danes etc. 
  i met acted just like that ? 
  so are the africans/arabs etc. 
  being pushed out of paris and major french cities due to gentrification ? 
  where do they go ? 
  there has never been a civil war in bulgaria after medieval times . 
  unlike in france , so the joke kinda backfires . 
   ratzinger was quite the known child abuser himself sources ? 
  no , the equivalent is if the us had agressively cut a piece of land from germany 's territory , installed its own separatist government there , and put military bases . 
  moldova is n't asking russia to remove bases on its own controlled land , but in a breakaway region run by former kgb officers , protected by said russian bases . 
  there is no parallel - moldova is asking to reunite its own territory from separatists , nothing to do with a united germany having us bases . 
  there * was * a ton of abuse , when the church became a haven for pedophiles seeking kids back in the 50s-90s , after which the scandals started popping up and cost the church a lot in both settlements and prestige , so a number of reforms were made to address this . 
  today all estimates and research i can find on the subject shows a sharp decline in it and no greater percentage of pedophiles in the church than in the general population . 
  it was john locke who determined private property as a natural right a few centuries before rand was even born , and our entire civilization ever since has been resting , and prospering , on that principle . 
  believing in natural human rights of life , liberty and property does n't make you a rand-ian libertarian , and i 'm personally not one . 
  both of which are natural and normal processes that do n't need regulation against . 
  there does n't exist a natural human right to `` live in the downtown '' of a major city if you ca n't afford it , but there does exist a natural human right to private property and being able to let it to whomever you so choose . 
  there 's nothing more normal than the downtowns of major cities being the most expensive places where only the affluent can live . 
  this is actually how the beautiful old towns and 19th century architecture in europe we all cherish today was built in the first place - by the rich who lived in the center of these cities before communism , not by the centers being ghettos or `` working class neighbourhoods '' . 
  sorry , but those belong outside of the center and gentrification of it is completely natural , normal and above all - legal . 
  government intervention to prevent it through regulation is a violation of basic human rights to private property and a deeply populist form of social engineering . 
  good days . 
  shame it turned out so bad for us in the end . 
  ... in the 60s , 70s and 80s . 
  like basically 90 % of all catholic church abuse scandals , after which there were deep reforms and a sharp drop in this . 
  both capitals - in poland . 
  the monarch - in poland . 
  the senate - in poland . 
  most of the population - in poland . 
  most of the economy ( before the deluge ) - in poland . 
  official languages - latin and polish , never lithuanian . 
  it was poland in all but name . 
  of course . 
  it 's a crisis of an identity being destroyed by leftists and a demography being replaced by the mass migration they bring . 
  what alternative solutions do you propose ? 
  since i nowhere made a statement or even suggested bulgaria was blameless it seems pointless to answer it with `` but '' as if you are refuting something i am stating . 
  i was merely explaining why in my opinion bulgaria was nowhere near `` going all hitler '' in the balkans by merely having a territorial dispute with two of its neighbours on splitting a region it was promised to as part of pre-war agreements .
