  simply because they can . 
  it might , therefore end up being cheaper for poland to buy russian gas sold cheaply to germany , than directly the expensive deal russia gives it . 
  but then they love saying bulgaria 's betrayed their `` slavic , orthodox brothers '' by joining eu and nato , despite them gladly fucking us over long before we joined with the prices they have as a monopoly . 
  100 years of full british control of india . 
  before that another 100 years of very partial control of certain regions by the east india company . 
  and rightfully so . 
  it 's not western countries gripped by revanchism and ultra-nationalism , utilized by a neo-fascist regime to aggresively expand its borders and create frozen conflicts inside russia . 
  it 's russia that is experiencing the mental state of a collapsed super power in desperate need of reinserting its dominance , so there 's plenty of reason to regard them , especially if you ' r in europe , as a threat . 
  not that much if you ' r one of them to regard the castrated eu states that ca n't even protect their borders as an adversary . 
  they ' r currently only adversary to their own societies . 
  with the hungarians you have common greco-roman basis , 1500 years of christian influence , 1000 years of medieval period with catholic church , monasteries and european universities , went simultaniously through the rennaissance , reformation , the monarchical and socio-political changes in europe , the englithment age , industrialization ... you share common understanding of basic european humanism , individualism , fashion ... one can go on for long explaining all the fundamental similarities that nations belonging to the european civilization experienced in the past 2000 years , so i find it ridiculous to consider yourself closer to people with deeply different history , culture and traditions just because you had couple of centuries in the same colonial empire and a few decades of their presences as a large immigrant group . 
  perhaps they still did 70 years after the aztec were conquered . 
   if you say , ridicule mohammed by drawing a caricature you are knowingly insulting a muslim in the worst way possible . 
  the message you are sending is `` i hate your guts '' . 
  you are doing the exact same thing by ridiculing hitler or stalin . 
  i personally know people who would be deeply offended by attacks on one of these two historical figues . 
  but something tells me * their * feelings you do n't really care about and that you ' v probably personally ridiculed hitler at least once in your life with disregard if you 'll hurt someone 's feelings this way . 
  that 's what i said too , glad we agree on the matter . 
  i think it might actually be , indeed , harder to bring your own lunch than to force modern liberal europe to change itself to accomodate your tastes . 
  \u0423\u0433\u0430 \u0431\u0443\u0433\u0430 \u0432\u0443\u0433\u0430 \u0430\u0431\u0440\u0430 \u043a\u0430\u0434\u0430\u0431\u0440\u0430 / falling unemployment obviously helps fight the misery of those who were previously without a job and stable income . 
  child poverty is naturally affected by their parents ' employment status . 
  is that why eu 's poorest nation bulgaria has higher than greece , scandinavia , holland or ireland ? 
  the baltics and russia even higher . 
  portugal and spain are poorer as well . 
  income logic fails very badly . 
  on the contrary , this sub is suffering a terrible blow to its quality precisely by people posting partial info , click-baits or not bothering to go into details of articles . 
  it 's turned into a circlejerk of click-bait threads . 
  i too am disgusted by the notion of this woman , but are we meant to just come here and agree with each-other , or perhaps have some debate on the arguments and points she 's raising ? 
  arguments and points no one but the swedes can understand . 
  or maybe only post to an international , predominantly non-swedish forum only stuff with translation ? 
  there 's r/sweddit for the rest . 
  are we meant to understand swedish on r/europe ? 
  why would they ? 
  stormfront is based on the white us supremacism movement of the ku klux klan , which has always been vehemently anti-catholic . 
  i know there 's lots of `` christians '' like that and i do n't consider them christians any more than i do the muslims who do n't follow the quran . 
  we ca n't keep using he same terms for people who are vastly different - those with merely a cultural/hereditary belonging to a religious group , and those with a practical and ideological one . 
  it 's misleading and factually incorrect . 
  i believed a muslim is the name of a person who follows the teachings of mohammad and the quran . 
  if the latter say it 's an affront to god to consume alcohol and should n't be done , but you do it , how exactly are you a follower of these ? 
  besides , they * telling * you they are muslim is the same as me telling you i am a vegetarian , whilst having a nice big steak . 
  will you accept i 'm a vegetarian just because i believe i am , despite knowing i eat meat , or will you stick to the actual meaning of vegetarian and deny me that claim ? 
  care to point out any of them that openly embraces alcohol consumption of all forms ? 
  they ' r not exactly muslims then are they ? 
  `` the serbs , bulgarians and turks are fighting each other within the artificial colonial state they were put by the british . 
  better keep a strong dictatorship in istanbul to keep the masses in check and the country stable . '', 
  would that sound nice to you ? 
  people were put in artificial colonial states by the french and british in the region there , with borders drawn precisely with the purpose of creating ethno-religious tension and clashes , so they would be easier to control . 
  particurarly by favouring a smaller faction , like the awalites in syria or sunni arabs in iraq , which has to relly on support of the colonial power to remain on top . 
  the issues we see in these countries will never dissapear as long as they exist in these borders , because they were designed to create them . 
  it 's just so easy for someone like you , who already has a nation-state of his own , to just say `` these people are animals , they need `` a strong hand '' to keep them in line '' . 
  same thing was said about our people in the balkans during the ottoman empire by the westerners . 
  the great powers chose more than once to keep the empire on life support whilst the people were rising from the inside , with the same arguments people like you come up with today for assad . 
  i ' v personally seen issues of encyclopaedia britannica describing hristo botev as a terrorist . 
  same as your type describe every single rebel against assad 's `` legitimate '' dictatorship . 
  it 's so easy for you to just say these people have to forever live under these conditions , instead of supporting a constructive long-term solution . 
  the same that the balkans got after the ottomans and yugoslavia , in order for us to no longer slaugther eachother like we used to not that long ago . 
  nation states . 
  syria should not exist . 
  iraq should not . 
  a state of shia arabs from iraq . 
  a state of kurds from iraq and syria . 
  a state of sunni arabs from iraq and syria . 
  let each of them take their future in their hand rather than each group trying to install a dictatorship of its own over the rest , so as to survive another group 's dictatorship . 
  just keeping them in the same states under perpetual dictatorship `` for the sake of stability '' is non-feasable , non-sustainable and definitely not moral . 
  who would like them ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if you did n't want to discuss the matter but just jerk around why reply to me in the first place ? 
  you have n't read the ot - jesus refutes it with almost all he says . 
  stopping the lawful stoning of a whore is doing it . 
  telling people not to hate or harm their enemies is doing it . 
  and even in direct text he does it a few times : `` you have heard ( in the torah ) that it was said , ` an eye for an eye , and a tooth for a tooth . ', 
  39 `` but i say to you , do not resist an evil person ; but whoever slaps you on your right cheek , turn the other to him also . 
  40 `` if anyone wants to sue you and take your shirt , let him have your coat also . ... '' matthew 5:39, 
  i ' v been to kushadasa , istanbul and antalia plenty of times , i know all about it . 
  people who pretend to be part of a religion not following its rules does n't in any way change the nature of that religion . 
  islam is very direct , very well structured and very explicit about its messages , unlike most others religions . 
  the wahabis in sa and the islamic state pretty much follow the most correct , pure form of islam the way mohammed and his early followers did . 
  mohammed himself married a 9 year old , as yemeni and saudi men sometimes legally do , yet it 's illegal in turkey entirely due to its westernisation and adoption of european humanism . 
  so i am sorry , but you ca n't point at yourself and show how `` muslims are '' - you are n't muslims in action , just in name . 
  men who do what mohammed did - marry children , behead infidels , wage holy war - those are the muslims by acton and they are closest to this in saudi ar . 
  and islamic state . 
  oh s top bullshitting us we can see your posts , they do n't dissapear after you decide you want to change your tone :  so you family was like this so everyone is like this . 
  nice forcing xenophobia onto poles . 
  but of course , he had to drop barrel bombs onto his largest cities until they are complete rubble `` to keep the situation under control '' . 
  him murdering the peaceful protesters at the very beginning is what lost control of the country and kicked off the whole civil war in the first place . 
  same thing his father did in the 80s . 
  stop excusing mass murdering , power-hungry pieces of shit . 
  and now you ' r the one taking a single example from a religious community and putting it up as the rule . 
  alcohol offends allah , and its prohibition is therefore most certainly part of `` muslim culture '' , as u/wwojtek claimed and you tried refuting him by saying it 's actually just a vague example from a single muslim community . 
  literary the entire new testament refutes any and all violence and murder . 
  it 's the core of the entire philosophy of christ . 
  him saying `` do n't judge lest ye be judged '' . 
  him defending mary magadalene from stoning ( as she should be stoned according to the old testament ) saying `` let the one without a sin throw the first stone '' . 
  him claiming you are to `` love thy enemy '' and `` turn the other cheek '' - with the last him saying as a direct refute of the old testament 's `` an eye for an eye '' . 
  he actually even quotes the ot and then says `` but i give you a new law '' . 
  him forbidding his apostols to arm themsleves and fight the romans when they come to take him in the garden , or forgiving his own torturers and executioners . 
  i mean , the new testament is basically an almost mind-numbing hippie repettition of what could be the premise of a book `` peace and forgiveness for dummies '' ... but you ca n't see how it refutes murdering in cold blood homosexuals . 
  but now you make a comparrison `` most muslims - wahabism '' , which is n't what he made . 
  he used `` christian culture '' , not most christians , to compare to mormons , so the proper comparrison is `` islamic culture '' and wahabism . 
  and islamic culture most certainly has provisions for people to be physically punished for offending allah , which drinking alcohol is .
