  you can either disspute this claim on their dogma , or accept it . 
  not turn this into an argument for or against the actual dogma , which i have neither expressed a personal opinion on , nor a desire to argue . 
   people who are against abortion usually care for the child only while it 's inside the woman . 
  when it 's out and crying and you need tons of money to support teh child , no one is there to support . 
  please do n't use arguments tailored against the us repiblicans ( by george carlin in this instance ) against the catholic church . 
  not only is the catholic church a main proponent of social help and benefits of all sorts that aid mothers , children , orphans etc. , but themsleves operate circa 5000 orphanages , soup kitchens , homeless shelters etc. 
  around the world . 
  completely nothing to do with the republicans who lobby against social help and welfare whilst opposing abortion , to whom the argument you just plagiarized was meant for . 
   especially not the church . 
  that 's hillarious . 
  the catholic church is the worlds largest charity organisation and the main advocate for wellfare and social help around the world . 
  biggest advocate of the rights of refugees and displaced people , as well as prisoners . 
   at least they could change the stance when it comes to women who were raped or a pregnancy is dangerous for woman . 
  ( like the one in ireland who died because of sepsa , because the doctors and the state did n't perfom the abortion . ), 
  they ca n't change it because their stance is that abortion is murder . 
  you ca n't justify the murder of a child because his mother was raped according to that stance . 
  they 'd need to change the entire stance of abortion = murder , and that would mean just accepting it overal . 
  a partial change to just this or that case is therefore impossible - it will be either full or none , depending on the equation of abortion = murder within their dogma . 
   you were alone in the second balkan war only reason we did n't decimate the backstabbing romanian armies like we [ did ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_turtucaia ) 3 years later in the first world war . 
  it does . 
  for the foreseeable future we 'll still be buying gas from them . 
  better do it at the lowest possible price . 
  in education it seems all balkan eu countries are above turkey ( and greece ) . 
  the average student might pay up to 400 euros a month and still have to share a bathroom . 
  including in norway , where i have family and know first hand . 
  yet a prisoner pays nothing , he takes from society , yet is given what a law-abiding , and often working/tax-paying , student does n't have . 
  why ? 
  should they change their stance on abortion ? 
  is n't that the basic pre-requisition for pardoning any sin within the catholic church ? 
  why point it out ? 
  i do n't claim they do , i claim their material conditions are better than mine despite me paying for it and them not . 
  why should prisoners have material conditions * above * the average for the country ? 
  why are n't just regular conditions , at the very least corresponding with what students get enough ? 
  they will still rehabilitate them just as much ? 
  do they need to be pampered with above-average living conditions to learn to behave like human beings ? 
  and is n't it unjust to use the tax money of people with average living conditions to put others in above-average ones ? 
  i worked in the uk and paid taxes whilst sharing a bath with room-mates , how is it justified to use my taxes to put others in material conditions better than those of the ones paying for them ? 
  because it 's about time someone did something one way or another . 
  even if it is n't the way we would ideally want to . 
  `` ideally '' is n't an option any longer . 
  nothing - not a dictatorial regime under assad , nor even a horrendeus isis shariah , would destroy the country and kill as many as a continuous civil war . 
  it just has to end . 
  you do n't seem to have the willingness to end it with assad removed , so why not russia end it with him there ? 
  it 's not the type of ending we 'd like , but it 's an end - and at this point that matters more . 
  you ca n't both stay away from resolving the conflict * and * demand others do that too . 
  so it continues indeffinitely until there 's nothing left there but rubble . 
  i was a student in the uk and then in belgium for 5 years . 
  paid a lot of money for uk university and for accomodation in both countries and did n't have a private bathroom . 
  i know the whole `` rehabilitation '' reasoning for the good conditions in prisons , but can someone please explain to me how is it justified for prisoners to have not just `` good '' conditions , but actually better ones than those obeying the law and paying lots of money ? 
  how is not just getting ridiculous at this point that a rapist is given a private bathroom and yet 400eur a month in brussels only gets me a tiny room and a bathroom i share with 4 people ? 
  same with most regions on earth . 
  same with ethnicly greek/armenian/slav anatolia before the turks arrived and the population exchanges less than 100 years ago . 
  so what ? 
  it 's now that matters . 
  now no one disputes istanbul or bursa region as turkish because turks live there , so why would anyone dispute armenian nagorno when armenians live there ? 
  i 'm a lot of nationalities at the same time and speak a lot of languages . 
  in this thread i choose to be a bulgarian so please address me as such . 
  what was described as `` russia 's troyan horse into the eu '' by russia 's ambassador to brussels , and a country still deeply under teh control of moscow-backed oligarchs . 
  a country at the external border of the eu and strongly pressured by moscow to give way for the south stream pipeline that will further make it reliant on russian gas ? 
  i think there 's plenty of strategic importance for nato and the eu to stress on bulgaria as a battlefield against moscow 's sphere of influence . 
  i swear there is n't a thread about russia or the us this kremlin dick-sucker does n't comment under with some russiatoday bullshit . 
  it is n't , because their economies are already diversified and do n't collapse from the fall of the global price of a single comodity . 
  as well as the fact they spend a significantly smaller percentage of their gdp on the military than russia . 
  would write more to you if i did n't already know you ' r one of the hardline russophiles i ' v seen repeat the dumbest of kremlin propaganda in other threads , thus making any objective discussion on this issue impossible . 
  go watch some alfa-ataka or read a peevski owned journal . 
  i just imagine the russian forces arriving at the georgian border only to see the georgian troops smiling there waving copies of their nato agreement in the air and article 5 printed all over their equipment and uniforms . 
  i know , it was a joke obviously . 
  i hope they produce a ton of those . 
  jets are usually immensely expensive and the more money they waste on military equipment rather than developing a sustainable and diversified economy - the weaker they will be in the future . 
  it was overspending on military that pushed the ussr over , it could be the same for putinistan . 
  i think it shows the risk of * lack * of enough water - something you guys have n't even dreamt of . 
  i 'm glad to hear that . 
  despite bulgaria benefiting from businesses leaving greece for bulgaria and greeks moving to work here , the crisis there was seriously hurting the eu and the unity of the continent , playing into the divisive plans of ... ehm ... * some * other states . 
  so i 'd be glad to see growth return to our southern neighbour . 
  so how about preparing the joining documents , putting all officials on a table with their pens in hand , then sending the georgian army to swiftly occupy the regions overnight and have the joining documents signed before the russian army can react and move into the regions to secure them . 
  it would then be an attack on a nato state , right ? 
  the life of `` human persons '' is still more valuable than that of `` non-human persons '' , and for the feroese whales truly * are * a vital sources of food . 
  ( importing all of it would practically bankrupt them ), 
  i have a legal/theoretical question . 
  if georgia joins nato , whilst having two breakaway regions , is nato obliged to restore the officially recognised territorial sovereignity of its member ? 
  or can georgia at least ask such help ? 
  from what i ' v read 350,000 algerian arab royalists moved . 
  a minority from the overal algerians who went to france , despite calling it `` their opressor '' . 
  people not getting the title is meant to reference all eu countries as nothing more than bundeslaender of germany . 
  or stunned . 
  nope , neither him nor you said that . 
  he said `` another clueless western european teaching me and the us about security '' - meaning he 's met a lot of clueless western europeans doing that before . 
  not that all westerners are clueless . 
  same as saying `` another serbian putin supporter '' , meaning you ' v met such before , not that all serbs are such by default . 
  you on the other hand replied with `` an eastern european is hardly more clued up than a western one '' - meaning westerners and easterners in general , as populace . 
  and you know it so stop playing stupid and wasting both of our times . 
  oh ok then , i thought you were saying easterners know less about their own region in particular . 
  turns out you mean we know less about the entire subjects of military and defence . 
  that we ' r just dumber it seems overall on these subjects . 
  that 's far better . 
  but somewhat difficult for me to believe when i spent 4 years in the uk and met a generally ignorant public about anything that was n't connected to reality tv or `` getting smashed '' . 
  other eastern europeans at my uni seemed far more interested and knowledgeable in all geo-politics related issues than the locals . 
  but i guess you know better , having lived also at least 4 years in eastern europe ? 
  it 's horrible what he went through but i got ta be honest his little smirk as he 's saying `` now comes the third one '' and then it hits him made it somewhat comical . 
  like something you 'd see in a cartoon .
