  it definitely is . 
  in its original form that is - classical european liberalism . 
  the values of individualism , personal freedom and responsibility , human and civic rights etc. 
  i totally agree . 
  when used currently by highly regressive , authoritarian far-leftists it is quite often the opposite of progressive , so it all depends on what your definition of it is . 
  it does n't say that anywhere in the article , please show me the citation . 
  it says the first accounts of the goths are that they were settled on the east bank of the vistula , after which moved together with the great migration . 
  meaning they were one of many people who passed that region , something no one disputes . 
  but there are no accounts or archeological findings of the city of gdansk being founded by them or anyone else for that matter before the 10th century . 
  there are zero archeological datings in the entire city before that era , and it was quite thoroughly mapped by archeologists after being razed in ww2 . 
  please show me any direct citation from a source claiming there is any continuous settlement in gdansk existing prior to the oldest traces from the 10th century , even more so such a city existing all the way back to the 2nd century goths who temporarily resided there and are not , in fact , know for building any cities but instead living in small temporary settlements and villages . 
  pathetic obvious butthurt from you disliking of what he values . 
  had he been a californian praising how `` progressive '' and multicultural some european city was , just like his home san francisco , you would n't write that but most likely an accepting comment . 
  a person should be able to burn his own property . 
  if i buy a poppy or koran i am not burning `` the kuran '' or `` the poppy '' , i am burning ** my ** fucking kuran or poppy , my own property for which i have paid and with which i can do whatever i wish . 
  no one has the right to prosecute me for damaging my own property in this manner and in this case . 
  the oldest remains in the city come from between the 10th and the 13th century , please give a source of your extraoridnary claim : `` the first written record thought to refer to gda\u0144sk is the vita of saint adalbert . 
  written in 999 , it describes how in 997 saint adalbert of prague baptised the inhabitants of urbs gyddannyzc , `` which separated the great realm of the duke [ i.e. 
  boleslaw the brave of poland ] from the sea . 
  '' [ 12 ] no further written sources exist for the 10th and 11th centuries . 
  [ 12 ] based on the date in adalbert 's vita , the city celebrated its millennial anniversary in 1997 . 
  [ 13 ] archaeological evidence for the origins of the town was retrieved mostly after world war ii had laid 90 percent of the city center in ruins , enabling excavations . 
  [ 14 ] the oldest seventeen settlement levels were dated to between 980 and 1308 . 
  [ 13 ] it is generally thought that mieszko i of poland erected a stronghold on the site in the 980s , thereby connecting the polish state ruled by the piast dynasty with the trade routes of the baltic sea . 
  [ 15 ] traces of buildings and housing from 10th century have been found in archaeological excavations of the city [ 16 ] . '', 
  you make it sound like it was german all the way until 1945 and only then `` changed hands '' . 
  it was a polish city from the start , founded by poles , named by such gdansk long before danzig was ever fist spoken , and inhabited by them for centuries . 
  it was many hundreds of years later that it got its german majority and even then continued to have a strong minority of its original inhabitants . 
  in 1945 it * returned * its polish character and belonging , not merely got a new one like you make it sound . 
  it is highly self-contradictory to make accusations like the one you just did by spewing a tirade of personal offences and attacks to someone who has n't written anything about you personally or been vulgar/aggressive in any way . 
  have a lovely evening . 
  some people go on internet forums to engage in discussions on various topics , rather than shitpost , troll or just screw around with one liners and `` zingers '' . 
  feel free to be the second kind , i ca n't force anyone to engage in debate if they are unwilling to . 
  but i can express my views on a given topic , including as a reply to your or anyone else 's comment . 
  accept it as me highjacking your comment to paste a wall of text if you want , it changes nothing . 
  i do n't , i 'm polish and we rank in the top 10 safest countries in the world with zero terrorism because we take our migrants from ukraine , russia and other christian countries as opposed to muslim ones . 
   it 's a pretty safe bet for every society that taking muslims will result in problems and banning them , not . 
  by latest results the torries received 13,616,601 votes and labour 12,858,652 , making my statement entirely correct and your attempt at disproving something i write hilariously wrong for the second time . 
  it 's not a good day for you is it ? 
  the 5th biggest economy in the world needs a state bureaucracy to organize the education and healthcare of everyone ? 
  are you helpless children ? 
  why are you using personal insults ? 
  lol i love how that shut you right up :d, 
  i made only one , single comment here , before you came to disprove it - that i live 10 times better than my parents . 
  you tried refuting it by saying it 's because of technological progress . 
  when i told you how i live better in non-technological ways than them , you decided you lack the maturity to admit you were wrong and instead are going to try and drag me into a general discussion of capitalism all over the world and in society . 
  it 's pathetic you would think this would work as strategy . 
  next time do n't make arguments you are unable to defend . 
  my original statement stands - i do live much better than my parents for reasons entirely disconnected from technology . 
  i do enjoy things only capitalism can give me , like developing my private business . 
  you can either keep trying to refute these claims of mine , or apologize and leave . 
  because the pathetic attempts to wiggle your way out of them by reshaping this discussion into a general one on all of society , all of the world and all other people - simply wo n't work mate . 
  good try though , better luck next time . 
  i live in sofia , a city where a substantial portion of the bulgarian population resides , and can tell you with certainty that the vast majority lives much , much better than during socialism . 
  the fact that up to 1 million bulgarians flood the greek resorts every single summer alone is a testament enough . 
   if people thought may and the conservatives were bad , they have n't seen anything yet obviously they did n't if they elected them first political party ? 
  you lost the argument that my personal life is better 10 times over from that of my parents only based on technological progress , as opposed to purely structural , political and economic advantages of capitalism over marxism , so now desperately try to wiggle your way out into a general discussion of the two systems or focus on the lives of those on the margins of society . 
  did i say , and you disagree , that there are no homeless people today - or that i , personally , live 10 times better than my parents ? 
  if you ca n't defend an argument you make , do n't make it . 
  not everyone is stupid enough to allow you to wiggle your way out into other arguments afterwards . 
  no one is starving in my country . 
  in fact , our calorie intake per person has more than doubled on average in the past 25 years of capitalism . 
  i live better because i am free to walk the streets of my own city with zero fear of the `` militia '' telling me how to dress or where to go . 
  i can stay in the park till late with a can of beer and a bunch of friends singing and laughing , whereas my parents lived in a society where this was strictly forbidden and punished as anti-social . 
  i am free to travel and have already done most of europe and part of asia ( turkey ) , whilst my parents could barely go to the ussr a few times and with huge loops and documents/restrictions from the authorities . 
  i can work whatever i want and have gone from hr , to financial auditing to programming java at the moment and trying to freelance/have my own business . 
  my parents could only work what the government decided the planned economy would develop , and were entirely forbidden from private business . 
  i can truly go on for quite some time comparing all the entirely devout of technological progress things that make my life in a capitalist , democratic society 10 times better than life in the planned economy of an oppressive , marxist one . 
  i called the potential labour pm - corbyn , a terrorist sympatizer , which he openly is having declared hamas and hezbollah [ `` friends '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/jul/04/jeremy-corbyn-says-he-regrets-calling-hamas-and-hezbollah-friends ) after many decades of supporting their hatred of israel , going as far as having tried to remove hamas in particular from the official list of terrorist organisations . 
  you must either be delusional about marxism or entirely ignorant of it to not recognize it in the goals of labour 's current manifesto with proposals for nationalization and extensive wealth redistribution , completely free public programmes like higher education , or a continuing intentional erosion of the ethnic nation through support for mass migration , especially of non-europeans into the country . 
  the labour manifesto was public , but i suppose you could call it a propaganda machine in a way . 
  thank communism for its own collapse and all directly resulting damage to society , not capitalism . 
  unironically . 
  i live 10 times better than my parents at my age thanks to capitalism . 
  why ? 
  have you taken any to your home ? 
  the leftist have a different idea of rights than the classical european philosphers . 
  whereas the latter consider a right * from * something , eg . 
  persecution , oppression etc. , as well as a right * to pursue * something - eg . 
  your own home , food , material goods etc. , the left have redefined rights to include simply a right * to be given * something by the rest of society . 
  so basically turning the concept from `` rights '' into `` entitlements '' . 
  you are no longer allowed by your rights to freely pursue a career and then freely purchase whatever service or good you want - instead you are entitled to receive said service or good from someone else , should you fulfill criteria those same leftists have decided on . 
  it 's basically `` from each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs '' , so pure marxism creeping into society under the disguise of `` welfare '' or `` social programs '' . 
  stop implying that islamic violence is caused by reciprocal violence towards muslims . 
  that 's a preposterous lie and a myth aimed at absolving islam and the muslim communities worldwide of the fact they are by far the group most engaged in religious-based violence , terrorism and sectarianism on the planet right now . 
  if even countries like sweden , which are the most peaceful , pacifist and orderly on the planet , and whose societies bend over backwards to ridiculously appease immigrants and especially muslims , can still get hit with islamic terrorism , then the problem is obviously with the muslims . 
  as , by the way , muslim reformists [ keep saying themsleves ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=isek2alt3c8 ) and are being persecuted or routinelly [ murdered for it ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/07/secular-activist-who-criticised-islamism-hacked-to-death-in-bangladesh ) in muslim-majority countries , where you ca n't claim the muslims are persecuted/discriminated against by their own majority . 
  then improve the conditions inside those farms , rather than closing them . 
  mate i answered with a joke , where do you see me getting riled up ? 
  and what values do the muslim communities in europe represent , when every single major poll shows them with insanely large acceptance of things such as death for apostates , criminalizing homosexuality , support for blasphemy laws etc. 
  you contradict yourself . 
  if values is what you think make you european or american , then the people here saying muslims in europe make it less european are absolutely right , as it is an undenibale statistical fact their recently created communities reject core european values eagerly and in staggering numbers , especially with newer generations born on the continent . 
  should i seek a safe-space for my views where they are universally welcomed and never challenged ? 
  what am i , a socialist ? 
  too bad the marxist did n't win a majority !, 
  i soo much wanted to see free everything , nationalisation and more migrants turn britain into the socialist paradise we are certain can be achieved if only * the true socialists ^ tm * come to power !, 
  aww what a missed opportunity to have free everything , nationalisation and more immigrants !, 
  what a bunch of morons the british are for not voting a marxist terrorist sympathizer as pm . 
  i have n't remvoed a single post here , show the [ deleted ] sign of any , at all , that i have removed . 
  this is now devulging into lies just because you ca n't face the hypocrisy of your position here .
