  the northerners look down on the south , hence equating it to countries that are poor/underdevelopped . 
  from 2004 to 2012 an average of 200,000 migrants arrived in france every year . 
  of those , 30 % are from africa , 25 % from asia . 
  of course not all of these are muslim , especially those from africa have a significant christian proportion and those from asia - east asian , but the majority in both these groups are muslim . 
  that means somewhere around ~ 45 % of immigrants each year , or above 110,000 muslims annually . 
  in france alone . 
  i do not understand why you continue to talk about the refugee wave , when what i clearly specified is the problem is the wave of muslim migrants , mostly legal , which has come over europe in the past 40 years , and already threatens to break the 10 % of population in one of the largest countries - france . 
  this is the threat , to both europe and the refugees , who are being lumped together with them and suffer the backlash europeans have accumulated towards the overall muslim migration . 
  taking refugees is n't the problem europe is facing . 
  they are few in number . 
  taking migrants by hte millions is . 
  and because of that people end up turning against the refugees too . 
  the mass migration of muslims towards europe is hurting the refugees themselves and making the continent less prone to helping such in the future . 
  having an immigration quote and selecting only societies whose people most easily assimilate ( not just integrate ) into europe is not collective punishment , it 's sanity . 
  muslim countries should be at the bottom of europe 's migration quotas , and yet they are the top . 
  that is your subjective , personal opinion from the point of view of someone who is n't in that situation . 
  furthermore , no one said every single cause people take or should take is for the betterment of humanity . 
  i bet you personally have a whole lot of goals that i can easily dismiss as not worthwile for the betterment of humanity , but to you personally , in your own world and microasm they are . 
  same with the people who lived in the world shown above . 
  to them this was an important cause . 
  nope , no hypocrisy . 
  this was made in 1912 , at this point the white people living in australia were both the majority , and had been such for a few generations . 
  none of them had come with the first settlers , none of them had ever lived there as a minority . 
  they were born the majority , they wanted to preserve that . 
  the most natural thing in the world . 
  unless you believe descendands should be punished for the crimes of their ancestors . 
   if one of your big worries never said it 's a big worry . 
   is that people of another skin color than your own live in the same country as you never said anything about people of different color living in my country . 
  it was a very clear statement - that it 's normal to want to belong to whatever demographic majority is in your society . 
  could be cultural , racial , religious , etc. 
  there could be millions of people wtih other race , religion or culture in the given country and you still belonging to the demographic majority . 
  you failed to think of any arguments why it is n't normal to want to belong to the majority , so you decided to change my statement to `` having people of different color in your country '' . 
  which is kinda pathetic . 
  try again . 
   have you ever been somewhere where people are visibly very different to you but speak the same language ? 
  for example in johannesburg , i was of course part of the minority , but everyone speaks english ( or at least can speak english ) , and it did n't feel at all uncomfortable to me . 
  in the gypsie neighbourhoods in bulgaria . 
  i feel this is another question that does n't seem to address what i wrote . 
  yes , you * can * feel comfortable as a minority . 
  does n't mean you have no right to prefer being the majority . 
  and being open about that preference is extremely normal and natural , not a horrible racist xenophobic nazi flaw to fear and be ashamed of . 
  also , giving south africa as this example is quite bad . 
  ever since the white minority lost control there has been a genocide against white farmers and a pretty blatant discrimination against the rest going on . 
  the european commission actually had a statement about allowing `` white refugees '' into europe from south africa , that 's how bad it has gotten for them precisely for being a racial minority . 
  it is . 
  what kind of socks do you like ? 
  honestly , are you retarded ? 
  i am being serious , do not mean offence . 
  people learn foreign languages , do you know this fact ? 
  i grew up in sofia and studied at a german school for my second foreign language , a private english school for my english and separately at the polish school in the polish embassy for my father 's language . 
  exactly what do you not understand about foreign schools existing around the world ? 
  you do n't seem to grasp the simple concept that 100 years ago , when the above poster was made , race almost unoquivacally equalled a different cultural group . 
  even today it does so for most societies who are not multi-racial , let alone for back then . 
  so in effect that 's precisely what they were sayin - we want `` white '' people - i.e. 
  of european culture , vs. `` yellow '' people - i.e. 
  of asian cultures . 
  of course i might be , and i might not be , entirely depending on what definition of `` racist '' we are using . 
  various definitions used today might apply from 1 % to 99 % of the population , and from highly negative to entirely normal . 
  people like you have used the term so much and so broadly it carries close to no specific meaning anymore . 
  to learn better german language . 
  are you handicapped ? 
  why are you asking such obvious questions ? 
  that 's precisely what the guy above meant . 
  why ca n't people in a country be honest about wanting to remain the demographic majority by favouring immigrants of the same race , ethnicity or culture ? 
  it 's one of the most natural feelings in humanity to prefer surrounding yourself with people who share the most innate traits with you as possible , yet today we pretend we `` totally do n't feel like that '' . 
   was n't pilsudiski good ? 
  the shit we got in eastern europe was far , far better than actual marxist communism . 
  there still were at least * some * basic rights to property , privacy and family in these countries . 
  actual marxist communism is the utter perversion of human rights and justice - it takes away any right to an individual path in life , to rewards for one 's success or punishment for his failures , to privacy , independence or the right to raise your own children . 
  full blown marxist society is arguably the worst organization we ' v ever come up with . 
  no private property or capital , everyone receives only as much as they need , but give as much as they can . 
  ( from each according to his ability , to each according to his need ) basically , an increadinly hard-working , ambitious and intelligent heart surgeon of 29 years , male , 80kg , receives as much as a lazy , stupid alcoholic janitor , because he is also 29 years , male , 80kg . 
  ( hence they both have equal `` needs '' to survive - should receive only accoring to their needs ) to give the heat surgeon much , much more ( as he deserves ) would be countrary to the heart of marxist ideology as it creates inequality and accumulates capital in one person . 
  so , no , marxism is n't `` an interresting idea '' , it 's a disgusting one . 
  he 's doing what tens of thousands of people within this institution are doing on a daily basis in over 6000 catholic missions around the world , helping literaly millions in need , yet people will say `` i do n't like the institution , but this one guy doing the exact same thing the institution is doing ... i like him ! '', 
  suggesting racial minorities `` are the most beautiful '' in a society sounds kinda racist to me . 
  one 's skin colour does have to do with one 's ethnicity though . 
  some people believe ethnic groups should shape a nation , rather than merely borders or state control/citizenship . 
  hence the disparity in all the comments here . 
  for a country of over 95 % white people ? 
  on a continent of over 99 % white people ? 
  be honest whether it would seem out of place or completely normal if nigeria 's miss contest had 3/5 east asian contestants ? 
  and would it be racist if people were wondering where this strange disparity comes from ? 
  is n't that a racist statement ? 
  what are `` democracy traits '' ? 
  plenty of these extremely regressive , oppressive men in muslim countries do n't give a rat 's ass about religion , happily drink , cheat , eat pork etc. 
  a culture of regressiveness absolutely can exist without religion . 
  check out the soviet union or our countries during the cold war . 
  people were actively forbidden to go to church here in bulgaria and society was even more regressive than before 1944 , when everyone went to church . 
  correct me if i am wrong , but i get the feeling from your continuous use of the word `` country '' :  i mean i have no problem with my country doing it . 
   economies are more open  generally ends with me insisting countries can be open and positive without destroying themselves that we might be talking of two different things and therefore failing to find a common ground . 
  you identify with your `` country '' - an administrative construction on a piece of land which has an economy , `` a population '' of citizens , army etc. 
  you look at this inanimate object of geo-politics and consider whether immigration would be good or bad for it . 
  naturally , you see it as a good thing , because immigrants bring more workers and tax payers , a younger demographic etc. 
  and i agree wtih this . 
  however , me and the other people you were talking to and finding no common ground do not take this inanimate geo-political object called `` the country '' or `` the state '' as our identity . 
  we take the ethno-cultural group we belong to for that . 
  in my case that is the ethnic bulgarians - a group of people which was created from the merger of various tribes , bulgars , slavs , thracians etc. , plus the adoption of christianity which shaped it culturally , and then the creation of the cyrillic alphabet and 3 states called bulgaria . 
  by identifying with that group i see world events through the prism of how they will affect * it * , not just the inanimate `` state '' they live in . 
  yes , for `` the state '' the arrival of 5 million african people for example would be great - it would increase the state 's population , workers , taxpayers , soldiers etc.
