  people do n't oppose communism because they think it was fully achieved in places like the ussr and they do n't like it . 
  they oppose it because they believe it is a utopia that can never be achived precisely because every single time it devolves into a bloody dictatorship . 
  and to deny that all those millions of people who tried to implement communism but failed across europe , asia , africa and south america `` were not real communist - only i am !, 
  '' , is deluded and stupid . 
  they were , in their vast majority , real , honest , communist wishing the same things you do . 
  but as soon as they got to power they were either shot by more ruthless ones , or they themselves becase rutheless murderous . 
  every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  in dozens of societies , across different continents , different circumances - * always the same result * . 
  so after all of this to still believe only * you * know how to do it , only * you * can bring that utopia of communism to fruition if only you could possibly get to power , is in fact a dangerous delusion that all the rest of us should fight against instead we again experience the utter destruction and suffering yet another attempt at communism brings . 
  like every . 
  single . 
  time . 
  before . 
  your entire post is a brilliant case of what circumstantial evidence is and how not to formulate arguments . 
  when discussing entire societies giving separate examples is ridiculous . 
  it holds zero value as an argument . 
  i suggest consulting any poll on the average common knowledge , education and intelligence within societies to see if people who can afford to spend time pursuing intellectual endeavours and education ... actually end up more intelligent and educated than those who ca n't . 
  it 's a simple logic there , yet for some ideological and emotional reason you seem unable to accept it . 
  as someone who graduated history i ca n't find you position anything but despicable and frankly , stupid . 
  history should be remembered , in as much detail as possible , and the bad even more so than the good . 
  of course we should know and rep\u0435at the life of hitler so as to be able to recognise when people like him come up . 
  if he is personally forgotten , he might be repeated . 
  hence your position is quite moronic . 
   because the sooner he 's forgotten ------------  they should n't be forgotten you are contradicting yourself . 
  we should n't `` even mention his name '' , but we should also remember him . 
  how ? 
  like harry potter - talk of voldemort only by description , never name ? 
  to call the dozens of regimes and thousands of pary members , functionaries and leaders all over the world by the name they all used and ideology they all openly defended - communist , marxist or bolshevik , is not a lie , it 's the historical reality . 
  to be a deluded modern day communist who thinks only he knows what `` true communism '' is and all those in the past century were imposters , is closer to being a bot . 
  source ? 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mary,_mother_of_jesus#catholic_mariology ) and every other source i quickly googled says 12 . 
  ahh yes , the inevitable `` not true communists '' line . 
  pure r/fullcommunism i am sure if * you * had been put in charge * you * alone would know what real communism is and how to implement it . 
  all those dozens of countries and regimes were just people who did n't know it as well as you . 
  yeah i agreed with that and did n't ask why `` fuck him '' , i asked why i should n't `` even mention his name '' . 
   why do n't you just call them `` cucks '' ? 
  the fuck does sexual relations have to do with what we are talking of ? 
   have you guys finally realized that nobody takes you serious with that language ? 
  what guys and what language ? 
  you listed the radical right wing people , i listed the radical left wing people , and now suddenly you start attacking me for some reason . 
  what did i miss here ? 
   i 'd consider myself part of the movement to rationalize immigration and accept refugees and most of the people i know would too . 
  not a one of them is any of those things . 
  so it means radical left wingers , anarcho-communists , marxists etc do not exist ? 
  i did the same you did - mentioned that radicals on the left side exist , but not all are such . 
  you suddenly flip out for some reason . 
  why is it fine for you to write that there are radical right-wing racists attacking immigration , but i ca n't write there are radical left-wing people defending it ? 
  when i have personally seen and argued with these people in my studies ? 
  your sudden emotional response reeks of hypocrisy and unwillingness to accept there are radicals on your side as well , just because you and your friends are n't like them . 
  that 's like me denying there are racists or nazis on the right , just because me and my friends are n't like that . 
  and getting super butthurt when someone suggest there actually are . 
  first of all , your very initial idea that i should somehow calibrate my views or conclusion of the world based on my nationality is quite stupid , and as i said above - the pinnacle of chauvinism . 
  not sure why you assume you would do that , if the average iq in bulgaria was 70 i 'd have no trouble accepting that . 
  second of all , you seem to misunderstand what people are writing to you here . 
  there is a correlation within each society between higher income and levels of education , acces to information or further pursuit of intellectual endevours . 
  it is an absolute rule . 
  no society at the moment exists where the poor people are more educated , better informed about the world or spend more time on intellectual pursuits than the upper middle class or upper classes . 
  i 'd like an example of where such a society exists if you disagree . 
  hence you attempt at a counter argument comparing two separate societies is pointless . 
  the factor that infeluneces how smart and educated a person is is his access to education and information within his own society . 
  in a country of average $ 20k gdp per capita you can do it with a salary of , say , 1000 $ as much as in a country of $ 50k gdp per capita you can do it with no less than 5000 $ salary . 
  nominally , one is 5 times richer than the other on a global scale , but within each society they can be on the same social position and be able to afford , within the given country , the same level of education , number of books to buy or amount of free time to pursuit intellectual endevours . 
  yet both of them will , inevitably , be part of a social class that has * on average * a higher level of education and knowledge than the lower classes within each of their respective societies . 
   do n't even mention his name why ? 
  a comparison between the two is not what i meant . 
  morality and ethics are not a competition of `` who is worst '' . 
  if one nation celebrates a genocidal and criminal regime that invaded other countries , then it makes sense for one of those invaded nations to answer this offence by celebrating another such regime , particurarly one that invaded the first nation . 
  it fits into people 's natural perspective of `` justice '' . 
  the russians celebrate openly and proudly a regime that invaded the baltics . 
  so the baltics celebrate a regime that invaded russia . 
  how much worse one of these regimes was from the other is irrelevant to the point of justice here , as well as because both qualify as genocidal , criminal and aggressive , so none of the two groups celebrating - be it the balts or the russians , can claim a moral right or be outraged over the other . 
  say , i celebrate the fact your country was stricken with smallpox . 
  you answer by celebrating that mine was stricken with bubonic plague . 
  then i get outraged at you , because bubonic plague kills so much more than smallpox . 
  that 's the case here . 
  in reality we would both be despicable because we celebrate death and the destruction of nations . 
  for either one of us to be outraged at the other is hypocritical . 
  the balts are wrong here , but the russians still are hypocritical as they celebrate the bolsheviks . 
  except that the german economy was very quickly improving in the 2 years prior to him becoming a chancellor and as a result the people voting for the nsdap were falling in number rapidly , with the 1933 election seeing a decline in their votes than previously . 
  meaning , hitler `` caught the last train '' to become chancellor and impose a dictatorship . 
  ( which , btw , the people did n't vote for ) had he not done that ( because , for example , was n't born ) the german economy would continue to improve as rapidly as it did in the last two years of the weimar republic , people 's lives would gradually normalize , and revanchism in germany from versailles would be nothing different from the revanchism in hungary of trianon . 
  surely something that exists , but not something that will throw the nation into war . 
  is your personal insult towards me meant to convey the message that if i come from a country of lower income then it is my duty to deny the realities of life that do n't suit me or show my nation in a good light ? 
  that 's chauvinism and blind nationalism in its purest form . 
  reading books does n't increase your natural iq , but it certainly is pivotal to getting educated of your surrounding world , politics , history , sociology and all other matters that make a person `` smart '' in the colloquial sense this is used . 
  ( more suiting , `` educated/informed '' ), 
   ah yes , because poor people are dumb . 
  generally , yes . 
  you 've a problem with that reality ? 
  is n't that a result of the occupation of the baltics by the soviets prior to that and the fact many of their fighters for independence joined the wehrmacht to fight the ussr ? 
  also , how is that different from some countries celebrating openly with parades every year the legacy and army of the bolsheviks ? 
   it is , however , ridiculous to claim that the movement to control immigration and stigmatize refugees is not heavily tinged with racist and nationalist elements . 
  plenty of people on the left ( the vast vast majority ) see the necessity of sensible immigration controls . 
  and i find nothing strange about that . 
  every political side has extremes to it . 
  `` it is , however , ridiculous to claim that the movement to liberalize immigration and accept refugees is not heavily tinged with radical anarcho-communists , marxists and self-hating antiwhite racist elements of the `` intersectional '' movement . 
  plenty of people on the right ( the vast vast majority ) see the necessity of sensible and controlled immigration and refugee acceptance . '', 
   it is , however , ridiculous to claim that the movement to control immigration and stigmatize refugees is not heavily tinged with racist and nationalist elements .
