  hence why i also support an independent kurdistan - two , homogeneus countries for turks and kurds would be far more stable than one diverse one , as we see today . 
  `` lol it 's a prank bro , relax '', 
  nope , it [ `` was the period of queen victoria 's reign from 20 june 1837 until her death , on 22 january 1901 '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/victorian_era ) . 
  for the vast majority of that period , most of the balkans were free . 
  i still do n't get the mistreatement part . 
  how is using your national language for official political events or on the national radio and tv `` mistreatment '' of minorities ? 
  soon it will turn out not teaching our kids minority languages is mistreatement . 
  no one forbids the turks from speaking their language . 
  but in a nation-state that was created for the purpose of safeguarding and forging the bulgarian culture , identity and nationality there is nothing more natural and normal than to propagate and impose the bulgarian language . 
  assimilation is n't a dirty word - despite what modern cultural relativists and globalists would have to say . 
  every nation state should have assimilatory policies , as there 's nothing more stable for a country than homogenity . 
  the more heterogeneus , the more unstable it is , and i do n't think i have to say that to someone from turkey of all . 
  compare the ethnic tension and problems in 99 % homogeneus poland with that in diverse turkey . 
  i want to have the stability of poland here , not the problems of diverse turkey , so i find it entirely normal to support assimilation and not minority `` rights '' . 
  are the polls false and what percentage would be closer to reality then ? 
  you definitely have it the other way around - people around the world , even in your neighbours , do n't hate serbia as much as serbs hate them . 
  people are quite irrelevant towards serbia here , they like your music and cousine and have no negative stereotype of your people , whilst you call us backstabbers and tatars etc. 
  quite the same in other places in the balkans i ' v spoke to people . 
  if anything , the stereaotype is rather that you are hateful people , not hated people . 
  not just towards turks , they have this self-victimisation complex towards everyone . 
  love calling us backstabbers for our attack at them in 1913 and the world wars , despite them being the first to backstab us in 1885 at our most vunerable moment , and then provoke our attacks when take our land in 1912 . 
  they just love reading history selectively , turning a blind eye to their transgressions but constantly repeating others ' attacks at them . 
  what you do above is defined as a logical fallacy called appeal to extremes . 
  it aims to undermine an argument by taking it to an extreme . 
  no one in eastern europe acuses the turks `` for every single shitty thing about their countries '' . 
  in fact , the vast majority of problems are attributed to 45 years of communism . 
  above the guy has written some of the few points people see as negatives brought by the turkish rule , and supported them quite reasonably . 
  you can either accept them or argue against them , what you ca n't do ( or at least should n't if you want to be taken seriously ) is apply a logical fallacy by describing few points as `` every single shitty thing '' in an attempt at automatic dismissal of the arguments presented through ridicule . 
  the serbs love to victimise themsleves with the fact we attacked them in 1913 and 1915 as some kind of `` backstabbers '' , when in fact they were the ones to do it first in 1885 and provoked our attacks by taking our land in 1912 . 
  they are n't good at history you know . 
  but great drama queens , that 's a given . 
  at a school . 
  turkic people being present somewhere gives zero right to turkish people today to claim historical relevance to that region . 
  the serbs have zero historical presence or claims to syberia , despite `` slavic '' people having settled there fore centuries . 
  because those slavic people were with russian identity , not serbian . 
  so too , the turkic people who were in the balkans before , like huns or bulgars , had zero identity with the modern turkey or turkish nation . 
  it does n't matter with whom you identify today , you might as well do it with the babylonians , it does n't change history - you are a modern nation that has had a very recent colonial presence in the balkans at the expense of the local people . 
  those whom you assimilated here will now either accept those times are over and assimilate back to the local nations , or go to turkey . 
  and the comparisson with the kurds is quite reverse . 
  they never ruled you . 
  they do n't exist there because some kurdish empire invaded turkish lands and assimilated locals to be kurds . 
  it 's the opposite - you came there after the kurds already existed . 
  kurds like salah-ad-din were rulers before the first ottoman sultan . 
  in fact , you collectively took the land of the armenians in eastern anatolia after mass murdering them and had kurds move into the area . 
  so it 's not your historical land they live on . 
  it 's not even theirs , it 's armenian 's historical homeland . 
  hence the example has nothing to do with turkish ex-colonisers in the balkan lands . 
  first of all , you here were making comparissons with quebecans and the english-speaking canadians . 
  between them , the quebecans are as much native as the others . 
  which i compared as not the same with turks and bulgarians , one group of which has 1000 years longer history in bulgaria . 
  so if anything , native canadian indians have comparable right to the land as bulgarians do when compared to quebecans in one case and turks in the other . 
  secondly , i have already been told there is no difference in turkish language between turkic and turkish , but your linguistic poverty is n't my problem and does n't change history . 
  turkish people as a nation does n't equal turkic people . 
  one is a modern national creation , the other a broad linguistic group . 
  turkey and the turkish nation should stop identifying all turkic people through history with them and their history . 
  czechs do n't identify with slavs in the balkans back in the 6th century . 
  croats do n't claim historical parts of russian colonisation of asia . 
  `` slavic '' is just a linguistic group with many nations in it - so is turkic . 
  yes , there were turkic people long in history , but `` turkish '' people are a very , very late national creation which came to the balkans in the late 14th century - 700 years after the bulgarians , and did n't appear in large demographic numbers until well into the 17th century . 
  so a comparable colonisation to that of the americas or africa by the western europeans . 
  if a sioux or comanche nation state had survived and demanded that their sioux or comanche language be used rather than english or french , it would make perfect sense , same as it does to demand balkan languages in the balkans , not the recent colonial turkish . 
  but most of the balkans were free by the late 19th century ? 
  the quebecans are a group that formed there . 
  the turks are n't here . 
  they are bulgarians who were turkified through islam during the ottomans . 
  we 're just assimilating them back , restoring our nation as it were before we were invaded by the turks . 
  the same does n't apply to canada . 
  besides , if the quebecans do n't like it , there is no other place for them to go and be indigeneus quebecans . 
  for our turks there is a pretty large turkey to the east to move to and be turkish , or an even bigger turkey to the west , in the middle of the eu . 
  plenty of choice , but here - here is bulgaria since 681 , long before turkish was even a thing in the world . 
  exactly . 
  and we 're fixing those negative consequences brought upon us by a 5 century turkish occupation by imposing bulgarian language again and attempting to assimilate back those bulgarians who were turkified during the ottomans . 
  they do n't like it ? 
  there is a huge turkey to live to east of us , and an even bigger turkey in the middle of the eu . 
  here is bulgaria since 681 , not a turkish ex-province to have to accomodate the result of their aggression against us . 
  agreed . 
  and it makes most sense to take the language of the oldest currently exsisting nation-state with the same name in europe , right ? 
  bulgarian it is then !, 
  when you run out of arguments to defend a stupid statement learn to say nothing , just repeating your initial stupid statement like a dozen of arguments were n't made against it is meaningless . 
  it just shows you do n't have anything to answer those points , but at the meantime you also lack the maturity to admit it . 
  so you just go back to repeating the original statement like a broken record , maybe add a buzzword or two like `` homicidal maniac '' in hopes of making it sound stronger , as if that point was n't clearly addressed already . 
  it 's rather embarrassing to watch it really . 
  `` entertain '' ? 
  if i had to have a conversation with one of the two right now , of course i 'd chose the polite calm person , no matter who he is , because i value my nerves and health and do n't want it wasted on frustrating over hysterical morons . 
  besides , talking to a person is n't sharing in his crime . 
  journalists talk to these kinds of people all the time and it 's usually far more interesting of a conversation to look inside the mind of such a person , particularly if he held huge power , than some no-one pissed off , hysterical rude little cunt . 
  the good nature of your ideas do n't make you nice person to talk to , or an interesting one , or a pleasant one . 
  if you ; r a cunt , no amount of right ideas changes that , it 's an attitude issue and it is n't excused by ideas . 
  i 'd much rather argue with the calm person on the right than the hysteric on the left , regardless of opinions . 
  with an average sallary of $ 984 per month is life difficult as to leave the country ? 
  how is filling europe with millions of people from the islamic countries , strongly unwilling to embrace cultural change , going to bring that about ? 
  islamising europe wo n't bring your idea , more likely destroy it . 
  or are you still under the illusion the massive move of muslims to europe somehow creates europeans out of them or something in between , rather than just enclaves of muslims inside the continetn , who keep their religion and cultural values no matter how many generations they remain in europe ? 
  it 's highly ironic liberals and progessives like you support filling europe with people who are highly against all you stand for and would deal with you first should they have their way one day . 
  portugal is a goergous country , with a progressive government and actually livable conditions if not wealthy , as opposed to say my country , so why leave en mass ? 
   no , they 're choosing to hurt greek trade . 
  that bulgaria gets hurt in the process is an afterthought as no one cares about bulgaria . 
  thanks for finally agreeing with my point , despite trying to wiggle out of it a few times . 
  a bnunch of entitled , egotistic chauvinists hurt people from a neughbouring country cause they do n't care . 
  my point from the start .
