  meanwhile , all peasants could learn and use the crossbow in battle after a few months of training . 
  so how was it a more `` elite '' weapon that prevented trouble from below the social strata ? 
  not anywhere near a significant ammount of the peasants in england trained seriously and long enough with the bow . 
  at its peak there were a couple tens of thousands of highly trained longbowmen in a country with 1.5 million people . 
  the king furthermore organised numerous tournaments and joint trainings for those who did dedicate enough to become professional longbowmen . 
  the result was , indeed , a small group ( out of all the peasants ) of highly trained and eventually well paid professional soldiers , loyal to the king because their status came from him and his pay . 
  ( as well as that of the other employing nobility ) the vast majority of english peasants were neither good enough with the longbow , nor capable of easily acquiring a crossbow . 
  meanwhile , knights in the french armies were an increadibly tiny minority . 
  among the rest , the crossbow was quite prevelant and used by peasants . 
  they could be quickly replaced with other peasants at any point , unlike the highly and long trained longbowmen , making the crossbow the `` weapon of the masses '' , whilst the longbow the weapon of a very selected few professionals . 
  this does n't really make a lot of sense - 1 . 
  the longbowmen were not just peasants who picked up a bow , they were highly trained soldiers , who shot it since the age of 7 . 
  the equivalent of professional troops at the time . 
  the crossbow , on the other hand , was n't something that excluded peasants from use and thus solidified a king 's power - on the contrary , it was the crossbow that was easy to learn in a month or two , yet deadly enough to pierce knight 's armour . 
  hence , the crossbow was far more of a danger to a kings ' societal order , as it allowed untrained , poor peasants to just grab it and kill a knight easily , even in heavy armour . 
  meanwhile they could n't do that with the longbow , which required a decade and more of training to master . 
  i 'm not making any counter-theory here , but it makes more sense to say a king afraid of his peasants would favour the longbow in his country , giving him a few thousand well trained and paid professionals he can use against the masses of unarmed peasants . 
  whearas one unafraid would introduce the crossbow , that will allow him to always easily levy large masses of peasants for his armies with it , as long as he 's not afraid of them turning against him . 
  i ' v been among the most vocal people against the wave of migrants and strongly support keeping europe with proper borders and no-tolerance attitude towards illegals , but this is horrid . 
  we ca n't be a civilized continent and allow , even people who are illegal , to live like it 's 1100 ad . 
  deport them later , arrest even if you deem it a crime , but for the time being give these people conditions worthy of people , not street dogs . 
  the point here is religion at all , none - yours , mine , theirs , has no place in schools and least of all in making decisions that affect all . 
  i too might have certain foods my religion does n't allow - it 's my problem . 
  not the school to accomodate my taste . 
  if that happens , it is , just as you said - not a big problem or an issue . 
  but what is , is a precedent . 
  we bring religion back to school , because we ' v made this small change that affects all as a result of the religion of some . 
  a precedent is an important thing . 
  it means we are ok with certain practices and most vitally - with the reasoning behind them . 
  the reasoning behind this pork story is n't `` lets all get along '' , it 's `` let 's all get along by implementing a religious change that will affect all due to the beliefs of some '' . 
  this time it 's pork , sure . 
  next time , someone will demand the schools never organise any activities on saturdays , because the shabat is sacred to jews . 
  small thing , sure . 
  big deal . 
  then others will demand something else . 
  i 'm not saying this will happen , i 'm saying by allowing the pork precedent we are ok with it happening . 
  when we most certainly should not be - religious practices have no place in school or daycare , there is a firm separation of state and church , if you have such practices you leave them at home . 
  muslim or not . 
  so we change our societies ever slightly to accomodate the new practices that the immigrants bring and demand to give to their children as well , instead of simply them assimilating into the societies they ' v decided to move to or were even born in ? 
  great logic . 
  so we change our societies ever slightly to accomodate the new practices that the immigrants bring and demand to give to their children as well , instead of simply them assimilating into the societies they ' v decided to move to or were even born in ? 
  great logic . 
  in sweden you seem to be ashamed you exist . 
  oh how horrible , r/europe gets filled with europeans !, 
  it 's not hypocrisy , it 's demographics . 
  this sub is mainly filled with europeans , at least half of whom from eastern europe . 
  british empire 's victims were mainly outside of europe , hence not from countries well represented here . 
  russian empire 's victims were mainly from countries represented here . 
  of course a lithuanian will be voicing his disgust at the russian empire more than at the british one . 
  there is no massive support of the brits either , all the top comments condemn it . 
  so what 's your problem with condeming the russians more strongly , by a sub with lots of people from countries they fucked ? 
  thing is , you are n't 100 km from greece and the aegean/east mediterranean , where you can see palm trees and the like ... 
  they are n't in english though , so considering their meaning is vastly different , confusion can arise . 
  that 's because they have the same misconception in their heads as most turkish people i ' v met , that turkic = turkish . 
  one is a broad linguistic group , like germanic , latin or slavic , that encompasses a vast number of very different people throughout history ( including most likely the bulgars ) , whilst the other is just a single modern day nation that is still part of that linguistical group , unlike the bulgarians . 
  turkic * you people never make the difference . 
  i fully get what you ' r saying and agree mostly , but then again , do n't you kinda see history then repeating itself : think , you are sitting in your palace all ottoman and shit , successor of byzantium , the one and only caliphate , the superpower of the day , the dread of all europeans , the centre of east-west trade and ennormous wealth and palaces ... and then some tiny ass nations you rule over fuck your shit up , break up the empire piece by piece culminating in a giant shitstorm of blood and genocide . 
  you end up poorer than almost all the european nations you looked down upon for centuries and made tremble by just the sound of your armies , made to beg for entry into their club and receiving money as pittance in change for `` reforms '' . 
  with a sizeable percentage of your population uneducated , stuck in the middle ages religious peasants , a rather unimpressive world project power and serious ethnic and social internal divisions ... 
  i mean , that 's not me being spiteful cause we fell down even worse , but it would kinda explain why so many turks are obsessed with the lost ottoman glory as much as any greek is with his philosophers , or indeed a russian with the ussr ... 
  it has been in official bulgarian schoolbooks for 75 years now that the bulgars prayed to tengri . 
  there 's been numerous novels written about it and he 's been mentioned in communist historical movies all the time . 
  quite popular in fact , despite the reality there 's zero proof of bulgars adhereing to tengrism . 
  we know for sure in fact that khan kubrat was christian orthodox , and some of the dulo dinasty were aryan christians . 
  i fully understand that . 
  but the original point still stands - what he wrote was true and yet downvoted to hell , despite no one but him knowing if he meant germany as in the state or the entire germanic land history . 
  whilst the polish is plotting on taking lw\u00f3w and kr\u00f3lewiec ? 
  is `` europe '' simply german people in your head ? 
  cause lots of nations were harmed by this `` glorious '' empire worse than any current islamic invasion . 
  so edgy . 
  did you come up with that comparisson by yourself ? 
  and america has a lot more history than the us . 
  his point stands , between the two states of germany and the usa - the latter has more history . 
  wheras yours was even more typically bulgarian bitching , whining and hating even when the topic is something good . 
  this joyless , tiresome nagging from many like you in our country ruins it more than anything . 
  that 's why he was right to tell you to take a flight and fuck off somewhere else if you hate it so much you ca n't bloody abstain from ruining the mood even when something positive is the topic . 
   yep , if it was the viking age , sure . 
  at any age it is the most normal thing in the world for a piece of land , especially an island , to belong to the people live there at the moment , but even more so if they are actually the very first people to live there at all . 
  argentinians have zero history in the falklands , the british have all the history of human settlement there - few places on earth have such straighforward demographic history . 
  if the british do n't have a right to the falklands i 'm afraid no one on earth must have a right to no land . 
   hm , i think you 're missing the south american continent that is near to it . 
  is proximity a factor of who gets what land now ? 
  cause asia is much closer to cyprus than europe - perhaps you belong to turkey instead of the eu ? 
  you know , by proximity . 
   yeah , because if i write those things and some agree with me , uk is going to leave the cyprus or falklands ' situation is connected with the british territories in cyprus . 
  are you for real mate?c do n't play a dumb child now , you understand exactly what an agenda is - you dislike the uk due to internal reasons in cyprus and thus oppose them ad hoc . 
  that 's all - and it discredits your arguments as they lack in any substance , showing simply your * desire * the uk was in the wrong here , so you ' r not really ready to use objective logic or recognise it when you see it . 
  having an agenda like you do now simply means you will be opposed to the uk in this issue no matter if someone even comes with a 1000 solid arguments against you - that 's the problem with people having agendas , they take precedent over rational discourse . 
   eh , `` muuuh colonialism '' is actually a pretty much sensible argument by itself but if you do n't want to see it , sure that it 's your choice , is n't it ? 
  no it 's not - the colonialism of the british over indigeneus people far away from the falklands and 2 centuries ago in no way is an argument to say these particular islands , which had no native people colonised by the british , should n't belong to them either . 
  argentina itself is the product of colonisation - a hispanic state , almost entirely white/europid , in a continent that was entirely colonised . 
  they are in no way the `` native '' people that somehow have the right to all of south america , including the falklands . 
  `` colonialism '' is simply a buzz-word you use here without substance . 
  as people have pointed out in this thread already , there does n't seem to be a problem in spain to openly advocate treasonous ideas . 
  it is , however , by the standards of any non-union state a treason of the highest degree to advocate or pursue the disintegration of the current state and the reshaping of its borders . 
  again , i do not consider it wrong for you to pursue an independent basque state , i support that , but it just simply * is * treasonous , in the most pure sense of the word , to the current spanish state . 
  `` people '' are a collective notion - if the majority of the spanish citizens agree then any breach of the constitution or the structure of the spanish state can be accepted , because as you said they make the state . 
  but before such a firm constitutional majority exists , any breach of the constitution and especially one concerning the sovereign borders of the state is unconsitutional at the least , treason at the most . 
   just because there was n't a local population and you colonised it , again , does n't make that land rightfully yours ahh , yes it does . 
  i have n't read a more certain definition of what a state can claim than this .
