  a lazy and stupid bum who was n't capable of learning or working hard is only asked to work whatever marginal job he can get ( according to his abilities ) . 
  both , however , in perfect socialist/marxist society receive the same , because being both 30 year old , single , males of 180 cm/82 kg - they have the same needs . 
  they will receive `` according to their needs '' , whilst giving `` according to their abilities '' - that 's the core socialist ideas that people are against - the state redistributing wealth from those who actually work , and work far more important , contributing jobs than menial manual labour , to those who do n't for the sake of `` social euquality '' . 
  the state denying people the ability to amass wealth despite their greater contribution , work and dedication , for the sake of keeping all `` equal '' . 
  in the meantime giving away welfare to underserving ones for the same purpose . 
  critics of socialism rarely if ever want to defend the 1 % . 
  furthermore , it 's the idea of public means of production that comes as often as critique of socialism , since it 's not only injust , but utterly financially , productively and economically unfeasable as economic structures go . 
  but that 's a different debate . 
  the west is sanctioning russia not for the things you mentioned , but for its military aggressions and creation of frozen conflicts , something belarus is n't doing . 
  why would n't krakow be friendly to you ? 
  granted , poles have some of that negative romanian = roma connotation , but as long as you do n't look gypsie there 's no reason for them to treat you bad . 
  i ' v been there a fuckton of times and seen this first hand . 
  it ' t the kind of hate you have for someone whom you perceive as arrogant and hateful towards you for no reason . 
  i ' v heard from far too many serbs that we are `` tatars '' , `` backstabbers '' or `` fascists '' to have a positive opinion . 
  the average bulgarian considers serbs very close culturaly , but if he has a negative opinion it is usually based on an encouter he had with some of the above-described opinions serbs throw at us seeming at any encounter we have with them . 
  i mean , no matter how close we are culturaly , i ca n't possibly like you if you keep calling me a tatar and a backstabber , can i ? 
  why does it always have to be a matter of `` understanding '' the foreigners that are coming rather than just a rational desire not to have that wave at all ? 
  you can be opposed to a continuous wave of migrants from asia and africa without hating their guts , you know ? 
  romania and bulgaria are fare shittier today in relations to the rest of the world than they were before ww2 precisely because they ended up on the side of the kremlin-occupied states , and you think it should be celebrated ? 
  are you masochistic ? 
  but you accuse all of the us and not just the presidents that did those things ? 
  pathetic and obvious double standards . 
  who is this `` turncoats '' ? 
  the people of romania voted for none of those decisions . 
  the swap was n't done by the same politicians either . 
  a soviet occupation and a coup d'etats by the kremlin 's supported terrorists is what happened in both romania and bulgaria . 
  i was about to write the exact same for bulgaria . 
  even the bumpkin/peasant curse is the same ( \u0441\u0435\u043b\u044f\u043a / \u0441\u0435\u043b\u0442\u0430\u043a ) . 
  we might hate each other as nations but we ' r just painfully similar . 
  it was n't the turning point . 
  the turning point in the war came 2 months after the german invasion of the ussr , when in mid august they lost 2 weeks deliberating on the kiev pocket . 
  those 2 weeks cost them moscow , and the war , when the wet spring came exactly 2 weeks too early and bogged them down after smolensk giving time for the siberian divisions to arrive . 
  it was n't the turning point . 
  the turning point in the war came 2 months after the german invasion of the ussr , when in mid august they lost 2 weeks deliberating on the kiev pocket . 
  those 2 weeks cost them moscow , and the war , when the wet spring came exactly 2 weeks too early and bogged them down after smolensk giving time for the siberian divisions to arrive . 
  it saddens me more than anything because of the fact africa 's quadrupling of the population will most likely mean the extinction of most species of african wild animals . 
  they are going extinct now , imagine when there are 4 billion people there ... 
  lenin was signing `` death quotas '' - for x ammount of people to be shot , randomly , in certain areas of the ussr in order to cement the red terror . 
  the quotas were in the thousands ( 5000 to 25,000 ) and we have those orders with his signature preserved in the soviet archive in moscow and declassified in 1991 . 
  4 million were murdered by him , of which 1 million in this way . 
  far more by stalin , and far-faaar more by mao . 
  you are entirely ignorant of the history of communism . 
  there 's hardly a more injust system than pure , theoretical communism , where all give `` according to their abilities '' but only get `` according to their needs '' . 
  so a surgeon gets to work 60 hours a week in extreme pressure because `` he can '' , whilst only getting as much as a parking ticket employee because they both `` need to survive '' the same . 
  there 's zero reward for harder work in pure theoretical communism , and that 's in no way `` altruistic '' . 
  i even omit talking about the `` revolutionary holocaust '' or the `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' enisioned by marx , which is as genocidal an idea as anything in mein kampf . 
  sure frate , how 's the weather north of the danube ? 
  freedom of speech and information is n't `` a shitty deal '' . 
  we did n't whine about it because we accept the tenants of freedom of speech and information . 
  you fuck up - the world has the right to know you did . 
  it has the right to make fun of your people or honestly say whatever the fuck it wants . 
  we accept that and it 's the kind of world we want to live in . 
  but now what we see is n't someone getting `` a better deal '' than us , it 's someone getting a wholly special and privileged treatment entirely due to their different race , religion or continent . 
  a privileged treatment that encroaches on the rights and ideals i mentioned above . 
  that 's racism in its purest form - one group getting special treatment , be it negative or positive , for nothing more than its superficial racial , cultural or ethnic traits . 
  turkish tourist numbers : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-21/why-tourists-are-still-flocking-to-greece-and-avoiding-turkey#media-3 greek : http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-08-21/why-tourists-are-still-flocking-to-greece-and-avoiding-turkey#media-2 at least check your data before accusing others of bias . 
  the article says turkey is experiencing a worse growth than greece , and it backs it up . 
  if you do n't agree provide other sources , do n't just whine there like a kid . 
  i 'm claiming greece has a more advanced and concentrated tourist industry to be 7 times smaller geographically and demographically , yet only have 2 times less tourists . 
  that results in 4 times more concentration per capita and per square kilometre . 
  therefore you loose at your own `` dick-measuring '' of tourism between the countries . 
  you must be a moron to think i am claiming something else or more than that . 
  lol i 'm hating ? 
  how ? 
  by showing rough data ? 
  are numbers now hateful ? 
  especially as reponse to your dick-measuring of `` turkey gets 40 million , how much numbers does geeeece haaave ? '', 
  it does now . 
  after a wave of refugees and migrants from across the med has descended . 
  but when the wave of e. europeans was descending no one thought of this . 
  no one gave a shit if we would be stygamtised . 
  no one banned free speech to prevent the media from blasting about this and that new crime done by some e.euros . 
  no one banned the skits on german tv with polish thieves . 
  because no one cares when white , christian/atheist eeastern europeans are bashed - they are white , so there ca n't be racism against them . 
  and they are n't muslim , so there ca n't be `` islamophobia '' . 
  i repeat again , since you seem to have trouble reading . 
  the nazi were better to their own people ( the germans ) ; than the soviets were to their own people ( the russians , ukr , tatar etc. 
  inside the ussr ) . 
  far fewer germans got executed by the nazis and far better was the life of the average german in the reich , than soviet citizens were killed by soviet regime . 
  do you comprehend it now ? 
  first of all , yes - naturally the uk sucks for toursim , have you ever seen their women , experienced their weather , bathed on their beaches or eaten their food ? 
  i did for 4 years , the tourists should be even fewer . 
  second of all , yes again - greece has tourism , shipping and some financial/corporate headquaters and little else . 
  that 's why they inflated their gdp with loans and are now in the shits . 
  but this is n't about that - it 's about tourism , so do n't change the subject . 
  they have 4 times better tourism per capita than you , face it and move on to hating them for something else . 
  it 's written on the monument to the soviet army in sofia - a large monument built by the soviets that is routinely vandalized by the people and then cleaned up the socialist party and rusophillic volunteers . 
  here 's some other times it was painted : http://www.amusingplanet.com/2015/02/the-painted-monument-to-soviet-army-in.html, 
  perhaps they were arguing the nazis were better to their own people than the soviets to theirs . 
  which is true . 
  no one had trouble reporting on the eastern european criminals for years . 
  even sites were put up of people sharing stories about them . 
  the media was having a field day with the `` polish car thiefs '' or the `` romanian pick-pockets '' . 
  what happened now ? 
  `` these '' criminals deserve protection from stygmatisation ? 
  naturally , because they belong to the `` special '' groups of non-white or non-christian people that have a thousand organisations and left politicians defending them from the horrors of racism , unlike the `` open season '' targets of white , christian eastern europeans . 
  you are overall right , yet i suspect you might have confused tourists with migrants . 
  we are talking about tourists here , immigrants are strangely off topic . 
  we do n't , we say \u041a\u0438\u0441\u0435\u043b\u043e \u041c\u043b\u044f\u043a\u043e ( kiselo mliako ) - literary meaning sour milk . 
  besides , we use a lot of turkish words due to their 500 year occupation of us , but usually ones describing food or customs brought from them , not basic bulgarian stuff .
