  it 's the most normal thing in the world to do so - they are the next generation . 
  i do n't see any correlation of hateful people doing it in particular . 
  it reaffirms his point . 
  chamberlain dealed with hitler - it led to his country falling into war with germany . 
  pilsudski did it - it led to his country getting occupied by germany . 
  stalin did it - it led to his country having a common border with germany , enabling the invasion that killed 20 million soviets . 
  that 's the point - stalin was n't a guy who miraculously saved the ussr from german invasion , he 's the one responsible the invasion could happen in the first place . 
  precisely due to the what you see in the pictures the guy posted - his splitting of poland with hitler that gave them a common border . 
  i never claimed i am entitled to a serious answer . 
  feel free to banter if you ' r not taking this seriously , as i ' v been this past few comments . 
  what i pointed out was merely that it 's a tad bit funny when in the same post you try pretending you ' r taking this too light-heartedly to give a serious answer , and then go on to do some pretty butthurt teenager-grade profanities . 
  it 's showing the crack in your `` it 's too not-serious for me to answer '' facade , and the reality that you just do n't have an answer in the first place . 
  discovered is the key word here . 
  i bet there 's plenty over europe as well without them being . 
  just a warning to everyone here , this is a notorious soviet troll from our country , he 'll literally defend any and all soviet or russian crimes to try and pathetically provoke a response . 
  he once defended the occupation of his own state ( bulgaria ) and the murder of his compatriots . 
  it 's entirely pointless to answer him or try and debate , he 'll copy-paste answers that look like they ' r taken from a soviet pamphlet . 
  you can save your time and just read one instead of writing him . 
  the brief cry of your teenager self with pathetic little insults meant to be edgy suggests otherwise . 
  as i wrote , if you ' r gon na use the excuse `` i 'm not answering because it is n't serious , not because i ' v no agruments to do so '' , do try harder to keep the facade up . 
  it 's rather embarassing otherwise . 
  it 's just a tad bit weakening your facade of someone joking lightly and not taking this as a serious discussion when you finish it off with the profane `` edgy '' remarks of a frustrated teenager . 
   there wasnt any invasion , you tripping balls mine was concerning historically russian invasions . 
  since you claimed they 'd never invadede `` a brother nation '' , i just pointed out they ' v been doing this for the past 300 years . 
  there 's only such thing as a `` brother nation '' to the russians if you ' r not bordering them and they can use it . 
  if serbia was bordering russia i 'd be invaded many times by now , just like all of russia 's neighbours have been . 
   you dont have to be bombed to be harrased by new regime or to fell in danger from it , and countries that are fond of their people act to prevent that . 
  and what fantasmagorical evidence can you show for russians being harrassed or endangered in ukraine at the moment ? 
  got some kremlin propaganda to link ? 
  or should we ad hoc accept that they simply must be endangered , to justify russia 's creation of another frozen conflict , like it did in transnistria , abkhazia , ossetia ...  ah now i remember you nato bot you.ukraine really does sting alot y ? 
  solid argument again . 
  you get called out for not knowing where the russians in ukraine live , and saying bullshit like that most of them are now under the rebel control , and instead of correcting your mistake or admiting it - you go on the personal attacks like a 5 year old who ca n't stand being wrong . 
  sometimes i wonder if people arguing like you do are ever ashamed of their infantilism . 
  you ' r the one who claimed the budget should be fixed with higher taxes for the rich . 
  my question how high was entirely in place . 
  not my fault you lack an answer ( since you ' r just talking populist rethoric , lacking any actual economic data to give an educated opinion ) , and therefore istead choose the easy way out with childish answers . 
  username checks out . 
  so then the rich are n't taxed enough is what you ' r saying . 
  how much should they be taxed , in your opinion , for the budget to simultaniously make up for the gaping hole without touching the pensions and sallaries , and without causing a massive capital flight and destruction of all foreign investment ? 
  as there would be from any sovereign state on whatever part of it was occupied . 
  it 's the most natural sign of protest of one 's territorial violation . 
  i 'm not downlaying it , i 'm separating modern occupations from conquests centuries ago . 
  and if i did n't , then the turkish guy accusing the canadian of occupation has as much to answer for and is being hypocritical , considering his country was also based on occupation and genocide of natives in anatolia . 
  canada being a modern occupation is among the most infantile things i ' v ever read . 
  your compatriot accused the canadian of taking the land from the natives before them . 
  i said turks did the same to the armenians/greeks/slavs in anatolia . 
  you come with a bunch of previous people that are irrelevant to the comparrison of the canadians your compatriot made . 
  but you call me retarded ... 
   from every official statement from russia solid source . 
   they wont invade brother nation that 's almost all they ' v ever invaded . 
   they have western puppet government installed when a government is pro-western , it 's automatically `` a puppet '' . 
  when it 's pro-kremlin , not , right ? 
   they will protect russian people in ukraine those live almsot entirely outside of dnr-lnr and needed no protection by russia . 
  did kharkov , as russian as donetck , get bombed by the `` nazi ukrainians '' ? 
  did the people in zaporozhia rebel or get murdered ? 
  there was zero reason to `` protect '' russians in ukraine other than moscow propaganda . 
  which used that as merely casus beli to take crimea and make a frozen conflict in donetsk and lughansk . 
   they have control of eastern ukraine where russian majority lived no , once again , more than 80 % of russians in ukraine are living in ukrainain held territory , have no desire to rebel and are not repressed in any way . 
  even donetzk and lughansk regions are only 50 % occupied . 
  russia has control of a tiny part of russians in ukraine because that 's all it needs to have a frozen conflict it can use to keep the ukrainians from getting rid of the poisonous kremlin grip the rest of eastern europe got rid of . 
  i was correcting his claim it `` was turkish land for more than thousand years '' , which he used as excuse why turks do n't want to let the kurds go . 
  ahh ok , the greeks just embargoed half of cyrpus all of a suddent . 
  not like it was invaded and occupied beforehand , forget this part , go directly to the subsequent embargo ... 
  there were summerians and hittie instead of greeks , armenians and slavs in anatolia when the turks took it in the 11th century ? 
  i know turks love their fantasy history , but this surpasses `` muslims discovered america '' . 
  to save the budget from defaulting in a crisis you , logically , cut stuff that is in that budget , like pensions and sallaries . 
  the 3-4-5 bedroom apartaments of the rich are n't paid by the budget , for them to be cut . 
  when trying to be a brave little marxist at least use arguments that refer to the topic at hand . 
  he 's accusing an occupation of 40 years on a land that has a sovereign and existing nation and state . 
  you compare that to the conquest of lands centuries ago , that had no established nation or state , and were barely inhabited at all . 
  and call it `` hypocrisy '' . 
  there 's no comparisson possible there - a modern occupation of a state that exists today , by a state that also exists today , is not comparable to conquests of people centuries ago . 
  by your logic no one can ever accuse israel of occupation since the arabs themselves occupied those lands in the 7th century . 
  see how idiotic it is to consider ancient and modern occupations the same and call people who blame the latter `` hypocrites '' ? 
  only uk 's `` needs '' threaten to break up the european project , which is the only possibilty for the future 5 % of the world 's population , on an ageing continent , to have voice in the world . 
  all labour can = corruption . 
  it 's about how corrupt the society is , not if you try adopting prison labour . 
  same here , negar is quite used in society for a black person and it just does n't carry the wrong connotation unless you ' r a wannabe westerner . 
  and you refuse to address that same idea - that european nations share a number of other fundamental things than geography or 6 centuries of history , which are all you point out to make turks historically european . 
  my `` bubble '' texts describe those numerous historical similarities and you just ignore to mention them , because there 's no way to pretend the turks are even remotely `` european '' in any historical context if you do . 
  not good for the russians living on average 64 years male longevity because their neo-fascist oligarchy prefers to spend $ 70 billion on a military rather than a good healthcare or alcohol , drugs and hiv prevention . 
  by `` most '' you should mean a few balkan ones and ukraine . 
  all other e.european countries have higher average living standard . 
  if you take health stats and things like deseases , drugs and alcoholism , even the balkan ones surpass russia . 
  any division within europe serves the us and russia more than anyone . 
  whereas i address all your points and the entirety of your arguments and posts , you grab for straws in each reply and write 2 sentences addressing those two straws , ignoring 90 % of the rest , rather than try and argue the main points . 
  that 's no way to debate and makes it pointless for me to write at some point , knowing you 'll ignore 90 % of what you ca n't refute and just answer with 2 words one thing you think you can . 
  if they are , are n't you too - greek , armenian and slav land ? 
  why ? 
  they did the same here in sofia to the main downtown shopping street bul . 
  [ first ] ( http://www.dreamkeeper.eu/wp-content/vitoshka6.jpg ) [ later ] ( http://www.mediapool.bg/images/232/90029aa28a8db95892e0ba636d610b14.jpg ) [ now ] ( http://www.front.bg/attachments/news/6260/cover_image/photo-verybig-69061.jpg ) [ now ] ( http://www.novini.bg/uploads/news_pictures/2013-46/big/vitoshka-e-edna-ot-naij-skypite-tyrgovski-ulici-v-sveta-180287.jpg ) [ now ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-v5ttmb_3rra/u5du6ndyevi/aaaaaaaahri/vbtlr-8zpwo/s1600/123,bul.+vitosha,sofia,briagnews,vladimir+yosifov,photo,+09.06.2014,+200.jpg ), 
  i did n't associate christianity with anything other than the historical origin of the `` european '' as a community and civilization . 
  it is what first united the continent into a group , nothing more . 
  you do n't have to be from a nation with a chrisitan past to be a good person , you have to be from one to be a european . 
  all european nations simply have a christian medieval past , that 's not a normative statement by me , it 's historical validity . 
  what puts european nations together is that they were all `` conceived '' in this early , medieval europe , within the back-then `` christian family '' . 
  even if they are n't christian today like the czechs or estonians for example , the history of their nations coming from that family remains . 
  turks do n't . 
  they were born as a nation in asia , created their state in asia minor , became part of the islamic family and civilization , and finally only set foot in europe late 14th century . 
  european nations had been there for hundreds of years when the first turk set foot in europe .
