  i 'm not saying someone is cutting a particular type of vegetable in the near vicinity , but i am . 
  implying you are feeling strong emotions about this by pretending metaphorical onions are causing them instead of saying it directly . 
  if there is one 9fag trend that became painfully overused ... 
  [ meesa ] ( http://pre03.deviantart.net/1d98/th/pre/f/2011/003/f/4/meesa_so_hopey_by_grimmybug-d36bf1v.jpg ) melt your heart ? 
  people convert/remain christian because of muslim migration ? 
  no , you get it wrong . 
  this is net migration , it takes the immigration and adds emigration . 
  bulgarians still leave in large numbers , particurarly the young . 
  but the difference now is that there is also some level of immigration into the country . 
  sofia is quite filled with greeks , turks , spanish , and lots of western ex-patriats working for companies here . 
  the it industry draws experts from all over europe due to a lack of people now . 
  but most of all , lots of arabs and mid-easterners have come with the migration wave . 
  there 's now a big muslim neighbourhood in sofia behind the `` halite '' . 
  so if around 30,000 people still leave the country annually , ~ 26,000 are coming in , resulting in this 4k net number . 
  it still is a bad development as we ' v just swapped demographic decline with demographic replacement . 
  did n't even read the article , eh ? 
   reports of the imminent death of christianity at least may have been greatly exaggerated . 
   the overall proportion of britons who described themselves as christian actually rose one percentage point in the last year from 42 per cent to 43 per cent . 
   and that corresponds with a one point fall in the number of so-called `` nones '' -- those who describe themselves as having no religion -- from 49 per cent to 48 per cent . 
  no , you are irrelevant because you can see kosovo is participating . 
  if either you or your country were relevant enough , they would n't , hence you are n't . 
  it 's simple logic mate , try to keep up . 
  i bet you had no trouble with the serbs uniting all of their lands and then forming yugoslavia with even more land , but then call tiny nations like albania uniting their ethnic lands `` greater albania '' . 
  quite the hypocrites . 
  why do n't you first give back bulgaria 's western lands and hungaria 's southern ones before demanding others give you lands that you do n't even inhabit as a majority ? 
  argentina is far too white to be in the same competition with western and northern europe . 
  why ? 
  ireland  1 point . 
  italy  5 points . 
  poland  105 points . 
  they were n't crusaders . 
  they were excomunicated by the pope as soon as they sacked christian cities in dalmatia . 
  most crusaders then disbanded . 
  what continued was an independent army of excomunicated individuals led by the venetians on a raid against their trading rival in the east med . 
  it was no more of a `` crusade '' than the 100s war between england and france . 
  why is he saying he 'd fall off if he fell asleep ? 
  is the basket that small ? 
  ca n't he just lie/sit on the floor of it with his knees bent and sleep ? 
  i mean , you can technically sit down and sleep safely in even the [ smallest of baskets ] ( http://photohome.com/pictures/hot-air-balloon-pictures/balloon-18a.jpg ) ? 
  the combined population of the european countries shown on this graph is around 350 million and their combined gdp is like 90 % of the gdp of europe . 
  it 's useful to accept when you are irrelevant . 
  why is it wrong to not want the percentage of muslims in europe to continue increasing as it has been ? 
  without thinking they are all terrorists , or even having a negative opinion of them as people - why ca n't i simply want europe to remain a continent with an overlwhelming majority of secular , atheist , agnostic and christian people , as opposed to a seriously growing percentage of muslims ? 
  terrorism is almost an irrelevant side of the growing muslim community - the culture , attitudes and identity of the rest , who are non-violent , is as much or even more so a problem , so why ca n't we advocate an end to all migration from muslim states based solely on our disagreement with their societal norms ? 
  if we need immigrants there 's plenty willing such from non-muslims countries , and you can bet argentinians or brazillians will assimilate into european nations much faster and easier than moroccans or paksitanis . 
  isis claimed responsibility for the heat . 
  both of which serve as a great threat for europe , thus ensuring the wake up it needs to both remilitarize and move towards a common army . 
  the cushy , secure decades under us 's protection have had a negative impact on this continet 's ability to defend itself , take decisive action , support a modern and functional military , as well prevented the creation of a common military . 
  undermining this nato safety net will improve all of the above . 
  because to use those mechanics will inevitably favour some regions and hurt others . 
  it already does with the very existance of the euro . 
  the difference with china and the us is that they are actual centralized countries . 
  so they can make the decision in their capital to chose a fiscal policy which will favour , say the stronger regions of the country that they know will produce more wealth , and then redistribute some of that wealth directly to the poorer regions that were harmed by the fiscal policy they chose . 
  being a centralized country means they can make that decision - to hurt some regions and favour others because they have made the calculation that in the end the extra wealth created by the economic engines within the country will be more than the loss in the weaker regions , so after redistribution the overall economy will benefit . 
  the eu ca n't make such decisions before it is an actual centralized federation at the least . 
  a fluctuating currency can be used to bolster exports or manipulate inflation . 
  various mechanics are at hand of a national government to use when it has a national currency . 
  we do n't have those if our currency is pegged to the euro , basically meaning we * use * the euro , just with a different name and different pictures on the bankones and coins . 
  and is there even a shred of evidence he will ? 
  because he said every nato country should spend at least 2 % like the us and not freeload on them ? 
  this suddenly means he will `` destroy the alliance '' ? 
  that 's a prime example of how modern media takes someone 's words and makes a histeria out of twisting them . 
  it 's a mistake putting these 8 together . 
  bulgaria for example has had its currency pegged to the euro for quite a lot of years now , with the exact same conversion rate of the deutchemark . 
  we basically do n't have a currency or any of the benefits you get from one . 
  we have different papers and coins , but in reality use the euro already , so it makes zero sense to talk of our currency the way you do of the zlota or lei . 
  you sound like a very self-absorbed teen trying to be edgy . 
  nothing edgy or smart about calling people who disagree with you monkeys . 
  definitely not something a person on the level of einstein would do in a debate , adding to the irony of you mentioning him . 
  and i congratulate you again on wiggling yourself out of the ironic comment that i should be sorry and deal with it , when it applies to you in this situation . 
  good going with ignoring that last bit , but ignoring your mistake does n't others will too . 
  now now , do n't change the situation , you did n't claim mere validity , you claimed prevalence of opinion as means when someone tells you to `` sorry , deal with it ! '' . 
  why should i be sorry and what should i `` deal '' with when there is no necessity for me to deal with your opinion , as mine is the prevaling and dominant one across the globe ? 
  it is for you , the spiteful fringe group , that the reference `` sorry , deal with it '' fits much better - sorry mate , my view runs our world not yours , deal with it . 
  so good attempt at wiggling out of that one , but does n't quite work though . 
  you acted as if i should `` deal '' with your opinion when in fact it 's the opposite , my nationalist position dominates our world and people like * you * have to deal with it . 
  exactly . 
  hence a guy asking how the `` girls '' are in poland should be advised they are pretty slim and fit , not fatter than in spain , as the comment i disagreed with did . 
  fair enough , could be the case , but certainly not in poland or eastern europe . 
  girls here are notoriously slim and fit . 
  why would i be sorry and `` deal '' with it as if i am in the minority and most people around the world have your completely globalist , national-rejecting attitude ? 
  on the contrary dude , you ' r from a small group of far-left internationalists who completely reject the nation . 
  around the globe , and especially in bulgaria , nationalism is alive and well , people are very much aware of their nationality above any globalist `` human '' identity . 
  you know it 's true , so why pretend it 's the opposite just to be able to spitefully tell me `` sorry , deal with it '' ? 
  i think it 's interresting to see a graph of sex and age ration in obesity , because i 'm pretty sure ex communist countries have much higher obesity rate with older women than the rest of europe does , but at the same time much lower one with young girls . 
  i lived in the west for 6 years and have never in my life seen as many young girls be fat back in eastern europe , where out of my class of 30 kids only 1 girl was slightly chubby . 
  meanwhile , our grannies are definitely fatter than their `` modern grandmas '' that go on cruises and look classy well into their 70s . 
  that 's exactly what we are trying to do mate . 
  1915 or 1941 to be precise . 
  third time 's the charm as they say . 
  do n't sulk , even you 'll love it in skopje , even though you ' r a national traitor and all . 
   you can have free education and universal healthcare even with a bigger military spending . 
  i never disputed that . 
  just the point that europe is in any way us 's `` slave '' . 
  when your time comes , we 'll send you alright , young or old . 
  national traitors do n't get to dodge the draft no matter how much caps lock they use . 
  it 's the opposite , medditeranean women are far chubbier . 
  greek and italian ones are notorious fatties here in bulgaria . 
  slavic women are the slimmest in the eu together with the scandinavian ones . 
  i did n't say we have to send only the young to die .
