  judging by its size i suppose it was n't really addressing any of my answer . 
  good thing you know when you should retreat from an argument . 
  indeed , the entire civil war in donbas , being raged with russian soldiers and equipment is `` no evidence whatsoever '' . 
  russia is trying to have yet another frozen conflict like transnistria and abkhazia , not to annex more land . 
  russia experienced the largest capital flight in its recent history right after the sanctions . 
  more than 150 $ billion gone . 
  the rubble collapsed . 
  the consumer goods are getting ridiculously expensive on the local market and a number of major projects are on hold or cancelled . 
  massive recession on top of all . 
  sure man , `` just small damage to small businesses '' . 
  absolutely is it a bad thing when a country stokes localized conflicts , frozen conflicts and civil wars in its neighbours , as well as outright annexes land in the 21st century with the premise of `` people 's self determination '' , whilst itself denying that to anyone inside russia . 
  in 2013 putin criminalised all separtism , even talk of such , inside the country , whilst in 2015 hold `` world separatists convention '' in moscow . 
  this is a very open policy of being a country that actively seeks to destabalize its neighbours and other states around the world , and you say it 's not bad ? 
  sanctions are the least it should get . 
  two mistakes : 1 . 
  that 's not `` what countries do '' , since no single european state has annexed territory from its neighbour since the end of ww2 . 
  germany does n't do that in france , spain does n't do that in portugal etc. 
  foreign interventions are a different thing , they do not annex land for that country either ( is there french province in libya now ? ), 
  and russia is doing these interventions just the same . 
  even if all of the above was true and you were correct , you still wouldn ; t make sense because you wrote `` why not ask the people of crimea '' . 
  you implied it is the people who should decide , but now say the people inside russia should n't , because it 's just `` how countries are '' . 
  just like the hypocritical russian state you too have no problem pretending you care for the people 's will when it comes to russians outside russia , but do n't want to give that same right ot those inside it . 
  cause you know that if you did far more people and regions would leave russia than join it . 
  short-term peace comes with war or negotiations . 
  long-term peace in europe comes when no precedent ever again is allowed - an automatic response is in place every single time a country takes territory from another with military means or creates a local civil war . 
  not a frantic , desperate answer , which war would be , but simply sanctions to as much of an extend as would hurt that state more than the ones imposing it . 
  abruptly stopping to buy all russian energy resources would hurt far more people in europe than in russia , so it makes no sense . 
  the sanctions on as many secondary and tetriary sectors however , spread the damage thinly around europe , not causing serious effects , but accumulate enough in russia to cause the greatest flight of capital they ' v seen in a quater century , a massive recession and a collapse of the rubble . 
  keep that until they revert to before their military intervention , and then do it to everyone any time he does something like that - this is the key to long term peace . 
  why ask the people to self-determine , when russia officially criminalised separatism and any talk of it in 2013 . 
  it is entirely illegal to even suggest russian regions secceed . 
  so if russia is considering separatism a crime and officially against it , how can the citizens of crimea be asked to separate in its favour ? 
  ah yes , cause people 's determination is only bad when within russia - perfectly fine when used to give even more land to the world 's already largest country ... fucking hypocites , do n't talk of what 's right . 
  not sure how libya or iraq are remotely comparable to russia , or their trade , sanctions , situation etc. 
  ridiculous comaprisson . 
  `` russia do n't care '' but russia also happens to have had its largest capital flight in recent history , a total collapse of the ruble , a massive recession , a budget hole that left many major projects on hold and a seriously increasing life cost for most people . 
  europe needs its gas and europe is getting it , sanctions or no sanctions . 
  `` innocent businesses '' like gasprom , the piggy bank of the russian oligarchical junta that dropped from $ 360 billion market capitalisation to $ 50 billion . 
  most of russia is made up of non-russian people too - the vast majority of syberia , central regions like tatarstan or most of the caucasus . 
  some of them fought to be independent and russia denied that , drowning the region in blood . 
  ( chechnya ) russia has no moral right to support its own separatism in neighbouring countries and take regions whilst it denies that same thing to its own ethnic minorities . 
  putin even made all talk fo separatism a crime in russia in 2013 , whilst this year they held a `` world separatist convention '' in moscow . 
  russia - the kings of hypocricy . 
  ... are more important to some people than peace in europe , is what i ' v found out on this sub . 
  we are dealing with it - with sanctions . 
  why ? 
  civ 5 had this as the poland theme without the words , so i suppose it is the closest to the actual coronation polonaise : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3zp3o7glcci the `` war version '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emcqfzllyxy, 
  everyone 's twitchy and sensitive about some things in his life . 
  just so happens westerners care little about geo-politics to be such , having led a comfortable and sheltered life these past few decades . 
  whereas it 's difficult not to be `` twitchy and sensitive '' when your grandad was in russian camp or your dad was beaten numerous times and incarcerated by russian-puppet regime for speaking up , as is the case with me and many others . 
  what 's hypocritical is you people making fun how `` twitchy and sensitive '' we are in the east about such things just because they do n't concern you as much , whilst simultaniously whining and being twitchy and sensitive about a whole lot of far less important bullshit from social and cultural issues to media and entertainment . 
  the ammount of bitching i ' v heard from my uk and belgium facebook friends about how much the new batman v superman trailer reveals is comparable to any eastern bitching about russia here , but sure , our is funny ... 
  basically almost half of europe is represented well and that 's considered `` a strong eastern bias '' . 
  some people still live with the iron courtain in mind and ca n't accept that the east is as much `` europe '' , so its proper representation is n't an `` out of the ordinary eastern bias '' . 
  what in the comments here made you say this ? 
  i ca n't see who 's disagreeing or hating on russia in this thread ? 
  i did n't mean the insult of `` french from old roots '' , that was already explained . 
  i meant the insult of the french flag and country ( `` fuck france '' ) . 
  is n't that a symbol of identity for many people , including non-white ? 
  how come are n't they eligible to sue him ? 
  how come ? 
  there are people who identify with the french flag and state . 
  there are millions in fact . 
  to them its as much a symbol of their community and group as race , religion or ethnicity is to certain minorities . 
  you ca n't insult the minorities and what their community identifies around , but you can insult the millions for whom the flag and country is a rallying symbol of identity and group ? 
  what i think and what the law says are two different things . 
  i 'm asking is n't it credible by the law to sue someone for offence or hate speech if he insults your flag and country . 
  if you can do it for insulting ethnic groups , religious minorities or races , then why is n't someone who associates with the flag and country able to sue on the same basis ? 
  but is n't he still offending the french nation by insulting the french flag and the country itself ? 
  and is n't he offending the french nation by insulting the french flag ? 
  ridiculous concept , innit ? 
  did playing command & conquer and watching rambo thought you that ? 
  that was a very stereotypical comment with little basis in it . 
  western arms manufacturers sell primarily to western armies and russian to russia . 
  one side constantly cuts its military budget , but not sallaries , resulting in less procurement - the other pumps its budget constantly , but not that much the sallaries , resulting in high procurement . 
  it 's not a simple 80s movie . 
  you do n't seem to understand . 
  the old testament was never relelvant for christianity as a doctrinal source because from the very birth of christiantity it was the religion of a guy who publicly denounced the old testament , replaced its messages with other such , and was killed for that . 
  it 's not cherry picking or later decisions , it is the very core of the religion - there was once upon a time this book the torah and those who followed it were called jews , then one such jew took it and completely revised it , for which he was killed . 
  the `` revised '' book is the new testament and it always goes hand-in-hand with the old for the sake of making sense , as otherwise people would n't know what this new testament is revising . 
  if you want christians to follow the old testament you are effectively asking them to abandon christianity and go back to judaism . 
  please , if you are going to talk about a certain religion first learn the basics . 
  `` traitorous '' how ? 
  i know , that 's not the point . 
  you seem to justify russian aggression with their ability to overpower the defence of much smaller countries in eastern europe . 
  i just asked you if it would be equally justifiable if a larger superpower destroyed you in the same way . 
  did you miss the part i explained i was n't expressing what i believe will happen , realistically , but what i believe should . 
  you keep sticking to the first one cause you do n't want to admit you do n't actually believe those armenians should have the right to self-determination . 
  why ? 
  the difference being when eastern europe is invaded by russians they want them just out , back to russia , where they came from , not `` redirected '' towards italy . 
  when southern europe is invaded by african and asian migrants their soultion is n't the same - to send them back where they came from , but to relocate them to the rest of europe . 
  two fundamentally different situations . 
  eastern europe would love to help you out with keeping your borders secure and sending all violators back . 
  in return asking to help do the same with our eastern border . 
  how 's that hypocritical ? 
  the difference being when eastern europe is invaded by russians they want them just out , back to russia , where they came from , not `` redirected '' towards italy . 
  when southern europe is invaded by african and asian migrants their soultion is n't the same - to send them back where they came from , but to relocate them to the rest of europe . 
  two fundamentally different situations . 
  eastern europe would love to help you out with keeping your borders secure and sending all violators back . 
  in return asking to help do the same with our eastern border .
