  a system is legitimate or an illegal rigging based on what it does , not on my or your opinion . 
  and yes , i do want to negate as much as possible the votes of those who do it by being paid or coherced . 
  them voting is n't democracy in the first place - they do n't make a choice , they fulfil an obligation so they will keep their work place or get 50 levs . 
  democracy is a concious , informed society chosing how it is run , not rich people buying elections . 
  if the particular circumstances of my country make proportional system favorable for the latter , then it is the less-democratic choice . 
  all is context , in this country a majoritan system will allocate more seats to the places where people do n't vote by cohercion or vote buying , but out of a citizen 's choice to participate in a democratic system . 
  hence the end result would be more mp 's chosen for their ideas rather than money . 
  which in turn breaks the back of the oligarchy and mafia . 
  a majoritarian electora system is n't rigging the system . 
  it 's not gerrymendering or voting fraud . 
  it 's an entirely legitimate option for voting systems , practiced in many countries . 
  the fact that i or someone else considers it less of a representation of the direct plurality of voters , does n't mean this is a consensus . 
  in fact , many argue for it being a more democratic option as it negates the dominance of hard-electorates , who usually consist of people with little rational decision on whom to vote and more often a blind , ingrained loyalty to a party , or as is in the case of my country - economic dependance on the parties of the local oligarchs . 
  if the end result is a more democratic representation of the overall population at the cost of the those 3 dependent hard-line voting groups , then it is the right thing to do . 
  and i 'm being very theoretic with you here , the practical side of things on the ground is that everything done to free the country from the grip of the oligarchs and mafia is a good step , no matter if doing the same in other countries would n't . 
  ( almost as if each state is a unique case of its own ), 
  which was at more than a quatre of a million , with the commonwealth big 4 taking up the majority . 
  you now claim the new government has stopped that so i just want the raw facts on that for me to update my knowledge on the situation . 
  what laws have been put in place by them to stop or severely restrict this more than quatre of a million non-eu , commonwealth majority migration . 
  you seem to take this argument very emotionally and perhaps for that reason refuse to answer any of my points , instead quoting separate words taken out of context and fight them . 
  it 's a dishonest way of debating - we are n't here to `` win '' something , so why do this ? 
  if having a talk about this historical issue is what you want , then do please go back to my post and try to address the actual points i made in their entirety , which i ' v already repeated a few times . 
  if not , and just `` winning '' is what you look for , have at it . 
  here 's my points that prove he should be called `` polish historical figure '' again , i 'll even put them in separate paragraphs , feel free to argue them in their entirety rathe than single words out of each , or do n't bother at all . 
  i have no interrest in a nationalistic banter . 
   `` you seem to put the horse before the cart - eu is the political identity of the place we all live in , `` german , french , czech '' is the identity we have based on the mother tongues we speak at home and cultures we carry . 
  `` litvin '' and `` litvak '' were the political identities of the people ( slavic or jewish ) who lived in the grand dutchy , whilst rhuthenian , polish , russian were the ethnic identities based on culture and language . '', 
   `` if you spoke rhuthenian at home and adhered to the culture you were rhuthenian , if you did polish you were a pole , but both of you were also litvin 's because you did that as slavs inside the grand dutchy . '', 
   `` there is the overreaching political identity of the people living inside the dutchy , and then the smaller , ethnic-based identity of each of them based on the culture and language they had . '', 
   `` since the dutchy no longer exists the `` litvin '' part is just historical now , no one identifies with the the way he did . 
  but since polish language and culture still exist , there are those who can claim kosciosko based on that , and that is the poles . 
  modern lithuanians and belarusians have nothing to claim kosciosko by - they do n't speak the language he did , nor identify with the state he did as `` litvins '' . '', 
   `` so what 's the connection ? 
  what does a lithuanian from somewhere in kaunas have in common with him ? 
  not the political identity as litvin , not the language , not the culture ... meanwhil , a polish person from anywhere in the world has a lot in common with him - the basics actually , language and culture . 
  so it just seems logical the poles should claim him today . '', 
  i understand , so why would they be acting this way ? 
  interesting , care to share the data that indicates this or the laws passed by the new conservative majority that specifically restrict commonwealth migration ? 
  let 's keep it to the other comment-thread . 
  i ' v answered there . 
  you seem to put the horse before the cart - eu is the political identity of the place we all live in , `` german , french , czech '' is the identity we have based on the mother tongues we speak at home and cultures we carry . 
  `` litvin '' and `` litvak '' were the political identities of the people ( slavic or jewish ) who lived in the grand dutchy , whilst rhuthenian , polish , russian were the ethnic identities based on culture and language . 
  if you spoke rhuthenian at home and adhered to the culture you were rhuthenian , if you did polish you were a pole , but both of you were also litvin 's because you did that as slavs inside the grand dutchy . 
  there is the overreaching political identity of the people living inside the dutchy , and then the smaller , ethnic-based identity of each of them based on the culture and language they had . 
  since the dutchy no longer exists the `` litvin '' part is just historical now , no one identifies with the the way he did . 
  but since polish language and culture still exist , there are those who can claim kosciosko based on that , and that is the poles . 
  modern lithuanians and belarusians have nothing to claim kosciosko by - they do n't speak the language he did , nor identify with the state he did as `` litvins '' . 
  so what 's the connection ? 
  what does a lithuanian from somewhere in kaunas have in common with him ? 
  not the political identity as litvin , not the language , not the culture ... meanwhil , a polish person from anywhere in the world has a lot in common with him - the basics actually , language and culture . 
  so it just seems logical the poles should claim him today . 
  i fail to understand what has this to do at all with the description of kadyrov above . 
  it seems you have political ( geo-political to be precise ) interest in not discrediting kadyrov , whereas this article simply mentiones facts about him and his type of authoritarianism . 
  facts are facts - you can disprove them if they are false and i very much encourage you to do that in this case cause i do n't want to be misinformed , but if you just do n't like that certain facts are mentioned because the person they address is `` useful '' for your geo-political goals then you are the biased and politically-vested one . 
  i 'm making an objective statement here , i truly have no horse in this game and would just like to know the reality on the ground there . 
  so you have problem with it being used by nazis and antisemites ? 
  which makes sense , unlike your original statement . 
  and yet you neither do stop it nor do you seem to have any social problem with that . 
  a few times more indian people moved legally to the uk in 2014 than bulgarian , yet the hysteria was all about bulgarians and how you should leave the eu because of it . 
  in the past 2 years the migration has even reversed from some eu countries like poland , whilst staying the same from commonwealth ones , yet still the voices are against eu migration , with no worries at all that aprox 2 billion people in the commonwealth 's big 4 ( india , pakistan , nigeria and bangladesh ) represent an inexhaustible source of migration towards your state that continues to flow . 
  no i mean why not just polish . 
  he was born into a family that only spoke polish and identified with polish culture . 
  he never spoke ruthenian or lithuanian , he never identified with their culture , hence he 's not part of their ethnicities or culture . 
  we also have turkish historical people born in bulgaria but do n't consider them anything but turkish and part of their history . 
  ataturk was born in thesalloniki , but greeks do n't call him `` greek-turkish '' . 
  what your mother tongue is and with what culture you identify matters , so kosciosko was just polish . 
  living in lithuania made him identify as `` litvin '' , but this is n't an ethnic term , it means any ethnicity living there and identifyin with the dutchy - ruthenians could be litvins , russians , poles etc. 
  he was one such pole . 
  from what i ' v come to understand litvin means any person of any ethnicity or culture who lived in the lithuanian dutchy and identifies with the land . 
  ethnic rhuthenians there could identify as litvins as well , ethnic poles , ethnic russians etc. 
  same as russki and rossyjski today means russian in two senses - ethnic and identifying with the state . 
  a person speaking chechen language and identifying with the culture can call himself `` rossyjski '' because he lives in russia , but is n't ethnically `` russki '' . 
  kosciosko only spoke polish and identified with polish culture , hence he was polish by all means as there 's really not other criteria for one to be part of a nation . 
  no dna or blood tests or whatever , ancestry is irrelevant when your family has for centureis adpoted the language and culture of some group . 
  he was a polish person ( meaning one who speaks polish and identifies with the culture ) living in the grand dutchy of lithuania and hence identifying with that land as `` litvin '' . 
  i have no previous knowledge on that particular newspaper and its vested interests . 
  i just read the article and what it states corresponds with previous things i ' v read on kadyrov . 
  so where was i wrong ? 
  which part of what i read above is untrue ? 
  what 's wrong with them using it ? 
  i do n't get it ? 
  something against the symbol or something against nationalism ? 
  why polish-lithuanian , is this information wrong : `` ko\u015bciuszko , however , did not speak the belarusian language ; his family had become polonized as early as the 16th century . 
  [ 21 ] like most polish-lithuanian nobility of the time , the ko\u015bciuszkos spoke polish and identified with polish culture '', 
  is this incorrect and what 's your version : `` ko\u015bciuszko , however , did not speak the belarusian language ; his family had become polonized as early as the 16th century . 
  [ 21 ] like most polish-lithuanian nobility of the time , the ko\u015bciuszkos spoke polish and identified with polish culture '', 
  millions have already entered the uk through the commonwealth , and will continue to do so as there does n't really seem to be any push towards restricting commonwealth ties , on the contrary , they want to streangthen them as they leave the eu . 
  why is no one in the uk talking of the millions of previous and future pakistani , bangladeshi , indian , nigerian etc. 
  immigrants , but poles , romanians , bulgarians and syrians are a huge scare ? 
  there 's 20 million syrians alltogether in the world , 38 million poles , 20 million romanians and barely 7 million bulgarians . 
  bangladesh alone has 140 million , pakistan 200 million , nigeria over 200 million , india over a billion - those are no problem cause they are commonwealth though ? 
  coming thanks to `` our glorious past empire '' as opposed to the `` henious eurocrats '' !, 
  how come ? 
  the constant comparisson with greece is entirely faulty . 
  bulgaria suffers from none of the indicators greece had and a similiar collapse is impossible . 
  the country has a very , very healthy macro-economy , with one of the lowest debts-to-gdp in all of europe ( 27 % ) , aboslutely none of the huge wellfare the greeks had , none of the subsidies or bloated burreaucracy with large salaries and 14 payments a year . 
  hence why the country 's population is also considerably poorer - price for a healthy economy and stability when you ' r not yet developped . 
  but in the end the country simply has no weight on the budget or the economy like in greece , no debt to default to , and a good export and tourism to bolster what little is carried by the state . 
  ( greece has a labour force of 4,811,049 and $ 237.970 billion gdp = $ 27.2 billion exports ; bulgaria has only 3,533 million labour force and barely $ 57.6 billion gdp = $ 29.25 billion exports ) you just ca n't compare the health of the two economies , they are diametrically opposite . 
  one has a good life for its citizens paid for by an unstable economy , the other has a very stable economy paid for by poor life quality for its citizens .
