  perhaps keeping the ban and extending it to what the us had during the cold war would ' v saved you all the recent trouble . 
  how so ? 
  the serbs , the greeks , the romanians , the bulgarians - all from the occupation of the turks , as are the kurds today , so quite relevant examples . 
  outside of that , the polish , the us , the irish , the dutch , the pakistani , the bangladeshi , south sudan and many more . 
  they can live , love , be a family as much as anyone else . 
  they ca n't have a burreucratic status reocgnised for the sake of encouraging population growth , and it 's suddenly `` tyranny '' !, 
   defeat for humanity oh how melodramatic . 
  `` humanity hath been defeated in this most vile of events ! '', 
  there are laws in place for a lot of very rare things . 
  it 's the point that matters , and for the state not to have double standards . 
  once again you ignore the essence of my reply and just pick something small to latch on to . 
  you 're not even trying to argue or hide you 'll blindly defend russia and putin for the mere sake of it , regardless if they are in the right or not . 
  it makes any further discussion predictable and boring . 
  come back when you 're ready to have an actual debate on the russian actions in ukraine and their sanctions . 
  many mistakes were made in history . 
  the problem is when they are corrected with military action that violates all international laws and even the guarantees given by the state directly . 
  if this becomes the norm in international relations we will bring back warfare as something common . 
  you must be intelligent enough to see that . 
  the sanctions are there to protest not the specific case , few people really care where crimea is , but to prevent this type of `` correcting '' history from becoming normal again . 
  few countries on earth are homogeneus and hold no land that could be considered `` a mistake '' by its ethnic population or neighbouring country . 
  a world without war is a world where such mistakes and issues are solved through diplomacy , not by using the temporary weakness of a state to send your army and occupy land you deem yours . 
  the problem with russia is n't that it took land that has russians on it , it 's that it selfishly wrecks the idea of achieving a world without the petty wars for land of the past , and acts like an entitled little child that wants to be noticed once more , even if it costs going back in history , rather than forward . 
  this most certainly deserves sanctions . 
  the us has an important military presence in many countries , say germany for one . 
  if political change there threatens these interrests they have the right to defend them by invading and annexing certain parts of it ? 
  and you will be ok with that , i 'm sure . 
  totally not whining and crying to heaven about us aggression , right ? 
  stop being hypocritical . 
  russia can fuck off with its meddling in eastern europe . 
  300 years of their aggression is enough . 
  poles have no problem with that . 
  i know , i 'm one . 
  what what ? 
  no , and that 's the funniest part . 
  they are aware of being slavs ( after all they speak a slavic language - southern bulgarian ) , and open about it , but at the same time claim to be ancient macedonians as well , despite those not being slavs . 
  when i ' v asked fyromian people what language `` their ancestor '' alexander the great spoke they just say `` macedonian '' . 
  some do n't elaborate if `` ancient greek-macedonian '' or not , others outright claim he spoke what they speak today . 
  truly , the yugoslavs cooked one hella unique mess of a `` nation '' from our little western province they took . 
  at least it 's a source of endless hilarity . 
  my question was n't how many of them would protest this , but whether the protest of any of them would be reasonable objection to cultural and historical theft , or `` beyond childish '' , as you described the same attitude towards macedonia 's theft . 
  and you knew that as well , but again chose to dance around the point . 
  this entire thread has shown you as utterly incapable of adult debating . 
  stop dancing around the fucking point . 
  it ; s clear you understand the point but refuse to adress it . 
  if poles called themselves japanese and claimed the samurai , oda nobunaga and katana 's as their own , the ensuing protest from japan would n't be `` beyond childish '' , would it smartass ? 
   yeah , whats wrong with these bulgarians not wanting to be called bulgarians ? 
  dunno mate , been asking myself this . 
  it has only existed since end of yugoslav times , 25 years of history , not ottoman times . 
  `` ethnic macedonians '' lol, 
  you can have a third of it , as long as you leave our medieval capital ohrid . 
  the same thing russia did in my country to prevent the referendum on the electronic voting , which would ' v kicked their cronies from our parliament - bribe politicians , leverage them , media campaign - all the dirty tricks of kremlin 's hybrid warfare . 
  `` western bulgaria '' ? 
  what you write above has literary nothing to do with what i wrote or your posts beforehand . 
  i explained to you clearly how in a competition two sides should adhere to the same rules , and when one does n't - so should the other . 
  nato should only expand its influence over certain countries democratically , if russia is also doing this democratically . 
  if russia is expanding non-democratically , as it does , why should nato limit itself and not do the same ? 
  there are `` different sides '' to chose from in military alliances only if there is an ongoing competition/rivalry of some sort . 
  and if such is being played out right now i believe both sides should be bound by the same rules . 
  if one side negates certain rules , so should the other . 
  if russia doesn ' ask the people of my country for example if we want to be intrinsicly tied economically and politically with moscow , but just sends its oligarchs and buys politicians here to do it without democratic consent , then nato should do the same in montenegro . 
  a fair game . 
  otherwise one side is always bound to win , as clauzewitz described in the laws of reciprocity in warfare . 
  i am very much against geo-political struggles being rigged when one side has zero democratic processes to halt or restrict its actions , whilst the other does . 
  and the former highly supports those demoratic processes in the latter for that exact purpose , whilst avoiding such at home . 
  the country that offends the one role-playing the most ? 
  so which one is it ? 
  `` realpolitik '' of states or `` people 's right to self determination '' ? 
  you ca n't have both , yet first you commented on crimea annexation being nothing wrong or worthy of sanctions because it is merely `` people 's right to self determination '' , but once confronted with this same right completely non-existant in russia you revert to `` well it 's just realpolitik , states want to take regions to give them up '' . 
  you try to make a statement why sanctions on russia are not needed , since it 's not doing anything wrong due to people 's self determination , yet now you admit it 's actually just a state doing realpolitik and expanding the traditional `` land grab '' way , which is normal . 
  well , in 21st century europe we try to make it not-normal , hence the sanctions . 
  they are there to make a statement , that such further actions by anyone would always result in bad consequences , and since you ' v now agreed it is but the action of a typical 19th century realpolitik expansion mindset , you should agree with me those sanctions make perfect sense . 
  i ' v never heard this particular saying in my entire life , but what 's popular in bulgaria is `` the vlachs drown at the end of the danube '' , meaning to quit something at its very end . 
  according to historians it 's a very recent saying , born at the battle of tutrakan in 1916 , when after the fortress was captured some of the romanians ran to the danube and were shot in the water by their own fortress guns turned . 
  so basically they died pointlessly after the battle was already over , hence to quit or fail something at its very end is like when `` the vlachs drown at the end of the danube '' . 
  since i ' v confronted this typical soviet tactic of arguing - writing grand statements , receiving full arguments about their statements but then ignoring the ones they ca n't answer and only pick and choose separate words to hook onto , i will not bite this time and insist on you answering all my points , same as i answered yours . 
  otherwise we can conclude you are n't serious about your positions here if you are obviously unwilling ot debate their entirety , and finish this conversation . 
  so , once again , this is my answer and the points i made towards your statement , answer it entirely or none , do n't take separate words out of context and think you ' v made a point :  why ask the people to self-determine , when russia officially criminalised separatism and any talk of it in 2013 . 
  it is entirely illegal to even suggest russian regions secceed . 
  so if russia is considering separatism a crime and officially against it , how can the citizens of crimea be asked to separate in its favour ? 
  ah yes , cause people 's determination is only bad when within russia - perfectly fine when used to give even more land to the world 's already largest country ... fucking hypocites , do n't talk of what 's right . 
  `` usa interests '' ? 
  avoiding future wars in europe is `` usa 's interest '' , not europe 's ? 
  punishing land grabs in europe is `` usa 's interest '' , not europe 's ? 
  protecting smaller european neighbours of russia from a perpetually encraoching russia is `` usa 's interest '' , not europe 's ? 
  people like you blindly see usa ( or jews , or masons , or the reptilians ) in every shadow , to the point of not recognising their own interest , if it also happens to be usa 's . 
  it is europe 's interrest more than anyone to punish any state that breaks the peace in europe or annexes land from its neighbours . 
  especially the only one to do so since the second world war , or the one that has already created two frozen conflicts in transnistria and abkhazia , now doing it in donbas . 
  because from the first day of existence as sovereign states of the ukrainian republic and the russian federation , the former had crimea , and the latter recognised this , together with the entire international community and all international laws . 
  in fact , the russian federation even became a guarantor of ukraine 's territorial integrity , in return for all nuclear weapons there . 
  the operation they launched last year , which included a military invasion with helicopters dropping regular russian soldiers without their insignia to take all key governmental buildings and keep any remaining ukrainian forces inside their bases and on their ships , was a text-book breach of international law and purely an old-school land-grab . 
  such actions itself have no excuse , had crimea even had 140 % pure russian population . 
  demographics ca n't be an excuse for aggressive military actions or land-grabs , even if we forget that the demographics of crimea were forcefully shaped in the late 40s and 50s by the ussr deporting the native tatar population and colonising it with ethnic russians over the course of the cold war . 
  no need to write the exact same first sentence twice . 
  the sanctions have a negligible effect on european economy and even farmers in very poor countries like mine managed to completely redirect to other markets , in our case serbia . 
  denmark is certainly not experiencing a severe economic downturn , nor are the overall danish farmers . 
  if you ' r girflriend 's father is , then i 'm sory he 's found himself in this tiny minority . 
  a minority too small for us to neglect something as important as peace and expansionism in europe over it . 
  `` ukraine '' did not exist as a sovereign state after or before ww2 . 
  you know that very well though and are trying to be edgy , so do n't bother . 
  i apologize , i did n't what you ' r trying to say .
