  most people do n't know it . 
  the brainwashing here was so severe most people have no idea of the continuous anti-bulgarian policy russia has had since the russo-turkish war of 1878 and after their occupation of us in 1944 . 
  yes . 
  then those aspects of life should be covered by a union , civil for example . 
  but when it comes to all else , the tax exhempts and various financial priviliges marriage should either be removed as to not discriminate against single or unmarried people , or reformed into a form of governmental incentive for birthright , granting it only to people who can and want to have children . 
  bulgaria 's history is also predisposed to that , with russia trying to turn it from an ottoman province into a russian province , but bulgarians inexplicably like russia . 
  ( kinda understandable after 45 years of communist brainwashing ), 
  why do romanians have such a negative opinion of russia and how can i make that happen here ? 
  i 'm effectively telling homosexuals who want to marry that i am against anyone being given that right unless he wants and can raise children , cause otherwise i see it as unnecessary government spending for people that just decided to be together . 
  if i were to support gay marriage i would be breaking my position against its current form for the sake of making a political statement about equality . 
  i ca n't support equality in an institution i disagree with , or else i 'm validating that institution . 
  i thought we were bros. :(, 
  and people in italy , spain , britain , germany and holand do n't ? 
  seriosuly , i ' v met so many of them at uni in the uk and belgium who associated romania and bulgaria with gypsies that it 's laughable you 'd single out the poles . 
  it does n't , that 's why i asked you why you consider marriage a right . 
  marriage is when two people sign a document in front of the state that grants them a legal status entitled to tax exhempts and various priviliges . 
  the state effectively makes an investment into these two people when they sign to be part of this legal status . 
  why is that ? 
  why do these two people get such `` subsidies '' through the tax system at the expense of those who are n't married ? 
  what is the state incentivising this way , what is it investing in and why should it be considered a right ? 
   dictator wannabe and his xix century nationalistic policies this is n't the language of rational political discourse . 
  i got penalised at a debate when in university for using less of a dramatic overtones . 
  it 's considered very much part of the populist and generally lower-level education/discourse . 
  the kind you described the pis voters as , so that 's why i drew the parallel . 
  so i have the right to farmers ' subsidies if i 'm not a farmer ? 
  equal rights and all ? 
  but if i object to this system being in place at all - people getting tax money out of my pocket for no other reason than because they love each other , it 's entirely logical for me to oppose the exapnsion of this system to even more people . 
  when you want something removed or reformed because you find its current state harmful , the logical thing is for you to oppose any expansion of that wrong system , until you can make the proper changes to it . 
  i 'm already paying for a bunch of people through my tax money just cause they love each other and decided to be together even if they want no children , now with the wave of gay rights i have to pay to even more ? 
  of course i 'll oppose that and it does ' t make me the bible thumping homophobe nazi that college liberals love to straw men so they can feel like the good guys in a martin-luther-king style `` civil liberties '' battle . 
  i see you being from the kind that just loves the feeling of confronting the `` straw men '' you ' v built in your head about things you do n't agree with , and telling him all the little phrases you ; v rehearsed in your head over and over again to make you feel good , smart and progressive . 
  sorry to dissapoint you , i give zero fucks who marries whom , who is gay or is n't , who choses a man or a woman etc. 
  all the made up bullshit about kids or medieval reasoning is what you desperately want the boogeyman you ' v created in your head to believe . 
  what i actually believe is that marriage is a financial , legal institution that costs the state money in the form of tax incentives . 
  it therefore ought to serve a social purpose , which at the moment it does n't . 
  anyone can make a family with someone else , lvie with him and love each other without the state approving it and giving them a document , which is what marriage atm is . 
  so for us to invest money in an institution like this it should have practical , real effects on society . 
  why am paying for a couple of people to get tax incentives just because they decided to be together ? 
  heteresexual or homosexual , either way ? 
  no , i have no stake in this discussion and care little about the parties . 
  but the particular comparisson was appropriate because it involved things that the nazis actually did do , rather than a hollow aversion to them with the sole purpose of discrediting one side , which is what godwin 's law is about . 
  if , say , i do n't like vegetarians and say many nazis were such in a debate against vegetarianism that would be godwin 's law - the comparisson is irrelevant , merely a correlation . 
  but when you argue politics and actions taken to censor media or parties , then a comparisson with the nazis is entirely relevant , so invoking godwin 's law is n't . 
  i did not object to your criticism of pis , or to your statement their voters are on average less educated or even less intelligent . 
  i have no stake in this debate and do not support either side . 
  i just commented , that even if you are right and non-pis voters are on average more intelligent and educated , you in particular do n't seem to be such yourself despite being part of their political group , as evident by you demonstrating a type of reasoning ( emotional , irrational , populist overexaggeration ) associated with less-educated and intelligent people . 
  you admitting right now that pis `` are masters '' in populist exaggerations - the same thing you did , kinda makes you admit you did what the people you claim are stupid do . 
  so do n't argue with me on the political part of this , i do n't care , i just point out to what caught my eye - someone accusing his political opponents of lower-level intelligence/education whilst simultaniously demonstrating traits of the same . 
  a bit of irony that i found interresting , that 's all , keep on with your pis discussion . 
  please learn what godwin 's law is and do n't invoke it every time you hear the nazis . 
  `` although falling foul of godwin 's law tends to cause the individual making the comparison to lose his argument or credibility , godwin 's law itself can be abused as a distraction , diversion or even as censorship , fallaciously miscasting an opponent 's argument as hyperbole when the comparisons made by the argument are actually appropriate . '', 
  invoking godwin 's law when an appropriate comparisson with hitler was made = you lose . 
  `` although falling foul of godwin 's law tends to cause the individual making the comparison to lose his argument or credibility , godwin 's law itself can be abused as a distraction , diversion or even as censorship , fallaciously miscasting an opponent 's argument as hyperbole when the comparisons made by the argument are actually appropriate . '', 
  considering the kind of emotional and populist exaggeration you just wrote above , one akin to the lowest intellectual strata and usually seen from people without a good education , i 'd say you ' r contradicting yourself . 
  i admit it being a discrimination if marriage is nothing but the state validating a couple 's love for each other ( despite all the downvotes pointing to butthurts thinking i do n't see it as such ) . 
  my point is that it simply should n't be such a validation , as it makes zero sense . 
  in which regard marriage not only should n't be granted to homosexual couples who do n't want to or ca n't make kids , but it should furthermore be restricted to only those with the ability and desire to make children , so as to actually serve a social purpose other than a pointless burreaucratic intrusion into who spends his life with whom , or to invest tax money in the form of incentives for nothing more than encouraging ... love i suppose ? 
  if the marriage institution will exist and cost us all money in the form of tax incentives ( as it does ) i want it to serve a social purpose that benefits us all , which increasing the birth rate is ( particurarly in the demographically catastrophic countries of e.europe ) . 
  not some special status for those who found partners in life , meanwhile having single people pay for the love life of those that are merely together , even if they make no kids . 
  tell me what the purpose of that is or how it is n't discriminatory ? 
  you come from the premise that marriage is a legally reconginsed relationship , for the sake of the relationship . 
  two people want to be together , they go to the state and get a legal recognision of their relationship . 
  in that case it makes sense for gays to get it too , as they can be as much in a relationship as anyone else . 
  the problem i see here however is the nature of marriage . 
  what is it and what 's the purpose of the state having such an institution . 
  if put as above , merely the state legalising a relationship between two people , it kinda makes no sense other than , i guess , support love ? 
  i mean why ca n't two people be together , love each other their entire lifes , without a state issuing a document about it ? 
  in fact , why would anyone want the government burreaucracy into such a relationship ? 
  perhaps the answer is because the state also grants certain priviliges to such people over those who are single . 
  certain tax exhempts and other stuff . 
  but then this brings the question - why ? 
  why does the state practically invest in such unions ? 
  is n't this discrimination against single people ? 
  well , the answer i can find makes onyl sense is that the state does it to support population growth . 
  it does it to encourage people to come together , make kids , and then stay together and raise them . 
  if you take the kids out of this equation it turns out the state merely invests in people 's love for one another , which makes no sense . 
  it must be for kids that the state ( not social ! ), 
  institution of marriage and all of its priviliges exists . 
  in which case this becomes , from a state point of view , a special administrative status granted to people for the purpose of encouraging them to reproduce . 
  thus logically it should only be granted to those who can reproduce in the first place . 
  not only does that exclude homosexuals ( unless you also legalise gay adoption ) , but also people who ca n't or do n't want to have children . 
  it 's not `` a right '' - they all have the right to be couples and families and share their lives together . 
  it 's a special governmental incentive . 
  and for such incentives there are naturally only certain groups that are targeted . 
  the state incetives for farming only include farmers , it 's not discrimination that i , as a programmer , ca n't get the status of a farmer and all incentives and tax breaks that come with it . 
  it just is n't meant for me . 
  same with marriage - it 's a legal institution the state keeps to incentivise making kids by bonding two people who can make children legally together and giving them certain priviliges . 
  if i ca n't or do n't want to make kids i just should n't be given access to this legal institution , and that would n't be discrimination , as i will still have all the right in the world to be wih whomever i wanted to be with . 
  precisely - a country has a set of laws defining what groups have what rights and obligation , what institutions are aimed at what groups and what government incentives have what social purpose . 
  who defines all of these though ? 
  who puts the laws in the first place ? 
  a government on its own , or the people through a referendum ? 
  i say for smaller , rather insignificant ones it should be managed by a government , but for larger , more important issues and substantial social groups , as are homosexual people - it should be addressed with a bit more respect and given to the sovereign , which in a democracy is the people , not the government . 
  and if you are afraid the sovereign , that is the people , could violate the rights of minorities , then this questions the entire premise of democracy and the people as a sovereign of a state . 
  which is the road to dictatorship , of either political leanings . 
  so why did russia cite no objections with the elections and expressed , together with the international community , content into how they were held ? 
  every single person belongs to some kind of minority based on different factors . 
  yet it 's precisely through voting we determin what 's a `` right '' and what is n't . 
  anything else would be political groups dictating their will on society , which works both ways . 
  if you agree a referendum is n't needed , just the political will , then do n't be surprised if a conservative government in the future repeals this or imposes something you do n't agree with by its own accord .
