  the hope we are still a nation and not a collective of apathetic workers . 
  then protest when this happens the engagement of your country in that proxy war . 
  do n't protest the very idea of serving your country . 
  you ' r mixing two different things . 
  might as well ask me `` why pay taxes '' at all , if they are often used in the wrong way . 
  it 's a logical fallacy . 
  wow , 28th and last in wealth , 6th in opera performances . 
  bulgaria actually surprised me for once . 
  thank you for proving my point . 
  we need compulsory military service to weed out the 5th column elements who would betray the country in times of need `` for a better deal '' elsewhere . 
  a military service would make your kind move elsewhere , making sure the nation can actually rely upon those left . 
  yes , it is `` unpatriotic '' and yes , you should leave if the country to you is merely something akin to real estate you use to live on , rather than something you 'd fight to defend . 
  apathy in all matters is growing into a bigger problem for europe than islam , radicalism or anything else . 
  the ultimate nemenazis . 
  good to know . 
  what do you use ? 
  i was perfectly chill , making jokes an all until you took it seriously and started lecturing me on where the balkans are . 
  this reminds me of the instances someone comes and pisses you off but as soon as you talk back he goes all `` relax man , relax '' . 
  proper infuriating . 
  that 's only one definition of the balkans and the peninsula . 
  you are saying it as if it 's a done deal , a fact with no debate , when in reality there are numerous interpretations of what the balkans is and where the peninsula stretches . 
  there are far more definitions that include slovenia than the ones excluding it . 
  but if it 's such a vital factor in how you guys feel about yourselves i have no problem if you were to claim you ' r part of scandinavia for all i care . 
  does n't a river run through ljubljana that marks the border of the balkans ? 
  serbs quick to defend their mother-ship by employing old-school whataboutism . 
  ahhh , never change srbe . 
  i pointed out to how dumb it is to dismiss arguments against any state with `` yeah , yeah i know , you hate x now ... blah blah '' . 
  you make arguments about israel but i can just dismiss them like you did with russia this way , and it rightfully annoys you . 
  so you can see how annoying and dumb you yourself sounded when doing that with russia . 
  the last parahraph of yours sounds like a frustrated 13 year-old . 
  bre ( serbo-croat ) and be ( bulg . ), 
  is a linguistical exclamation typical of the south slavs . 
  in england . 
  same exact thing we get from a nato base in any other country . 
  that 's not the point - the point is nato should be able to move its bases to whichever member state it so wishes , without shivering at the thought what a 3rd party might think about it . 
  russia has a feeling it is somewhat entitled to eastern europe and a zone of influence there , which it is n't . 
  moving nato troops and bases freely around it is the way to show it that it does n't . 
  people like you , who a concerned with what russia might think are basically passively agreeing that eastern europe indeed is , somewhat , a russian zone of influence it has `` a say on '' . 
  thus we , here in eastern europe , have the right to consider you unloyal allies and be afraid of another western backstab . 
  both the russians and your type of russia-appeasing westerners must learn east.eur . 
  countries are as much sovereign as russia or germany and have all the right in the world to do inside their borders whatever they so please . 
  no more has russia the right to tell estonia what bases to have on its territory than estonia has russia . 
  your disagreement with that logic here is a disgusting appeasement of the kremlin either out of a lack of balls or , as i wrote , due to commong german-russian economical interrests - i.e. 
  you are ready to allow russia a say in eastern europe and compromise our sovereignty for the sake of a gain . 
  oh no , gender now can into balkans , how long before it infiltrates macho bulg-serb-mac heartland of bre !, 
  when did the germans become such passive pussies , constantly worrying what russia will do or say ? 
  a nato country has the right to have nato troops in it , period . 
  russia can do fuck all about that and has no right to have a say if it is germany or estonia that houses nato bases . 
  you worrying about what russia will feel about entirely normal nato movement of troops in its own countries is either extreme lack of balls or just a calculated appeasement of russia so you can have your trade and energy deals with them . 
  despite being a far richer country the netherlands uses more coal per capita and emits more greenhouse gases per capita than poland . 
  yet you expect a far poorer country to sacrifice its economy for the sake of expensive diversification despite the far richer dutch not having done it ? 
  what kind of idiotic hypocrisy is that ? 
  big picture dude , the russian invasions of eastern countries , their creation of frozen conflicts , their annexation , their provocations towards nato , their hybrid media warfare , their bought politicians and parties in countries like mine , their gas monopoly , their revanchist/ultra nationalist new wave of jingoism - all this makes them far bigger problem for eastern europeans like the guy you replied to than turkey or isis . 
  see how stupid we can delude a topic when ignore something particular for the sake of `` the big picture '' ? 
  remember your dismisive arguments on most posts above `` yeah i know , you hate russia , blah blah your opinion does n't count '' ? 
  well ... yeah , you hate israel , we see that , shush now ... 
  yes . 
  as long as you do n't act upon it , you ' r perfectly fine to advocate it . 
  that applies to everything , at least in a free society . 
  we did n't suffer 45 years of totalitarianism to now have new censorship imposed upon us by delusional western leftists . 
  one is responsible for what he speaks and where - it 's no one 's fault but yours if you get fired because you made offensive jokes to your boss , or if you get beaten because you were offending a bunch of skinheads . 
  state-imposed censorship does n't lower the number of skinheads or protect people from them , it merely infringes on people 's rights . 
  i have all the right to be offensive in my views and express that , you have all the right to get offended and take personal action against me that is legal - fire me if i 'm your employee or not speak to me if we 're friends . 
  but you have no right to use the law to shut people up for not liking what their views are . 
  we had enough of this behind the iron curtain so it disgusts me you people are pushing for what we escaped from . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with that . 
  i do n't base my self-worth on other people 's statements . 
  it 's a skill you acquire when you grow up in a non-sheltered environment free from an over-reaching protection of criticism and offense . 
  [ long ] ( http://articles.latimes.com/2011/jun/12/entertainment/la-ca-bleeping-20110612 ) [ short ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2kkmlqkokbq ), 
  neither of these is a prevelant attitude here . 
  your insistance of protraying them as such betrays your belonging to the pro-russia/screw eastern europe portion of german society . 
  there 's zero chance of nuclear states or alliances going to war with each other , especially capitalist ones with the elites ' money and families of one side residing in the other . 
  putin 's own daughter lives in a nato country and most of his cronies ' money is in london . 
  the panick after incidents like this truly annoys me - people must realize `` world war 3 '' is not a possibility at any point in the current geo-political structure , even if an entire fucking aircraft carrier were to be sunk . 
  so which of the concerns central europeans here express would you classify as `` idiotic nationalism '' ? 
  supporting sancions on russia ? 
  closer military co-operation ? 
  those are the main things i see , maybe you ' v seen more . 
  not necessarily , since you forget the south slavs - ski and ov/ev are quite common among bulgarians as well . 
  ski i ' v also seen in serbia often . 
  if one has ow in poland he might as well have old bulgarian roots , not necesarily russian , especially considering bulgaria and bulgarian are quite older than russia . 
  once again , `` national inferiority complexes '' - a buzzword to dismiss the concerns of , say , the baltics , towards a russia that just recently annexed land and stoked war in a neighbouring country . 
  perhaps we can also call german concerns over pegida `` butthurt over ww2 '' , or the other germans ' concerns towards refugees `` inferiority complex towards more homogeneus nations '' ? 
  but naturally , then we 'd be accused of poor taste and blind dismissal , whereas central europe 's woes can be laughted at by arrogant germans annoyed at an interrupted business with russia . 
  the second bulgarian empire restored !, 
  not really . 
  western europe ( specially the uk ) [ has much more of it ] ( http://www.viewsoftheworld.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/europeincomesharemaps.jpg ) . 
  it think the perception of poverty used here is the one in w.europe . 
  in terms of the eastern countries ' standards , certainly none have +50 % risk of poverty . 
  in bulgaria 20 % are reported by the national statistical agency , which uses local purchasing parity and living costs . 
  `` butthurt '' is a great word to just dismiss someone 's concerns the easy/sarcastic way , regardless if they are well-founded or not . 
  a country that censors `` almost religiously '' any swearing , even mild , on tv , to the point you can see a man 's head blown off in a tv show but have the word `` fucking '' censored . 
  how 's that `` love of free speech '' ? 
  unless it 's against social groups , like `` the bankers '' , or `` the burgeoisie '' , or `` the police '' - then fuck em ' , those stealing , oppressive defenders of capitalism and `` the establishment '' , right ? 
  let 's be honest , `` hate speech '' laws are tailored to shut the right , but give free reign for offense and inciting hatred to the left . 
  you do censor basically any swearing on tv though , and i mean words like `` fuck '' in a tv series with blood and gore . 
  that alone should put you a bit below countries where you can say pretty much anything you want on tv . 
  catholicism and the popes are regurarly ridiculed or discussed , i ' v seen shows quite often on tv . 
  `` regime '' , lol . 
  2edgy4me m8 .
