  why does the state decide to give certain people , just because they are together , tax breaks and other incentives ? 
  whereas a person living alone his whole life does n't get that . 
  what is the practical purpose that states started doing these things ? 
  it 's a policy after all , with financial consequences , it must serve a practical , state-related purpose as all policies do other than `` it 's right '' . 
  which by the way it is n't , nothing `` right '' in giving people priviliges and tax breaks because they are a couple . 
  go ahead , tell me that state-related purpose marriage comes from as an institution . 
  your culture and society was already distoreted by you - the leftists . 
  what purpose does the institution fo marriage serve ? 
  ah yes , the `` you ' r not qualified to know '' argument of the kinder-garten . 
  i had to read him for my ba in history , a lot actually , but if i disagree with his writings i am automatically either uneducated or a `` fascist '' to fanboys like you . 
  pathetic . 
  marx was openly advocating violence , dictatorship , political oppression and pretty much anything that would achieve a socialist society . 
  there were no boundaries , moral or legal , to what he wanted to achieve and he was pretty adamant about it : * '' [ the working class ] must act in such a manner that the revolutionary excitement does not collapse immediately after the victory . 
  on the contrary , they must maintain it as long as possible . 
  far from opposing so-called excesses , such as sacrificing to popular revenge of hated individuals or public buildings to which hateful memories are attached , such deeds must not only be tolerated , but their direction must be taken in hand , for examples ' sake . 
  '' * karl marx , address to the communist league ( 1850 ) . 
  cited in e. burns ( ed . 
  ) , a handbook of marxism ( 1935 ) , p. 66 or 135ff . 
  * `` democracy is of great importance for the working class in its struggle for freedom against the capitalists . 
  but democracy is by no means a limit one may not overstep ; it is only one of the stages in the course of development from feudalism to capitalism , and from capitalism , to communism . 
  '' * from karl marx , the state and revolution , p. 77 . 
  cited in e. burns ( ed . 
  ) , a handbook of marxism ( 1935 ) , p. 756 . 
  * `` from the first moment of victory , we must no longer direct our distrust against the beaten reactionary enemy , but against our former allies ( i.e. , democratic forces ) . 
  '' * * `` communists disdain to conceal their views and aims . 
  they openly declare that their ends can only be attained by the forcible overthrow of all existing social conditions ( e.g. 
  bourgeois democracy ) . 
  '' * from karl marx and friedrich engels , the communist manifesto , conclusion . 
  * `` the communists support everywhere every revolutionary movement against the existing social and political order ( e.g. 
  including in established democracies ) . 
  '' * from karl marx and friedrich engels , the communist manifesto , conclusion . 
  * `` the immediate aim of the communists is the ... conquest of political power by the proletariat . 
  '' * from karl marx and friedrich engels , the communist manifesto . 
  cited in e. burns ( ed . 
  ) , a handbook of marxism ( 1935 ) , p. 37 . 
  * `` the arming of the whole proletariat with rifles , guns , and ammunition should be carried out at once [ and ] the workers must ... organize themselves into an independent guard , with their own chiefs and general staff . 
  ... [ the aim is ] that the bourgeois democratic government not only immediately loses all backing among the workers , but from the commencement finds itself under the supervision and threats of authorities behind whom stands the entire mass of the working class . 
  ... as soon as the new government is established they will commence to fight the workers . 
  in order that this party ( i.e. , the democrats ) whose betrayal of the workers will begin with the first hour of victory , should be frustrated in its nefarious work , it is necessary to organize and arm the proletariat . 
  '' * from karl marx , address to the communist league ( 1850 ) . 
  cited in e. burns ( ed . 
  ) , a handbook of marxism ( 1935 ) , p. 67 . 
  marx directly advocated the `` terror of the proletariat dictatorship '' and that certain social groups have to be eradicated for the revolution to succeed . 
  not even mentioning the fact his proposed system is among the most socially unjust ones i can think of . 
  the idea of `` from each according to his abilities , to each according to his need '' is the epitome of social injustice . 
  adam smith did n't advocate directly the capitalist genocide of the belgians in congo . 
  marx however directly advocated the `` terror of the proletariat dictatorship '' and that certain social groups have to be destroyed for the revolution to succeed . 
  oh the joy !, 
  / s should we be digging trenches in thrace now ? 
  last time we were the first target . 
  to us , you ' r `` the progressives '' with your fancy 21 % . 
  it was created 700 years ago , and had only 1 religion at the time . 
  the bulgarian troll sarmatae should try harder . 
  it 's pretty pathetic how you linger 90 % in r/europe just to post some soviet-era bullshit about the westerners you hate so much . 
  sprinkled here and there with some pro-russian sewege your politburreau grand-dad used to tell you . 
  why not go to r/russia and be with your own kind instead ? 
  that sounded really butthurt and pathetic . 
  like a sad little man-child trying to be offensive cause someone said something mean about his fav holliday . 
  you asked continentals about the holliday , but ca n't take a negative answer without sulking like a 5-year old ? 
  grow up . 
  i ' v told you what it lost and keeps loosing , you are ready to make the calculations for what it gets but not to research how much germany 's ( primarily ) enormous trade surplus hurts both polish and other economies , how much of their industry and retail goes bankrupt once established western corporations are allowed free and priviliged access to those markets due to the eu and how much the brain and labour drain deprives the state of because of the free movement . 
  make the same effort to researching the figures there and come talk again . 
  and do n't just take the example of the highest recipient poland - other e.european states get marginal contributions compared yet suffer equally strong fallout of the free market monopolizing their economies . 
  horrible . 
  i would n't live anywhere else . 
  or , you know , they ' v seen the effects of socialists rule in the likes of greece , spain , bulgaria ... 
  nope , it has been solved that public control of the means of production ( socialism ) is a failure . 
  what the right and best way to go is is still up for debate . 
  a country where the vast majority is catholic has catholic symbols in schools and religion classes . 
  shocking . 
  sorry that you do n't fit into your own society , but that 's not an excuse to mess up the term theocracy and use it to overdramatize how horrible it is a country with 90 % catholics has n't dropped all symbols of it to suit the 10 % non-catholics like you . 
  tough luck , it 's called democracy and it 's not always great for everyone . 
  i suggest emigrating to estonia or the czech republic . 
  the oxford english dictionary has this definition on theocracy : * a form of government in which god ( or a deity ) is recognized as the king or immediate ruler , and his laws are taken as the statute-book of the kingdom , these laws being usually administered by a priestly order as his ministers and agents ; hence ( loosely ) a system of government by a sacerdotal order , claiming a divine commission ; also , a state so governed . 
  * for a modern version of the above look at saudi arabia ( beheading adulterers ) , iran ( moral police on the streets ) or the islamic state . 
  and then tell me which of these and the definition above does poland come even remotely close to for someone like you to overdramatize . 
  drama queen much ? 
  what the hell hapaned there ? 
  it was just fine last time i saw it . 
  what was wrong with the comments ? 
   of course i can attack them , i have done so . 
  again , if you only see my posts as `` derailing '' and ignore the actual point i made , i ca n't help you . 
  i apologize if that 's true . 
  care to copy me the part where you directly addressed how incentivising the fertility rates will have a negative result ? 
  and what you propose to be done instead for the horrendeus ageing here ? 
  if i ' v ignored these points , i 'm sorry , will take a good look as soon as you point towards them . 
   oh , total relativism . 
  `` we ca n't know anything '' , then propose a definite course anyway . 
  such a novel idea . 
  did not understand this one bit . 
  you continue to be vague and rather imply than write clearly , constructively and in a structured manner what exactly you are trying to defend here . 
  all i hear is quite snarky response witha vague taste of my aunt bad-mouthing the neighbours . 
   if you choose to ignore what i said about that , i ca n't help you . 
  i choose to ignore you derailing the topic into a number of other examples about right-wing politics you disagree with in a pathetic attempt to run away from your initial disagreement with the fertility rate incentives , which you now realize you ca n't objectively attack in the cotext of e.europe 's ageing crisis , without sounding like a fanatic ready to see societies crash under their ageing if it means preventing the right having a positive policy in place . 
   okay . 
  maybe i am . 
  so tell me about all those times when right wingers were actually right about something . 
  it is n't statistically probable for one of the major political currents , whicheve , to have not had a single positive or correct action or policy in the last 200 years . 
  even strongly leaning one way people realize it and agree with at the very least some sides of the opposite . 
  when a person ca n't possibly see a single such thing he should stop for a second and think what 's wrong - is he so radically blind he has started automatically dismissing stuff just because they come from his political enemies , or is he simply not educated enough on political history .
