  the place that still meddles directly in our politics , spreads corruption and pays off entire political parties . 
  but why ca n't the people who celebrate the ottoman empire be hated for doing so by the descendants of those who suffered from it ? 
  when i see turks dressed as janissaries , marching in celebration of the soldiers who used to come to my ancestors ' villages to put down any independence revolts with butchery and rape , do n't i have the right to resent them as much as a jew would resent people dressed as ss soldiers ? 
  quite on the contrary - what you describe is being someone 's spineless whore - `` oh we ' v got so many russian tourists , do n't wan na lose their money , so let 's just ignore russia 's poisonous meddling in bulgaria 's and eastern europe 's societies , lets ignore they did the firs annexation of land in europe since the second world war , let 's ignore they orchestrate war in ukraine , let 's ignore kremlin 's 5th column in bulgaria whitewashing our history , spreading corruption through ataka and bsp , chaining our country to lukoil 's monopoly . 
  let 's do all that because we want those sweet sweet russian tourists '' . 
  now that , my fellow bulgarian , would make us spineless whores - the kind we were for 45 years and so many of us still wish we are . 
  muslim immigration certainly is n't responsible for the majority of europe 's current problems - i totally agree with you , but it is responsible for minor ones at the moment and quite large ones in the future should the demographic trends remain as they are and they become a substantial percentage of our societies . 
  just look at bosnia , kosovo , lebanon or pretty much any other place in the world where muslims became large enough group to press political and cultural demands . 
  do n't derail into pointless banter , you asked clearly if you should be more concerned about muslims or hungarians and got an answer . 
  i dunno dude , was it hungarians or muslims that killed 3000 of your people on 11.9.2001 ? 
  the boars are prevalent in this map in the pro-eu , liberal areas . 
  the fewer the boars on the map the more votes for the right-wing , conservative , traditionalist . 
  it 's the muslim housewives that make up sweden 's number . 
  the earth is smoother than a bowling boll . 
  of course at that height it would look completely flat if it was realistic . 
  they ' v exaggerated it by thousands to show the mountains . 
  macedonia part of bulgaria . 
  end of a fake nation 's 25 year ' history . 
  cheers , good research . 
  you would n't have made that point had you known romania and bulgaria are facing the population replacement problem even more acutely than western europe , only with gypsie and turkish minority rather than african and asian immigrants as in the west . 
  in bulgaria , the percentage of ethnic bulgarians has fallen from 93 % in 1990 to 81 % today . 
  so if anyone , bulgarians should be the ones concerned with low fertility rates causing population replacement more than anyone else . 
  there . 
  now have i explained to you why your comment was stupid , inaccurate and out of place mr smart guy ? 
  again , the eternal argument of putting words into others ' mouth . 
  i never claimed the population of my country has been absolutely unchanging and constant for centuries , on the contrary , i pointed out we and all other nations in europe have changed dramatically over 1000 years , but it was never due to the previous dominant cultural group becoming a minority . 
  it was a natural process of evolution - by adopting certain cultural traits and accepting certain ammounts of foreigners . 
  never has , however , in the history of europe been a period where nations have gone into a steady population decline and replaced by people from other cultural groups . 
  it certainly has n't happened to my nation at least and that is all i aim to prevent . 
  not the gradual , natural change in the nation that will occur . 
  no one here argues with either of these statements and the entire thread has been about europe as a whole , rather than e.europe or bulgaria . 
  yet you decided to point out how unattractive to immigrants you find those places , which is both pointless and non-contributing to a theoretical debate about the effects of low-fertility rates coupled with immigration on europe as a continent . 
  no i did n't , read again . 
  i stated many europeans are adopting the american idea of nationhood - based on nothing but common country and identity , rather than the one we have evolved in europe - centuries old nations with their particular ethnic , religious , racial , historical , traditional , linguistic , cultural and ancestral identities . 
  besides , i 'm not blaming the us for anything since they have n't imposed their national idea on others , it 's simply being voluntarily swallowed by europeans , particularly young ones , who do n't know the difference in the historical evolution between european countries and the us . 
  again , no one is comparing here or elsewhere the actual process of colonization of the americas with the process of europe 's current demographic shift . 
  all we ever compare is the end result - which in both cases will be the natives becoming a minority in their own ancestral lands . 
  you , and all others who have no problem with that keep ignoring those very simple clarifications and intentionally twist our comparison to mean that we say the genocide of the americans is the same thing happening to us europeans today . 
  no one is saying that and you truly must understand this by now but just keep playing dumb cause you have n't got a proper answer to the real argument we make - that low fertility rates of natives plus high immigration will result in demogrpahic replacement , which we want and have the right to , avoid . 
  i never claimed that 's what happened to the native americans , and you perfectly know that but are out of arguments so begin to straw man me . 
  i clearly stated two completely different things are happening - genocide and conquest to the native americans , as opposed to peaceful demographic replacement to the native europeans today . 
  only the end result will be the same - the natives of each continent becoming a minority in their own countries . 
  if you have something to comment on this actual thesis of mine feel free to do so , if you do n't have or ca n't grasp the concept of what i 'm writing please refrain from puting words into my mouth or trying to twist my arguments . 
  thanks for the spiteful , non-contributing comment . 
  fyi bulgaria already has a wave of immigrants , which is why it builds a fence on the border with turkey . 
  due to eu 's dublin resolution we get stuck will all illegal refugees , which are in the tens of thousands . 
  besides , the country ranks between 50 and 58 on the hdi index , which makes it better for life than 100 + countries in the world , including the most populous ones . 
  there 's at least a few billion people on earth who would live better in bulgaria , which makes the country eligible for a theoretic debate about immigration the kind of we ' r having here . 
  once again , thanks for your contribution . 
  you missed the part where i pointed out modern european nations are the result of centuries or even more than a thousand years of evolution , over which certain characteristics have become intrinsic and what makes each nation unique . 
  you compare the birth of the bulgarian nation and the beginning of its 1300 years history with the end . 
  it has been many centuries since the bulgarians have identified as christian or secular rather than pagan . 
  it has been many centuries since they ' v spoken a slavic language rather than thracian . 
  enough centuries to consider these , and many other such traits , intrinsic to our nation and a requirement for the identification as part of it . 
  of course the evolution continues and many things will change , but they will change naturally , within the nation itself , rather than as a result of the sudden replacement of our people with people from completely different cultures/lanugages/religions / identities/traditions etc. , who simply become the new majority . 
  one is cultural evolution - the other cultural replacement . 
  and nobody claims they are . 
  they come with their high fertility rates and unwillingness to completely assimilate or at least their children into every basic common aspect of their host-nation . 
  which brings the same end result as with the aboriginals and native americans - the natives a minority in their own country ,, 
  a nation ca n't promote the welfare of its people and protect its cultural , historical , linguistic , political and traditional identity ? 
  they should n't . 
  they should be assimilated . 
  g8 b8 m8 , everything is wrong with every point , but you knew it already when wrote it to be `` edgy '' and `` alternative '' . 
  the american idea of nationality - just a bunch of people living in the same country , sharing the same `` idea '' or `` dream '' of a nation is not compatible with europe 's long history and cultural/national evolution . 
  but still because of us 's predominant world role it seems more and more europeans are ready to discard centuries of cultural , ethnic and national building for the sake of their own little `` american dream '' of a nation . 
  which is sad . 
  still , to each his own . 
  if that makes you feel better stick with it . 
  i believe my nation has direct historical evolution and that ca n't just be bought with adhering to our current dominant ideas and values . 
  `` the set of values '' swiss people have today is fundamentally different from the one they had merely 100 years ago , which is different from the one 300 years ago and so on . 
  defining a nation by people 's predominant set of values would discard the existance of nations through history alltogether . 
  which is why ought to use more permanent characteristics - such as ancestry , identity , loyalty to a national construct , traditions , national pantheon of figures , interpretation and identification with the history of particular people etc. 
  because it means me and my generation failed to preserve what my ancestors have built and died for the past 1300 years . 
  you are defending the benefits of immigration when what i opposed was n't it , but my nation becoming a minority in its own country . 
  which is very different from just getting immigrants for some period of time , or even less so to get immigrants who completely assimilate and have children that are part of your ethnicity . 
  horribly low fertility rates of the natives coupled with immigration results in population replacement . 
  i 'd rather see my country burned to the ground than my nation a minority in its own home . 
  whatever data i find online seems to contradict this strongly . 
  in 2009 beligum had taken 6,796.71 m eur from the eu and contributed 3,345.49 m eur in return . 
  or 617.85 eur taken per person and 304.12 eur given . 
  could you please provide a source that shows this to be wrong , since all i find says belgium has taken aprox . 
  twice as much from the eu than given . 
  ( and this by the way is direct eu payments , not counting the immense benefits for belgium from having the institutions there ), 
  belgium , ireland , greece , spain , luxemburg and portugal have all taken more than contributed , in some cases almost 5 times as much ( greece ) . 
  the money received by them outweighs that by eastern europe many fold . 
  so let 's stop painting eastern europe as the only receiving part of an `` all-contributing '' union of western countries . 
  jesus fuck i did n't know lithuanian are so lacking in humour , judging by your responses . 
  now i understand the suicide rates . 
  if the bacteria that 's used to make yoghurt is found almost exclusively in bulgaria and called '' lactobacillus bulgaricus '' , i find the debate over . 
  they hold even more than the energy sector in bulgaria , plus most of our media and 3 of the major parties . 
  still , our new government is pro-western and at war with the moscow-sponsored socialists and nationalists , so they said no . 
  i tried finding sources on the effects of the ban but found nothing . 
  how do you know it has n't had an effect ? 
  ministry of yoghurt of course . 
  well in that case it 's not my fault for citing the article . 
  you accused me of changing the title from what the article actually says `` to fit my agenda '' , not of citing a wrong article . 
  from the article : `` student leaders defend racial bar at anti-racism events amid risk of ` micro-aggression ' '' what does bar mean - forbidding something or `` asking not to '' ? 
  the article 's sub-title says `` student leaders defend racial bar at anti-racism events amid risk of ` micro-aggression ' '' . 
  i google the term bar and came up with : `` a barrier or restriction to an action or advance . '', 
  so does n't the article say white and male people were barred from the anti-racism event and the student leaders supported it ?
