  we sha n't speak of that . 
  in the restored country after 1878 - first ruler to fly in an airplane and first airplane to be used as bomber during balkan war of 1912 . 
  highest mobilisation of any country in the world during ww1 - 21 % of population or 850,000 soldiers out of 4 million . 
  saved its jews in ww2 despite alliance with hitler . 
  among inventions made in bulgaria are : the electronic wristwatch , the first automatic computing machine ( 1939 , john atanasov ) , the chief designer of the world 's first passenger jet , the photocopier , automatic gearbox , contraception pill etc. 
  step one : rip 1/3 of the bulgarian nation out . 
  step two : teach them they are the super unique , one of a kind , never seen before nation of thousands of years , directly descendant from the loins of the great alexander `` the totally ancient slav '' , but always oppressed by others and that 's why there 's no historical record of it before the 20th century . 
  especially by the smelly `` totally mongol-tatar '' , `` totally nothing to do with us '' bulgarians !, 
  step three : ?????? 
  step four : build a ton of baroque statues of ancient greeks and bulgarians and profit . 
  i did n't comment on what should or should n't matter . 
  just the `` relatives '' claim , which suggests a genetic connection as long as i understand english . 
  not that i want to argue i just cared about the historical argument , but since you ' v mentioned culture - this too is far closer in romania to its neighbours , especially the balkan ones , than to the medditeranean nations . 
  trust me , i ' v lived 5 years with romanians , it 's almost identical . 
  it makes it false * flagger * . 
  perhaps this might be what those now attacking the turkish military and state have been saying before resorting to this ? 
  to be honest ones surrounding can misslead him in guessing . 
  working in it i earn ~ 4.5 times the average given here for sofia . 
  my circle of friends is well above it too , so i can see how one would be misled . 
  but i can imagine what a large percentage of the population working-class people are and accept the average must be far below my experience of the city or country . 
  perhaps it 's similar with you . 
  i am not aware of the average sallaries in greece . 
  the sofia one seems correct . 
  does n't athens have a huge population , with a large chunk of the unemployed and working-class people of greece living there ? 
  maybe this lowers the average . 
  depends largely on the product you are buying . 
  in sofia stuff varries in comparisson to athens from 6 times cheaper ( taxis ) , 3 times cheaper ( restaurants ) , 2 times chepaer ( apartaments outside centre ) to actaully more expensive . 
  ( oranges ) http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=bulgaria&amp;country2=greece&amp;city1=sofia&amp;city2=athens, 
  at first i genuinely thought you meant tzar nicolas back in the early 20th century and was quite perplexed he cared/new about balkan history . 
  could n't you then say the same thing for pkk ? 
  they are also conducting `` military operations '' against a state they perceive as oppressive , and try to avoid civilian casualties , but that ends up inevitable ? 
  sounds the same to me . 
  do n't tell me i should respect one 's military operations cause it 's a recognised state and not the other - how many times have the polish fought an illegal , insurgency war against some official state - be it the austrian , german , russian empires or third reich , ussr . 
  i commented on the legality issue - it matters not from a normative perspective . 
  and no , morocco and uzbekistan might not be close , but jordan is practically the same people as the palestinians , and they have in their immediate proximity lebanon , egypt and sa - nations of a combined more than 100 million arab muslims and a couple million square kilometres . 
  give me comparable example for the jews ? 
  even one other jewish state ? 
  even a few dozen thousand square kilometres of jewish land ? 
  even a one million people jewish state ? 
  nothing . 
  israel is all their entire historical , cultural , ethnic and religious group has , and it 's tiny , but still fucking disputed by a an ethno-religious group that has half the bloody world . 
  ridiculous . 
  that 's interresting . 
  i thought they teach you were were two completely separate nations - you slavic and we tatar , with people like samuil and delchev being macedonian not bulgarian . 
  why pain you ? 
  they steal tell you we 're a bunch of mongoloid tatars who stole your history and land out there , do n't they ? 
  or if you sat on a table and started drinking stuff akin to your palinka and tsuika , eat cousine almost entirely similar with stuff like sarmale/sarmi , sirene and slanina , made the same jokes and laughted at the same pains of our countries . 
  i ' v done that for a few years living with romanians in the uk and it felt like we 're the exact same people with different languages . 
  when tried doing that with further away nations like the czechs or germans it felt quite different . 
  what people had a problem with was her claiming she has the right to be racist because she supposedly ca n't be racist due to not being white or part of the local ethnic majority . 
  hence she obviously does n't identify as `` white british '' . 
  what does she identify with then ? 
  obviously as turkish , cause there 's no other ancestry she has . 
  if she identifies as turkish , to the point she does n't even believe she 's white , then who are you to tell her :  she is british she is n't , cause she does n't identify as one . 
  if a person with a turkish name and ancestry in britain does n't identify as british , is it maybe normal for people to assume she identifies with her turkish side , and proceed to call her `` turkish '' here ? 
  something you ' v been quite mad about for some reason , despite the woman 's own choice not to identify with the british nation ? 
  it 's a topic i find interesting having done history at university . 
  not every interest or hobby of someone must be a trigger . 
  who romanians identify with is certainly the least of my concerns , i was commenting on the general idea of ancestral ties and linguistics in europe . 
  i 'm getting a bit confused from what you want to say - first you said she was n't turkish , because she was born in the uk . 
  then you said she 's an ethnic minority . 
  how is she an ethnic minority to you if you also claim she 's not turkish and protest people calling her such ? 
  how can we `` debate '' if she 's a white woman or not ? 
  have you actually seen the woman you speak of ? 
  or been to turkey ? 
  neither , i am asking why are you calling her a minority . 
  how can a white woman born and bred in the uk be an ethnic minority ? 
  `` would the fair lady like that slave 's head on a platter ? '', 
  * tips regalia *, 
  almost all europeans are pretty much the closest relatives of their immediate neighbours , regardless if this crosses linguistical , cultural or religious groups . 
  the latter was imposed by different ruling elites/tribes through history , but populations rarely swapped entirely . 
  eastern germans and poles have far closer kinship connecton than poles and bulgarians ( despite both slavic ) , or eastern german and norwegian ( despite both germanic ) . 
  simirarly , romanians are far closer `` relatives '' to their neighbours , be it slavic or hungarian ( oh the dread ) , than the italians , spanish or portoguese . 
  we are closer genetically to the greeks despite the entirely different linguistical group , than to our linguistic fellows in russia or czechia . 
  it 's simply a romantic 19th century idea that linguistical groups are somehow `` relative nations '' that derive from the same people . 
  a myth also presented in early 20th century racial pseudo science , separating the `` races '' of europe acording to linguistical lines . 
  why is she a minority if she 's a white woman born in the uk ? 
  why is n't she just british , full stop , if she 's not a different skin colour or born in another country ? 
  it is though . 
  settling a tiny group of the world 's population , without any other ancestral homeland or nation , even illegally , is not wrong when the group onto `` who 's lands '' they settle is 300-million large ( arabs ) or over 2 billion large ( muslims ) , with dozens of states and millions of square kilometres to settle . 
  the arabs have millions of square kilometres and dozens of states to prosper as a cultural , historical and religious group . 
  the jews have something the size of calabria , * and * even settling there is a huge deal and `` colonization '' ? 
  give me a break , the entirety of palestine should ' v been given to them and that 's that - those unwilling to live in the only , tiny jewish state in the world can fuck right off to any of the many and huge arab states in the world . 
  the jews do n't have that luxury as their state is only one , tiny , and still disputed . 
  it took romania almost 10 years after setting up the proper anti-corruption burreau and reforming the system thoroughly for it to start working and cleaning house . 
  and then a year-two for this to begin showing effects on the economy and investment , and then a year or so for this to begin halting the exodus of people . 
  we have n't even done step number one , if we manage to break the back of the oligarchy and miraculously set up the reforms and a working anti-corruption burreau ( impossible in the current political arrangement and government ) , we will still be looking at 10-13 years before this has effects on our greatest problem - the people leaving the country , creating a ticking time-bomb for the remaining society . 
  i have n't given up , most certainly and do all i can in that regard , but we 're so far behind we might end up losing another half a million people before stopping the exodus , which romania has already done . 
  if this year , right now , miraculously all the reforms are implemented and a working burreau set up like in romania in 2006 , i will be 40 years old before the results romania sees today can be seen in bulgaria . 
  ( i 'm 25 now ) that 's why shit is gloomy , not because of irrational pessimism . 
  pffft , pretentious latin ... potato - vodka - sausage ; throw up and repeat again, 
  1.5 million bulgarian tourists to greece annually do so in cars and buses . 
  about a million serbs do so too ( although they could detours through macedonia ) and more than a million romanians do that . 
  if 3 + million tourists is nothing to you . 
  nor do they ever make the blockades in the summer during the greek tourist season , or block ports - just our border , and out of their season . 
  fuck us right up for their own governments faults without fucking over greece 's economy . 
  bunch of malakas . 
  `` progress '' ? 
  we ' v been regressing into an authoritarian oligarchy for the past 10 years . 
  the money from eu funds has created some huge fish here that own vast ammounts of the economy and media , therefore also the political class , making it increasingly impossible to break their control as happened in romania .
