  and the majority of the world 's successes . 
  because they simply make the majority of the world 's decisions . 
  what a ridiculous point to make , do try harder mate . 
  considering they usually vote against immigration if i remember correctly , i 'd say it 's their brain they ' r voting with . 
  `` the guts '' are used by the bleeding-hearts from the left who 'd have their state take in all for the sake of ideal , with no exception and no limit . 
  so what if ? 
  democracy does n't imply the frequent or at all use of referendums . 
  there are different kinds of democracy , what i 'm against is the direct one . 
  but not my future . 
  which is what happens when a big enough percentage of voters are ignorants who vote with their emotions or following some dumb populism . 
  i want educated people to make the important decisions in the country , not those with zero knowledge on the subject . 
  accepting a million of them ? 
  sure . 
  but the thing is inter-eu migration does n't create such big flows , except by the largest nations towards the largest nations ( eg . 
  poles in the uk ) . 
  those flows , however , are temporary , slowing down , going at some places in reverse and generally not creating stable , large communities of foreign identity and culture that persist and grow . 
  african and asian communities do that , remain presistenly large and growing , retain parallel identities over the generations , and have no indication of ever slowing down as immigration wave , considering africa is set to quadruple to 4 billion by 2100 according to un projections . 
  comparing inter-eu and outer-eu immigration as sources of parallel identity enclaves is groundless and frankly , ridiculous . 
  there are a lot of factors in why switzerland is historically successfull and they have had plenty of great and competent statesmen to thank for . 
  you ca n't apply that to all countries and expect the same results . 
  i would n't trust the majority of people in my country to choose my dinner for me , let alone the macro-economy of the whole state . 
  they ' r mostly uneducated or misinformed people who forward the ridiculous populist `` shock-memes '' on facebook all day long and think it makes them experts in politics . 
  just giving another reason why people should n't be asked important questions on referendums . 
  however we put it , the reality is most people are n't informed , educated or even just interrested enough in geo-politics or macro-economics to be given the power to decide important issues directly . 
  yes , older men and women , in their late 60s , who do not yet have pensions , but neither do a job . 
  usually from smaller , poorer towns and villages . 
  they see no point in registering and looking for work when they can just live off what hteir kids send them until pension . 
  his ideas are a mix of cheap , unattainable , far-left populism used a hundred times before to garner support from the masses seeking the socialist utopia , and very serious , dangerous ideas like leaving nato , appeasing russia or dropping uk 's nuclear programme . 
  he 's a d\u00e9j\u00e0-vu of a thousand previous fails . 
  with older people it certainly is . 
  because the majority of people are experts on economics ? 
  i would not defend either side , do n't really have an economic knowledge to do so myself , but i find referendums on macro-economical questions ridiculous . 
  people are idiots and ca n't be trusted with anything more complex than `` what colour should our flag be '' . 
  i 'm optimistic about ee 's future , very actually . 
  i just am realistic about its statistics . 
  the homogenity of eu countries is n't threatened by movement within the eu itself . 
  it is by the acceptance of people from outside of it - which is n't , in any way , agreed upon by the member states . 
  what 's the eu got to do with that ? 
  is it meant as a project to destroy nations ' homogenity ? 
  is it written in its constitution that members sign they have to create enclaves of foreign cultures within their society and invite social strife and cohesion ? 
  i did an internship at the council of europe , read the agreement each country signs , did n't see anything implying they should destroy their cultures or identities . 
  they do . 
  because germany and the uk allow them to . 
  if some states allow themselves to become multicultural , how does that mean others should too ? 
  no , a mistake . 
  anything wrong with a homogeneus society ? 
  a lot of people in eastern europe are n't registered in the unemployment burreaus because they get money from relatives who work in the west and do n't bother looking for work . 
  coud their number be high enough to influence why unemployment would seem , statistically , lower in the non-eu area ? 
  this is strangely the most british thing i ' v ever read . 
  no , just a first grade teacher . 
  got internet fame after the first pic last year . 
   [ nsfw ] ( http://www.novini.bg/uploads/news_pictures/2012-33/big/15-000-cigani-plashtat-obshto-200-300-lv-voda-88102.jpg ), 
  are you feeling euphoric in this moment ? 
  pfffft , a girl like that is n't even considered trying hard here ... , 
  true . 
  yet still better than what 's going on at factory farms . 
  but it was . 
  :( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3l51xi/two_afghan_immigrants_got_lost_in_serbia_and/cv3arlq, 
  isis was made up and organized by former saddam officers who fled iraq after their insurgency there was devastated by the us army and iraqi security forces . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about and are making things up , as usual . 
  same as economy is driving the vast majority of refugees/migrants towards europe at the moment . 
  there is no war anywhere between germany and turkey , or at the dozen or so african countries that are the source of a vast percentage of the migrants at the moment . 
  which was my point . 
   slaughtered animals without any challange or skill, 
  no we have n't - we kill millions of animals to eat . 
  we just do it in disgusting , overcrowded farms and let machines and workers do it for us . 
  eating a wild animal that had a free and healthy life , which you took yourself is far better . 
  unless i am arguing with a vegan who believes eating meat itself is wrong , in which case this goes into a completely different discussion i 'd rather not have . 
  ^ cause ^ i ^ think ^ you ` r ^ crazy, 
  pigeons do n't blow things up . 
  [ romania , have a sit , join the club . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jw8dnstf3te ), 
  my point was the kill has a purpose if its eaten . 
  feeding yourself with a killed animal is more than natural . 
  just killing it without eating is n't . 
  you can trophy hunt and still eat the animal afterwards . 
  just killing for the sake of taking something 's life is what 's sick . 
  that 's u/sarmatae - a guy who openly defended the occupation of his own country by the soviets and the mass murder of people by their regime . 
  he 's a notorious kremlin bot here on reddit , if the sink is clogged at his home he 'd accuse the americans of it . 
  do n't feed the troll . 
  yet this would be a poor argument against the works of plato , aristotle , socrates and other phylosophers who lived and wrote more than 1000 or 2000 years ago . 
  if you want to disprove an idea use its arguments against it , not its age . 
  if they ate every single one of the ( non-endangered ) animals i would n't care - it 's hunting for food and we ' v done it since forever . 
  if they did n't - it 's just a show of barbarity where a bunch of fucks with power issues slaughtered animals without any challange or skill , just to feel the pleasure of killing something . 
  eastern europe , poland in particular , has taken hundreds of thousands of refugees from ukraine . 
  many thousands of them in romania and the baltics too . 
  bulgaria , hungary and romania took thousands of refugees from yugoslavia in the 90s . 
  and even today countries like slovakia have agreed to take in christian syrians . 
  what e.europe refuses to do is fill itself with muslim parallel communities . 
  it refuses because it has had those for centuries and it knows they can integrate to the fullest , like the tatars in poland , yet still never assimilate and continue to keep their parallel identity . 
  for 600 years the tatars in poland and ukraine have not assimilated . 
  for 400 years the turks in bulgaria . 
  for 200 years the tatars in romanian dobrudza . 
  those are well integrated , well-respected minorities of peaceful and hard-working people . 
  yet , even after hundreds of years they keep their islam and through it - their parallel identities and cultures . 
  they will * never * assimilate . 
  and neither will the millions of muslims that have come and are coming to western and northern europe . 
  the natives there are suffering a delusion of immence proportions , leading you to tell yourself they will somehow magically `` secularize '' as you have , drop their religion and with it , their parallel identity . 
  they will be nothing but `` german '' or `` french '' at some point . 
  that 's a delusion , a lie so ignorant it hurts seeing you tell yourself .
