  `` macedonian '' is a dialect of bulgarian that the yugoslavs filled with as many foreign words as possible to claim a separate nature of it . 
  easier for the eu to move on without the uk contribution to the budget than for the uk to move on without more than 50 % of its export and business with the eu . 
  if that island is part of an organisation that requires visas from non-members , it is . 
  no one is targeting you in particular . 
  tunisia , algeirs and morocco also have island 30 minutes away like that . 
  you ' r not special . 
  do n't know about romania , but bulgaria is probably the single most critically hit country in the world by depopulation . 
  lost 2 million young people out of 9 in the past 20 years . 
  catastrophic . 
  i 'd rather they limit our access everywhere , even in the eu , if it will give us more time to fix the country before all young and smart have left and there 's no chance with only old , uneducated and gypsies remaining . 
  they are effectively making bulgaria a favour by restricting us . 
  keep up the `` refugees wellcome '' opposition to the enforcement of the external border of the eu and those will start being used again . 
  i have a genuine question out of curiosity . 
  do people in turkey believe more turks were killed by the armenians than armenians by the turks ? 
  if not , what makes turks hate armenians when the latter were the ones occupied and butchered by the former ? 
  i honestly want your point of view . 
  you did n't ? 
  it 's mainly babushkas . 
  ever seen a thin one ? 
  more likely because you ca n't afford to all have cars and spend lots of time in restaurants , in front of the tv and leisure . 
  it 's not like you are starving out there . 
  just forced to move more - walk to work or take the public transport , walk to the store , entertain by taking a walk in the park more often than sitting in the cinema or at a restaurant , as people can in wealthier countries . 
  i think any country above the level of somalia can afford enough food for obesity , the real difference economics brings is the ammount of walking/moving the people have to do , which is greater in poorer countries . 
  is there a culture of acceptance of this phenomenon ? 
  like , how do such people react when called fat ? 
  do they even care ? 
  do they consider it a problem ? 
  i ca n't see another reason for such an epidemic than a cultural one to be honest . 
  we 've as much access to tons of unhealthy food here too , but people are generally not that fat , i think due to social stigma . 
  slavic languages : macedonian . 
  ** triggered **, 
  earned and built social rights and civil developments ca n't survive the influx of large enough groups of people who do n't share them and who 's children refuse to either . 
  liberal democracy , individualism and european idea of social cohesion ca n't survive a growing islamisation of europe , anymore than it would the influx of tens of millions of fascists . 
  which is better though ? 
  it seems like the netherlands one has people packed in houses one next to another and all around , whereas the belgians all have a field or yard right behind their house . 
  yes , and it 's quite fitting : `` the open sewer , where the feces flow '', 
  then you should be ok with an entire czech replacement of the nation if you do n't want to make 2.1 children . 
  because that 's what happens to ageing nations in the long term . 
  they did manage to kill * someone * . 
  translation maybe ? 
  hence why i 'm saying it . 
  you do n't seem to understand how the system works . 
  those money are n't saved and stored in a big vault . 
  they are paid to pensioners now . 
  it is possible to pay them because there are x ammount of workers per each pensioner . 
  if there are equal ammounts of workers and pensioners one day the system will collapse . 
  no matter how much you paid in your life or saved , the country will be ruined because the population pyramid was reversed and most people are now old , due to lack of fertility rate . 
  this can only be fixed by raising it to the basic 2.1 children per woman for replacement , or through massive immigration to fill the hole . 
  if you do n't want the former , then it means you prefer the latter . 
  because a third option without either is not possbile without complete social and economic collapse . 
  that 's definitely pulling the country down . 
  everything in the state - from economy to budget , social security , insurance , banking system - everthing relies on adult workers . 
  when those are fewer than the elderly the system collapses . 
  when there is no one to drive growth , consumption , labour and investment - the system collapses . 
  ageing is the wors blight on a society . 
  if you do n't replace yourself with a healthy worker/tax payer/consumer once you go out of the labour market - you ' v become a strain on the society that has n't ensured the system can go on and contributed back by replacing himself inside the work force . 
  such hole can only be filled then with immigrants , so when you do n't make children you are effectively pushing your society either towards catastrophic ageing , or towards replacement by immigrants . 
  this explains my amazement at the fact brussels was so american style when i lived there . 
  for the first two weeks i stayed in a large house in overijse where people comuted to work in brussels - proper americanised wealthy suburb of car-comuters . 
  then i moved close to the commission building , right next to maalbek station , on rue de spa , so like the centre of centres , and had an entire muslim ghetto a couple of intersections behind me . 
  just like `` dowtown baltimore '' or something . 
  i was used to the idea europe is the reverse of that and quite surprised at brussels . 
  the only statistic in which wallonia pulls the country up . 
  but is n't it the opposite of urbanisation to have the countryside riddled with so many settlements ? 
  is n't urbanisation concentrating the people in a few lare cities instead ? 
  de-urbanisation means people scattered across the entire countryside . 
  in asia . 
  do the rural netherlands look different ? 
  eastern europe is just as affected , even more by low fertility rates . 
  it 's not up to wealth , it 's up to social culture . 
  the individualism taking over family tradition . 
  people put career and home/car ownership before family , so they end up having their first kid in the 30s or never . 
  that leaves little room for a second one and almost no for a third one . 
  so when you average this with those who never have one , it drops to 1.3-1 .8 . 
  we need a change in culture , in priorities , more so than economy . 
  and i 'm telling you we have the same problem . 
  our gypos are as much `` undesirables '' and a strain on the economy and crime rates as any migrants in the west . 
  if not more . 
  so your initial statement about bulgaria is very wrong . 
  we are n't a safe society without closed , crime-ridden ghettos . 
  you wrongfully think i advocate an increase of europe 's population when i say `` make kids '' . 
  no , i advocate the same you do - keeping the population exactly what it is . 
  but that means 2.1 fertility rate - replacement level . 
  it keeps the population the same level without ageing . 
  meanwhile , we have between 1.3 and 1.8 in europe , which makes the population age very fast , creating huge problems . 
  from lowering consumption , to decreasing productivity , growth , taxes , increasing welfare , healthcare budget etc. 
  it 's very , very bad for a population to age . 
  there are only two ways to avoid a complete economic collapse to this - either fill the gap with immigrants from outside europe , or `` make kids '' - raise the fertility level to 2.1 . 
  the first scenario will ruin europe as much as ageing . 
  if we are to change the continent to an increasingly islamic one , i 'd rather we disappear . 
  so the only solution left is - have 2.1 fertility rate . 
  europe will remain with its very small , ~ 600 million people population . 
  ( excludes russia ) this is by no means a strain on the world or its resources . 
  it 's the bare minimum for an entire continent . 
  overpopulation is africa 's fault , which doubled to 1 billion in the past 20 years and is set to quadruple to 4 billion by 2100 according to the un . 
  fix overpopulation there , not on a tiny 600 mil continent that is already sufferering ageing . 
  10 % of the population of bulgaria are gypsies who almost completely do n't work and fill the prisons and all levels of crime . 
  they have n't moved out , still here in their bulk . 
  still making crime as much as any migrant and foreign gang groups in the west . 
  and yet crime overal is lower than say , france .
