  i 'm sure you do n't do that either with the poor people in your city , but demand the collective nations of europe do it to themselves . 
  so i 'd advise you to get real - this has no future other than a boiling point . 
  the borders must be shut and proper procedure re-established , or you 'll see some very ugly scenes in europe , initially by the entering migrants as in cologne , but eventually by the locals . 
  something we went through as a continent and i do n't want us to go back to ever again , because certain people deemed basic border control somehow wrong . 
  if hitler funded a scholarship at some university that gave the opportunity to thousands of people to attend higher education , yes , i believe it should actually remain . 
  good deeds should be rewarded and bad punished - as a favourite quote of mine from a song of ice and fire says - `` a good act does not wash out the bad , nor a bad act the good . 
  each should have its own reward . ' '', 
  why not fund the border control instead and make sure they do n't enter , whilst dump those that do to a neighbouring of eu country like ukraine in exchange for relocating the already existing eu funding to turkey towards them instead ? 
  have a country like ukraine receive the turkey funds instead , and in return be the union 's door out , where all illigal migrants are left . 
  that would certainly be less costly than either funding a joint expedition or refugee camps , as well as protect the continent from any flow . 
  turkey costs the eu billions anyway , it 's been going on for decades - their status of a country receiving a various eu funds without entering the union . 
  and for what ? 
  an increasingly authoritarian country that does n't stop the migrants , but uses them to leverage against the eu . 
  if those funds are cut completely , and redirected towards ukraine , i 'm sure they will be more than happy in exchange for receiving any illigals the eu needs to throw out . 
  especially knowing those illegals wo n't stay in impoverished ukraine , so it 's essentially free money for being the unions door out , whilst the continent is helping out a fellow european nation in need , rather than autocratic , islamist turkey . 
  hence why europe should : 1 . 
  have border control , detain any people as soon as they enter the outer borders and decide if they are to be let in or not . 
  have agreements with at least a couple non-eu neighbouring states , like turkey , morocco and ukraine , to dump any illigal migrants there . 
  people will soon learn it just does n't work out to enter the eu claiming you ' r a refugee having passed a dozen safe countries when you enter through turkey but get dumped in ukraine with a `` farewell , take care '' . 
  but plenty of states around it are . 
  and even more states between it and the eu . 
  and even states within the eu they chose to pass through on the way to germany . 
  there 's zero reason to consider someone from afghanistan a refugee in germany - he stopped being such entering all those safe countries on the way there . 
  same with the syrian refugees . 
  only people taken directly from there or from neighbouring refugee camps , by some sort of joint eu task-force for saving refugees directly from the conflict , can be considered such . 
  the problem people who are refugees in safe , but poor neighbouring countries have are not the threat of losing their life , but the quality of their life . 
  which takes them out of the refugee cathegory europe has an obligation towards ( as do all other states ) , and into the cathegory of suffering poverty or other social problems . 
  which is a cathegory of over 3 billion people and not one that europe has any obligations towards housing . 
  russia has more muslims than the entire eu and far more crime , murder and police corruption/incompetence . 
  whereas generating far more money for the uk by their work , taxes and consumption , as well as sending far less than they would be making for poland if they were there . 
  a million or so people are worth far more to an economy than # 3 billion per year , so their immigration there is still a net loss for poland and gain for the uk . 
  vice has conciously turned itself into the butaforic stereotype of what the right wing describes the left . 
  first time i see a straw man turn real . 
  that 's presisely what they do - they move the monuments from the centres of their large cities , where the soviets dumped them , to museums , parks or military cemetaries . 
  and that 's what russia officially protests , they demand they stay exactly in the middle of the capital of a country that was fucked by the soviets like poland for example , and not even be moved . 
  whilst the russian media goes batshit crazy with jingoist propaganda . 
  do n't pretend it 's about `` preserving heritage '' or art , the russians insist they remain where they are even when they are merely transported elswhere , and that 's just another clear example of how entitled russia feels towards eastern europe and meddling in its internal affairs . 
  same thing with claiming these states should n't have joined nato cause it 's `` too close to russia 's borders '' and they were promised or whatever ... 
  how quickly one turns to jokes after seriously whining and accusing over numerous posts the second his bullshit is called out . 
  nice comeback though , 2edgy 4 me . 
  no , russia should educate its people so this does n't happen anymore . 
  same as it is n't russia 's business what people in eastern europe do with the soviet monuments their invaders built up all over teh place , yet both the kremlin officially , and russian media massively protest any removal of such monuments as if they have the right to say what happens in other people 's countries . 
  least of all the ones they invaded and condemned to a marxist collapse . 
  so i guess the pot is calling the kettle black . 
  not really . 
  autocracies love being attacked , they love various threats , especially if they are real . 
  when such things happen they do n't hide them , they use them , as much as possible , to ifringe more on people 's rights for the sake of security . 
  it therefoer makes zero sense for an active autocracy like erdogan 's to hide this and not use it . 
  my point about the situation in yugoslavia before the break-up is n't based on my interaction with seprate people , that 's anecdotal evidence and we were discouraged from using it at university . 
  it is based on my second year course of european economic history , where we also studied yugoslavia ( among other planned or semi-planned economies ) . 
  it is not a nationalistic claim , but a statistical fact , that the economy began stagnating in mid 70s and contracting early 80s , resulting in diverted funds from belgrade towards serbia , especially in infrastructural projects and subsidies for failing state-owned enterprises . 
  you can see the effects of this on [ this chart ] ( https://chnm.gmu.edu/1989/archive/fullsize/econ-module-yogu-gdp-chart-8_b2af6c1915.jpg ) - serbia , despite being significantly inferior in economy , railway , infrastructure and literacy before the formation of yugoslavia in comparisson with slovenia and crotia , ends up being the only one not in deep recession , by diverting funds from those other regions . 
  this is macro-economics , so the personal feelings or memmories of seprate people you or i may know are irrelevant , just anecdotal evidence . 
  the hard , statistical truth is that yugoslavia gradually turned into a severely failing serb-dominated federation that used the other regions to post-pone the recession within serbia itself . 
  cia aggression or operations are n't a conspiracy theories over all , in history . 
  that 's not what i argued for you to turn the question towards . 
  i argued the fall of yugoslavia , specifically , is entirely the internal fault of a failing economic system and unnatural multi-ethnic composition . 
  it would ' v failed even if the us did n't exist at all . 
  the collapse was inevitable as that of any planned-economy and quite visible on the macro-economic data from as early as the 1970s . 
  it is therefore not the result of a cia conspiracy , nor was the wars that the serbs fought on many fronts during the collapse . 
  that too , was the result of serb nationalist leadership wanting to carve up as much as it can from the collapsing federation , as well as the ethnic attacks against serbs committed by other people , which gave those serb nationalist leaders both the pretext and the needed domestic support to act out . 
  but it almost sounds as if you , and many serbs i ' v talked to , imagine someone * outside * of yugoslavia decided `` to destroy our federation '' , when in fact yugoslavia was by far not a unified state . 
  the croats and slovenes had zero desire to be part of it and were the chief actors in breaking it down . 
  the serbs had been priviliged for a decade and a half by then , with revenue from other regions streaming into serbia and belgrade to keep it from recession , whilst the other regions suffered . 
  naturally the serbs would want to keep the federation , but at least be realistic that it was a state where one nation 's core exploited the others , rather than a merry happy state that got broken down by expansionistic foreign aggressors and conspirators . 
  there 's not a single croat or slovene i ' v met , and i met a lot whilst styding in leuven , who did n't express that exact opinion on yugoslavia , whilst the few serbs i ' v met live and the many i ' v talked to online have the diametrically opposite imagination and often divert to conspriacy theories like cia or foreign aggression . 
  from a purely neutral point of view and the economic statistics i ' v seen of yugosaliva in the 80s , i ca n't ignore the stronger reasons to consider it a serb-priviliged federation which they fought first to preserve , and later to carve up as much from it for them as possible , including reverting to ethnic cleansing . 
  ( as was done by the others too ) an internal conflict , rather than one `` orchestrated '' by expansionistic forces . 
  so serbs still blame us/nato for the way yugoslavia broke down and the kosovo war , rather than milo\u0161evi\u0107 ? 
  but at the same time i ' v heard serbs really love russia and russians . 
  so would n't they want the best for it , rather than a cleptocratic oligarchy that would spend $ 50 billion on the most expensive olympics in history , whilst a substantial percentage of its people live in misery and male life expectancy borders that of the third world . 
  what is it with serbs and the love of putin ? 
  you ' r not the first one i hear mention something like that . 
  how edgy , how progressive . 
  and there are n't atheists you would n't leave your wallet with ? 
  those correlations are meant to say something i guess ? 
  ah , so now russian aggression is justified `` paranoid defensiveness '' on their part . 
  and that 's what my sentece says - western states are prone to neo-colonialism , as we see in lybia . 
  my sentence was n't full so i see the confusion , fixed it now . 
  what is russia affraid of ? 
  a nuclear war ? 
  cause that 's what it would take for nato to support a civil war inside russia . 
  and that 's just insane , it would never happen . 
  politicians are just using it as a wonderful scare-mongering to justify own actions and more power . 
  nato is n't a threat to russia 's internal security , it 's a threat to russia 's external ability to impose power on its neighbours , hence why the kremlin sees it as an enemy - because it is n't preocupied with keeping russia safe ( which it is ) , but with extending russian influence over the ex-soviet states . 
  in which matter , thank god for nato . 
  no one is saying it 's paranoia . 
  paranoia is based on fear , and russia does n't fear a nato invasion or nato-backed civil war as in lybia , because it does n't have to . 
  it 's a nuclear state , and as such completely safe from the above . 
  what russia has towards nato is the attitude of `` the thief shouting catch the thief ! '' . 
  russia wants to orchestrate its own lybia-like scenarios in neighbouring , post-soviet states in order to re-establish lost influence . 
  nato is preventing this , and thus becoming the natural target for russian propaganda . 
  nato naturally does n't do that ( help ex-soviet states protect from russia ) because it 's a benevolent organisation or because western states are n't themselves prone to the same neo-colonialism , as we see they are in lybia . 
  they do it to counter russia , which is good enough for the citizens of those states , but not enought to `` scare '' russia into a paranoia that nato is out to destroy them . 
  which does n't even sound that `` upside-down '' - ish joke , cause hospitals do actually often kill people around the world . 
  this leftist myth about christianity is all nice and well , until you open up the actual new testament and try and find it . 
  christ never thought people to beat their women , kill adulterers or consider those not `` modest '' enough as prostitutes . 
  those are passages from teh quran and i can give them to you , whereas in the meantime christ thought the very opposite - he defended a prostitute from stoning and decreed `` do n't judge , lest you be judged '' . 
  whilst mohammad stoned women himself . 
  it 's a diametrical juxtaposition that just does n't fit your nice little marxist mantra of `` all religions are the same '' .
