  nope , i advocate the exact same for bulgarians , and did it in a different post before you wrote me this accusation , here 's the link : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/610lgs/we_must_deny_terrorists_the_disproportionate/dfb2wew/ the reason i asked if all bulgarians are criminals and wellfare leeches is because that 's how you formulated your question : `` so , throw all bulgarians out ? ... bulgarian beggars , welfare leeches and criminals ... '' implying all bulgarians are beggars , cirminals and leeches . 
  i asked if that 's the case so i can answer your own question . 
  otherwise , as you can see in the link , i have no problem any nation deciding how much quotas they want to allocate to bulgaria with regard to how assimilatable they rank bulgarians in their society . 
   obviously economic mass immigration from eastern europe should have no limits , right ? 
  where did i write that ? 
   most of eastern europe seem to support far right wing yes they do . 
   religious nope , eastern europe has some of the most atheist societies in the world , the one here in bulgaria for example , latvia , estonia , czech rep. , ukraine and others . 
  much more so than many western european societies like ireland , france , belgium or italy . 
   and other backwards cultures `` right-wing '' is not a culture , it 's a political leaning . 
  it 's only backward to a left-winger , as you seem to be . 
   so it might be better if you stay at home . 
  i do . 
  so why write me all that and how does it refute any of what i wrote ? 
  i nowhere advocated a city-wide distribution of people within european countries . 
  i advocate controlled migration through australian-style quotas that allow a society to determine from which other societies it receives the most and the least migrants . 
  let any society that considers bulgarians difficult or impossible to assimilate allocate less or no quotas for such . 
  i do n't care as i am not planning on leaving , nor do i fear anyone in europe will actually come to that conclusion seeing as bulgarians are extremely eager and easy to assimilate , with second-generation ones born to bulgarian parents having almost no bulgarian identity or culture . 
  unlike most muslims who keep their parallel identity alive and well even after multiple generations . 
  of course . 
  cut the wellfare of any bulgarian who leeches in western europe . 
  put the criminals in prison or extradite them . 
  is n't this obvious ? 
   so , throw all bulgarians out ? 
  are all bulgarians criminals or wellfare leeches ? 
  and do you confuse bulgarians with gypsies from bulgaria ? 
  so what would be the end result of this ? 
  a complete balkanization of otherwise homogeneus european nations ( i.e. 
  with a dominant cultural identity of at least ~ 80 % ) ? 
  a large and diverse group of well integrated parallel cultures that co-exist inside a country ? 
  say 20 % arabs , 25 % eastern europeans , 30 % asians , 20 % native indigenous english , 5 % others ? 
  if you believe this is a good future or a stable one because these will all be integrated i advise you to read about yugoslavia , austria-hungary , ussr or plenty other such multi-ethnic societies where peace existed for decades or centuries because all were integrated ... until it did n't . 
  because the simple truth is humans are tribal and will ** always ** eventually revert to these instincts when turbulence occurs . 
  the more culturally fractured a society - the more unstable its foundation is . 
  it might exist perfectly fine for a long time , but at some point its foundation will crack and inter-cultural conflict erupt . 
  it 's the rule throughout history and all who parrot left-wing slogans like `` diversity is our streanght '' are ignorant of history and deluded about the future . 
  the key to long-lasting stability in any european society is not integration , it 's * assimilation * . 
  both . 
  promote western values to the already existing ones as much as possible . 
  particurarly to draw as many women to universities as possible . 
  prevent the formation of parallel societies that are difficult to assimilate and highly opposed to europe 's values in the first place , so you do n't have to deal with this headache later . 
  nor should anyone be happy about the continuously increasing proportion of non-assimilated muslims in europe . 
  so what 's the solution ? 
   the worse case scenario may resemble what you describe , but in the uk that is not the norm at all . 
  there are tens of thousands of perfectly well integrated english muslims . 
  integrated does not mean assimilated . 
  they may be perfectly integrated , but still keep a parallel culture and identity that will one day replace the native one or impose laws , values and traditions the natives do not want . 
  the values and traditions of muslim communities are thoroughly opposite to the secularism , humanism , liberalism and individualism that european indigenous peoples have developped . 
  they can not be allowed to become a substantial enough percentage of europe 's population . 
   there is n't anything inherently wrong with muslim communities in europe . 
  [ mhm , sure . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ), 
  in one of the muslim parallel societies across europe that have formed like cultural colonies due to the migration from mid east , africa and asia . 
  stop these communities from growing and you wo n't have such problems , same as eastern europe or japan do n't , because they do n't have such communities . 
  this is a myth - the supposed wave of muslims in the 60s and 70s in germany and france did n't actually happen - about 60,000 turks only came to germany in the 1960s and not much more maghrebis to france . 
  the increase has been growing exponentially , not as a wave that stopped , [ here are the statistics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_france#1960-1970s_labour_immigration ) , between 1999 and 2005 alone the algerians increased by +18.3 % and the morrocans by +19.5 % . 
  they have . 
  they married austrian ( one ) and german ( the other ) women and their kids get the names of their wives ' families , precisely in order to assimilate . 
  we have n't converted because we are atheist . 
  as is most of the population of bulgaria , so we are the same . 
  for all intents and purposes we are bulgarian , immensely more so than the local gypsies . 
  and even if we were to stop talking of my family precisely - voluntary assimilation is entirely possible and not at all rare . 
  stop trying to excuse parallel communities that refuse to assimilate but then complain why they are looked as `` others '' by the majority . 
  france muslim population 1960 : ~ 0,5 % . 
  france muslim population 2005 : ~ 10 % . 
  that 's barely 45 years , a blink in historical terms . 
  during this century africa is set to quadruple its population to 4 billion people by 2100 . 
  one must be deluded to believe we wo n't see further tens of millions trying to get to europe , increasing the rate of growth of the above 10 % . 
  at what point are we to start worrying ? 
  nor did i ever claim origin matters . 
  identity does , and if you identify with bulgaria you are free to live in it . 
  if you purposefully refuse to identify with it , its people , culture and history , but instead with india , then maybe you should go to india rather than complain why your chosen indian identity is n't being accepted by the locals . 
  no one forced my family to assimilate in bulgaria . 
  no one forced my two half brothers to assimilate in austria , where they live as almost indistinguishable austrians despite their polish surnames . 
  no one forces people to assimilate when they are willing to do so because they respect the place and people they have decided to live in . 
  if the gypsies do not want to assimilate to the local places they live and instead insist on their indian identity , they ca n't complain they are n't being accepted by the local majorities . 
   the point is to ultimately bring back european muslims who are going to be forced out to middle east , i suppose , and start a caliphate there fine by me . 
  the alternative seems to be they increase as percentage here indefinitely and we end up with one in europe . 
  if i actually did write that ( i wo n't dig back now to check ) you are entirely correct to point it out as wrong , of course the bulgars were a turkic tribe from central asia ( arguably either altai or lower syberia ) . 
  what i meant in the above statement was the bulgarians are not turkic people but the slavicized thracians who use the name of the small bulgar tribe that created bulgaria . 
  and i think this typo was quite obvious in the context of all else i wrote , where i repeated this numerous times . 
  so , please , provide me with the thesis and facts to support it that the bulgarians today are of predominantly central-asian origin , and not indigenous to the balkans people who went through a few * cultural * changes , not thorough depopulation and demographic replacement with central asians . 
  ( as in , show me when such happened , why , how etc. ), 
  so what if they do ? 
  europeans end up saying `` enough is enough '' and ban muslims from immigration to the continent . 
  how will this lead to a caliphate here ? 
  if anything , it will prevent it . 
  this repeated phrase that they `` want to antagonise people against muslims '' and we therefore should n't give in to it does n't make much sense . 
  i never claimed the bulgars were thracians , i clearly stated the modern bulgarians are people of local , thracian origin speaking a slavic language and carrying the identity of a turkic ( bulgar ) name . 
  you are becoming increadibly pathetic in your desperation to run away from the topic you lost above . 
  i fully understand the difference and that 's why i chose that term - it 's what you described in your previous post :  so what you mean to say is what matters is the identity and culture of a person not their genetics . 
  and if a person chooses to be defined as bulgarian , they should n't be asked to go back to india because 1000 years ago their ancestors left there ? 
  hehe , i love how you lack the maturity to admit pretty much all statements you made in the past few comments were wrong and you truly do know nothing on the matter we discuss . 
  anyhow , let 's close that topic you are obviously too embaraced to admit you were wrong on and proceed to this last comment . 
  yes . 
  it 's all correct . 
  i agree with it completely . 
  any gypsy who assimilated into bulgarian identity and culture becomes bulgarian and ca n't , nor is he , asked to leave bulgaria . 
  no one advocated for this here or claimed they should n't be accepted to assimilate . 
  any other questions or have we reached the point you show some measure of class and admit your statments about the origin of the bulgarians today were all wrong ? 
  it will either happen or the eu will fall apart , as the lack of this is the number one driving factor behind anti-eu populist movements or even brexit .
