  but have they been asking for vat receipts whenever they pay for goods or services , or did they make good use of the `` discount '' that is so prevelant in greece when you do n't ask for one ? 
  ( and thus evade taxes on the transaction ), 
  not asking for a receipt is consenting to tax evasion , particurarly as it usualyl means you get to pay less . 
  and that 's something all greeks do . 
  not valid outside the us . 
  bumpkin is the closest . 
  peasant too . 
  it means a tip in bulgaria ( also i heard in turkey and the middle east , probably their word ) , but we also use it for `` taxi drivers '' . 
  no idea , i 'm polish . 
  why do i see people rarely linking the roman contributions with the modern italians but very often those of the ancient greek city states with the modern greek nation ? 
  fair enough , i understand now . 
  not sure if you ' r referring to the `` euros and solidarity '' bulgaria has received , but if you do - it certainly is n't enough to `` paint the country with gold '' . 
  we have 7 million people , compared to 11 in greece , yet as of 2013 we had received around 2 billion $ from the eu - a miserable drop compared to what greece 's not that bigger population has gotten . 
  breakdown of bulgaria 's finances with the eu in 2013 : \u2022 total eu spending in bulgaria : $ 1.977 billion \u2022 total eu spending as % of bulgaria 's gni : 5.05 % \u2022 total bulgarian contribution to the eu budget : $ 0.423 billion \u2022 bulgarian contribution to the eu budget as % of its gni : 1.08 %, 
  russia has been making itself look horrendeus continuously for the past 100 years . 
  and it always seems to be someone else 's fault / `` propaganda '' . 
  my parents had most trouble by border-guard , police and the waiters at bars/restaurants . 
  they never worked in greece , but had to cross it regulargly as they were importing cloth from italy ( through igumenitsa ) . 
  they were quite well off and very cultured people ( both former teachers ) , yet treated like shit on numerous ocasions due to being bulgarian . 
  waiters would assume they do n't have money or would perhaps do smth wrong when heard they speak bulgarian and generally be very rude . 
  policemen and especially border guard would , however , just call them shit names to their face , especially whilst waiting with their truck on the border or if they dare complain why they do n't let them pass a second day . 
  heard plenty of stories like these from other bulgarians , of greeks being highly chauvinistic and particularly arrogant towards bulgarians , so that 's why i was surprised the greeks in my company seem friendly . 
  all these countries were of relative development before 1944 and quite close to some western countries . 
  it 's the planned economy experiment that fucked all of eastern europe , not pre-20th century history . 
  thank the russian fuckers . 
  can confirm . 
  a ton of colleagues of mine here in sofia are greek . 
  i 'm also pleasantly surprised we seem to get the friendly greeks , rather than the ones who spat , both figuratively and literaly , on my bulgarian parents for years as they travelled on work through greece . 
  you 've triggered half of our nation 's nightmares . 
  sorry to hear that dude , sounds proper rough . 
  do at least the old people have their pensions still , or are did they get slashed like ours did in the 90s ? 
  how much roughly do you old people get a month ? 
  i am sorry , but can i ask you what type of job you have and whether the sallary you take is per week or per month ? 
  because living in bulgaria i always thaught of greece as much richer , even during the crisis now , and yet i take 850 euros per month at 24 . 
  up until now i believed this to be less than what greeks are getting , even in the crisis , so you surprised me a lot with that post . 
  could you also tell me roughly how much do people my age , 24 , get in the average business sector ? 
  you raise a number of points of which only one is relevant to my comment or the thread , but i 'll answer all . 
  bulgarians are different because they carry the basic traits needed for their offspring to be completely assimilated in every european country . 
  after a generation kids in germany or the uk born to bulgarian parents have no trace left of their previous culture . 
  they are white , christian or atheist and with no predisposition to be zealous about their culture and keep it like the maghrebis in france or pakis in the uk , who continue to be so even after many generations . 
  they integrate , but they do not assimilated . 
  bulgarian assimilate after 1 - max 2 generations completely and i ' v met germans with both parents bulgarian ( or romanian for that matter ) who were indistinguishable from other germans by anything other than their last name and considered themselves nothing but german . 
  this does n't work the same with africans , asians or gypos in europe , and you know it but of course need to be politically correct . 
  they brainwash you like that , i know , so no worries . 
  i have looked at my country , i live in it actually and love it . 
  at 18 i went to study bachelor 's in the uk for 4 years . 
  then did master 's at leuven in belgium and some internships at the eu commission and council of the eu in brussels . 
  also lived briefly in germany . 
  for 2 years i am now back in sofia , have a good sallary and a life far better than most of the people i met in western europe . 
  my country has plenty of problems and they all result from our 45 year occupation by the red army , rather than cultural differences like the people of afrika or asia . 
  prior to 1944 bulgaria was with a standart of life and level of development comparable to belgium , so besides economic and political differences due to communism there is no deep-rooted civilizational difference with western europe as africa and asia have , which would inhibit bulgarian immigrants from fully assimilating their offspring in western europe . 
  ( not that i would care if it did , i do n't consider western europe 's social ideas superior or commendable ) 3 . 
  how many people wanted bulgaria or did n't want it to join the eu is relevent to the question of integration of immigrants from it and from africa/asia ... how ? 
  not sure how to paraphrase it more simple for you to understand : `` eastern european ( that 's part of a continent ) gypos ( a semi-nomadic ethnic group from india stuck in the middle ages ) are n't any better ( at integrating in european society and improving their host country for the better ) than african ( that 's another continent ) or middle-eastern ( that 's a region also stuck in the middle ages ) people ( homo sapiens sapiens ) , yet carry eu passports ( because they are , unfortunately for us here in e.europe , born in our countries ) . 
  trust me , we ( who get robbed , killed , raped and mugged by the gypos whilst paying for their wellfare ) know . '', 
  easier now ? 
  because when a city has 33 million like japan teh tiniest real estate space costs astronomically and people have to live like ants . 
  i ' v been to japan , i ' v seen it firsthand . 
  that 's , of course , the least of the problems with high density overpopulation - if you ' r anywhere above the ages of 8 you know very well the rest . 
  meanwhile , i 've actually lived in one of those identical houses in coventry for 4 years and not only did i have 3 times as much space as someone in tokyo does , but i paid far less for it . 
  regardless of how they look it is an undeniable fact that people in england live more comfortably than people in asia 's huge cities and that will change if their population density becomes the same . 
  but i guess you do n't give a fuck as long as it is n't your country and you can `` bravely '' defend the ideas of the far left . 
  just because a problem can be fixed does n't mean it has to be invited , does it ? 
  maybe they do n't want to turn england into a crowded asian concrete jungle where people live in tiny one-room apartaments the price of european houses ? 
  but there 's probabably little point to me trying to argue the negatives of mass immigration to someone nicknamed `` anarchisto '' . 
  spirits existed in central asia in the early middle ages . 
  look up mongolian spirit . 
  true distilled spirits in europe appeared however only in the 12th-13th century . 
  so by both of these facts we can assume , that if palinka comes from the dark ages you already had clear contact with spirits from central asia . 
  and if it comes later , with the other european spirits in the high middle ages - you already had plenty of time in europe to develop your own way of naming it . 
  every other nation in europe did so when naming their local drinks , it would be highly extraordinary if only the hungarians , ever so proud of their unique language and culture , were the only ones to specifically use another language to name their own creation . 
  it 's a pretty weak theory and i suspect you know it . 
  because you ' r talking about borrowed words . 
  when a nation creates its own name for something it rarely uses foreign words to mix them and name something of its own . 
  taking a word that describes something alrady existing and basic from another language is normal . 
  creating your own national product , like a form of spirit for example , and specifically finding the foreign word for `` burning water '' and using it to name your own thing is something , i ' v frankly , never seen . 
  in bulgaria we 'd rather be seen as `` the balkans '' more , especially since we gave the name to the peninsula . 
  so the prussians were asian steppe people ? 
  lol that 's not our country , it 's more like a western-european teen exclave , i barely heard bulgarian speech whilst there last summer . 
  why did the hungarians give it a slavic name then ? 
  makes little sense . 
  if we ' r talking about `` actual '' , as in historic spelling , it 's \u041f\u0430\u043b\u0438\u043d\u043a\u0430 . 
  you know , from those almost 1000 years you wrote in our alphabet . 
  the funny thing is how romanians and hungarians fight for palinka , which in fact is a purely slavic name ( pali means to burn , palinka is like burn-drink in slavic ) . 
  i do n't know man , maybe enough for a giant freking statue in the middle of the capital : http://reuniting-europe.blogactiv.eu/files/2012/11/skopje-macedonia-alexander-the-great-statue-6.jpg or the national airport : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/skopje_alexander_the_great_airport.jpg or re-enactments : http://historyweb.dennikn.sk/uploads/101.jpg, 
  i know , it 's pathetic . 
  they claim all these people as `` macedonians '' , including lenin , stalin , gagarin etc. 
  : https://www.facebook.com/makedoneu/videos/500653909969237/, 
  the comintern created the macedonian identity , not belgrade . 
  ( belgrade tried serb-inizing them , not making them `` macedonians '' ) it is all quite well documented , the entire process of decision making in moscow and the steps taken afterwards , including with the help of our own communist regime to make up a whole new language , history and identity . 
  i blame them for it , and our tzar ferdinand for loosing the region in the first place . 
  here 's a well-made docummentary on it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ek-th9ia4w, 
  do visit , it 's wonderful as a destination . 
  i was obviously taking the piss . 
  i 'd say it is n't an acutally felt grudge bulgarians have when hearing about serbs or meeting them , since most do n't really care that much about history . 
  it 's something that flares up when discussing history though and in those cases - definitely . 
  the lost of macedonia is akin for bulgarians to the lost of northern cyprus to the cypriotic or the trianon treaty to the hungarians . 
  1/3 of our nation was cut out and then slowly assimilated into the frankenstein of an identity modern `` macedonians '' have , with their strange mixture of ancient greek , medieval bulgarian and overall balkan histories into one . 
  so as long as a serb speaks to bulgarians about anything else he ; ll get a pretty positive attitude , but talking aobut that part of history might change it . 
  usually the gypos are the criminal contingent .
