  an eu that has a common army , a common foreign policy and a common border protection can do that . 
  it does not need , however , to impose common legislature or laws on the societies within it . 
  they are quite different so they need , and have the right to , quite different laws and ways of governance . 
  what the dutch want for their society can be fundamentally different from what the andalusians or the greeks want , so it would be wrong and oppressive for either to impose their ways through the center of power on the others . 
  not even mentioning the opportunity for large-scale damage a large center of power can inflict whenever it gets mismanaged , corrupted , lobbied or taken over by the wrong people . 
  look at the damage trump 's administration can do to the global fight against climate change . 
  or the damage putin does to the peace in europe . 
  or the damage riyadh spreads with its support for terrorism and wahhabism thanks to its immense oil wealth and unaccountable power . 
  imperial capitals such as these always end up corrupted and causing massive damage from time to time , in a way that small centers of power simply ca n't , no matter who takes over them . 
  are you blindly believing a european superstate can and will never be taken over by the wrong people , corrupted or lobbied ? 
  because we are superior ? 
  better ? 
  past our human nature here in europe ? 
  that 's moronically na\u00efve . 
  cultural/civilizational * nothing wrong with cheering your civilization throughout history . 
  besides the fact the levant would be far better off if it had went through modern history as part of the european civilization , with christian kingdoms there as opposed to the caliphate . 
  renaissance , perhaps reformation , certainly enlightenment age and then industrial revolution = modern , civilized nation states a la europe instead of a shithole of islamic sectarianism and failed arab dictatorships . 
  it was thoroughly greek 1100 years after that date you wrote ( turk invasion in the 1070s ) , and with a substantial greek population , dominating the cities especially , barely 100 years ago . 
  we 're orthodox too but the greeks are overwhelmingly highly arrogant towards us and look down like some kind of third-world savages , despite being worse off than bulgaria before communism came here in 1944 . 
  it is xenophobic and racist to have a culture , identity or traditions if you are a white person today . 
  you not knowing this leads me to assume you are a xenophobe , a racist and a transphobe . 
  you 're welcome , 
  no , nationalism from its inception was about small groups fighting against the oppression of large , multicultural and trans-national empires . 
  it was at the core of the revolutions of the 19th century that broke out in the czech , polish , hungarian , serb , greek , bulgarian , romanian , croat , slovene , italian , lithuanian and many other lands , by far not just in ireland . 
  what drove empires like the british one was quite simply , pure old imperialism , like the one that existed for millennia before nationalism was invented . 
  and it was invented precisely against it . 
  from persia and rome to britain , the ottomans or the russian empire , basic imperialism and expansionism was the driving mechanism . 
  nationalism arose as the decentralization force against that and * for * the liberty and self-rule of smaller societies . 
  you know what is an even greater and effective statement of the marxist cause ? 
  what a brain-dead reply . 
  where did he say in his comment he likes the fact mlp got there ? 
  he expressed something entirely different . 
  a person was glad the marxist did n't win , you pull out of your arse that he thinks mlp getting there is ok . basically a perfect example of [ a loaded question fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loaded_question ) . 
  power corrupts and absolute power corrupts absolutely . 
  throughout history the greatest crimes and dangers have come from the greatest concentrations of power , namely empires , large confederations , powerful alliances or unions etc. 
  furthermore , human tribal nature has often been coupled with this to cause one group of humans to use such concentrated power to oppress , assimilate , change or outright cleanse other groups . 
  nationalism is a 19th century , liberal ideology deriving precisely from the above historical facts , and aiming at giving the individual peoples of the world the liberty and right to self-govern , in order to avoid both points mentioned above -- the dangerous concentration of power that enables history 's most gruesome crimes , as well as the ability of one human group to dominate many others and impose upon them things , ways , ideologies , traditions or punishments . 
  to believe an ever increasing political globalisation will not corrupt those who rule or cause massive damage from their excess of power or various experiments , is to be a naive idiot who blindly believes \u201e the people '' are ever in charge , as opposed to small elites , whose power is always better decentralized into smaller units where it can more easily and directly be checked , as opposed to creating untouchable and unaccountable imperial hubs where those in power are as removed from the regions they rule as possible . 
  ( ie , washington , the kremlin , ankara , a federal , centralized eu state , etc. ), 
  why ? 
  they were colonial subjects . 
  what 's the point in having an empire if you ca n't even use your own colonial subjects without having to recompensate them ? 
   until you remember she 's a fascist why until then ? 
  what 's wrong with being such ? 
  what 's happened to the bulgarian-romanian border ? 
  did the danube go south ? 
  it makes no sense , even from a stereotypical point of view , looks like a drawing mistake . 
  then read more often https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkanization, 
  so basically the worst kind of immigration for europe possible . 
  balkanisation in the 21st century to the max . 
  they are n't a majority yet . 
  what happens to a society when they do become is profoundly well documented . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's a radical wing of the left which has temporary taken over due to the hysteria nazis created over nationalism . 
  things are gradually balancing themselves out at the moment . 
  `` the left '' also fiercely defends bringing millions of people from societies where they drop gays from high buildings . 
  which is more important to a gay person - his marriage prospects or his life ? 
  `` you goddamned idiot '' ... what ? 
  one ought to finish his sentences after addressing or insulting someone . 
  or are you a brain dead moron who ca n't do that , so basic 3 word insults are all we can expect him to produce ? 
   ^ this shit is borderline islamophobic is opposing islam meant to be an insult or an indignation of some sorts ? 
  is `` naziphobic '' a term you use as well ? 
   anyways , so we 've identified the problem . 
  for you , assuming i understood your screed correctly , if one wants to be accepted into a community , they must ignore their freedom to do anything but stupidly emulate the locals , living their whole lives wondering how others will perceive their decisions and always conscientious about fitting in . 
  living like that must be suffocating . 
  no wonder so few do it . 
  nope , you did n't understand correctly and just the same thing as before - take an argument and draw it to absurdity . 
  to merely adopt or give your children the cultural traits of the indigenous majority you live in , such as name or language , is not `` suffocating '' . 
  it 's basic assimilation into the local cultural group . 
  people who do it have zero problem being perceived as others by the indigenous . 
  people who do n't , do . 
  it 's quite simple really , yet you seem to struggle with the fact that there exist nations which are n't recent colonial creations like canada and have n't embraced cultural relativism and globalism . 
  nations that actually feel perfectly fine having a distinct identity and culture based on the traditional language , customs and history of the indigenous people there . 
  europe is full of those nations and most people within them are perfectly fine with having a quite specific set of cultural traits that define theirs . 
  names , language , religion or lackthereof , certain customs and above all identity is what defines if you belong to the german , the hungarian , the portogues etc. 
  nations . 
  because it might not be the case so in canada or other recent colonial , multicultural creations based on civic nationalism rather than cultural one , is entirely irrelevant to this continent and what we discuss here , on r/europe , about europe . 
  try and wrap your mind around the fact that merely liking how the structure of the nation is in canada does not magically make it so , or even right , about other nations . 
   do you know why being polish was so important for nietzsche ? 
  it 's because it meant that he would n't be completely german . 
  at one point , he claimed to have written for some time a portion of his works in french . 
  his german/polish dualism later morphed into a french/polish fantasy . 
  but everyone considered him german . 
  the poles , french , italians , swiss , everybody . 
  nobody cared about his self-identification . 
  did you miss the beginning of my original post , where i wrote the exact same thing , that the poles do not consider him his own ? 
  why do you insist on proving to me that everyone believe him to be german , when i never said they did n't ? 
  why does nietzsche get to be a madman and still be german , but poor mohammed , who works at the bank and has a respectable life , is still an outsider because he speaks arabic to his grandmother and goes to a mosque ? 
  ask mohammed . 
  why , indeed , does he insist on being an outsider when he was born in germany , and often even his parents were . 
  why does he not assimilate his children by giving them local names , speaking to them in the local language , sending them to a school full of local children and not raising them to follow the socio-political ideology medieval arabs invented to unite their peninsula , which has been thoroughly foreign to 99 % of germany 's population and identity , and a main enemy of european civilization as a whole for the past millenium ? 
  gee wizz , i only raised my children to have thoroughly foreign cultural identity -- why do the locals don '' t accept them !!!? 
  learn to avoid the most blatant logical fallacies during debates , such as giving the most extreme eamples out of the context of the debate . 
  we talk in r/europe about a guy from germany identifying as polish ... you give example with china . 
  clearly we are discussing the european civlization and the perceptions of identity here , now . 
  hence my examples which you failed to address at all . 
   if that was the case , we would n't have the 3rd generation of immigrants still considered as outsiders . 
  we have such because they consider themselves outsiders and have been raised as such . 
  not 3rd , but merely 1st generation immigrants i met in the uk fully assimilated . 
  a guy called brian , typical chav , purely english , turned out had both parents polish .
