  same as i wrote in the title ? 
  i wrote exactly what the article says . 
  white people and men were asked not to attend an anti-racism event , and the student union supported it . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  did i misunderstand the article ? 
  i do n't know what editorialising means . 
  can you explain what i did wrong as to a non-native english speaker ? 
  i did n't think anything about it until i went on a visit . 
  of the 4 romanian towns craioiva seemed most infested with gypos . 
  later i met a ton of romanians in the uk and belgium and they explained to me it was such because they have one of the highest populations of gypos in romania . 
  same as sliven in our country , but much more numerically . 
  the centre was lovely though . 
  craiova is one of the most gypsie towns in romania . 
  considering our 3 countries ( i 'm from bulgaria ) are the gypo states of europe i find the name `` the craiova group '' fitting . 
  how sorry is anyone in the islamic world at the persecution of the large minority of europeans in algiers after it got its independence ? 
  or in the other middle eastern colonies ? 
  or in africa ? 
  i never really heard of anyone mention it . 
  same with muslims in the balkans - they are the direct result of the ottoman empire , a colonial population that would n't be there if the turks had n't invaded in the first place . 
  so who 's responsible for them when it falls ? 
  that same empire . 
  the reason you ca n't understand it is because , like most atheists today , you ' v created a straw man of religion in your mind , the product of satire and ridicule that makes it look quite different from what it is or how most believers perceive it . 
  atheists paint it as a bunch of irrational fairy tales , believed literally by gullible and weak people . 
  naturally the reason for this is primarily so atheists themselves can then feel like they must represent the opposite - rational , intelligent , strong-willed people . 
  the reality is far from this . 
  i ca n't speak for most other religions , but growing up catholic i was taught both by my parents , teachers and priests at religion classes to look at christianity as a philosophy on morality and life , rather than an explanation of the world . 
  the bible stories were dissected in religion class to show their metaphorical meaning , and never even slightly taken literally . 
  no one ever tried convincing me that there was a snake who talked , a man who split the sea or a `` fiery hell '' with pits of lava and horned devils . 
  and neither did christians believe in these things throughout history - the vast majority of what atheists use to ridicule christianity comes from works of fiction , not canon - such as dante 's inferno , `` paradise lost '' or modern culture . 
  only later , in the 19th century did fundamentalist christians arise among the us protestants , who grew to be today 's us `` creationists '' and evolution-deniers . 
  so what i would rather ask is how long will atheists continue feeding themselves the irrational , ignorant fairy tale that religion is this goofy , literal circus of ignorance portrayed in satirical works , rather than a complex set of philosophies , many of whom atheists themselves would agree with had they actually ever tried looking past the biblical metaphors that frankly , no one besides atheists and fundamental protestants takes literally . 
  poorer people today are fatter . 
  people migrate all the time , but when specific people are being settled by a occupation force on someone else 's land it 's called colonialism . 
  the ottomans settled groups of muslims specifically in the most fertile places in the balkans - like dobrudza and thrace . 
  people all the way from the caucasus were brought - like the circassians or the tatars . 
  they took over the land of local people as is very well documented in the case of the bulgarians continuously expulsed from dobrudzha and taken over by turks and tartars . 
  as late as 1877 bulgarians had no right by law to buy land in that area - an area they had been living on as early as the 7th century , or 600 years before the turks even set foot in europe . 
  you do n't call that colonialism ? 
  it does n't matter how long the muslims remained in the balkans - they did so only because of the ottoman occupation . 
  the ottoman invasion brought the massess of muslims to the balkans , the ottoman invasion gave them land from the locals , , the ottoman occupation kept them there and treated them with far more rights than the other `` millet '' . 
  this is pure colonialims and is therefore right that the end of the ottoman occupation saw the end of their presence there too . 
  i only regret bulgaria was far too tolerant and actually did n't expulse or take the land of their former overlords , which is why today we have almost 800,000 muslims here who try ruling the country through the disgustingly corrupt dps party . 
  accepting a historical fact happened and regretting it did are two different things . 
  those people you mention accept the violent expulsion of the muslim colonials in the balkans happened . 
  they just do n't care it did since they view their very presence there as a result of the ottoman invasion and thus its responsibility . 
  however the turks do n't even recognize the armenian genocide even happened . 
  they deny its very existence . 
  can you see the difference between the two or is too complex ? 
  if you do , then this is why people say your link is irrelevant - it shows a different example , not of something denied but something ignored . 
  if you want to give a proper example to the armenian genocide find a genocide of ottoman muslims that is being denied and completely not accepted as fact by the others . 
  oh wait , you wo n't find one ... 
  you still have n't explained what hypocrisy you mean . 
  hypocricy for hating on a country that occupied and oppressed you for 500 years ? 
  disliking ( i would n't say hatred ) for those people today , who deny that country 's crimes ? 
  i have no negative feeligns for the turks and neither do the vast majority of people in bulgaria since we live with many of them , both part of our turkish minority or some of the many turkish students in sofia , plovdiv and burgas , but i truly do n't understand how you 'd blame us for disliking those turks who deny our ancestor 's 5 century struggle against an ivador . 
  those turks who try claming the empire was `` like a brotherhood of nations '' ( i ' v been told this ) , `` where the local christians were actually given a great opportunity for success and rise within the empire '' . 
  such disgusting white-washing of history should make anyone , not just from the balkans , sick and yet you call us hypocrites for it ? 
  in the balkans no one blames the ottomans for the current economical state . 
  no one with a brain that is . 
  simply because we were already rich and developed 80 years ago , before the communists ruined us . 
  however , this does n't mean we ca n't blame the ottomans for the half a bloody millennium of occupation . 
  for 500 years my people did n't have a country , did n't have rulers or aristocracy , did n't have the basic freedom to build their own temples , rule their own settlements , have their own army , carry weapons or even wear certain colours of clothing !, 
  and yet i go on the internet to see smug turks be proud of the ottoman empire and tell me how well everyone lived in it . 
  then proceed to deny the genocides and crimes committed . 
  guess what , even the murder and deportation of the balkan muslims was indirectly the fault of the ottoman empire which brought those people there in first place . 
  had armenia , bulgaria and greece been independent and not occupied by the turks there would n't be a muslim and turkish minority in either of these countries , to be eventually subjected to revanchism and deportations . 
  do you think it was a crime the 1 million french colonists were kicked from algeria ? 
  i doubt it . 
  and algeria was barely 100 year french occupied - the balkan people suffered 500 years of that and still did n't murder the turks left there . 
  which is why bulgaria has 800,000 turks today . 
  turkey on the other hand has how many greeks , armenians and slavs left ? 
  the balkans were as prosperous as western and central europe before 1944 . 
  pictures of old sofia , belgrade or bucharest are hard to distinguish from cities in france or austria . 
  scientists from romania , bulgaria , serbia , greece and croatia contributed to science immensely for such a small region . 
  so yes , the balkans are a major contributor to civilization , with their current impoverished state entirely due to the red army 's imposition of 45 years of communism . 
  poland was certainly not unique in that . 
  large parts of spain were the same . 
  large parts of ukraine , modern belarus , the baltics , sweden . 
  poland was certainly not the only country with a large , habitable but sparely populated area , yet it was the only one to avoid the plague on such a scale . 
  and furthermore , you forget the other region attached to poland that missed it - bohemia . 
  a small area , heavily populated , very wealthy and connected , with population centres and trade . 
  there 's nothing unique about the demographic and geographic composition of either of these regions and yet they both , being attached to each other , missed the plague when all around them - to the south , north , east and west , did n't . 
  there has to be something more to it then . 
  but poland , and certainly bohemia , was n't lees connected , more isolated or sparsely populated than scandinavia , karelia or russia , which were shown as infected . 
  so why is the isolation and sparse population theory still repeated ? 
  but poland , and certainly bohemia , was n't lees connected , more isolated or sparsely populated than scandinavia , karelia or russia , which were shown as infected . 
  haha , that 's a golden comment right there . 
  `` also known as bulgarian salad '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shopska_salad, 
  a salad named after the shopluk area . 
  which is 90 % in bulgaria . 
  that entire answer was pointless . 
  it can be used for absolutely every single opinion on this site ever . 
  i am a person with an opinion - you can agree with it or try to disprove it . 
  making an ad hominem serves no purpose in the discussion and just shows the lack of other arguments . 
  you ' r completely wrong unless you studied in some forgotten village . 
  i had to study plenty of foreign litarature - victor hugo in 6th grade , ancient greek in 7th , shakespeare and chaucer in 8th , geothe in 9th and plenty more . 
  besides , bulgarian literature is neither scarce nor boring . 
  studying obligatory french and arabic is enough i guess . 
  they did n't and no one ever in any country claimed they did . 
  kyril and metodii created the glagolitic alphabet .
