   falklands are not at the middle of the ocean by itself yes they are . 
   also , britain is pretty much hypocrite on these matters - it still holds territories in cyprus aaaan here 's the reason you ' r stretching your imagination so hard to somehow invalidate uk rule over the falklands . 
  sorry mate , your agenda 's showing . 
  try and come up with some sensible arguments other than `` muuuh colonialism '' . 
  \u0142 \u0107a\u043d \u0440\u043e\u043bi\u015b\u017c-\u0107\u0443ri\u0142\u0142i\u0107 a\u0142\u0440\u043da\u0431\u0435\u0442 !, 
  well to be honest most of the gypo villages and `` ghost '' villages with a couple of shepherds in them have n't got these utilities anyway . 
  you already were out of arguments in your previous reply . 
  hence why you used `` tu quoque '' fallacies and why he gave up . 
  it would be treason in any state that is not a union . 
  depends what this self determination consists of . 
  if it alters the constitutional borders of the country , then sure it 's treason . 
  i 'm not saying this negatively , i actually support the basques and the catalans , but i fail to see how it 's not treason from the viewpoint of the spanish state as it exists . 
  good comparison - those were all people who were enemies of the state they lived in and their foreign co-operation was with enemies of it as well . 
  the goal in both cases was to destroy the system and take power to impose their own version of a socio-political order . 
  hence why , if podemos are trying the same , it 's clear treason . 
  should it be proved in court , they ought to be delcared enemies of the state and tried for high treason . 
  how so ? 
  pakistani 's in the uk are n't there thanks to the eu , they are thanks to the commonwealth . 
  the eu factors in with uk migration when it comes to eastern european migrants , not when it comes to muslims . 
  the uk 's got muslims and africans entirely on its own accord . 
  it 's not another problem , it 's the exact same one - sweeping sexual crime under the rug and ignoring the hightened likelyhood of a certain demographic to commit sexual crime , or tackling the issue with firm action . 
  if your state does the first , it will have sexual assaults with or without the eu . 
  if it choses the second , it wo n't , again regardless of membership . 
  i do understand the attempt to break down the issue into a well-defined set of rules and definitions , but what you seem not to understand is that actually very few things in society work like that . 
  most , in fact , are based on tradition and entirely biased factors . 
  why should a language have more rights within a state than another one ? 
  cause it 's more popular ? 
  cause it has existed there for longer ? 
  well , yes . 
  same with many other traits of a nation - traditions , holidays , cousine , common laws , and religions . 
  orthodoxy , judaism , islam and buddhism are simply adhered to by large enough groups in russia , for a long enough period of time to be considered traditional , as opposed to others . 
  no strict rules apply here , no clear definition and no non-biased approach . 
  no denying that , nor a reason for it to be . 
  cultural traits of a nation are n't a mechanical construct to define , they just exist . 
  not sure what you ' r sure of . 
  sorry i do n't read minds . 
  keep the country the last one without a working judicial system , 100 % controlled by the economic elite ? 
  i 'm sure a few highways with eu money compensate for that ... 
  rome was n't part of the old one many times too - during the 3th century crisis , during the year of 3 emperors , during the division of the 4th century ... rome was n't the capital also long before the collapse - revenna was at some point , other cities at other points . 
  diocletian even moved the capital with his own court and never settled in rome at all . 
  rome was nothing but an insignificant city that drained the imperial budget at the end . 
  it was n't needed for the empire to exist or for its identity to survive . 
  the greek-speaking `` byzantine '' as you call them basileus firmly maintained they are full roman emperors , directly from augustus octavious , and their country is the same empire , only having lost its western part . 
  same as if france today conquers wessex and london . 
  england can still continue to exist without london . 
  you still do n't get my point . 
  you are wrong about the identity thing - no , they did n't lose the roman identity . 
  rome changed its capital , but the eastern roman empire continued to consider itself 100 % roman and carry on that identity . 
  the citizens continued to call themselves roman and consider each other - regardless what language they spoke , of the same state and identity . 
  the greek-speaking roman considered the armenian-speaking roman of his own people , but did n't consider the greek-speaking fatimid subject in alexandria of his own people . 
  throughout the entire life of the `` byzantine '' empire as you refer to it , all of its citizens carried the identity of being romans . 
  those who spoke greek . 
  those who spoke arab . 
  those who spoke slavic languages . 
  all of them called themselves romans , in the respective language - rh\u014dma\u00eeoi , \u10e0\u10dd\u10db\u10d0\u10d4\u10da\u10d4\u10d1\u10d8 , \u0440\u043e\u043c\u0435\u0438 ... 
  they had one identity - that of romans , and called their state roman empire . 
  if they were alive today they would not understand why you call their country byzantine empire and they would insist they lived in the roman empire - the same one that was created by augustus octavian , to whom all `` byzantine '' emperors traced their power to . 
  they just believed their empire had lost its western part , but was the same state . 
  that 's proven by all medieval manuscripts and documents left by those people . 
  and it so happens , i was thought about this during my history bachelor at coventry university by a greek guy , but from alexandria , with an egyptian identity - dr. alexander kazamias . 
  you are the one who insisted to call it byzantine , not roman empire , despite the people of the time calling it roman and never having heard of the term `` bzyantine empire '' . 
  you do this because you want to insist the people in the empire did n't identify as `` romans '' , which they did , but as `` greeks '' - which they did n't , beyond language qualifications . 
  hence you still refuse to explain why did `` roman '' also include armenian speaking , turkic speaking , slavic speaking etc. 
  people , if `` it meant greek '' - as you wrote above . 
  `` romaioi '' did n't mean greek , sorry , it meant a citizen of the roman empire . 
  hence your original remark of us to call it byzantine and not roman is wrong . 
  based on nationalist feelings , which is laughable of you to accuse me of , when i 'm not even discussing my own nation here . 
  and yes , these romaioi people and roman empire had zero connection to your modern greek nationality , because nationality simply was n't invented as a concept yet . 
  please read about the age of nationalism first and about how identities worked in medieval time . 
  you must accept that no one shared your idea of a greek nation back in the 9th century . 
  same as all other modern nations . 
  it 's difficult to that when you ' r a nationalist , but necessary if you ' r going to discuss history . 
  on the contrary , you do the nationalistic side , i do the historical one that recognises no such nationalist identity existed in medieval times as after the 19th century , but let 's contain this discussion to one comment thread . 
  i ' v replied to you in the other one . 
  i still do not understand why you keep bringing language into this to support that they had a greek nationality and it was a greek nation state - language meant something very different before , and people had identities often different from their language . 
  in medieval times `` a greek '' , or `` an armenian '' , or `` a slav '' meant someone who spoke that language . 
  yet he could be loyal and identify with various state polities . 
  there were greek-speaking normans in souther italy . 
  they were loyal to the norman state there and identified with it . 
  there were greek-speaking muslims in alexandria during the fatimids . 
  they identified with the fatimid state . 
  same , there were greek-speaking romans , who identified with the roman state , not `` the byzantine '' or `` greek '' state . 
  they were as much `` roman '' as the armenian-speaking romans , the slavic-speaking romans , the arab-speaking romans etc. 
  nationalism formed many centuries after the fall of the roman empire in 1453 . 
  so stop equating the national identity of greeks in the ottoman period , say 18th century , with that of the greek-speaking citizens of the roman empire in the 9th century . 
  the two are very far off . 
  you 'd know that had you studied history for your bachelor degree , as i have , despite your assertion i know `` nothing about the issue '' . 
  the rhomaioi consisted of all subjects of the roman empire - including armenians , slavs , bulgars , turkic , arabic and kurdish people . 
  the greek speaking subjects were the majority , but all collectively identified not with a nation or ethnicity , but with the roman empire , which they saw as unbroken continuation since romulus and remus . 
  the rulers always signed as roman emperors , not greek ones . 
  stop with this modern nationalist greek rewriting of history . 
  lol nope . 
  very far off . 
  `` roman '' or romaioi in greek meant a citizen of the roman empire . 
  the rhomaioi consisted of all subjects of the roman empire - including armenians , slavs , bulgars , turkic , arabic and kurdish people . 
  the greek speaking subjects were the majority , but all collectively identified not with a nation or ethnicity , but with the roman empire , which they saw as unbroken continuation since romulus and remus . 
  the rulers always signed as roman emperors , not greek ones . 
  stop with this modern nationalist greek rewriting of history . 
  it simply had zero greek national identity . 
  yet modern greek nationalism tries to claim it , which is understandable cause that 's what nationalists do , but historically baseless .
