  my point was that historically the cultural centres and best looking cities in romania have been the ones with the most foreign influence , which was an answer to the claim that 's the case in ukraine too . 
  a city that only was built up with nice architecture 100 or 150 years ago like iasi , constanta , bucharest does n't constitue a `` historical cultural centre '' the way 800-year-old saxon brasov does . 
  now you ' v sunk proper low - having no arguments on the actual point you made left you resort to pathetic ad hominems . 
  people grow out of this attitude somewhere around elementary school , but not everyone is as lucky . 
  i 'm not bulgaria . 
  pss . 
  bulgaria is n't a euro country . 
  psss . 
  bulgaria does n't produce a lot of potatoes . 
  levander and roses are the leading agricultural product . 
  is there something you did n't get wrong in your posts ? 
  such an important decision ca n't be decided by the whims of a few percent that swing one way or another every few months . 
  it will have decades of reprecussion , be it negative or positive . 
  but those got their pretty old towns and most notable architectural landmarks during the state of romania , quite late , already the 19th century . 
  brasov and the likes of it got their hungarian or saxon architecture centuries earlier and have been cultural centres for centuries . 
  no , antioch , jerusalem and alexandria were never considered part of greece , nor part of europe . 
  people had a very clear distinction of europe and asia from the early ancient times and the greeks themselves called everything from the aegean east - asia . 
  does n't the same apply to romania - sibiu , cluj and brasov are also the cultural centres and best looking cities , being the ones with the greatest foreign influence , no ? 
  the bible was n't written nor redacted , nor accepted in greece . 
  the pentarchy is responsible for it and 3 of 5 seats were in the mid east - antioch , jerusalem and alexandria . 
  why should the present-day situation of christianty as a mainly european religion be transfarable to a day and age when this was not the case ? 
  christianity was born in asia , which was well defined as a separate continent and cultural civilziation since the early ancient times . 
  alexander called it asia , the romans called it asia and considered it a separate part from europe , and so did the early christians . 
  christianity was born in this continent of asia , not in europe , and had its heart and demographic and theological centres there all the time up until the islamic conquest . 
  christianity and the early christian world were asian , with europe merely a backwater , fringes of the christian world , and only the islamic conquest moved its centre to europe . 
  are we to somehow transfer this much later concentration of christiantiy in europe to its early , asian , history as well ? 
  it makes zero sense . 
  europe has been the continent of christianity for the past 1300 years , but it was asia for the 600 years before that , and it is was middle eastern people who wrote the bible and accepted it at the various patriarchical councils in middle eastern towns such as nicaea . 
  til nicaea and antioch were in europe . 
  which fact - that you have it hard ? 
  i do n't doubt it . 
  that people on average in euro countries have it harder than the russians ? 
  you ' r making me laugh . 
  i thought it was byzantine . 
  macedonian * you mean . 
  everyone knows all great historical people were macedonians , stolen from them by lying historians . 
  i thought it was the hungarians who brought the [ the romanesque style ] ( http://mek.oszk.hu/03400/03407/html/92.html ) to transylvania ? 
  and this anecdotal evidence sure proves the euro is in a worst shape than the ruble . 
  not the actual macroeconomic indicators and the fact millions of people in euro states live better with a more stable currence than millions in russia . 
  it 's you and your example that matters , do n't ever let anyone tell you the world does n't revolve around you . 
  you mean `` the fascist hunta '' passes lgbt laws ? 
  i wonder how the kremlin will spin this . 
  the hungarians and saxons did wonders in transylvania . 
  i know you ' r just trying to be edgy , but really mein kampf is a dull read . 
  hitler was a great orator and painter , but a rather poor writer . 
  did n't it come from the middle east ? 
  can i use my sallary in euros to buy food , housing , heating , gas , clothes etc for my family ? 
  yes . 
  can the average russian family do the same with its average sallary ? 
  hardly , and getting harder by the day . 
  `` real '' only refers to what can give you real stuff to live on - the euro can and does , the rubble on the other hand , in its current condition , increasingly ca n't . 
   well between a person that 's saying : well muslims and gays should be judged on their behavior and not on who they pray to and who they fuck and another person that declares yeah gays shouldnt work close to children you decide to reply to the first . 
  wtf ? 
  it 's my choice whom to answer , even if i had actually seen the other guy first and not you . 
  either say you ca n't / wo n't answer why you ' r making such pathetic accusations that a nation not wanting muslim enclaves equals one where muslims would be in danger to even visit , or answer it - just stop diverting towards why i 'm not addressing some other guy or what he said . 
  it 's really childish . 
   i dont want muslim enclaves , i dont want catholic enclaves , i dont want orthodox enclaves . 
  in that case you seem to agree with the polish - social and cultural enclaves that are different from the majority are a problem . 
  does it mean i should warn my catholic/orthodox/muslim friends to avoid you , cause you might bash their skulls , by your own logic in the original post ? 
  edit . 
  how do you get catholic enclaves in a majority catholic society ? 
  i do n't think you know what an enclave is , but judging by you missing atheist enclaves from the list , i think i get where your logical inconsistency comes from . 
  did i say it is n't pathetic ? 
  what kind of an answer is giving me somethign unrelated some other person wrote and asking `` hey , what i wrote is pathetic , but is n't this too ? '', 
  adress your own points , do n't divert towards others - you were the one who implied muslims should n't go to poland because they might get hurt , since the poles do n't want large scale muslim migration towards them . 
  thus you made the equation of not wanting muslim enclaves into your society with being violent towards any single muslim who visits . 
  answer that `` fucking pathetic '' way of reasoning , not whatever someone else wrote . 
  edit : your edit basically says `` i do n't give a damn what social and demographic changes occur in my society for as long as the people doing them do n't come personally to me and harm me . 
  like an ostrich with his head in the sand . 
  why do westerners always overdramatize things ? 
  being against an ever increasing presence of islamic culture in your society does n't equal wanting to bash the face in of every muslim you see . 
  poland is one of the safest countries in europe and has millions of tourists , including muslim , visit it . 
  they do n't get attacked for being such , yet at the same time the poles do n't want to import the cultural clashes an increasing muslim presence is bringing to other european countries . 
  it 's pretty ridiculous how the left has distoreted the debate on demographics and immigration in western europe into : 1 . 
  you love people , are a good person and want to accept all into your country unconditionally of what change it brings . 
  you are a hateful nazi and an agressive , violent person who will hurt those whom he does n't want to see emigrate into his state . 
  keep deluding yourself you ' r a `` wonderful human being '' for uncodintionally accepting the above narrative . 
  it 's fucking pathetic . 
  `` put up a fight '' - that 's got ta be the funniest thing i read this week . 
  every single war the british flee to their island and pay others to fight for them on the continent . 
  the us annual military spending for 2015 was around $ 610 billion , if it does n't change for the next decade that would be $ 6,1 trillion !!, 
  you have heard a french surrender monkey or greek debt joke 6.1 trillion times in your life !!!, 
  wow , that 's a lot, 
  `` because the german army likes to march in the shade '' it really does n't make much sense with just the average german liking to walk in shade . 
  you know why the champs-elysees has trees on both sides ? 
  :d because they were originally laid out in 1667 by andr\u00e9 le n\u00f4tre as an extension of the tuileries garden . 
  you know how many gears a french tank has ? 
  :d usually 4 forwards and two reverse , depending on the model . 
  as do most . 
  does n't the vast majority of voters work in some form of private business or a corporation ? 
  bulgaria did n't save its jews , it actively participated in their extradiction from occupied territories and was about to do the same in bulgaria . 
  it was the bulgarian society , led by the orthodox church , which protested , blocked railway stations and saved the jews . 
  this did n't happen in the occupied territories , hence the army there proceeded with what they had begun in bulgaria as well . 
  bulgaria did n't occupy greece , it occupied the territories greece took from bulgaria in the second balkan war and first world wars . 
  territories greece had accepted as bulgarian on the 1912 london peace treaty . 
  so argue the point - did bulgaria save the jews or did n't it , and could ' v greece done the same or not . 
  instead you try picking on what you perceive as my nationality , with as light childish banter basically saying `` do n't argue the point here , cause you ' r from bulgaria '' . 
   come on man , your country went with the nazis , you done fucked up . 
  it 's ok every single country has done some weird odd and now obviously misguided shit , no need to whitewash it as some noble endeavour . 
  but the orthodox church is what led the people to save the jews in bulgaria , and i ca n't imagine that church being that much different in orthodox greece ?
