  compare israel to its region . 
  it 's by far the freest and most democratic country out there . 
  what he compared was the messages these two presidents chose to send . 
  one was profoundly anti-european/western spouting the same old myths and lies , pandering to the islamic world - a civilization full of people who detest europe and our world whilst rapidly filling it up with their own enclaves . 
  the other was the opposite and aimed at valuing precisely that same civilization and people who 's main haters , the muslims , obama was appeasing . 
  did i speak in terms of terrorists and non-terrorists , or in terms of aggressors and defenders ? 
  yes , the taliban were the ones defending themselves and their country ( when they were afghani ) from an invasion . 
  they had the right to kill soviet soldiers at the time and on their own land , the soviet soldiers lacked that right as aggressors . 
  after the war the taliban became the aggressors and took the position of invading people 's right to life , liberty and property . 
  `` white '' and `` red '' terror are n't the same thing even when they commit the exact same amount or kind of violence . 
  white terror is always by definition and in practice - reactionary , ergo the result of a bolshevik , marxist or other variable of communist coup , revolution , takeover or the attempt of one . 
  since the system was , and is , based on private property and capitalism , the `` whites '' do n't mobilize to attack anyone or take their property . 
  the left does that , and when they do - the whites , i.e. 
  reactionaries , organize to counter it and preserve what they have and value in society . 
  hence , `` white '' and `` red '' terror are n't the same thing even when they commit the exact same amount or kind of violence . 
  because red terror is by definition offensive and revolutionary - aimed at attacking and destroying the existing society , whilst white terror is defensive . 
  the difference is like the difference in the legal the code between a person who kills you whilst he is trying to rob you , and a person who kills you whist you are trying to rob him . 
  and since violence and even murder in self defense is justified in every single legal code , so too is `` white terror '' by the same definition . 
  and since violence and even murder in self defence is justified in every single legal code , so too is `` white terror '' by the same definition . 
  you mean eastern countries like czech rep. and the baltics , right ? 
  when talking of the top 3 countries like we are now , spain is certainly nowhere near beating italy for the 3rd potential spot . 
  demographically , economically , militarily etc. 
  definitely . 
  they are the polar opposite scenario of transition that happened to poland . 
  i would n't call it luck though , just good governance and reforms . 
  let 's see if you are from the people who admit when they are proven wrong or childishly hold onto a position no matter what : [ donald trump says he previously claimed nato was ` obsolete ' because he ` did not know much about it ' ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-politics/donald-trump-not-know-much-nato-alliance-wolf-blitzer-cnn-obsolete-a7702201.html ) [ quote of the day : i only said nato was obsolete because i did n't know anything about nato ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/kevin-drum/2017/04/quote-day-i-said-nato-was-obsolete-because-i-didnt-know-anything-about-nato/ ) [ trump did n't know ` much ' about nato when he called it ` obsolete ' : report ] ( http://thehill.com/policy/international/330245-trump-didnt-know-much-about-nato-when-he-called-it-obsolete-report ) [ vox - posts | president trump did n't know much about nato -- ... ] ( http://nato.trendolizer.com/2017/04/vox---posts-president-trump-didnt-know-much-about-nato.html ) [ donald trump admits criticising nato while ` not knowing much ' about it ] ( http://www.newshub.co.nz/home/world/2017/04/donald-trump-admits-criticising-nato-while-not-knowing-much-about-it.html ) [ trump : i did n't know much about nato when i said nato is obsolete ] ( http://news.antiwar.com/2017/04/24/trump-i-didnt-know-much-about-nato-when-i-said-nato-is-obsolete/ ) [ trump finally admits : i said nato was obsolete because i did n't ` know much about nato ' ] ( https://latest.com/2017/04/trump-finally-admits-i-sad-nato-was-obsolete-because-i-didnt-know-much-about-nato/ ) those i found in just a few minutes , feel free to dig up as many more as you wish since this is an official , verified statement he made that you claimed he had n't . 
  i absolutely agree with trump on nato and the money issue . 
  i am just proving you were being uniformed when telling me trump admitting he did n't know enough about nato was not true and i just made it up because i disagreed with him . 
  he did say it , admit your mistake and we can move on . 
  i know he himself said his opinion on nato was uninformed and has since changed it after educating himself on the matter . 
  [ you missed the mark pretty hard with that remark . 
  ] ( http://cyprus-mail.com/2017/04/13/trump-says-nato-not-obsolete-reversing-campaign-stance/ ), 
  nope , he is an opportunist who does n't give a fuck about russia as a country or people , but as any opportunist wo n't deny any support he receives from them . 
  nor does he hate nato , he 's too uneducated on its role and purpose to have an opinion . 
  the reason people love/support him at all , including in poland , is because he 's an icon against far-left `` progressivism '' , postmodernism and its political and media entrenchment in the western world . 
  every tweet against the `` lying media '' of progressive elitists and left wing ideologues wins trump more support than any unfounded and often uneducated position he voices on international and geo-political matters such as russia or nato . 
  ergo , his supporters have learned to ignore whatever drivel he comes up with on issues he is obviously unprepared for and hardly even understands , but strongly enjoy it anytime he triggers the entire arrogant , slef-obsessed left wing echo chamber of `` antifa '' acitivists and gender-queer-bring all the migrants-here coalition of entrenched politicians , uni students/lecturers and `` social media '' activists . 
  economically dominating eastern europe is like being `` the healthiest cripple '' in the intensive care unit . 
  we were all basically dead in the water after the collapse of the wonderful gift the red army gave us in 1944 , so it does n't really say much if one is `` economically dominating in eastern europe '' . 
  anyhow , poland sure is doing very well compared to most . 
  so the germans tried to wipe out the polish nation and in turn you think the poles will ... save the german nation from being wiped out ? 
  why is everyone always excluding italy from the core alliance on the backbone of the eu ? 
  it 's far larger and wealthier than poland , as well as one of the chief contributors to the budget , as opposed to poland one of the chief beneficiaries . 
  does n't it make much more sense to add italy next to the `` franco-german '' backbone of the eu , rather than poland or anyone else for that matter ? 
  you could 've used a perfect example mussolini , why go with hitler ? 
  you are correct with this statement . 
  but is he incorrect to state that soros does , indeed , in this case give funding to the ngo 's we are talking of here ? 
  mind you , for centuries places like hungary , poland or bohemia were centers of wealth , whilst ireland or finland were rural , agricultural backwaters with cripling famines . 
  here , you can see the results of an uninterrupted development of a free market society versus what having a socialist planned economy on you does . 
  i ca n't think of another point in human history when bohemia was a poorer place than ireland , let alone by a factor of x3 . 
  the commies scarred some of our cities more than others . 
  bucharest is in this graph . 
  i am entirely aware of those . 
  but the wo n't change , they are filled with post-modernists and radical leftists who wish to see europe filled with non-europeans to achieve a `` post racial society '' or `` decolonize '' the western world . 
  it is up to the italians to enforce their sovereign borders against those . 
  no one is obliging you to bring them to europe , instead of dump them right back into the unguarded libyan coast ( there is no state there at the moment to stop you ) . 
  besides , you are a sovereign state that can still act like one , just as the bulgarian , hungarian and even austrian ones did when they started building border fences or put a halt to migration routes * despite * eu directives against it . 
  how did the basic agreement with the existence and enforcement of national borders become a `` neo-nazi view '' ? 
  you radical leftists have completely lost your mind . 
  here 's a reality check - the vast , vast majority of people on earth agree with the existence of national borders , hence you live in a world where by your definition the vast majority are neo-nazis . 
  you 've got a fleet , do n't you ? 
  use it , do n't whine on to others that you ca n't enforce your own bloody borders . 
  you used to be able to block the entrance of hannibal barca himself and actually dangerous armed forces through the mediterranean , using basic ancient wooden boats . 
  today , with a modern fleet , destroyers and even carriers you are unable to stop a bunch of ngo 's that ferry people from the libyan coast ? 
  give me a break . 
  if you lack the will to enforce your own sovereign , national borders , you ca n't be surprised others lack the will to deal with the consequences of it . 
  do you understand the difference between integrated and assimilated ? 
  i assume you do , which is why you chose integrated when what i spoke of was assimilated . 
  people will easily integrate in a society like sweden , england or france , but then form their own cultural enclaves with fundamentally different values , mentality and way of life . 
  the people in [ these french neighbourhoods ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5tsygfeg1iy ) are also economically and politically integrated , they are also `` doing fine '' , yet it does n't prevent them from creating a totally different local culture , values and way of life , highly contradictory to the classical european liberalism on which our civilization rests . 
  if the people you see in the video above become a majority in france ( and they are already above 8 million ) you can be certain this will be a fundamentally different - and worse , society . 
  because it will not rest on fundamental values of europe 's enlightement age , but on regressive culture and traidtions of the middle east and africa . 
  same thing will happen to your society if you allow its european population and culture to get replaced by `` integrated '' , yet not assimilated , non-europeans . 
  what makes them the most developped is the people who live there , the highly homogeneus nation of well educated people with a very specific mentality and culture , the product of centuries of history , emphasisizing things like lawfullness , order , innovation etc. 
  when those get replaced by cultural groups of africa and the middle east who refuse to assimilate into the swedish ethno-cultural one , the country will become like the places said groups came from . 
  people need to start understanding a country is a reflection of the society and demographics inside it . 
  lol , a sub about europe posts stuff about ... europe ? 
  tell us of the mosques columbus found in america or how the japanese are actually turks . 
  :d there are few nations as deluded and falsifying history as the turks . 
  on the contrary , what is today bulgaria , macedonia and northern greece were at the end of the 19th century the richest and most developped provinces of the empire . 
  by 1944 the balkans had an even greater advantage in their development level to anatolia or the middle east . 
  [ communism is what fucked them , and all of eastern europe , up . 
  that 's a nice reply from someone obviously not like the stereotype of an arrogant neckbeard on the internet i portrayed . 
  sorry if it offended you . 
  have a nice day !, 
  r/iamverysmart material right there . 
  i can already imagine you with the fedora and neckbear , m ` ladying your way around the internet detracting conversations to tell people how they should express themselves more eloquently , whilst contributing nothing to the topic and wasting everyone 's time . 
  mate , what the fuck are you on about , i clearly wrote :  the turks , on the other hand , have taken something like 70 % of ethnic greek land before the 10th century . 
  meaning 70 % of what was ethnic greek land before the 10th-11th century was then taken by the turks . 
  and compared it with much , much smaller percentage taken by the slavs . 
  are we using the same language ? 
  i imagine the lack of any established , sizable cities or centralized states in the region is why they are often forgotten or omitted on such maps . 
  i clearly stated that before the 10th century asia minor was n't turkified but greek , hence after the 10th century the greeks lost more than 70 % of their ethnic lands when asia minor got turkified . 
  only a part of the balkan peninsula , below the haemus mons , was ever [ hellenized ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a8/bgiusca_jirecek_line.jpg ) , and it is highly debatable how much of the thracians there were hellenised at all , considering their traditions still exist in the bulgarian and macedonian people . 
  sure , for a small ammount of time between the 2nd and the 7th centuries there was a process by the roman empire of hellenising the thracians below the haemus mons , and latinize them above it , but that can hardly be considered either latin or hellenic ethnic lands , more like an area of their influence which was abruptly ended with the slavic arrival . 
  so the greeks only lost a small ammount of ethnic greek lands along the coastlines of the balkans , far - faaaaaar , fewer than the massive ammounts of lands they lost in asia minor . 
  my ancestors never came to the balkans , they remained till this day in poland . 
  i came here recently , long after any greek trace was gone . 
  slavs have taken , i believe , a minimal ammount of ethnic greek land , mainly in macedonia . 
  the turks , on the other hand , have taken something like 70 % of ethnic greek land before the 10th century .
