  not even you 'd believe yourself whilst writing it , yet you got ta do it - after all you ca n't let those pesky anti-immigrationists have it , right ? 
  even at the cost of making up ridiculous arguments . 
  they do n't , they have an opinion . 
  you can argue the points of that opinion or choose to just be sarcastic and non-contributing . 
  if you consider muslim sudanese to be as easy to integrate and assimilate into german society as czech people per se , i 'd love to argue that point . 
  what i do n't want to be a part of is a pissing contest of childish remarks and `` edgy '' comebacks , which is all you ' v written so far . 
  hitler regretted europe became christian rather than muslim , since he considered the former a weak ideology of peace , and the latter very close to nazism . 
  '' `` based upon what i read in `` hitlers table talk '' , he spoke favourably of mohammed - not as a prophet but as a warlord . 
  hitler undoubtedly saw parallels between mohammed the conqueror , and himself . 
  i 'll give the best example ( of about six references ) from the aforementioned book . . `` had charles martel not been victorious at poitiers -- already , you see , the world had fallen into the hands of the jews , so gutless a thing was christianity !, 
  -- then we should in all probability have been converted to mohammedanism , that cult which glorifies heroism and which opens the seventh heaven to the bold warrior alone . 
  then the germanic races would have conquered the world . 
  christianity alone prevented them from doing so . '', 
  the word ` mohammedanism ' is archaic and is replaced by islam in modern usage . 
  i think this quote is interesting because it exposes hitler 's hatred for christianity and hints at nietzsche 's influence on him . 
  hitler seemed to believe that christianity was inherently weak and an example of what nietzsche termed ` sklavenmoral ' - the slave morality . '', 
  some other hitler quotes on islam : you see , it 's been our misfortune to have the wrong religion . 
  why did n't we have the religion of the japanese , who regard sacrifice for the fatherland as the highest good ? 
  the mohammedan religion too would have been more compatible to us than christianity . 
  why did it have to be christianity with its meekness and flabbiness ? 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- the peoples of islam will always be closer to us than , for example , france . 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- all islam vibrated at the news of our victories . 
  the egyptians , the irakis and the whole of the near east were all ready to rise in revolt . 
  just think what we could have done to help them , even to incite them , as would have been both our duty and in our own interest !, 
  but the presence of the italians at our side paralysed us ; it created a feeling of malaise among our islamic friends , who inevitably saw in us accomplices , willing or unwilling , of their oppressors . 
  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------- under the guidance of the reich , europe would speedily have become unified . 
  once the jewish poison had been eradicated , unification would have been an easy matter . 
  france and italy , each defeated in turn at an interval of a few months by the two germanic powers , would have been well out of it . 
  both would have had to renounce their inappropriate aspirations to greatness . 
  at the same time they would have had to renounce their pretensions in north africa and the near east ; and that would have allowed europe to pursue a bold policy of friendship towards islam . '', 
  the vote reflects most numerous nationalities and most popular languages on this sub and in europe . 
  germans voting for their own country is n't particurarly showing . 
  your sarcastic remark is still nontheless correct - a frenchman or a czech moving to germany is , indeed , not a threat to the local culture and values and will assimilate over a generation or two . 
  muslims tend not to . 
  stating facts in a sarcastic tone does n't make them any less true . 
  and when they cross to hungary they shout `` just do n't send us back to serbia ! '' . 
  then in austria : '' `` just do n't send us back to hungary '' and so on all the way to sweden . 
  i 'm polish , or a nation of mostly blond/light people to whom you serbs look like balkanite gypos . 
  still , your pathetic attempt at insult would be rather pointless if i was bulgarian as well , consdiering they had an european country centuries before you guys did . 
  ( and much longer time/bigger than yours ), 
  yep , just googled it , checks out : [ serbs ] ( http://blogs.r.ftdata.co.uk/photo-diary/files/2013/04/serbs.jpg ) [ bulgarians ] ( http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/photo/2013-05/07/132363969_31n.jpg ), 
  since the serbs made it up . 
  tatars came to eastern europe 600 years after bulgaria was created in the balkans . 
  do n't tell them that though , they love calling us that . 
  and we use our yesterday 's ration of food to bribe him for today 's . 
  it 's a vicious circle , pls send potato . 
  why is it 99 % of the time someone quotes nice things of the bible they are from the new testament , and when quoting bad things - from the old testament ? 
  and why is christianity getting the flak for this when it has the new testament to counter all the bad things of the old , instead of judaism - which is entirely based on the torah ? 
  2 edgy 4 me . 
  your fedora is showing - the catholic church is the largest charity organisation in the world , operating more than 5000 missions , soup kitchens , orphanages , hospitals , old people 's homes etc. 
  they house , feed and cure literaly millions of people around the world annually . 
  thousands of clergy and nuns work for no money to help others . 
  and this has been going on for 2000 years . 
  most of that time europe had no other social services than the church , because the secular rulers used all the taxes for castles , palaces and wars . 
  but of couse it 's much more satisfying to be an edgy teen atheist . 
  oh dude , do n't ge discouraged by the sub 's current main topic , it used to be amazing before this migrant crisis . 
  it will pass and you 'll see much more hilarious stuff like this on a daily basis . 
  i look for it in ikea meatballs . 
  yes , beacause it is 1960s vietnam here . 
  we eat dogs and put ants in our soup . 
  much poor , very hardship , pls send money so i do n't have to eat my little brother . 
  whereas putting would ? 
  what is this , a stupid german joke ? 
  history of the balkans * in a nutshell, 
  for anyone confused about the situation of macedonia in the balkans and why certain people react certain ways to them and their state , here 's a post i wrote a while back at r/askhistorians about it : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3e60jm/when_did_macedonia_become_a_primarily_slavic/ctc9p8x, 
  a serb acknowledging vardar macedonia was inhabited by primarily bulgarians ?!, 
  and that the serbs took it ?!, 
  and that they made up the `` ancient mace '' nation ?!, 
  jesus christ on a stick , am i dreaming ? 
  please , please call me a tatar at least once so i can know this is reality . 
  what atrocities by the bulgarian government ? 
  what people died ? 
  the bulgarian freedom fighters had a code not to touch the civilian muslims and turks all the way in the 19th century and you ca n't find a single instance of a masscre on them . 
  unlike the turks who butchered people by the thousands like at [ batak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/batak_massacre ) . 
  then in the next century the muslims actually took active part in bulgaria 's wars and fought against the ottoman empire in the first balkan war . 
  during communism everyone in the country was oppressed , everyone was sent to camps or in some way prohibited the freedom of movement and speech . 
  then the criminal regime tried changing the turkish names back to bulgarian once , as they had before the ottoman invasion . 
  when the turks refused they opened the borders exclusively for them . 
  all wanted to leave the regime - including the bulgarians , but only the turks were allowed . 
  and you call this exclusive privilige given to them only `` an attrocity '' ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  bulgarians were being shot in the back when they tried to escape , turks were given free passage and you call that `` an attrocity '' ? 
  oh and by the way , only 300,000 turks left , of which 85,000 came back . 
  you numbers are way off . 
  after 500 years of massacres on the bulgarian people , after genocides on the armenians , greeks , slavs and what else done by the turks , you have the audacity to call a stopped attempt at changing their names and the exlusive right to leave the borders `` attrocity '' . 
  that 's just pathetic . 
  it 's like the british calling , say , montenegro `` imperialist '' . 
  or accuse malta of `` colonialism '' . 
  turks have been commiting mass murders , rapes and genocide in the balkans at least a few times each century for 500 years , but dare an attempt at changing names and opening a border `` attrocity '' . 
  rich of you . 
  very rich of you . 
  if you guys do that , then be as prosperous as you want to be , i have no problem with that . 
  but excuse me if i do n't wish you the best as long as akp is ruling and your prime minister is a self-described neo-osmanist : http://www.todayszaman.com/diplomacy_i-am-not-a-neo-ottoman-davutoglu-says_193944.html http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2013/03/turkey-davutologu-ottoman-new-order-mideast.html, 
  we are n't an exporting giant , we export little and there will have to be complete societal collapse in turkey for those exports to not be able to find a market . 
  weak turkey will still buy what little we export , but not have any dreams of neo-osmanism or fund and support our unconstituional and highly corrupt turkish ethnci party that spreads separatism and instills a major chasm between us and our turk minority . 
  we are n't an exporting giant , we export little and there will have to be complete societal collapse in turkey for those exports to not be able to find a market . 
  weak turkey will still buy what little we export , but not have any dreams of neo-osmanism or fund and support our unconstituional and highly corrupt turkish ethnci party that spreads separatism and instills a major chasm between us and our turk minority . 
  and armenia . 
  basically every turkish neighbour . 
  go figure , as if they ' v been a historical manace or smth .
