  well , if you 're coming this way ... 
  i know you joke , but far too many russians actually believe they won wwii by themsleves . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  it is one degree of guilt to appease hitler and let him take what he wants now for promises to avoid war later . 
  it 's entirely different degree of guilt to actually invade countries with him and carve up eastern europe . 
  the west is guilty of not stopping hitler earlier , but the ussr is guilty of actually occupying countries in cahoots with hitler , supporting him economically and with resoures during his campaigns in the west , and eventually ensuring his invasion of their own state . 
  this all besides the fact they invaded and occupied numerous countries both prior to ww2 and after 1944 . 
  fair enough . 
  you keep running circles around the baltic states and some other eastern european ones , completely avoiding the argument i gave you that you do n't want to face - russian is almost entirely useless in the vast majority of europe , especially its demographic and economic centers like northern italy , switzerland , souther/western germany , northern france , benelux , the uk ... and that 's the question here - which is the most useful after english in all of europe . 
  your answer was n't that russian is just very useful , as you change it now , but that it is the most useful after english . 
  something i proved you wrong - both french and german are far more widely spoken across the continent . 
  hence , russian may indeed be very important , but not anywhere above 4th place , after english , german and french . 
  any of these 3 languages will get you further in more countries and is spoken by more second language speakers and in more countries overal than russian . 
  that 's the argument here , you can either address this or just continue repeating how russian is important in the baltics nad eastern europe , which is a pointless excercise . 
  what there is are degrees of objectivity , as in actually trying to show various points , or directly copying government positions . 
  in the west there is plurality - you have pro-western conservative medias , pro-western liberal medias , anti-western leftist medias , anti-western far-right medias , openly marxist media , openly fascist ones , highly pro-russian/putin medias like ours here that are connected to ataka and dps , or anti-russian medias . 
  you have it all , and none of them answer directly to the government . 
  in russia you have one side . 
  the kremlin side . 
  that 's it . 
  all else is persecuted and forced to shut down . 
  sure , the kremlin side has communist sides , capitalist sides , nationalists sides , but those are just nuances of one thing - the `` official party line '' as used to be when i was a kid , and now just has a different name . 
  in the west there is no `` official party line '' - you read the telegraph you get diametrically opposite views than when you read the guardian . 
  every single country has at least one massive , major media outlet that is openly against the government , but is n't persecuted by it . 
  you have that in russia ? 
  no , cause we saw how gradually these were taken out . 
  that 's what 's the difference - not the subjective idea of `` truth '' , but the very much real and measurable idea of plurality and freedom of view points . 
  you have these in the west to the point of oversaturation with pretty much any point , idea and side one can take , whereas you have almost none of it in authoritarian , almost one-party now russia . 
  why are you giving an argument for a single country , estonia , to a discussion of the whole of europe ? 
  i gave you the stats - french and german spoken to some degree across the entire continent , present in pretty much every single state , whilst russian only spoken in the east and barely present in central europe , entirely non-present in the west . 
  hence the argument is pretty much over - russian is n't as useful or as widely spoken in europe - as a continent , a whole , even if it is much more useful in separate cases like the baltics or ukraine . 
  this is a discussion on comparing languages in their overal context , which is what i gave you information on , whereas you counter back with single anecdotal examples without trying to counter the reality that russian will get you far less in most of europe , especially its demographic and economic heartlands of the centre and west , than german or french . 
   we become helpless against muscovites when last grand duke of lithuania died and king of poland become the only ruling monarch of two states , it gave clear window for grand principality of muscovites to grow out of proportion as no attention was put in east . 
  not going to start about ottomans they were n't the reason why we formed a unified state . 
  swedes did n't even exist as threat to us at that time , wtf are you talking about . 
  why are you asking what i 'm talking about when confirming the same below :  of it would n't , the same way poland would n't have survived either you admit the two states would n't survive without one another , yet above ask me wtf i am talking about . 
  i am talking about the inevitable rise of muscovy , ottomans and sweden , which would ' v crushed the dutchy if it was alone in the late 16th and 17th centuries , prolonging your occupation by a century . 
  first of all , the grand dutchy was a feudal state with nowhere near the capacity for liberal reform as the commonwealth , which later used that capacity to impose the tough anti-persecution laws during the reformation wars . 
  there 's no saying how the dutchy alone would wither those times . 
  secondly , the dutchy was helpless against muscovites , ottomans and sweden . 
  it would n't survive without a union with poland . 
  thirdly , in the commonwealth separate polish magnates tried catholicising the orthodox east , but there was never an actual push from poland or anything organised from the king . 
  there was by far the least ammount of intolerrance or segregation than 90 % of countries in europe at the time . 
  hence why it remained the state with no burnings at the stakes at a time when the rest of europe was a mess . 
  well i am glad you describe the situation in russia as you do , stalin should be viewed in a negative light by no one more so than the russian themsleves . 
  as for `` your point of view '' , why is it obscured by banning russia today ? 
  it 's just one media from russia , state owned and pretty much a direct and open tool for the propaganda of the regime . 
  is that `` your point of view '' ? 
  whatever thre kremlin says ? 
  there is no ban on russian medias here in r/europe , just on rt , so who prevents you from posting the objective , independent russian media outlets ? 
  other than the fact they do n't exist because they were crushed by the regime and replaced with rt , that is ... 
  trying really hard there my friend , despite just having a 4 day account filled with pro-russian and anti-ukrainian comments . 
   anyway , i 'll bite : you ; v given examples of either very small countries , or ukraine , which is bankrupt and rather isolated from europe . 
  meanwhile , with french and german you can find speakers almost everywhere on the continent : france has 66 million people , plus 50 % of the population of switzerland speaking it ( 20 % natively ) , plus almost half of belgium - there are 80 million native speakers of french in europe , and 220 million in the world . 
  however , 20 % of the entire population of europe know how to speak it . 
  german , on the other hand , has over 90 million native speakers in 5 countries - germany , austria , switzerland , italy and belgium . 
  across the continent it is spoken by a quarter of the population and spread quite evenly everywhere : https://jakubmarian.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/german-percentage-europe.jpg as opposed to russian , which is entirely concentrated in the eastern part and baltics : http://i.imgur.com/s0cgbxj.jpg with german you have a chance to find speakers from france to finland and from bulgaria to england . 
  with russian you ' r helpless beyond the former iron curtain . 
  the problem with putin-bots is n't the duration of their accounts or the names they choose . 
  it 's the conent of their posts from sources like `` altermedia '' or `` anonymous '' , basically low-quality click-bait populism or outright lies like the case with the russian raped girl in germany . 
  it 's that they do n't engage in debate , but spam comment sections with ad hominems and `` meeming '' in its worst form . 
  what you ' v got here is a guy just posting an article by a major media , which you might strongly disagree with , but even than can hardly compare to a random online blog of conspiracy theorists or tabloid trash like the sun . 
  it is still legally possible in certain constitutions to deport people , or strip them of their citizenship , should they be criminals . 
  all you need to do in this case is make it illegal to , for example , force your kid not to go to music class . 
  or if the state finds out you are radicalising your children by sending them to mosques with foreign , wahaby preachers . 
  or if you circumcise your daughter . 
  or a million other traits of radical muslims that are incompatible , and openly against , european values . 
  make these things illegal , then make it possible to strip criminals of citizenship . 
  one follows the other - radicals will start losing their citizenships , after which the state can freely make them leave , since non-citizens of your state that are also with criminal convictions have no right to remain in the country should it declare them persona non grata . 
  cause it was n't your nation that lost substantial part of its land and numbers . 
  if half of anatolia was taken from you and 25-30 million of your people killed or deported , i 'm pretty sure you 'd care quite a lot 100 years later . 
  conflicted feelings . 
  on one hand , strong turkey is always going to be seen as a threat here , not just historically , but also due to us having two small regions with a compact turkish population . 
  a putin-like strongman there sends creepy feelings of a putin-like `` crimea '' or `` donbas '' scenarios in our two ethnic turkish regions , should the nato picture change at some point . 
  on the other hand , a powerful financial centre right next to us ca n't hurt . 
  increased trade , investment etc. 
  all can be used beneficially to us . 
  so let 's hope for a prospereus turkey , but under a democratic , liberal , non-expansionistic regime that we can benefit from rather than be weary of . 
  the [ uk torture device industry ] ( https://www.amnesty.org.uk/china-tools-of-torture-trade ) is blooming though . 
  lol , sure . 
  it says most important in europe , not central asia or the caucasus . 
  the times lithuanians were an equal part of one of the largest , strongest , but also simultaniously most progressive and tolerant countries in europe ? 
  in between rudamentary medieval feudalism and russian/soviet occupation ? 
  difficult choice ? 
  poland was n't `` pushed '' more to the west than it had itself previously extended to . 
  it was n't pushed into brandenburg for example , for it to sound like some sort of artificial encroachment onto historic german lands . 
  modern poland is pretty much a copy of [ medieval poland ] ( http://webserver.sms.org/intranet/classes/history/worldhist/maps/web/eur1000ad.jpeg ) , before the german expansion onto slavic lands , the `` drang nach osten '' . 
  but on the other hand it was taken from some pretty significant eastern lands , like lwow for example . 
  there is agriculture in finland ? 
  i first meant to write a pup and wolf , but figured someone would say the pup will grow eventually , so changed it to a small breed of a dog . 
  and the barking just change to `` because they both have tails '' . 
  you get the point . 
  yeah right , lidl marketing specialist . 
  i 'm not trying your shitty cheese no matter how many discounts you ' v got !, 
  you ' r mentioning lidl and their discounts surprisingly often in this thread . 
  what again are you working in finland ? 
  i think you are exagerating . 
  kaczynski is n't an oligarch killing people left and right to climb the political ladder like putin did in the 90s , nor is he killing people whilst in power to destroy his opposition and silence dissidents . 
  he is n't accused of organising a terrorist attack to support a war like the russian agents that blew the apartament blocks to stoke the war in chechnya acused putin of ordering them . 
  he is n't stealing billions through his cronies and building palaces for himself and those around him .
