  `` often they died at home . '', 
  no one knows how many women died from these back-alley abortions . 
  `` celibacy tax '' : a woman did n't have to be pregnant to come under scrutiny . 
  in 1986 members of the communist youth group were sent to quiz citizens about their sex lives . 
  `` how often do you have sexual intercourse ? '', 
  the questionnaire read . 
  `` why have you failed to conceive ? '', 
  women who did not have children , even if they could not , paid a `` celibacy tax '' of up to 10 percent of their monthly salaries . 
  the rebels who overthrew ceausescu last month quickly rescinded the policy . 
  `` i would have killed ceausescu for that law alone , '' says maria dulce from her bed at bucharest 's municipal hospital . 
  the 29-year-old mother of two is recovering from a self-induced abortion . 
  here eyes are bruised with fatigue . 
  she is among a half dozen women in the dingy hospital room . 
  dulce says she terminated her pregnancy because of the trauma associated with caring for her second child , an 18-month-old boy . 
  `` we had to buy milk on the black market , '' she says , `` and we had to buy a heater just for the baby 's room . '', 
  she had to have an emergency hysterectomy only days before the uprising . 
  `` now that it 's possible for a woman to be a woman again i 'm mutilated , '' dulce says through tears . 
  `` and now there is a reason to have a child in this country . '', 
  no one is saying somalia is an anarchist `` paradise '' , on the contrary actually , they are saying somalia is the reality that happens when/if anarchists have their way and abolish the organized , central state , which they think could be replaced by either a capitalist utopia of nap and property rights , or a collectivist-syndicalist one of brotherly love and equality . 
  when in reality what happens is precisely what you described - people retreat into regional tribal groups , warlords , city-states or other forms of tribalism , as they have throught all ~ 200,000 years of our existance as a species , because tribalism is inherent and natural to humans . 
  hence , somalia or afghanistan is precisely where anarchists of all stripes should go to see what in reality people do when left without a central state as the monopolist of violence and law , rather then their equally idiotic and utopic ideas either on the left or right end of the spectrum . 
  what ? 
  good, 
  true . 
  i also heard he 's a pedophile , but salon told me that 's actually fine . 
  what are you proving with this statement ? 
  i claimed that racial identities do exist and gave some people as example . 
  you say that others do n't have it as if that somehow negates my original premise . 
  do blacks in the us have a widespread and pretty strong racial identity ? 
  do the latinos ? 
  do the whites in south africa ? 
  do the blacks in the uk ? 
  do the maghrebis in france ? 
  first i was like  then i read your comment and i 'm like :(, 
  cnn is a pile of lying , ideology-driven garbage . 
  i only read huffington post ... 
  what black people in the us or white people in south africa have . 
  again , just because you do n't have or understand something does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  that 's precisely the attitude i described above - liberals pretending things they do n't have , like or understand magically do n't exist around the globe . 
  your comment did n't address or negate any of my points . 
  kind of pathetic actually , trying to throw a personal jab at someone because you are unable to answer what you do n't like that he stated or asked . 
  this is not the plc , it did n't exist at the time . 
  this , as well as the plc in fact , is a post concerning the vast majority of eastern europe , why should n't the region and its history be given any attention ? 
  you prefer another post about refugees or `` toilets of europe '' ? 
  not caring about something is pretty stupid when it both exists , and is a very potent and driving force in the world one lives in . 
  liberals might put their heads in the sand when it comes to race , ancestry or ethnicity because they personally do n't care about those things , but it does n't mean the millions of people they keep bringing from other continents do n't bring with them and hold onto generation after generation strong racial , cultural or ethnic identities . 
  they are correct - like with all other land on earth , it should be `` returned '' to whomever the people decide to in a democratic referendum of each separate region . 
  that excludes military takeovers first like in crimea , but as a general rule , i do approve of each region on earth voting where to belong to . 
  ( or not to ), 
  the czech republic , estonia , slovakia , slovenia , romania and many others did n't exist prior to the 19th or even 20th centuries either . 
  kurdistan still does n't exist . 
  i do n't see how that invalidates the existence of their identities , cultures and histories . 
  the battle was a czech civil war . 
  no ukraine what ? 
  does he now ? 
  well butter my butt and call me a biscuit !, 
  bucharest street next year : `` memorable date in romanian military history !!! '', 
  this is a pertty typical turanic bullshit version of history . 
  they are like the panslavic russians , claiming all slavic history as belonging to russia . 
  so too the turkish today claim people like attilla , ghenghis or the bulgars as their own . 
  it 's quite pathetic . 
  there are many legends throughout history my friend , which one are you interested in ? 
  it 's polish , and you are the first person in my 26 years on this earth who has told me he finds it beautiful , least of all in written form . 
  plus the bohemians and tatars . 
  but about 60 % of the force came from the crown of poland and 30 % from lithuania . 
  `` the citizens '' who elected jogailo were a tiny political and economic elite of the polish magnates , so pretty much the same that elected putin into power . 
  putin 's kremlin proven to be the true heir of the jagellonians and the commonwealth , ta daaaa !, 
  it was poland and lithuania against the german monastic order . 
  well i thought you had similar examples when it comes to history and appropriating other nations ' such , not general authoritarian tendencies or political decisions , which are n't the topic of this thread . 
  what have the turks claimed ? 
  you make a wrong comparison - war vs a single battle , and celebration of something vs branding a battle a demonstration of a country 's military history . 
  what they should n't celebrate as `` memorable date in their military history '' are battles where they took close to no part in . 
  especially not with the symbols of modern day , much much later on , armies of nation states that have nothing to do with said battle . 
  stamping the ribbon of st. george on the entire battle of tannenberg is a painfully obvious way of `` russifying '' an almost primarily german-polish-lithuanian battle and dressing it in the modern-day symbols of the russian state . 
  it 's obvious what they are doing to anyone but a russian nationalist which you seem to be judging by the fact you have basically no comments in your history that are n't about that country . 
  context : out of the entire circa 20,000 strong polish-lithuanian army there were 2 regiments from smolensk , numbering 300 men each . 
  in comparison , there were about 4 times as many tatars on the same side . 
  finally ? 
  when have i claimed otherwise ? 
  and i 'm not sure what you ' r so gleefully happy about , when turkey 's even less capable of achieving anything near the development level of we . 
  especially with [ the kurdish demographic parity ] ( https://www.unzcloud.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/07/turkey-fertility-rate-2000.png ) you seem to be heading towards and the accompanying internal division and conflict such parity brings in every single country , especially in the near/middle east . 
  yes , you are correct . 
  i should 've written `` by our own emigration '' . 
  edited . 
  you misunderstood - i claimed our demographics are ruined by our own huge immigration away from our countries . 
  yeah i am pretty sure you are a misogynist white supremacist, 
  what do you mean `` we are doing just fine '' ? 
  your gdp per capita is many times smaller than that of western european countries and does n't seem to have any chance of catching up to them anywhere in the near future . 
  your economy is deeply non-diversified , stagnant and reliant on both the public sector and energy exports . 
  your demographics are horrendeus with russians having well below the replacement rate of 2.1 fertility , and a considerably positive fertility rate of the muslim-majority republics like chechnya . 
  you have an hiv epidemic of african proportions with the highest percentage of infected in all of europe together with ukraine and estonia . 
  you do n't even have 1 finished highway and alltogether less highway km than tiny countries like holland . 
  should i go on ? 
  you `` are doing fine '' ? 
  maybe in the context of what you expect of your country or are content with , but here we discuss catching up to the west , and there does n't seem to be any chance on the horizon that russia , or most of ee , will be anywhere near as rich and developped as places like holland , england , denmark or germany in the near future . 
  ceartainly not in our lifetime . 
  poe was a white male , his and all other scientific or intellectual theories by white men through history were only created through the power structure and experience of white men , and for the purpose of reinforcing said power structure . 
  all is subjective and a spectrum - sexuality , race , nationhood , culture , identity and , of course , science . 
  to claim an objective bi-polarizing of truthfulness in any of these is to reinforce the historic structures of oppression . 
  ergo , traditional western science has to be abolished same as traditional western concepts of identity , race , sexuality or values .
