  if a comment is retarded or not is a matter of debate , not insults . 
  admiting the purpose of his comment and others like it is to essentially insult someone without the dangerous vulgarity is a form of admitance you or the person writing it are trolls . 
  since a troll is the one sending nothing but meaningless insults , not the one who expresses political/ideological opinions you disagee to the point of calling them retarded . 
  if everyone took your attitude and just insulted people who 's views he considered `` ratarded '' there would be no dialogue , no debates , no exhcange of ideas at all but a neverending sea of insults and trolling . 
  i hope ideological bigots like that are a minority . 
  you did though . 
  just not in a very smart way . 
  i think he was serious in his statement and it seemed lacking in the vulgarity , trolling or deliberate baiting that `` shitposts '' usually contain . 
  in any case , `` shitposting '' is equally worhtless , be it as an answer to someone else . 
  by opposing the cultural relativist project of the left i did n't mean deporting those who are already here , but stopping further mass immigration and demographic replacement . 
  that meddles in no one 's life - it protects that of my ethno-racial-cultural group that is still the majority here and has been for quite some time . 
  unless you believe non-indigeneus to europe groups who are already here have some kind of inalienable `` right '' to continuously increase as a percentage untill we are the minority , and i am thus meddling in this `` right '' of theirs . 
  you did n't even exist as a country when lithuania was europe 's largest . 
  the second ended better for the nemci . 
  i absolutely love that video thumbnail before you play it . 
  just we ? 
  i do n't agree with his statement either but i honestly , sincerely despise answers like yours . 
  completely meaningless and worthless in a forum or debate . 
  counter his statement with specific arguments if you disagree , do n't just smugly claim to possess a deeper knowledge on a subject without showing it . 
   plus it 's kinda hard to fear-monger people from other countries/cultures etc when you meet those people and find they are just normal people the same as anyone else . 
  you imply one can only oppose left-leaning ideas about the transformation of the nation into a multi-racial and multi-religious collectiv through open borders if he is the victim of `` fear mongering '' and hates/fears other people/cultures/races . 
  rather than if he has a very rational understanding that people around the world are n't bad or worse , but nations simply function better in this form rather than the other , or that there simply is no reason why one group should give up its national homogenity . 
  opposing cultural relativism does n't equal fearing or hating others . 
   you can continue to complain that people are calling you `` racist lol dude it gets truly pathetic how hard you try to make up something . 
  i never complained once people call me racist here . 
  i never mentioned myself , my other conversations , my general opinions or * any * form of complaint about other people . 
  you did that . 
  you started talking about me and how other people perceive me , then went into my comments and have now it seems convinced yourself that i ' v been complaining or even talking about myself here , when i have n't . 
  it almost feels like i 'm talking to a schitzofrenic - please go back through the comments and see who started and has been pushing this entire conversation about me complaining - something that did n't happen even once . 
  did you just end up confusing yourself ? 
  * you * were the one telling me i am being dismissed by people . 
  i never mentioned anything like what you just spent one long paragraph accusing me of . 
  all i mentioned was directly connected to the topic at hand , until you started adding personal attacks , and telling me people are dismissing me . 
  so it 's particurarly funny when you now try to take your own claim and lement how `` people like me '' make it to feel bad for themsleves , when i never actually made it . 
  you did , and are now going on long tirades why people like me usually make it . 
  pathetic . 
  you are really desperate to fight the invisible straw man of an `` alt-right neo nazi '' you ' r trying so hard to create for this debate , are n't you ? 
  if it is my reddit history you choose to use as an argument that people generally `` dismiss me '' , it 's rather self-defeating , considering the vast , vast majority of my posts have positive upvotes and overal about 7000 more than you . 
  of course , it is pathetic to measure ones upvotes and karma , it does n't prove he is right or wrong , but when someone claims you are being generally dismissed and then uses your reddit comments as an argument for this despite them being showing the opposite - general support for your views , it 's rather funny . 
  that is not what i said the us liberal left was claiming . 
  i meant ( and showed you ) the accusations that `` whites '' elected trump due to no small part of `` white supremacy '' . 
  both of the links i provided you claimed that . 
  i still wait to understand why you claimed people dismiss me . 
  do we know eachother ? 
   you respond with a totally irrelevant page how is it irrelevant when it shows people making the claim he said they did about trump ? 
  ( being elected by whites for racial reasons ) articles [ like this one ] ( http://thedailybanter.com/2016/11/white-supremacy-denial-helped-trump/ ) were everywhere after the election blaming the feeling of `` white supremacy '' for whites going to vote for him . 
   and then you wonder why people dismiss you do we know eachother ? 
  how do you know people dismiss me , or anything about me to make such personal statements ? 
  [ the entire us left/progressives ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ma9asvhzeiu ), 
  which total war ? 
  i 've recently conquered it in europe universalis ... as the knights . 
  i loved this comment : `` but what about the glass ceiling ? 
  not a single word about the historic occasion it would mark for france to have its first female president ? 
  sure , le pen is n't perfect , but then no one is . 
  incremental change . 
  she 's adopted the most progressive agenda her party has ever adopted . 
  sure , her father is a very controversial figure , but she has expelled him and cleaned things up . 
  great strength of character , great leadership . 
  it would be heinous misogyny to taint her with the actions of her father , much worse than using bill to smear hillary . 
  yes i realized that once he wrote the ussr was democratic , hence no reply . 
  took me some time . 
   including the usa and bulgaria . 
  again excusing one crime with another , eh ? 
  seems typical of marxists . 
   not a country confronted with the fact that not `` everyone had death squads '' , not even most countries in the world , you choose to run away from the argument into semantics . 
   genocides are n't realy a big thing as long ac you do not commit them against my people . 
  as i wrote , nothing wrong with a sadist justifying murder or a thief theft , you are allowed to be such . 
  just do n't wonder why people consider you marxists scum . 
   not what nationalization is . 
  exactly what it is . 
  it takes private property away from people by force . 
  the definition of theft . 
   yes . 
  there are even oposition parties in the parlament as there were in the ussr . 
  i am sure that was a free society as well to you . 
   also yes . 
  nope , [ hence this ] ( http://msnbcmedia.msn.com/j/msnbc/components/photos/050222/050322_cubans_truck_hmed12p.hmedium.jpg ) happens between cuba and miami for decades . 
  and why their own national sportsmen [ flee when they are aborad . 
  ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/07/cuban-footballers-desert-team-tournament-150712134019784.html ) i have no delusions that you understand perfectly the nature of a totalitarian society , so no point to argue on these things . 
  you know they are a dictatorship and you know the marxists there are murderers . 
  you merely do n't want to openly admit you do n't care for these things because your marxism is stronger than your desire for human rights , dignity or a free society , hence despite knowing cuba is a dictatorship - this is less important to you than the fact it tries to be socialist . 
  same as the western leftists who used to excuse the ussr during the cold war and insist it is a free society , pointing at the supposed `` opposition '' there , or calling criticism of it lies and all dissidents `` liars '' . 
   everione had those back than every oppressive , murderous regime did , yes . 
  did holland have those ? 
  did japan ? 
  australia ? 
  and how does such an argument excuse it ? 
  is hitler excused because stalin also killed millions ? 
  and mao , and pol pot , and lenin , and mussolini ... you see - everyone had genocides , so hitler is cleared in your eyes , right ? 
   nothing wrong with that . 
  you are allowed to support theft and violation of basic human rights as much as a paedophile is allowed to support child rape or a sadist murder . 
  just do n't expect people to not see you as deplorable when you want to violate their basic human rights . 
   lies . 
  were people free to express any ideas , oppose and openly ciriticize the regime , create political parties , protest , leave the country ? 
  did you try to divert by just saying what something is called ? 
  again : - death squads , - theft of an entire nation 's private property ( also known as nationalisation ) , - complete oppression of a nation 's right to express itself or protest how do socialists/marxists internally rationalize the above crimes ? 
  or are you just people filled with hate and do n't need rationalization ? 
  i thought you mean he is n't `` a better candidate '' in the sense that he has a worse programme , hence i asked what about his programme is n't good . 
  now i see you just meant he might be a `` weaker candidate '' in the eyes of the masses compared to le pen . 
  that i agree with .
