  i have literary no idea what you are talking about . 
  egypt , muslim bortherhood , the us , sa , petrodollar - all of this corresponds how to the question `` are the assad family bloodthirsty tyrants '' ? 
  oh wait a second . 
  i get how . 
  you are one of these people who believe in the old soviet propaganda doctrine of [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) - if you want to defend something/someone , but ca n't , just cry `` what about theesseeee guuuuuys !!! '' . 
  quite immature . 
  or in 2000 if we count grozny . 
  heartwarming . 
  then there were also the russian that mass raped girls in the region of my grandma in western ukraine in 1944-45 . 
  three words that have nothing to do with how `` bloodthirsty '' bashar and hafez were or were n't . 
  might as well speak of pc games while you ' r at it . 
  it is increadibly tedious to be factually correct 100 % of the time and always insist on saying it is n't `` all the people of a nation i am speaking of '' . 
  that has to be a given , not explained each time . 
  `` russian people 's mentality '' is meant as the prevailing , most common mentality on national and social matters one can see in russia . 
  not `` the mentality of every single russian '' . 
  i should know , since i was taught this mentality by a russian who despised it himself , and have met plenty russians who do too . 
  yet we 'd not be having a serious talk if you were to tell me there is n't a prevailing , most common and dominating mentality in russia . 
  size does n't matter today , it most certainly mattered when armies had to march hundreds of kilometres in the open with no modern supplies or medicine just to reach the next major town of russia . 
  size has always been the one saving grace of russia and its biggest advantage , together with the larger population . 
  and thus it is ridiculous to claim they ' v been fighting `` against the odds '' , when they ' v had the biggest odds a country could get . 
  why ignore them ? 
  i was asked why i find their history so bad . 
  naturally i would list the bad things in their history in such a question , not the good ones ? 
  you make no sense . 
  unless , of course , you imply a great poet makes up for a genocide or two . 
  maybe they can use the ones they ' v currently got in ukraine ? 
  plenty by all accounts . 
  unlike you i ' v read the family history of assad and his father . 
  both have n't shied from murdering thousands of their own people so the allawites can stay in power . 
  try again . 
  most nations have n't mass murdered millions and occupied dozens of countries . 
  you are getting very emotional my friend . 
  have a shot and believe it will all be good in russia one day . 
  maybe . 
  it 's ok to say you dislike any nation . 
  it 's treating peoply you meet badly because of it that 's racist and xenophobic . 
  i ' v never and would never treat a russian badly because of his nationality . 
  size is irrelevant , you do n't respect someone because of his size . 
  power does n't make right . 
  russia is the biggest country in the world and * yet * the only one to annex more land in europe since ww2 . 
  it 's nothing to respect . 
  no `` necessary balance '' is upheld by russia - the country has occupied , invaded and ruined most states in eastern europe . 
  the lack of them in the region has been beneficial and a blessing . 
  their return brings back corruption , war , cold-war propaganda et al. 
  if russia was to dissapear tomorrow nothing would change for the worst in europe . 
  but it would change for the better for some states . 
  ukraine , georgia , moldova , bulgaria ), 
  four centuries of mongol rule left the country firmly in the mindest of asian despotism . 
  it was `` united '' by a genocide commited from muscovy and its lunatic ruler over the prosperous and advanced novgorod . 
  as serfdom was getting obsolete in the west it became more and more entranched in russia . 
  land-based expansionism was embraced and countless nations and peoples either occupied , assimilated or destroyed . 
  samodarzhavie took over the possibility of a constitutional development of the country . 
  rebels by the numerous occupied people were drowned in blood and russification was imposed . 
  it all culminated in the bolshevik takeover which is basically the pinnacle of genocide and social engineering that has marked the country to this day . 
  today chauvinism rules in a semi-fascist oligarchy that tries expanding back into its former neighbours . 
  abkhazia , transnistria , ossetia , crimea , donbas ) few states have the concentration of internal oppression , external oppression , bloodshed , expansionism , imperialism , social engineering , genocide , chauvinism and corruption that russia does . 
  you can be certain i dislike those nations too . 
  what do you care about russia and why should `` south-slavs '' not dislike that country ? 
  having a distaste for something or someone does n't equate `` having a raging boner '' . 
  i rarely if ever think about russia . 
  it ; s just that i get a midly unpleasant feeling when i do . 
  that 's all . 
  a whole post of ad hominem , how wonderful . 
  quite the example of cultured manners . 
  here 's the funny part - i have never lived in poland nor studied in a polish school . 
  i speak fluent russian and write cyrillic . 
  i have not been to russia , but have graduated ba in history from cov uni , had 3 years of `` russian history '' courses taught by proffessor alex chubarov . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.allrussias.com/index.asp ) is his personal website on russian history , so you can even check the kind of history he tought . 
  wrote most my courseworks there and read aprox . 
  18 books to finish my thesis with him , some which were russian books in original . 
  as i wrote elsewhere - i do n't hate russia or the russians , i just feel a distaste in my mouth when i think of it . 
  same as you do when thinking about the squalor in new delhi or the smog in beijing . 
  not hate , just an unpleasant feeling this country gives me . 
  have a great day . 
  yes , history in general is . 
  when you take from all nations and put it together . 
  but concentrated all in one single nation ? 
  only russia and a few others come close . 
   the liberation of the serfs that 's a counterargument , since russia was among the last in europe to do it . 
   a desire for a just and fair system for everyone in the world no idea what you are talking about - there was a desire for this in all european countries expressed in countless revolutions , revolts , socialist and liberal parties , strikes etc. 
  none of them ended up in a bloodthirsty regime that murdered millions . 
  only in russia and germany . 
   a history of embracing smaller peoples who were being slaughtered in great masses jesus christ did you just write that ? 
  it was russia that was slaughtering smaller peoples in great masses and opressing them . 
  countless nations were occupied by the expansion of russia and syberia became the graveyard for millions sent there under russian occupation . 
  small nations * dread * russia , you try presenting it as their protector ? 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
   a history of winning against all odds . 
  almost every war ever fought by russia was against smaller nations . 
  the odds were always in your favour . 
   a testament to the human spirit that no matter what , even when your capital lies in ruins and the night is long is cold , there is hope . 
  problem is , far more capitals had been ruined and nations drowned in blood by the russians themsleves , than happened to russia . 
  last time you had foreign soldiers in your capital was 200 years ago . 
  last time you had your soldiers ravage through another nation 's capital was in 1968 . 
  i realize now i ' v made a mistake above - 200 years ago napoleon took moscow , not st. petersburg . 
  the last time russia had its capital taken by foreign armies was 400 years ago , by the poles . 
  unless i forget some war . 
  now , the question stands , how many foreign capitals did they take and ruin in those 400 years ? 
  graduated ba in history from cov uni , had 3 years of `` russian history '' courses taught by proffessor alex chubarov . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.allrussias.com/index.asp ) is his personal website on russian history , so you can even check the kind he tought .
