  you must hate putin as much as i do , considering he lies through his teeth on permanent basis . 
  and you absolutely hate liers , right ? 
  he did let her know of course , just not during her time at the hospital when she was on systems , heavy medication and deeply ill . that would kill her . 
  i do n't even know why i 'm arguing with you when you ' r clearly a hater trying to spew poison at someone you dislike for the sake of your own political bias . 
  you ' r pathetic . 
  so what did he work to end up with the treasonous opinion on the falklands , trident , leaving nato , appeasing russia ... ? 
  the last one only after they ' r dead though . 
  you are n't criticising , you are making crazy conspiracy theories ( funny you 'd accuse him of the same ) , about how he crashed the plane by controlling it through the phone from poland . 
  it borders the hilarious you can read this back and believe in it . 
  that 's text-book zealot , so you ' r kinda accusing jaroslaw of the things you demonstrate yourself . 
  what utter bollocks . 
  jaroslaw was not controlling the plane from poland . 
  the decision to land in bad weather was made at the spot , minutes before the crash . 
  nor would his mother be thinking about such a thing as blame at a moment her heart is breaking . 
  you wonder how to twist this to spew poison at a person you have obvious bias against , and that 's rather despicable . 
  what a sick thing to say about him trying to protect his mother from such grief . 
  people who ca n't hold back their political spite even when discussing such basic human tragedies are pathetic . 
  the brother himself took the death of his twin very hard and had a visible change in a very short period of time : [ the pictures are weeks apart ] ( http://cdn12.se.smcloud.net/t/pics/t/2010/04/23/k2-kaczynski-a-mr_22264706.jpg ), 
  he held a child . 
  you do n't trip someone to fall over a child and potentially harm him . 
  it 's better to let 100 people criminally enter than to cause 1 child a broken neck by tripping the one holding it . 
  how stupid must one be to not see a comment , in which i clearly repeated `` cunt '' for the sake of making a rather infantile joke in a humorous way , as nothing more than a joke ? 
  how desparately must one want to debate a topic that he tries dragging other discussions into it ? 
  how insecure must one be to claim victory by another person 's refusal to argue x in a discussion about y ? 
  i sincirely hope you get well and solve whatever issues seem to be bothering you . 
  just do n't use me for that . 
  no , the accusations are that he fought the kurds on many fronts :  was a member of the radical al-nusra front and fought the kurds on many fronts in syria, 
  oh for fuck 's sake it was a joke , not an invite for an in-depth debate on the nature of the justice system and the qualities of rehabilitative vs. punitive prisons . 
  go show off how progressive you are somewhere else . 
  and what if i am a nato soldier ? 
  can i be offended then ? 
  first time i see this , but by your quick accusation of `` fascism '' , coupled with your other arguments i 'd wager you are a brave little anti-globalist , pro-russian leftie . 
  right ? 
  if you are trying to offend me by putting bulgarians together with serbs and russians - you are successful . 
  certainly . 
  she 's a cunt and should be kicked in the cunt herself . 
  but he turns out to be a cunt as well . 
  the only non-cunt in the whole situation is the kid . 
  i hope it does n't grow up to be a cunt too . 
  to be as offensive as he was . 
  when the taliban rule your country , no one is a bigger enemy . 
  and the enemy of my enemy is my friend . 
  and if `` imperialism '' allows millions of girls to go to school for the first time since under shariah in decades , i 'd support it with two hands . 
  now that 's rich . 
  i remember watching the video and being furious . 
  this whole refugee crisis is such a mind-fuck one wonders what 's up and what 's down at this point . 
  you are very correct - the saints cyril and methodius invented the glagolithic alphabet in moravia . 
  when they were expulsed from there they were given refuge by the bulgarian king and allowed to teach . 
  after their death , their bulgarian students at the [ preslav literary school ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/preslav_literary_school ) completely re-wrote the glagolhitic into an alphabet that would fit the bulgarian language better and called it after their teacher - cyril . 
  the two alphabets are totally different though : [ glagolithic ] ( http://www.matthumbard.com/images/glag.jpg ) [ cyrillic ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/c5/clementalphabet.png ) yet you ca n't dismiss the cyrillic being completely bulgarian , after having been made by bulgarians in bulgaria , just because it was based on the glagolithic . 
  by the same logic , glagolithic was based on greek . 
  greek on phoenecian , phoenecian on shumerian etc. 
  serbs , russians , dogs - same shit , eh ? 
  you seem to be confusing linguistic groups with ancestry . 
  language does n't come with blood or vice-versa . 
  nations can be almost purely part of a single linguistic group because they use such a language , but never purely part of a single ancestry `` with no x blood '' . 
  hungarians have a non-slavic language , but certainly a ton of slavic blood through the centuries of interaction with the slavs of the area and assimilation of such . 
  haplogroups of hungary almost identical to czechia and slovakia , and with a dominant r1a - considered typical of slavic people : http://www.jowsey.com/genealogy/genetic/europe-haplogroups.png ps . 
  check out finland - the closest linguistically to hungary , yet fundamentally different genetically . 
  as i said - language and ancestry can be totally unafilliated . 
  yaaaay someone recongised the bulgarian origin of smth everyone associates with russia instead . 
  next on the list - cyrillic alphabet and the title `` tsar '' . 
  what 's wrong with transporting vulnerable refugees in military vehicles ? 
  they ' v walked far enough you monster . 
  he gave an objective esstimation , that the army officers would be resigning en mass , which he compared to a mutiny . 
  that 's neither conspiring to commit mutiny himself , nor advocating one . 
  it was his opinion what might happen in the army , drawn from his experience and knowledge of it . 
  since when is warning of the possibility of a disaster the same as conspiring or advocating said disaster ? 
  whilst at the same time jailing people for inciting separtism within russia . 
  you ca n't make this country up . 
  why not cry about it ? 
  freedom of speech is legal and acceptable - freedom of violence is n't . 
  he has the right to put a shirt like that , the immigrant does n't have the right to cause violence . 
  your logic in justifying the letter with the former is completely lacking . 
  no wonder islamic state has sex-slave markets , uk has muslim grooming-gangs or saudi arabia is constantly importing sex-slave `` maids '' from south and east asia , when the religion portrays heaven itself as a sex-slave brothel for men to enjoy . 
  polish or e.europe migration is n't sustainable - that 's the region ( togehter with japan ) with the lowest birht rates in the world and in no way can either the region or its immigrants to the west increase in the future . 
  we are dissapearing . 
  the muslim immigrants come from regions that will quadruple to more than 4 billion by 2100 , according to the un report . 
  they keep making kids whilst in the west too . 
  the two fears are completely different , because the fear of eastern european flood is baseless when you look at demographic statistics , whereas that of african/asian great migration during this century is very real . 
  lol i lived in brussels too , schaerbeek or madou station vicinity is not a place to stay come dark and you bloody know it . 
  stop the leftist bias please . 
  it is ridiculous you consider any kind of oppostion towards mass immigration , the concept of multi-cultural societies or parallel-identity enclaves as `` racism '' . 
  or the opposition towards the religion of islam , in which many see stark similarities with fascism . 
  precisely the imposed political notion we ought to accept islam and multiculturalism or be branded `` racists '' is what makes people in the west keep their views to themselves . 
  and that notion developped through a process of political activism by the far left in the past few decades that eastern europe was spared . 
  hence the difference in freedom of speech and political perseccution today . 
  lived in the uk for 4 years during my ba and in belgium for 2 during my ma and internships in brussels . 
  know plenty enough about w.europe ( or at least those two states ) . 
  what a pointless , time-wasting , non-contributing comment . 
  i meant people already studying somewhere , worried they might get in trouble with the administration if someone reported them for `` hate speech '' , `` racism '' or `` islamophobia '' . 
  to clarify , for bulgarians the top destinations for immigration are germany , spain and the uk . 
  turkey is marked such way because 300,000 of our 1 million turkish minority left in the late 80s , when the communist regime tried changing their names , and after failing to do so opened the border to turkey for them . 
  or the least ammount of speech-repressive political correctness ? 
  most people i met in the uk and belgium had similar views , but unlike those in the east they would n't dare express them openly for fear of risking either a friend , a job , an uni spot , a membership in smth etc. 
  there 's just less , if anything , to loose for your political opinion in eastern europe , and hence the stronger expression of such sentiments . 
  share one if its nations core and historical traits - cultural , linguistic and racial . 
  czechia 's atheist though . 
  which would have saved both from the ussr . 
  so you ought to regret it did n't come to fruition .
