  i 'll try explaining it as eloquently as possible - it shows they are savages . 
  simple enough for you ? 
  yes.it.most.certainly.is . 
  thank.you.robot . 
  sure , the westerner . 
  whereas those lovely people in the middle east never do anything wrong . 
  or the chinese passing dying people on the street , or the japanese exploiting teenage girls , or the indians treating women `` great '' , or the ever pacifist africans . 
  no , it 's those bad westerners that have a lot to answer for in their daily life . 
   why ? 
  because i 'm a human and the only biological purpose for my existance is the furthering of my species , not that of others . 
  if other speices ca n't further their own existance evolution demands their extinction or adapting . 
  empathy exists as a practical tool of furthering co-operation between the members of a species for the sake of helping the entire species . 
  that 's why i feel empathy towards those members of my species that are yet unborn and despise the selfish choices of some members of my species to kill them . 
   nonsense , they do both . 
  their minds are still there , just like when you sleep . 
  just measure their brain-waves and it becomes clear . 
  if they were brain-dea , however , we woul pull the plug . 
  without the brain you do not think , you do not exist . 
  the same is with fetuses . 
  brain activity has been detected in fetuses as early as the 11th week , whereas abortions are done as late as the 16th . 
  you just confirmed it 's murder even by your own personal logic . 
   putting a stop to that process at any given point is directly interfering with the biologically predisposed development of a homo sapiens organism , and thus - murder . 
  alzheimers and other deaseas destroy the mind as we know it in their later stages . 
  they are still people and they are still alive . 
  i do n't equate human life with that of bacteria , pigs , any sentient animal or even primates . 
  i never claimed to be some pan-species defender of life , so do n't try to call out some level of hypocrisy from me - i 'm openly biased 100 % towards homo sapiens sapiens and no other life form . 
  humans ca n't be killed mercilessly except in self defence . 
  all other creatures can . 
  a person in a coma does n't feel and we do n't know whether they think either . 
  nor one under heavy sedation . 
  they are people nontheless . 
  there 's only one action humans take to create life - conception . 
  from there on life develops itself from a fetus , to an unborn baby , to a newborn , to a child , to a teen , to an adult , to an elderly person . 
  putting a stop to that process at any given point is directly interfering with the biologically predisposed development of a homo sapiens organism , and thus - murder . 
  they had time to think about what they are doing , which is taking a life just because a 9 month pregnancy and delivery would be too hard on them . 
  i understand they might also use that time to delude themselves `` how horrible '' the life of the child most certainly would be if they gave it up for adoption ( which is utter bullshit and the worst excuse ever to kill someone ) , but it does n't change the fact they conciously decide to terminate someone 's life . 
  killing and stealing are even more natural . 
  nothing excuses hurting other peopel for your own pleasure , be it physically or emotionally , as cheating does . 
  studies i read whilst at uni showed the psychological trauma of cheating is often close for the hurt one to loosing members of your family and the effects it has , including physical , similar . 
  there 's no excuse to hurt someone so bad because you were horny and could n't just bust a nut at home . 
  i know people who ' v had opportunities and resisted not because it was some excrutiating battle and they were strong , but simply because it was their personal position in life when regarding infidelity . 
  i ' v cheated twice and both times the temptation was n't anything more than it is any time you have a chanceto flirt with an attractive person of the opposite gender whilst in a relationship . 
  but i did n't care that much for my girlfriends at the time , and did n't care much for how the act itself reflects on my life choices . 
  i like to think i ' v grown since then and live by some rules now rather than just desires and urges as when i was in my early 20s . 
  neither opportunities nor the level of temptation has subsided , but i ' v not cheated on any of my previous 3 girlfirends . 
  it 's a life choice - i wo n't do something i consider immoral and a form of betrayel . 
  and when you take such a stance you see how others , like my friends from uni , could so seemingly easy resist temptation - it just becomes normal not to regard the possibily of fucking another girl whilst in a relationship . 
  if you ' r that horribly horny you go home and jack one off , rather than jump in bed with another and then lie to your so like a peace of trash . 
  which makes it even worse when they choose to go through with it . 
  having sex is in our bilogical programming and you can do it as much as you want with as many people as you want without ever betraying the trust of someone you are committed to . 
  cheating is nothing but a selfish desire to have it all - a committed partner in a cosy relationship , and the trill of hooking up with someone . 
  it 's egotism . 
  if you want the thrill break up or decide on an open relationship ( in which case it is n't cheating ) . 
  what 's disgusting is n't the sex or the human drive , it 's the betrayel of someone for a bit of pleasure . 
  if you feel the need to hyperbolize his statement in order to ridicule it you most likely feel ok with cheating . 
  according to my belgian professor at leuven the subsidies are huge only because a lot of people in france are still connected with family or history to the rural areas , particurarly the older , since most of the population lived in rural areas until the 70s ( as in most of europe ) and only the vast urbanization of the 70s and 80s took them to the cities . 
  even today the farmers have a strong political power due to that and plenty of people take their side in politics since most have family members , usually older who were born on farms , or extended family that still is . 
  agriculture is just somewhat idealized and farmers have a disproportionally large political influence over their negligable economic one , to be able to get such massive subsidies . 
  the economy , however , is far too big and developped to leave agriculture as anything but a minimal factor . 
  does n't it take a negligable percentage of france 's gdp and trade ? 
  at least according to wiki : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/9a/2012_france_products_export_treemap.png, 
  you must be the edgiest teen at your school . 
  tell these ignorant relieguous people how stupid they are !, 
  i thought it might be that but it seemed far too much . 
  i thought serbiah had a more industrialized/service based economy than ours . 
  could n't find a definition of gvp . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  how important is agriculture to the serbian trade and economy ? 
  oh please do give them money . 
  house them too . 
  just anything that keeps them from returning . 
  bulgaria outright risked an invasion from hitler refusing completely to declare war against the ussr or participate in the invasion in any way . 
  not a single soldier when to the ussr . 
  bulgaria remained the only axis country to keep full diplomatic relations with the ussr . 
  it even sold ammunition for the first 2 years that was vital to the defending russians . 
  it also was the only axis country to refuse to send its jews to camps . 
  bulgaria was only axis to save itself from destruction when hitler knocked on the door at the time that the ussr was allies with him . 
  for all of this it got `` repaid '' by being declared war on the 5th of september 1944 when it had already expulsed all germans , occupied and have its entire intellecutal ellite slaughtered . 
  the occupation of the rest of eastern europe is entirely the product of traditional russian expansionism as well , and do n't call the ww2 `` not initiated by us '' , since it was exactly the hitler-stalin alliance that began it . 
  the rest of you comment is so devaut of basic understanding of how the eastern block economies worked it 's astounding . 
  there has rarely been as inneficient and broken system in history , you call it perfect . 
  that has to be some a grade propaganda you ' v been injecting . 
  and btw , i and all my friends are by far way richer and better off than my parents and all people in this country during communism who were n't party nomenclature . 
  i thank capitalism every day and spit at the memmory of the disgusting social experiment brough here by the invading asiatic barbarians . 
  and russia invading eastern europe all the time . 
  i do n't recal bulgaria invading russia even once , but i do recal our country declared war against , occupied and fucked for 45 years by moscow . 
  same goes for most of eastern europe . 
  oh , the dreaded czech invasion of russia !, 
  oh the horrendeus hungarian conquest of poor mother rus !, 
  how dare these aggressors not trust the kremlin with their security ... 
  true , but urbanisation in bulgaria is quite high , at 77 % it 's more than 10 % above all our neighbours , so there 's not that much rural people to account for the overal unemployment . 
  sofia alone has almost 30 % of our population and unemployment here is on a germany level . 
  about 10 % of our population are from the gypsy community and their unneployment is estimated at over 78 % , so i guess it 's safe to assume our overall unemployment of 9.8 % is heavily inflated by the minority . 
  among bulgarians it would be closer to 5-6 % . 
  russia creating a shield around europe is like letting the wolf build the sheep-pen fence . 
  how can you call bs a refusal to let the country most detrimental to european security in the past 70 years and the only one still fighting wars on the continent participate in its common defence ? 
  there 's no one europe has needed to defend itself from since 1944 more than russia . 
  you do n't seem to know which countries in europe are catholic . 
  either that or your bias is showing . 
  first mentioned in the 930s on a column in preslav .
