  wrote most my courseworks there and read aprox . 
  18 books to finish my thesis with him . 
  i am no expert , but lack of knowledge on russian history is quite not the way to describe me . 
  we have 25 % poor people . 
  20 % old people . 
  10 % gypos - most from these groups do n't use . 
  so ca n't possibly expect a high percentage . 
  eastern europeans are generally just more active i believe . 
  but this statistics shows overall - mothers , pensioners , children - all possible users of internet , not just the loudmouths arguing about politics or games . 
  we are overerepsented in a few places on the net , but our societies are certainly not as connected as those in teh north . 
  so exactly the thing you did ? 
  derail the discussion into offtopic asking me `` what i am '' and why i do n't use my nation 's flair . 
  good going . 
  their history is depressing . 
  bloodshed , oppression , imperialism , bolshevism ... 
  it 's one of the saddest histories i can think of . 
  i hate no nation . 
  definitely not the russians . 
  i dislike them . 
  i feel a slight uncomfortable feeling when i think of rampant alcoholism mixed with viral chauvinism . 
  not hate though , one has to do something personally to me for that . 
  pretty nice actually . 
  just started a new job , got to visit the seaside . 
  not bad at all , cheers for the concern . 
  and you have no nation by your own logic ? 
  i 'm not bulgarian . 
  you are the definition of butthurt . 
  he heard people from your nationality shout in vienna . 
  it happens . 
  the things i ' v heard people say bulgarians have done abroad . 
  get over it . 
  christ ... 
  you will hardly find a bigger rusophobe than me . 
  and no , i do n't `` just oppose russia 's politics '' , i actually have a strong distaste for russian people 's mentality , nation , history and most things coming from there . 
  yet i congratulate them and wish them luck in syria . 
  assad is a murderous tyrant , but nothing , not his bloody regime , or even repressive isis shariah , would be as bad as a continuation of this carnage . 
  it needs to end , as soon as possible , and if the west is n't willing to end it the right way ( with neither assad nor isis ) , then let the russians do it the wrong way . 
  as long as it ends . 
  you forgot the jewwwz , the illuminati and the banks . 
  what a lovely coincidence for a pole in bulgaria like me to read this in a thread on polish national relations . 
  you are wrong however , bulgarians do not consider your language `` a dialect of bulgarian '' . 
  dialects form naturally and there is a macedonian dialect of bulgarian in south-western bulgaria . 
  what is spoken in fyrom is a wholly artificial language based on the original bulgarian dialect of the region , made up together with the national concept in 1945 at the [ st. prohor p\u010dinjski monastery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-fascist_assembly_for_the_national_liberation_of_macedonia ) and fostered by the yugoslav authorities for 45 years and their direct political continuation in skopje for the following 25 years . 
  nothing like this happened in silesia , so your comparisson is incorrect . 
  what is correct , however , is mentioning russia , since precisely the comintern and stalin are responsible for the creation of the `` mace '' nation and language . 
  here 's a post i wrote on the historic creation of the macedonian nation : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3e60jm/when_did_macedonia_become_a_primarily_slavic/ctc9p8x, 
  no germans were left behind when the borders were redrawn , unlike plenty of poles in lithuania and belarus . 
  so it is n't exactly the same . 
  and to add to that , for most e.europeans the city is `` burning '' not in economical or geo-political terms , but demographic . 
  this view perceives western europe as being overrun by non-europeans who will `` burn '' down the european civilization , all the while westerners ignore this `` fire '' , blinded by their liberalism and obsession with decadence . 
  what ? 
  how did i personally attack him ? 
  his posts are the epitome , almost one-to-one with the propaganda of the above mentioned medias . 
  being proud of putting smaller nations down . 
  only the turks and a few others on earth can do it . 
  it takes a special kind of inferiority complex for it . 
  a very big chunk of the bulgarian nation was islamised despite being orthodox . 
  some to a full degree - becoming today 's `` turkish minority '' , and others to a lesser degree , being our `` bulgarian muslims '' today , or pomaks . 
  same with the serbs , hence the bosniak muslims , at least half of whom used to be orthodox before . 
  the islamised greeks were in effect `` traded '' during the population exchanges with turkey , since they also considered themselves `` turks '' at that point . 
  so not entirely correct that orthodox nations did n't get islamised . 
  and why is the solution to this accepting abortion , rather than getting excomunicated for both ? 
  i ' v wondered how georgians and armenians survived as christian nations so far detached from the rest of the christian world , on the side of the black sea and the caucasus dominated by the islamic world . 
  kinda like frontier nations . 
  you are calling the confiscation of private property a `` very progressive idea '' . 
  before you make an angry reply to my comment , think about the actual consequences of implementing such stalinist policies anywhere in europe . 
  both social and economical . 
  so by that logic the material conditions of students in most eu countries are n't good enough to rehabilitate criminals ? 
  since most students do n't have personal bathrooms . 
  at what point do you draw the line on the benefits criminals should get for better rehabilitation ? 
  i 'm sure personal masseurs also help rehabilitation but are they necessary ? 
  are private baths a necessety for this ? 
  u/sarmatae reporting as usual . 
  :d had a good dose of mafia-controlled , kremlin-paid ataka or bsp tv today ? 
  there 's nothing for me or you to convince each other here since we are n't arguing on abortion , despite you trying to make us . 
  i have not expressed any views on it either way , only explained why you are wrong on the catholic church not supporting people in need , especially `` least of all '' . 
  that 's not up to `` common sense '' or `` position '' - that 's a factual mistake , considering the actual ammount of catholic missions , charities and wellfare lobbying . 
  as me saying the earth is flat and claiming it 's just `` common sense '' and `` we have different views , i wo n't convince you , you wo n't change my mind . '', 
   while i agree they give a little bit of help , it 's far too little to support a family . 
  for a child food is n't enough . 
  you need a place to live , clothes , medicine , transportation , toys and other things for child ( diapers , stroll ) + extra money when baby is sick ; school costs a lot of money . 
  also what if a girl is really young ? 
  and has to raise a child ? 
  there is more than enough people in this world already , if we abort one fetus it will be good for a woman . 
  all of this makes zero sense - why is it now the catholic church 's responsibility to fully take care of people 's children ? 
  or the state 's responsibility ? 
  you claimed `` no one is there to support . 
  especially not the church . '', 
  and i objected to this , since they are some of the * only * people there to support and lobby for state support . 
  you literaly accused one of the world 's largest supporters of people in need of doing the opposite , because you had read some george carlin arguments against the republicans and in your anti-theist mind made the association us protestants must be the same as catholics . 
  i objected this statement - either defend it or not . 
  do n't drag me into another debate whether the church and state should provide full support for children and mothers . 
   tell this to women who were raped and had to carry a child . 
  many wanted to commit suicide . 
  what about young girls ( underage ) who were raped and gor pregnant ? 
  we do not live in 15th century anymore you seem in need to argue the topic of abortion with someone in general . 
  i 'm not interrested . 
  i explained to you something very specific - why the catholic church ca n't `` just accept this or that type of abortion '' . 
  due to its fundamental equation of abortion = murder they can accept either all or none . 
  no room in that equation for exceptions .
