  do you realize how much of europe 's fundamental history was missed by the turks ? 
  basically all of the medieval era . 
  and you still call them `` historically european '' ? 
  the arabs came to europe in the 8th century and stayed for 800 years . 
  the mongols came in the 13th and are still here in the form of the tatars . 
  if the turks ' 600 years in europe after the 14th century is enough to call them `` historically european '' , then even more so are the arabs and mongols `` historically european '' ? 
  are n't they ? 
  sorry mate , but the turks are a very late newcomer to europe , with a firm asiatic culture and religion , who missed entirely the fundamental eras of europe civlization building up and nations being born in the middle ages . 
  you ca n't make up for that no matter how alike the europeans of today you become . 
  it 's history , it ca n't be changed . 
  that all being said with the firm belief it 's in no way worse to be non-european . 
  i put little stock in `` europeanness '' other than history . 
  but that history , i just ca n't accept being changed for the sake of modern political and social developments . 
  i never claimed ethnicity has anything to do with it , but you do n't seem to know what `` ethnically '' means either way , since bulgarians are linguistically slavic , and only the bulgars who gave the name of the state were from asia , either turkic or iranic . 
  they were too small a group to assimilate the local slavs , so modern bulgarians are of the same ancestry as local slavs and thracians were . 
  that 's all irrelevant thogh , since ethnicity was never my point . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3p8ucw/merkel_in_bind_on_migrants_ready_to_back_faster/cw4yppz ) my point , i wo n't answer you both at the same time . 
  i already wrote that not only in turkey , but in a lot of countries around the world there are people culturally just like me . 
  i know it , i ' v traveled and studied in international unis . 
  but they are n't european because that is , indeed , a static definition . 
  `` european '' is n't just a set of cultural traits or even values , that 's a rather modern concept . 
  `` european '' as a grouping term was born in medieval europe . 
  before that the continent was divided by the roman empire into `` civilized '' and `` barbarian '' . 
  it was christian europe that first united it into a common civilization , and so the nations born into this common civilization are `` european '' - the evolved term of medieval age 's `` christian '' . 
  those two terms are interchangable for the mediavla and modern age - they meant the same thing in their days . 
  further back those belonging to the european group are the ones from european linguistic family groups - slavic , germanic , latin , celtic , basque , albanian , greek and baltic , with the notable exception of the ugro-finns . 
  see , the turks simply do n't share any of that . 
  they came very , very late - in the 14th century first set foot in europe . 
  they speak no european language group . 
  they were never part of the christian identity that based the modern europan one , and instad they spent centuries representing europe 's most substantial opponent civilization - the islamic one , which had invaded over and over again the continent . 
  the turks did not participate in european history as a part of it , as a `` member-nation '' , but as the leader of the civilization europe had been fighting with . 
  a foreign , asiatic people , of asiatic language and culture , asiatic religion , who came from asia late in the 14-15th century and expanded the asiatic civilziation 's power deep into the continet . 
  so there 's no grounds to put turks into the european civilization group on any historic basis . 
  and no matter how `` progressive '' we become and how much we globalize , historical basis will still be there to define a lot of things . 
  europe being one of them . 
  i just copy my other response to this : the mongols were part of european history and settled for centuries on it geographically . 
  are they a european people ? 
  turks belong to no cultural group that is native to europe . 
  they were never part of pax christiana - the first `` unification '' of europeans into a single group , which became the fundament of a separate european civilization . 
  like it or not , even if one day there are 100 % atheists in both europe and turkey , the legacy of christianity and islam in creating two parallel historic communities will not dissapear . 
  turks belong to the other community - the one neighbouring the european civilization . 
  stop trying to jump ships . 
  the mongols were part of european history and settled for centuries on it geographically . 
  are they a european people ? 
  turks belong to no cultural group that is native to europe . 
  they were never part of pax christiana - the first `` unification '' of europeans into a single group , which became the fundament of a separate european civilization . 
  like it or not , even if one day there are 100 % atheists in both europe and turkey , the legacy of christianity and islam in creating two parallel historic communities will not dissapear . 
  turks belong to the other community - the one neighbouring the european civilization . 
  stop trying to jump ships . 
  there are more european-minded japanese , chinese , korean , mexican , arab , south-african etc. 
  people than the entire population of turkey . 
  does n't make them part of any historical european cultural group or the continent , though , does it ? 
  europeans are afraid not just of islam as a religion , but as a cultural group . 
  most europeans who oppose islam and muslim immigrants do so out of ( a justified ) fear of having their cultural group and civilization under siege from waves of migrants from the islamic cultural group/civilization , whilst simultaniously sabotaged by the left/liberal/cultural marxists from the inside . 
  lol turkey 's been the biggest enemy of assad and intervening to remove him more than anyone together with saudi arabia . 
  the shit in syria is as much turkey 's doing as `` the west 's '' , do n't play the victim here . 
  i would n't mind . 
  their territorial and border issues are more of a problem . 
  but all slovenes are from the european cultural group and none of the turks . 
  it was armenian and greek for ( more than ) a 1000 years , not turkish . 
  then the kurds started becoming the majority , particurarly after certain `` events '' . 
  turks were never the majority there and defnitely not for 1000 years ( which is before the seljuks even came to anatolia in 1071 ) . 
  oooops , my mistake . 
  i meant less . 
  because they surpassed us in gdp per capita and salaries a few years ago . 
  they are well ahead and bulgaria is firmly the union 's poorest member . 
  does n't add up . 
  no chance romania has less than us . 
  are n't the refugee camps for syrians ? 
  these are afghanis . 
  although experiencing sporadic terrorist attacks and clashes with the taliban in certain regions , they are n't embroiled in the civil war that touches almost any city on a daily basis . 
  there are plenty of safe areas in afghanistan to go to from these regions . 
  and if not , then any of the neighbouring countries . 
  or turkey . 
  but all the way to europe and still call them refugees is a bit too much . 
  young healthy males at that . 
  give me a break . 
   glad france is ...  glad marechallannes is ... 
  which one i wrote ? 
  we do n't care what you care and do n't about . 
  good on denmark for putting education and wellfare of animals before `` grossness '' and butthurt feelings of people . 
  glorious russki opalchenci on donbass could ' t have possibly done it . 
  it must ' v been fascist ukrpopy and cia that stuffed it with corpses and shot down to blame holy mother rus . 
  til we are the most unknown nation to europeans . 
  [ a bit nsfw , no nudity , but pretty girls in bikini . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7fswpucoxa ), 
  exactly what in turkey is making them so `` desperate '' as to risk lives violating borders ? 
  are their lives at risk there ? 
  but in the oligarchical kind of way , like the one in the us , not in a totalitarian way like the third reich . 
  so no connection there . 
  glad france is appreciating it by blocking us from schengen . 
  i 'm all for an al-bg split of fyrom , but they ' r certainly not getting that much of it . 
  definitely not ohrid - one of the least albanian areas of it . 
  russia sells at different prices to different states . 
  to their `` slavic , orthodox borthers '' bulgaria they ' v been selling at higher costs than to the much richer western nations . 
  simply because they can . 
  it might , therefore end up being cheaper for poland to buy russian gas sold cheaply to germany , than directly the expensive deal russia gives it . 
  but then they love saying bulgaria 's betrayed their `` slavic , orthodox brothers '' by joining eu and nato , despite them gladly fucking us over long before we joined with the prices they have as a monopoly . 
  russia sells at different prices to different states . 
  to their `` slavic , orthodox borthers '' bulgaria they ' v been selling at higher costs than to the much richer western nations .
