  [ briefly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dark_enlightenment ) [ somewhat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=huzkzad1xds ) [ expanded ] ( http://unqualified-reservations.blogspot.bg/2010/02/from-mises-to-carlyle-my-sick-journey.html?m=1 ) [ full on ] ( https://books.google.bg/books?id=-yeaaaaaiaaj&amp;pg=pa547&amp;redir_esc=y&amp;hl=en#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false ), 
  nope , not at all - constitutional monarchies are pointless . 
  i am a royalist . 
  we did no such thing . 
  a foreign controlled regime tried doing that which was at that same time opressing the entire bulgarian population as well and more than eagerly de-bulgarizing the region of macedonia . 
  the same people who tried to expell the turks had already actively participated in the ethnic cleansing of the bulgarians in macedonia or forced the bulgairans in pirin region to identify as `` macedonians '' in the national census . 
  all of this they did with the agreement or direct orders from the kremlin . 
  so no , the bulgarian nation did no such thing to the turks , in fact when the bulgarian nation was independent for decades after 1878 it did not kill or opress its turkish minority but leave it completely alone , with turkish volunteers even fighting in our army in the balkan wars against the ottoman empire . 
  the bulgairan people were extremely tolerant of their minorities and even protective , saving its jewish and gypsie populations in the second world war . 
  there is no historic bulgarian guilt to answer for , only communist one of the kremlin lackeys , who were openly repressing bulgarian nationhood as well during that in many parts whilst preaching marxist internationalism , so can hardly be called bulgarians . . 
  what you read . 
  only if it is a right-wing , national-capitalist absolute monarchy with all fundamental mechanisms of universal democracy abolished . 
  what i told him :  which would still make the graph extremely inaccurate ? 
  by a factor of over 1400 aircraft , or more than all of europe combined . 
  by being a fortress of morality and virtue on this sub . 
  which would still make the graph extremely inaccurate ? 
  by a factor of over 1400 aircraft , or more than all of europe combined . 
  a highly incorrect map . 
  the us alone has more than 10,000 combat aircraft across its various military branches . 
  this here , i believe , is only the number of aircraft within the air force of each country . 
  mind you , the second largest concentration of combat aircraft in the world after the us air force is ... the us navy . 
  then russia , and then on 4th place ... the us army . 
  each branch of the us armed forces has at least 3000 combat aircraft , so the above number is ridiculous . 
  [ some details ] ( http://www.globalfirepower.com/country-military-strength-detail.asp?country_id=united-states-of-america ) : * total aicraft : 13,444 * * fighters/interceptors : 2,308 * * fixed-wing attack aircraft : 2,785 * * transport aircraft : 5,739 * * trainer aircraft : 2771 * * helicopters : 6,084 * * attack helicopters : 957 *, 
  no , it is n't anywhere near 99 % . 
  read the actual and official lists of each party with exact numbers of ds agents or party officials . 
  these are open and you can see the reality is far from such . 
  russian sanctions barely touch the bulgarian economy . 
  karakachanov is an old communist whore who worked as an agent for the security services of the regime , within the ideological censorship bureau under the pseudonym ivan . 
  he is as much a corrupt bitch as the rest . 
  from the coalition of nationalists i personally would put valeri simeonov as the least compromised and the most anti-kremlin one . 
  you and others seem to have misunderstood this statement of mine as meaning there were turks in both yugoslavia and bulgarian and they were n't killed in the latter but were in the former . 
  no , what i meant is there were no paramiliatries killing our minority here ( the turks ) , but there were such paramiliatries killing them ( the minorities ) in yugoslavia . 
  ( serb minority in kosovo or bosnia , bosniak minority in parts of bosnia , croat minority etc. ), 
  i did n't claim there were turks in yugo . 
  no , that is not what i meant , i meant they had paramilitaries that went to kill their minorities whereas we never had such . 
  the serbs , bosniaks , croats and albanians all formed paramilitaries who went to kill or deport communities of the other ethnic groups . 
  some of these paramilitaries are still active today . 
  ( namely the albanian ones ) we never saw anything remotely so in bulgaria . 
  ukraine had a political establishment which was openly pro-kremlin in its geo-political and economic orientation , to the point their broke the ascenscion talks with the eu . 
  if we have a bsp/dps government we will get the same , even though breaking with the eu i believe is impossible , encumbering the state with a complete economic dependence on russia , its energy and its political money is entirely possible . 
  just like ukraine was . 
  you have wilfully and gladly drank the western-leftist kool aid of `` white-guilt '' and `` everything is our fault '' . 
  bulgaria has not had any repressive , any anti-turkish measures in the past 25 years , on the contrary - we avoided any yugoslav style cleansing or war . 
  at no point did bulgarian paramilitaries go to kill the turks like they did in yugoslavia . 
  we forbid them nothing - not to have their own turkish news , turkish schools , turkish political party even . 
  in fact they have a special treatment with the tobacco subsidies from the sate which is entirely uneconomic and drains the budget for no other reason but to keep their regions producing tobacco . 
  to claim bulgaria has forced them towards ethnic parties is pathetic left-wing self-flaggelation . 
  `` it 's always our fault others do n't like us '' . 
  the turkish vote was centralized immediately - from the very start and remains so . 
  it is their own fault they segregate themselves in communities entirely controlled by the mafia structure that is dps . 
  they need to fight against it , not us . 
  how exactly is `` camaraderie and fraternity '' going to free entire regions which are under the economic and social control of dps is a delusion within your head and nothing to do with reality . 
  stop parroting the western leftist who treat minorities as children that must be pampered and never held accountable or responsible for their own conditions . 
  * the party of kremlin here - the socialists bsp , ** doubled ** their voters in this election , after they elected their own president last year , who openly advocates for the kremlin . 
  their party was under 19 % last time and almost hit 30 % this time , second largest only 2 % behind the winners gerb . 
  there is a real and threatening pro-kremlin surge here but the ostriches with their heads in the sand want to announce victory because the putinists are barely 2 % away from being fist party , after doubling their votes and electing the new president . 
  pathetic . 
  this is time to act before we are a new ukraine of janukowicz , not celebrate you fucking morons . 
  ahmed dogan leading dps , ya know , the russian agent who openly defended russia in a public letter as the proper geo-political orientation of bulgaria ? 
  the one who lives in palaces built in illegal lukoil enclaved on the seaside ? 
  for the russian influence in bulgaria volen is a cheap clown , dogan is the expensive viceroy and true connection , so think again if russian influence is your big problem with those parties . 
  are nationalists worst than the ethnic-turkish parties ? 
  you seem to the ignore the reality that extremism is not persecuted or silenced in the west when it is left-wing or marxist , only when it is right wing , hence the invalidity of your argument `` europe '' silences extremism and hate . 
  no it does n't . 
  i have been personally taught hatred and extremism from left wing teachers and professors at both universities i attended in europe . 
  and seen this hatred and extremism freely expressed on campus and in your media . 
  stop prenteding hatred and extremism are not ok in europe , they are - when they are left wing . 
  they are n't only when they are right wing . 
   expressions of hatred , extremism and racism are not fine . 
  you are wrong here though , objectively this is not the reality . 
  expressions of hatred and extremism are perfectly fine and tolerated all over europe . 
  i lived and studied for 4 years in the uk and 2 years in belgium . 
  only right-wing hatred and extremism are persecuted . 
  left-wing are perfectly acceptable - my own teachers at coventry university were marxists and hatred for their enemies - `` the burgeoisie '' , the `` bankers '' , the conservatives , the christians and the church , the traditionalists , the nationalists , the `` patriarchy '' , the `` class-enemy '' - hatred for those , even extremist views of violence against these , was perfectly fine . 
  it was often taught at classes , such as my classes on neo-colonialism at ku leuven or social history at cov uni . 
  in the media you can hear comedians like ricky gervaise spew hatred against christianity or christians as dumb , backwards , blind , stupid , paedophile priests etc. 
  it 's actually fashionable to do so especially among liberals and leftists . 
  but if you do even remotely the same for islam and muslims they cry `` racism '' and `` islamophobia '' just like you did here . 
  to hate with a passion people born white becacuse of their `` privilige '' or people in the middle class is normal . 
  it 's encouraged . 
  to say you do n't want mass immigration from africa or the middle east is `` racist and intolerable '' . 
  do n't pretend there is some stance in europe against `` hatred or extremism '' . 
  there is n't . 
  those are fine , as long as they are not right-wing . 
  and people like you are open about the fact truth and objective , valid information should also be censored , like you said above , based on who gives it . 
  which is not censoring hatred , it 's censoring truth for the sake of political ideologies . 
  the idea of free speech as a human right is not american . 
  it comes from the natural rights concept developed in europe by great european thinkers such as john lock , thomas paine and many others . 
  it was at the core of fundamental european events such as the french revolution or the spring of nations . 
  it is profoundly european and only adopted by the americans . 
  the `` balance '' you speak of in europe is no balance at all -- it is a growing level of left-wing censorship and persecution of right-wing ideas all across the continent which feeds the far-right and the growth of populists you can see in all major countries . 
  the left is too stupid or blind to realize they are 100 % the reason why le pen , wilders or brexit are happening . 
  those are natural response to the growing push of censorship and forceful imposition of left-wing ideas . 
  the more you push this attitude you demonstrated here yourself , the more people will be pushed to the far right . 
  yet you say `` the american way does n't work '' . 
  freedom does n't have to `` work '' -- it has to merely exist . 
  it 's an end into itself . 
  your marxist censorship is what does n't work and should be smashed . 
  same as we smashed it here in eastern europe after decades of disgusting ideological oppression .
