  :d it 's such a god damn pain in the ass to learn them in polish and russian . 
  not at all , most roots of our words that are not understandable by other slavs do n't have turkish etymology , but proto-bulgarian . 
  kuche , tojaga , kushta etc. 
  - non-slavic , but also non-turkish words that date to our earliest records . 
  it 's the bulgar heritage . 
  why the butthurt ? 
  nevermind , profile with 90 % comments on russia . 
  got it . 
  this is the correct answer , not war and poverty , that other regions saw much more of . 
  ( germany was ravaged by the religious wars and 30years war like hell but sill is most populous ) the baltics simply were far wilder , less cultivated up until very late - dense forests and marsh areas that were slow to be colonized and turned fertile . 
  bless papa stalin, 
  it 's also a pretty good argument why you should n't break off from the vatican . 
  i mean , i agree with you , but is it possible winter has something to do with it as well ? 
  especially for people from countries that never saw balkan winters and most likely also lack proper winter clothing . 
  bulgaria stronk , we build fence , we beat fugees , we clear off the charts !, 
  looks like it 's a bit nippy though innit ? 
  neither of these things really being his acomplishment , and in the case of ww2 , him having huge fault for the whole thing and the subsequent millions of casualties . 
  russia was industrializing in huge paces still before the revolution , with german high generals warning a war was needed sooner , because if they waited too long russia would be too industrialized to fight against . 
  it lost a ton of it during the civil war and subsequently reached comparable pace of industralization during stalin , but at a much higher cost for the people . 
  russia would ' v turned from agricultural/rural to industrialized/city country without the soviets , as all other european states did . 
  only it would be sustainable , free makret / private enterprise development , instead of one that collapsed on its head . 
  as for ww2 - stalin started it together with hitler , he ensured they have a common border , he neglected all intelligence of a german build up ( including even the exact date of barbarossa given to him prior ) , he abandoned the 3-line traditional defence in favour of bulking up the entire army on the border , effectively serving it on a plate to the wehrmacht . 
  prior to that he decapitated his army with the officer purges and continued to do so even during the first year of the war . 
  in reality , he did all that hitler could ' v asked to make the invasion as easy for the germans and deadly for the russians as possible . 
  his generals and soldiers won the war , not him . 
  so again , what exactly is there to cherish about stalin if you are russian ? 
  so having people worshipping mass murderers and genocides is desirable for the sake of political diversity ? 
  because franco * saved * spain from becoming a soviet-dominated shithole , hence the opposite of what stalin did . 
  besides saving countless spanish from ww2 , again the opposite of stalin and hitler . 
  quick !, 
  ca n't defend the people you like from deserved criticism - attack theirs instead !, 
  bulgaria : the sound of banknotes being handled as bribes are passed, 
  all white seem to have banded together in the western part . 
  we live in multicultural * europe * . 
  few have problem with inter-european mixing . 
  it 's mixing with a flow of millions of africans and asians , particularly muslim ones , that is the problem , and which very few but the hard-line leftists want . 
  if you ' r one of them you must understand you lack the majority or the right to impose your desire for profound demographic changes on our continent on the others . 
  seriously though , from an intalian , how bad has the country `` declined '' in the past 20 years ? 
  i ' v always perceived it as a prosperous one . 
  precisely the same . 
  whenever two people debate a point it 's a debate . 
  one does n't need official framework for it . 
  we did , and you decided to use weak logical fallacies to further your point . 
  next time be a little better prepared . 
  i never knew the finnish lacked basic debating skills . 
  i thought your education system was highly praised . 
  the century where you can daily meet or interact with people online who have accomplished zero , yet are somehow certain in their intellectual superiority over ground breaking scientists and intellectuals , on the basis of nothing else but their atheism and the latter 's religion . 
  almost like a new medieval era , but this time atheism is the new blind bigotry for the uneducated masses . 
  hence we go back to my first reply to you . 
  would love to have a laugh as you try and `` argue '' that point to the likes of georges lema\u00eetre . 
  considering you are intellectually far below him , and he must be intellectually below normal people by being not just a religious person , but a priest at that , i guess your own logic says you ' r somewhere at the bottom of the normal intellectual scale . 
  unless , that is , you consider yourself intellectually superior to people who ' v won nobel prizes in astrophysics or come up with theories like the big bang . 
  which would n't surprise me really , seeing as how most atheist today appear as deluded as they are self-absorbed . 
  or how about we do n't use logical fallacies such as the appeal to extremes . 
  except the ones that happen to talk about their atheism as a sign of intellectual superiority or religion as a sign of the opposite , the internet overflowing with these people , the above guy one such . 
  hence , christianity was a tool to streanghten the lithuanian state , not the price paid after losing to a `` christian invasion '' that imposed it . 
  lithuania was n't close to destruction or being taken over by christian armies - it was secured with its alliance to poland and merely made the next step in accepting christianity to cement its position , form a union and legitimize its previous and future conquests . 
  it never fell victim to a christian invasion that forced it the religion , it defeated that invasion in fact , and then proceeded to voluntarily take on the religion in order to further streangthen itself and its future conquests . 
  should i add `` than you or me '' for you to not call out ad hominem but realised it 's a valid comparisson when one puts himself intellectually above billions of people today and in history ? 
  do n't run from your embarassing statements like that . 
  but they did that and when it did n't work went back to paganism . 
  so the second time they converted could n't have been again to `` hopefully stop dying '' . 
  ( by the way you make it sound as if they are native americans being exterminated , when in fact they were a powerful country allied to christian countries and fighting in expansionistic wars that made them the biggest in europe ), 
  so if christianisation did n't stop the invasions of the christians , how can one make the point that the lithuanians only chrisitanized to stop the chrisitan invasions ? 
  it did n't work , as you said , and they went back to paganism . 
  so why not stay there , if they now know christianising just to stop the ivnasions does n't work ? 
   it is also important to note that a person being intelligent in one aspect may not be so in another aspect . 
  yet you didn ; t specify what aspect , just called religious people less intelligent on a whole . 
  which i find quite ironic considering there are and have been millions of highly religious people more intelligent in every aspect , on the whole or in particular , than you . 
   furthermore , religion is also a societal aspect and even may scientists do n't pay much attention on criticizing it or perhaps even thinking about it . 
  i only talked of those who do and are open about their religion . 
  that 's a huge chunk of the greatest atheists , research it yourself before writing bullshit . 
   it is your personal opinion that atheists are self-absorbed teenagers . 
  i am 26 , hardly a teenager , i clearly wrote that `` many atheist nowadays fall into the intellectual category of ... '' , wheras you start telling me you are n't actually a teenager . 
  again , a little funny note on the supposed superior atheist intelligence . 
  of course it is our own fault , i never claimed it is n't . 
  but the result of our own faults - having few kids and letting in millions of muslims - is the one that i described regardless : demographic replacement and eventual rise of muslims as a substential enough percentage of european society to change it fundamentally . 
  a change i believe will be for the worst as islam directly opposes certain fundamental values of european humanism , human rights and civic liberties . 
  i ; m not blaming the muslims for the situation , but that does n't change the fact that they are the ones who might bring a negative change i want to avoid in this continent . 
  the lithuanian king turned through christianity cause it was the dominant religion , hence ideology , on the continent and hence the only way for his power to be recognised internationally . 
  like joining the eu today more or less . 
  the invasions by the teutonic order were well stopped by the time of the christianisation through his alliance with the poles , another christian nation , so that 's a weak explanation . 
  the christianisation was a direct result of the decision by the king . 
  his decision might have been that of the crusades , and they might have been the result of a number of other things . 
  the causation link does n't equal a christian invasion that conquered their land and forced chrisitanity upon them , as happened in prussia . 
  would love to see you say that to a religious science nobel prize winner ( say victor francis hess ) or one of the millions of highly intelligent and educated professors , professionals or scientists ( say gregor mendel ) , who are also religious . 
  or just an overall intelligent guy like colbert who is open about his religion . 
  a proper funny encounter that would be , like a deluded kid that thinks he `` knows more '' than his professors at uni . 
  it 's unfortunate so many atheist nowadays fall into the intellectual category of deluded , self-absorbed teenagers . 
  kinda messes up your statement on intelligence . 
   depending on the exact model the projected number of muslims will be between 15-20 % `` by when '' and `` how the hell is n't this absolutely preposterous to you ? 
  a fifth of our entire continent will be muslims and to you this is `` meh '' ? 
   finally those muslims in general do n't stay as hard-core as they are in their home country , partly because their level of education rises and partly because there already was a reason why they went away there . 
  giving example with the us is quite wrong in this case , where studies are quite present that muslims in europe usually increase in their conservativism and disregard for the locals with the next generations . 
  in the us muslims are part of a wider group of migrants and rarely if ever form tightly packed large enclaves of muslims-only , where even the police do n't go . 
  this is often the case in europe , making assimilation here pretty much non-existent . 
  and do n't kid yoruself - not integration , but assimilation alone is what we should be accepting as a normal solution to the wave of muslims towards europe , since remaining muslim at all , even an integrated one , continues to constitute demographic replacement . 
  we are n't a muslim continent and our fundaments of culture are often opposed to those of islam . 
  hence the very presence of 20 % or more muslims is a threat to the basis on which the continent is built and the way it is headed , even if they are integrated ( and they largely are n't becoming ) . 
  hence they were n't christianised through an invasion , but through a decision of their own .
