  i am glad you are not one of the hypocritical leftists denying that they want to silence valid information and truth . 
  you have the decency to be open about your desire for political repression of truth based on your ideology . 
  i can respect that openness . 
  and i hope your type of people are politically destroyed all over the free world , so that it remains free and does n't revert to what my parents lived through for decades here in bulgaria thanks to `` well meaning '' leftist censors in our totalitarian regime like yourself . 
  i do n't have a problem with you calling it out whatever you wish to call it . 
  i have a problem with the idea that is spreading across society at the moment that you can censor or remove some entirely valid point or reliable information ( such as the one presented here ) , because of the * underlying motives * you presume behind it , and because you do not politically agree with those motives . 
  regardless why this person posted this here -- it is a genuine , reliable and informative map . 
  it has to do with europe as it shows levels of consanguinity in europe , as well as the world . 
  period . 
  this is all enough to have it . 
  the reasoning behind a piece of information or the effects on society you might think this information has give you * zero * rights to supress the spread of this information . 
  even if the guy behind it is the biggest neo-nazi in the world -- get this through your head : * you do not have the right to silence even neo-nazis when they express valid , sourced opinions or information * . 
  shocking , i know , but you do n't * actually * have more rights than nazis . 
  you 'll have to live with that and stop crying like a baby for the taught police . 
  yep , anyone who cries like a baby when someone provides valid information not to his liking or seeks to silence people . 
  mwaaaaah , dat 's raciiist , you bigot get out with facts that i do n't like , mwaaaaaah , where 's the speech police i will report you to them , mwaaaaaah pathetic . 
  peeerfect , thanks for that !, 
  wow that 's great . 
  can you write it in original so i can say it ? 
  anyhow , unless you are stupid i believe you understand why you seem like a person diverting the topic because he does n't seem to mind sucking up to putin as long she 's anti-eu , like so many of her supporters despite claiming to be nationalists . 
  mostly wheat , grains , grapes , sometimes fruits or potatoes . 
  but this topic is n't about macron or merkel , it 's about le pen and putin . 
  hence if this truly annoys you you would express that annoyance here , and the annoyance of macron visiting merkel in their respective topic . 
  instead it would seem you have no problem with this , but a problem with the other , hence divert to merkel even when she 's not the topic . 
  then why react to further news of her kissing putin 's ass by diverting the topic like you do n't mind it ? 
  pretty much how front of `` kasbah '' looked like , or spon street, 
  i like turtles . 
  are you fine if she 's kissing putin 's ring instead of merkel 's ? 
  i did . 
  it must be . 
  what else could possible be the reason out of all countries in europe , it 's always * precisely * turkey and russia that constantly appear in a negative light on this sub . 
  i try to think as hard as i can and just ca n't seem to find a valid reason , something they have in common , so it 's my own interpretation that it * must * be racism . 
  what else ? 
  hmm , i wonder why that might be . 
  what kind of racism this sub has that seems to bash particularly russian and turkey , not , say , spain , italy , the netherlands , france or some other . 
  hmm , could there be something out there similar between these two countries the average european might find a reason to bash ... 
  i dunno , so it must be racism i guess !, 
  far right is normal in every context . 
  it 's the left that should be shunned whenever and wherever . 
  is this real saying or you made that up ? 
  where are you from if it 's real ? 
  again ? 
  you are correct , it is n't . 
  it 's one of those situation where a bad law ( allowing foreigners to vote ) is being broken because the legislature is obstructed from changing it . 
  once the turkish ethnic party is removed from our parliament they 'll be able to revoke the voting rights of those hundreds of thousands of turks that influence our elections every time . 
  you ca n't forcibly disperse people in europe , this is n't the ussr . 
  people are free to choose where they live , where they rent , where they work . 
  and they choose to do it in tight , self-segregated muslim communities that become cultural colonies where even after multiple generations the people have n't assimilated , but instead grow up despising the local culture and people and hold even stronger onto their identity . 
  it 's the reality that has become painfully obvious across europe in the past 40 years . 
  we can only stop these communities from growing through mass muslim migration - we ca n't `` disperse them '' by using the state as some sort of totalitarian planned economy that tells its citizens ( they are mostly such ) where to live and how . 
  it 's rather ironic you 'd consider stopping people from coming too harsh a policy ... and then advocate stalinist `` forced integration/assimilation '' within our society and people relocation . 
  i hate labelling people and the whole left-right divide , but this truly sounds like the stereotypical far-leftist marxist who has problems with countries having borders and enforcing them , but no problem with giving the government insane powers within society to break basic citizen rights and force them to `` integrate '' or `` disperse '' . 
  thanks but no thanks , i 'd rather my government had no such control and instead enforced the borders so we are n't subjected to an ever increasing islamisation of our societies . 
  and yet even after centuries of being treated unfairly , persecuted and even killed , much much more so than the muslims in europe today , there are still no gypsie suicide bombers or terrorists . 
  no jews returned to germany to mass murder them after 6 million were butchered . 
  the christians in the mid-east experienced a genocide in the past 20 years with most gone by now from the region , yet again - no suicide bombers . 
  why is that ? 
  why is it we only fear that the muslims will suicide bomb in a crowded market if their feelings are insulted ? 
  why charlie hedbo can post highly offensive cartoons of catholics , orthodox , protestants , jews , buddhists and others for decades ... but gets massacred when does it to muslims ? 
  why is the danish cartoonists living in fear today not because of the cartoons he drew of jesus ( he did ) or buddha , but of mohammed ? 
  why are all palestinians , including christian ones , equally repressed and occupied by israel , yet there are no christian palestinian suicide bombers ? 
  only from the muslims . 
  i can go on . 
  you are digging your head in the sand with this muslim apologetics . 
  there is something profoundly different with this religion and the cultures that practice it and it must be taken into consideration with european immigration . 
   i 'm not even gon na reply to the muslim europe comment because that 's alarmist rhetoric taken straight from r/altright so am i to understand france did n't go from having ~ 0.5 % muslims in 1960 to more than 10 % barely 40 years later ? 
  in a blink of history . 
  [ only in 6 years , between 1999 and 2005 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_france#maghrebis ) the maghrebi muslims in france alone increased by 18 % . 
  or is this an alt-right lie ? 
  is islam not [ the fastest growing religion in europe ? 
  ] ( http://time.com/3671514/islam-europe/ ) nope , it 's all an alt-right spook , let 's bury our head in the sand instead , all will be well when there are 20-30 % muslims in europe . 
  then propose a better system that would keep us here in europe from having ever growing parallel cultural enclaves of people who never assimilate and an eventual big enough muslim proportion of the population ? 
  what is gross about the australian immigration system and how is yours better ? 
  you do n't seem to realize the kind of indignation of muslims you you are making by the statement that all it takes for an innocent one to become a murderous terrorist is social antagonisation . 
  people like you seem to think we should basically give up and accept the future europe with a significant muslim population in each country because otherwise ... they 'll just kill us . 
  how is it a human right to make such a party ? 
  the republic here is meant to be above ethnics or religions and treat all as citizens , who 's issues should be cared for on the grounds of equal citizens , not divided by ethnicity . 
  the only reason to form ethnic parties would be for separatism or to treat people differently according to their ethnicity , which is against the constitution . 
  so how come they do n't `` nomad themsleves '' out of our lands if we are so incredibly mean to them ? 
  go be nomads in someone else 's tolerant society ? 
  how increadinly revisionist and tolerant of you . 
  yet reality is n't so culturally relativist - the reality in which `` civilized '' settled people like us create science and standard of living that drops child mortality rates to almost zero and increases lifespans to above 80 , whilst their savage ways of life produce nothing of worth to human progress and see their children die in huge mortality rates ( check out the stats , it 's true ) . 
  civilized equals the continuous progress of the quality of human life and decrease in unnecessary suffering . 
  savagery is the opposite , and they fit it . 
  so stop romanticising uncivilized life - it 's not romantic or `` free '' as you might imagine it , it 's constrained by the savagery of death , disease and suffering that settled societies progressively decrease or completely remove . 
  that 's fine , most of us are glad to stay here and leave you in the company of the women-stoning , honour-killing , genital-mutilating muslim terrorists you seem so keen on growing like mushrooms in a garden . 
   see you in 50 years when they are 25-30 % of your society . 
  nope , but you can prevent their already existing self-segregated cultural enclave from growing . 
  in the short term ? 
  no idea , maybe better intelligence services . 
  in the long term ? 
  australian-style immigration system with quotas , which put closer to european societies above the others . 
  so a lot of quotas for immigrants from south america for example , fewer for east asians , then the rest , and muslim and particurarly mid-eastern at the bottom with close to zero , except for experts , scientists and the like . 
  then take those leeching off of welfare already in europe . 
  the only way to stop the large muslim communities acorss europe from continuing their increase as percentage of our society , which will inevitably increase the social clashes , terrorism and conflict on the continent , as you can see pretty much every single one of those terrorists comes from these communities , rarely first generation immigrants . 
  to begin with , europeans admitting it is n't racist to accept that some societies and cultures are different and not ideally suited for europe . 
  you were asked :  what city did the gypsies ever build ? 
  can you provide an answer or just revert to the nazis ? 
  listen here western shpion - is simple , you break wall ... there another wall , ha !, 
  gypos live in insanely crowded hoods as well , they 'll feel at home if the problem seems to be the level of modernisation of the cities , not how crowded they are .
