  can a russian look at some ancient croat ancestors and hint they are russians ? 
  can a spanish person claim a romanian historical figure was spanish cause he was latin ? 
  are all arabs actually moroccans ? 
  that 's how ridiculous it sounds when i see turkish people on the net talk of how it was `` their '' attila , or ghenghis , or tamerlan , or the bulgars or any other turkic people , who had nothing to do with turkey , anatolia and the turkish . 
  they are n't `` yours '' any more than the polish can say tsar peter the great was `` theirs '' cause he was slavic , or the portoguese can say napoleon was `` theirs '' cause he was latin . 
  no reason at all . 
  the greek farmers have managed to hold out the greek border longer than the greek army did in the balkan wars/first world war . 
  if ireland wanted to be a global player , sure . 
  but it does n't . 
  the uk on the other hand has such pretences , and most of the brexit people seem to love the idea . 
  ( ironically ), 
  elements of thracian culture have even survived to the 21st century . 
  our [ kukeri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kukeri ) costumes and festivals . 
  our `` walking on fire '' [ traditions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nestinarstvo ) . 
  and quite a lot else , even after 1300 years of bulgar , slavic , turkish and western influence . 
  so it 's only natural to believe before those 1300 years there was even more still left of the thracians . 
  do n't take things literary , he did n't mean `` absolutely zero to do with '' , he meant it in direct demographic and culutral way . 
  of course bulgarians and bulgars have a common history , but he meant they are n't the same people . 
  yes . 
  slavic people were n't a group that migrated , they are a proto-culture and language that developped in modern ukraine , then spread east to the steppese of russia , west all the way to modern central germany and south to the balkans . 
  many various and different peoples adopted the culture and linguistics of the slavic group . 
  serbs and bulgarians have little to do as ancestry and genetics go with eastern slavs like the russians for example . 
  so it 's not a question of `` cousins '' to begin with - `` slavic '' is merely a linguistical group , nothing more . 
  bulgarians and romanians are far more `` counsins '' when genetics and ancestry goes despite being from the slavic and latin groups , than bulgarians and russians or romanians and french for example . 
  stop bitching , there are fines for dog shit even in my shitty ( pun intended ) country . 
  it does n't , they teach you from first grade about the khans , the old great bulgaria of kubrat in crimea , or of volga bulgaria . 
  they explain extensively the tengri religion they ( supposedly ) had . 
  we have pictures of turkic-looking nomads in our school books . 
  [ this ] ( http://momenti.info/images/img_5426.jpg ) is a monument to the founder of our state , asparuh . 
  so do n't lie please . 
  but it 's funny how turkish people always go on and mix turkish and turkic , somehow thinking they represent all turkic people ever . 
  when the bulgars founded bulgaria your ancestors were 5000 km away and would n't get here for another 700 years . 
  besides , look who 's speaking - the people who always forget their greek/armenian heritage , despite looking nothing like central-asian turkic people . 
  he mant demographically/racially/culturally . 
  why are russia 's statistics on all those things much poorer than the west ? 
  hence why it should change its government - the putin regime did zero to diversify the economy and lower the reliance on oil and gas , since they used it as a personal never-ending well of wealth . 
  difficult to imagine there are `` pro-russian groups '' in what used to be a historically relatively well-off region that is now the poorest and most miserable on the entire continent thanks directly to the kremlin . 
  malthusian trap theory lacking empirical data . 
  top kek 2 . 
  never mentioned nomads or tribal people here , we were talking of china first , then golden age islamic kingdoms , so i specifically described agricultural societies . 
  you continue with the anecdotal evidence and almost fairytale imaginations of the times . 
  `` people helping each other '' or having `` a sense of egalitarianism '' has zero to do with the socio-economic realities of a feudal society or the pre-industrial agriculture . 
  no ammount of `` religious sense of help '' could produce enough food to remove the malthusian trap or the cyclical nature of famines . 
  no ammount of `` flourishing in social life '' can prevent half the children from dying before adulthood ( as was the norm ) , or deseases on crops to decimate entire harvests . 
  you are imagining history in terms of painted pictures , not the factual realities of the day . 
  which were simple - life was shit for 90 % of the population , industrialisation and capitalism made it less shit in most of the cases of the states that adopted and successfully built them up . 
  ( china prime example ), 
  any other sources ? 
  the article seems badly written and without references , it quotes `` alternative media '' and i ' v found no other info on this . 
  still better than `` our moldova '' - macedonia , where the yuglsavs made the people hate our nation in their guts and think of themsleves as some ancient greek nation reborn slavic . 
  not 1 % would vote for a re-unification there . 
  yes , everyone was having cyclical famines since the beginning of civilization , it 's called a [ malthusian trap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/malthusian_trap ) . 
  kingdoms were `` flourishing '' in the terms of their times - doing better than others , but still had a population made up almost entirely of very poor peasants , often with little to no private property , often with tied to their land , paying up to a lord and making a ton of children to work on their lands , half of whom would before adulthood . 
  this is the reality of pre-industrial life , and it is same for all feudal civilizations , no matter how `` flourishing '' they were in other terms . 
  ( scientific , cultural , military etc. ), 
  the everyday life of 90 % of people was poverty , work on a small patch of land , uncurable desease , feudal exploitation and burrying yet another child . 
  most of these were ended by the introduction of industrial production of food , which allows the greater ammount of people to be releases from agricultural work , go to a city and live a better life , even if that of the poorest of city workers . 
  please do read up on the actual life of people in pre-industrial societies , rather than poetic narratives of flourishing kingdoms . 
   extreme right attacks people for being born the wrong way . 
  that 's precisely what the left does as well - the middle class `` burgeoasie '' is attacked ( exterminated in marxist countries ) , despite people being largely born middle class . 
  in my country many were butchered when the communists came just because they were born in the city , were given a good education and became teachers , doctors or merchants , rather than peasants or factory workers . 
  the extreme left hates much bigger sections of society than the right , since the entire `` burgeoasie '' , upper class , banking and merchant classes etc. 
  are made up predominantly of people born into them , and very small minority people who rose up from the bottom . 
  so how 's that any different ? 
  you ca n't blame a jew for embracing his indentity when born into it hence the evil of a right-wing antisemite , but so too you ca n't blame someone born middle class , given good education by his parents , for chosing to become a businessmen or shop-owner , rather than throw it all away and go to a factory to be part of the `` proletariat '' . 
  yet that 's exactly what the extreme-left does , so how 's it any better than the thinking of the extreme-right ? 
  at least they hate very small groups of their society - maybe 1-5 % who are foreigners . 
  the extreme left hates a good 25-30 % . 
  which is why that 's exactly how many pol pot murdered in cambodia ( 25 % of the entire population ) . 
  viena 1683 is much more of a symbol of defeating islam 's march into europe , than to do with the ottomans exactly . 
  it 's used as an event where europeans came together to stop an external threat on one side , and defeating islam on the other , so two important messages for many nationalists in europe today in one neat littel package . 
  not really something in particular because of the ottomans or the turks . 
  at the beginning there was feudalism that exploited 90 % of people in society and kept them at increadible levels of poverty , with misery , cyclical famines and early death a completely normal thing . 
  then was the industrial revolution ... `` the west '' broke a cycle of millenia that saw massive famines kill huge ammounts of people almost seasonally and the deepest of poverty being perceived as pretty normal for the peasants , or 90 % of people . 
  never in the history of china have so many people , even as percentage , lived above the poverty line of a simple peasant . 
  that too , applies to all other countries that have successfully followed the west 's example in industry and capitalism , with a functioning democracy an added bonus . 
  they 'll just build the long-planned dam on gribraltar straight and prevent any increase in the entire medditeranean and black seas . 
  you guys though , i 'm not sure there 's much to be done . 
  :d maybe a huge dyke across your entire coastline ? 
  and if they stop giving them , the gypos will all come back here . 
  shush for fuck 's sake , shush . 
  the germans invented kebab as in the dish we all love . 
  you brought `` kebab '' , as in blokes with turbans that fansied pretty young local women , and sometimes boys . 
  pls do n't annex us . 
  being given our dobrudja by the russians in exchange for odessa was n't enough for you was it ? 
  :d you had to go further south, 
  cool banter . 
  implies we 're lower than you , smart . 
  i just wonder by what of the two criteria we mentioned - openly glorifying foreign leaders as your adoptee tzar , or shitty state of country . 
  i thought serbia was lower on both cases , but it seems i was wrong . 
  damn , did you have to so eloquently disprove me !, 
  put me right in my place !, 
  maybe there 's no god here , but in serbia i 'm pretty sure there 's an almighty one everyone bows down to as low as they can get ( which is pretty low ) : http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/78284000/jpg/_78284641_024347916-1.jpg, 
  cause last time they came they overstayed by the equivalent of most european countries ' entire history . 
  not bulgaria ? 
  the [ bulgarian-serb wars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian%e2%80%93serbian_wars_ ( medieval ) ) in medieval times lasted almost 500 years ( 839 -- 1330 ) and included twice occupation of serbia , plus a few uprisings against those . 
  then in modern history 4 wars with bulgaria and serbia on opposite sides , plus one with just the two in 1885 . 
  against the turks you only fought from 1312 till 1459 ( main serbia ) or 1540 ( despotate in exile , under hungary ) . 
  so between 150 and 230 years of wars . 
  then uprisings , but also wars in which you were their allies or vassals .
