  '' ** on a map of europeans and their diaspora : ** `` and still europeans think they are at `` danger '' and under `` threat '' lol '' ** on the turkish consulate in the netherlands asking for people to report those who insult erdogan : ** `` i doubt many of those insulting erdogan are making a distinction towards turks and turkey . 
  the whole affair is a cheap shot to spew hate towards immigrants as well for some '' ** a ton of submissions on turkey . 
  quite a few dutch comments . 
  i mean , you guys out there in the bermuda seem quite obsessed with erdogan , not that there 's anything wrong with that . 
  i just wanted to let you know how much i appreciate your contribution to the sub . 
  have a nice day . 
  that 's your point , mine was expressed in my first comment here , saying it depends on what of the many definitions of `` european '' they stopped . 
  hence we ' r back to my first comment , having entirely wasted our time because you have issues to express that are unrelated to my comment here . 
   depends what you understand as `` european '' . 
  geographic , ethnic , civilization and identity wise ? 
  you talk of the word . 
  `` europe '' is a word , a geographic mass at the end of asia , a separate continent in official geography , a civilizational idea and a swedish rock band . 
  i clearly talked of the civilizational idea , which was first born in the 11th century as `` the christian europe '' . 
  you might chose to discuss that , or not at all , but please do n't pointlessly inform me there are other things the word `` europe '' also denotes . 
  i know that . 
  cheers . 
  how so ? 
  the original idea of the `` european world '' meant all christians living in europe - unspecific of time or age , they just had to be christian and live on the continent . 
  is erdogan some other race ? 
  depends what you understand as `` european '' . 
  geographic , ethnic , civilization and identity wise ? 
  the first historic traces of people talking of europe as one was in the 11th century , in the context of `` the christian world '' , and `` christian europe '' . 
  thracians do n't exist any more . 
  unlike greeks . 
  hence only one of these two groups can complain their land was stolen by another existing group - the turks . 
   the relationship between russia and ukraine is nothing like the relationship between armenia and turkey . 
  i urge you to please look into the history of the two countries , the linguistics , etc. 
  the treatment of ukrainians by russians is also very different and the way they view each other even today . 
  id also suggest you look into the all-russian nation concept that was embraced by the russian empire . 
  `` i urge you to look into the ottoman and neo-ottoman concepts . 
  also the turk kemalism concept that says all people in anatolia , regardless of ethnicity , belong to the turk nation . '', 
  you regurgitate the imperialist , expansionist justifications of one nation at the expense of a smaller one and fail to see how the same was done to your people . 
  it 's both hypocritical and pathetic . 
   all i know is that the genocide question is still debatable and there is no international consensus among scholars that it was a genocide . 
  said the turk about the armenian genocide . 
  honestly , it 's astonishing how to defend your favourite russians you basically take the narrativ of the turks towards the armenian genocide . 
  the same narrativ your rage against usually . 
  it 's hypocritical to love nation a for helping you out against the attrocities of nation b , but then when nation a does the same attrocities towards nation c - deny those or justify them . 
  in the same way nation b denies or justifies their attrocities towards you . 
  it 's a mental gymnastic meant to serve geo-political reasons . 
  google cognitive dissonance . 
  every single muslim was part of a priviliged class over all christians . 
  i ' l live . 
  all graphs , including the last one , show aprox . 
  half of all slavic nations in the world do n't share at all the same ethnic composition as that of the other half . 
  meanwhile , plenty of non-slavic speaking nations , like the hungarians and lithuanians , share more ethnic connection to the northern slav group than those do to the southern slav . 
  southern slavs meanwhile share more dna with non-slavic nations like romanians and greeks . 
  hence , it is not at all logical , under any sicentific circumstance , to use the `` slavic '' linguistical term to also denote nations genetically . 
  if you do that , then you are either saying southern slavs aren ' slavs , or northern slavs are n't slavs . 
  you have to exlude one of the two groups , because they do n't converge genetically at all . 
  and by the way , you are the one rewriting history to fit 19th century pseudo science that divided `` the races '' of europe according to linguistic groups . 
  in reality , historically the term `` slav '' comes from word `` slovo '' - literary `` word '' , and denotes simply people who speak the same , who use similar words . 
  it does n't denote people of similar ancestry and genetics . 
  it never did , that 's a brief period of late 19th and early 20th century racial pseudo sicence you seem to be still regurgitating . 
  your own data disproves it by showing half of the slavi-speaking nations are not genetically connected with the other half , whilst both groups have non-slavic speaking nations that are close to them genetically , making the use of `` slavic '' for anything other than linguistics a nonsense . 
  cool , thanks a lot for the recommendations . 
  by the way , on one hand i did my internships at brussels , whilst on the other my two brothers live in vienna so i ' v visited both cities and know exactly what you meant . 
  your own map shows all southern slavic nations are n't together with the western and eastern slavs in the respective y dna haplogroups , whereas the hungarians and partly austrians and baltic nations are , despite not belonging to the `` slavic '' linguistic group . 
  does n't that precisely show `` slavic '' ca n't be used in genetic or ethnic terms , if it includes non-slavic speaking nations whilst excluding many slavic-speaking ones ? 
  how about just leave the term `` slavic '' to linguistics and use what was called on your own map for genetics - central and eastern indo europeans ? 
  `` slavs '' is n't an ethnic , genetic or racial group . 
  it 's a linguistic one . 
  like `` latin '' . 
  people of various ethnicities and racial profiles who speak similar languages . 
  people here in bulgaria are 100 % slavic because that 's what the language is - people in belarus are also 100 % slavic because of their language - the two nations look nothing alike . 
  same with the poles - they look more like the eastern germans than they do like the serbs or bulgarians . 
  north and south are subjective . 
  to a parisian or a berliner maybe northern means scandinavia . 
  to a medditeranean person everything above czechia is northern europe . 
  eobjectively the poles are most definitely in the northern half of europe . 
  racially too , at least visibly . 
  polish people are northern europeans . 
  russia explaining it like it is . 
  ^ i_know ^ it 's _ not _ ^ russia, 
  i 'd love to . 
  pretty much all of bulgaria goes to greece in the summer , last year there was something like 1.5 million tourists out of just 4 million people of working age here . 
  :d yet i still have n't been there . 
  as a historian i think i 'd appreciate some less-touristy parts , like corinth and delfi more though . 
  geuininely curious by the way , which cities would you classify as more green and less green than athens ? 
  lol , you ' v basically described [ sofia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=byp_-bk0-74 ) . 
  yeah but people from sicily most definitely resemble middle easterners far more than they do northern europeans , as in this case poland . 
  generally i 'd say everyone around the medditeranean is close in racial terms , regardless on which of the 3 continents - they are n't as important in that case as is the proximity of the medditeranean . 
  so cypriots , greeks and sicilians are actually more resembling of syrians and lebanes than they are of poles and germans . 
  is it true athens is horrbly lacking in trees and parks , just generally like on the streets , making it rather a suffocating concrete jungle , as a colleague of mine described it ? 
  why ? 
  but are n't cypriots visibily darker and harier than greeks . 
  or at least northern greeks . 
  i had a cypriot greek guy in my uni and he looked very much arab . 
  [ bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_macedonia ), 
  some royal houses were particularly inbred , others were not more than the regular society , where marrying distant counsins was actually as accepted as was within the royalty . 
  and elizabeth , with her increadible executive and legaslative powers of ... making visits and ... waving at crowds is an absolute * tyrant * !, 
  i ' v seen the same guy defend putin by the way . 
  that 's right , elizabeth is a tyrant but putin is n't . 
  it 's the russian logic people , do n't try to comprehend it . 
  and when she `` dies '' it will only be a public stunt cause it 's get unbelievable how `` old '' she is . 
  they 'll make a fake funeral with an empty cascet and the reptilian inside her will just shed the skin and change it for someone else . 
  probably some country 's next head of state . 
  just a precautionary / s, 
  is glorious . 
  a naturally dark countryside is great , but a dark city is depressing , dangerous and scary as shit .
