  and that 's why we are so unhappy - we collapsed economically to the levels of still semi-agricultural societies in other parts of the world , without still having their low , pre-industrial expectations of individualist success and economic independence . 
   i am [ ... ] a bot [ ... ] actually [ ... ] try harder . 
  i answered that already 5 posts ago :  you forbid reproduction to people with proven , high-risk genetic deseases ( of serious life-debilitating consequences , not color-blindness or baldness ) . 
  natully the definition of the above is n't up to me , or you , it 's up to social debate before any laws are implemented . 
  but it 's prepostereus to insist no level of genetic dissability is bad enough to forbid the parents from reproducing . 
  there are . 
  plenty such , and knowing your kid has a high risk of getting it but still not rather just adopting is the height of cruel egotism . 
  when a society goes over industiralisation it inevitable loses the traditional simplicity of agricultural and family-based societies that keep people with low expectations . 
  people inevitably get `` infected '' ( in a good sense ) with the desire for more , for a better future , for a better life with each generation . 
  this happened simultaniously in eastern and western europe as they transitioned from majority-rural to majority-city populations after the second world war . 
  but whilst prosperity increased sustainably in the west , it collapsed in the east due to communism . 
  the social change , however , had already ocurred and people are now stuck with the modern expectations of a first-world country ( own home , own car , universal healthcare , good education , career , leisure , vacation and entertainment etc. 
  ) , but without the economic base to give that to most . 
  hence why they end up less happy/satisfied than people from poorer countries elsehwere in the world , who have not yet lost their more simple , traditional view of a communal/family based life with little individualistic success and career goals . 
  just my take on things at least . 
  two things you miss here : 1 . 
  a person can chose for himself if he regrets the disability so much or not . 
  he ca n't chose it for another person . 
  he has no right to make that choice for a child . 
  maybe he coped with the disability better than most , maybe he does n't mind it . 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  the kid could hate it so much his whole life is ruined . 
  it ; s a disability we are talking about here , and i specifically mentioned highly debilitating ones , not hair color or short sightedness . 
  so it 's again quite egotisticla to claim you can make the choice for another human 's life whether to live with such a disability or not . 
  you come from the premise that people are always good and not sociopathic or egotistical . 
  some do n't give a fuck . 
  some just want something and take it , no matter the consequences . 
  plenty of people make children just like that , then do n't give a fuck or take care of tehm . 
  you come from the premise the person will actually think of the child 's good , which is n't always the case . 
  and even if it were - as i wrote above , he has no right to conemn someone else to a life of debilitation just because he got used to it and does n't regret being alive . 
  no person ever , with or without disability , can decide his life was n't worth living at all . 
  because it 's his particular life , he was born , he was an individual . 
  i 'm not advocating here for the destruction of people who already exists , but of prevention of certain dissabilities ocurring in the first place . 
  no person with a dissability would rather have his dissability exist in the world . 
  yet some are too selfish and cruel to insist their child must have their own blood and this is more important than its health . 
  this is despicable and close sociopathy - complete lack of empathy with the human being you will condemn to a life of dissability just because your little feelies would n't be fully satisfied if your kid was adopted . 
  disgusting and inhumane . 
  my answer to him applies here to :  and it is n't ethically questionable to know you have a very high risk of giving your child serious disabilities if you reproduce , or reproduce with that one particular person ( if you both have genese that combined predispose ) , and yet you decide to do it anyway ? 
  despite adoption being a completely viable option ? 
  how horribly selfish , almost cruel , to say `` i want my child to be my own blood so much , i am ready to risk it suffering its entire life . 
  this is less important than my desire to have child that is n't adopted '' ? 
  this thinking is far more `` ethically questionable '' , i 'd say actually open cruelty and egotism , than not allowing it . 
  and it is n't ethically questionable to know you have a very high risk of giving your child serious disabilities if you reproduce , or reproduce with that one particular person ( if you both have genese that combined predispose ) , and yet you decide to do it anyway ? 
  despite adoption being a completely viable option ? 
  how horribly selfish , almost cruel , to say `` i want my child to be my own blood so much , i am ready to risk it suffering its entire life . 
  this is less important than my desire to have child that is n't adopted '' ? 
  this thinking is far more `` ethically questionable '' , i 'd say actually open cruelty and egotism , than not allowing it . 
  of course no . 
  deciding to have such a ban is the first step . 
  all else follows . 
  jsut having the ban in place sends a strong message enough to discourge many from the simple fact it becomes a social stigma when something is illegal . 
  further discouraging can occur through various penalties for breaking that - not such that would harm the child 's future , as in jail , i ; m sure we can think of stuff . 
  the idea is n't an instant , complete avoidance of any such people making kids tomorrow . 
  the idea is a social acceptance that making a child when you know you strongly and certainly risk it having serious dissabilities is irresponsible and extremely selfish when adoption is an option . 
  from there on you build on discouraging this from happening , not on immediately preventing it at all costs . 
  it has more cons than prons to go all the way as you described . 
  we already go into eugenics with certain procedures , for example aborting children with detected dissabilities . 
  what i proposed is the same , just less invasive , time consuming and emotionally draining on the parents - you forbid reproduction to people with proven , high-risk genetic deseases ( of serious life-debilitating consequences , not color-blindness or baldness ) . 
  let them adopt , but their insistance on creating a child with a very high risk of having a horrible desease or dissability is extremely selfish on the part of the parents and society should n't allow a person to be born with such problems when it was clearly known as a risk , just because the parents insisted they will not adopt but have a child of their own . 
  whereas we should . 
   if you say the bulgarians deported the turks in bulgaria where did i say this ? 
  i know very well the migration history of our turks as i had to study it during my history bachelors . 
  i am asking again - what expulsions at the collapse of the ottoman empire ? 
  exactly . 
  there were waves of migration both towards , and back to bulgaria . 
  they were always allowed back in and hence their population has ** increased ** since then , not decreased . 
  we ' v got more than 800,000 turks today , as opposed to 450,000 100 years ago , despite their reproduction rate falling to replacement well in the late 70s . 
  so , do you have some actual info on your claims or are you just gon na throw words around ? 
  what turks did bulgaria deport at the end of ottomans ? 
  as usual the macedonian identity is based on two things - denying what the identity of the people they write in their history was ( alexander - hellenic , samuil/delchev etc. 
  - bulgarian ) , and claim just because they right now have a separate country on that land , anyone who ever walked it or lived must have had the same identity as them . 
  nope , your identity of a completely unique , separate from bulgarians nation of macedonia is a 20th century one . 
  people in macedonia did n't have it before , so the people who `` physically fucking lived here , in my city '' did n't believe in the made-up nation the yugoslavs imposed . 
  people like todor alexandrov and goce dlechev called themselves bulgairans first , then macedonians by region , same as we have thracian bulgarians , moeasian bulgarians , dobrudjan bulgairans etc. 
  the yugoslavs took this regional identity and made a whole nationality out of it to stop bulgaria from fighting wars for the region . 
  good job they did , we do n't fight for macedonia anymore . 
  but it does n't mean we should let this new made up nation steal and fabricate history . 
  your idea of nationality did n't exit prior to the 20th century , and none of the people you claim to be `` macedonians '' from your nation actually shared it . 
  you ' r the one who ought to accept it and find a way to make your own national history now , rather than just go back and put your modern `` macedonian '' nationality like a stamp on all who ever lived in that part of the world , even if they clearly had a different identity from yours . 
  did n't get how you do n't talk . 
  are u fucking kidding me ? 
  :d this is almost bloody pure bulgarian , spoken by someone from a village . 
  i got every single word of it . 
  some `` language '' . 
  lol 3 . 
  eastern macedonia is n't `` still bulgaria '' . 
  all of macedonia is . 
  then stop stealing our history and culture . 
  not our fault your `` nation '' did n't exist 100 years ago and it was considered bulgarian there . 
  you want something new - feel free to be new , just do n't claim stuff from back when people in macedonia overwhelmingly identified as bulgarian and fought , like goce delchev or todor alexandrov , for the bulgarian national cause . 
  christian doctrine has remained unchainged in the catholic church for the past 1700 years . 
  it is n't my fault you are ignorant of it . 
  the entire doctrine was based on people deciding the teachings of christ will be their theological basis . 
  teachings that continued some parts of the torah , but directly refuted others and replaced them with their own version ( forgiveness instead of vengeance for example ) . 
  this is all one package - one religion . 
  you need to have the old testament there if you are going to explain what jesus meant when saying `` the old law '' permits stoning of whores , but he instead protected mary magdalene from the crowd and instead said `` let those without a sin throw the first stone '' . 
  the old testament is there to serve as a guid to christ 's teaching . 
  but this teaching is the basis of the religion . 
  a teaching that clearly states a common pattern - forgiveness , mercy , love , peace and charity , and stays in tune with that when accepting such verses from the old testament , whilst condeming others . 
  hence why no one pretends the old testament does n't exist - on the contrary , the church includes it in each bible for it to serve the crucial role it needs in explaining jesus ' teachings .
