  and when in 1885 two of these pieces united russia protested and sent the serbs to stop it in the war of 1885 . 
  and when the unified country declared independence from the turks in 1908 russia opposed that again . 
  why ? 
  are n't they `` orthodox borthers '' ? 
  russia would n't repress and kill thousands of `` slavic orthodox brothers '' in ukraine over the last 3 centuries either . 
  russia does n't give a fuck about orthodox brothers or constantinople - it only cares about its interrest and expanding . 
  it always was an imperial country that cares about power , about subjugating people , about occupied others and ruining neighbouring nations . 
  and no , i am not a turk or a leftist , i am a christian - a real christian who would n't let christian borthers be vassals of the turks and protest when they liberate themselves . 
  i am a right wing nationalist who would n't support communist and bolshevik parties , like the kremlin does today all over europe , and in this country . 
  if russia is today `` orthodox '' , why does it pay our socialist party - made up of people who were part of the communist regime that destroyed churches and banned people from being orthodox ? 
  the uk lost 450,000 out of a population of 47 million , but those 450,000 include soldiers from its empire . 
  so the percentage is tiny , many times smaller than during the civil war . 
  cheers for your contributing comment as well . 
  very much needed and very much imporving the quality of this conversation . 
  you must be a delight to talk to and a well informed member of any discussion . 
  not censoring , adding the $ sign to it to imply it 's them getting money from organisations and ngo 's connected with the respective influence zones that actually means `` sucking cock '' . 
  you ' r just stupid enough to have the reference fly over your head . 
  is russia really that desperate for a couple of ships ? 
  they were headed for the same the first time . 
  as in immediate damage - no . 
  the war killed millions and destroyed entire cities . 
  the cold war saw building cities rather than destroying them . 
  as in long-term damage - definitely the cold war . 
  world war 2 killed off a population that was quickly returned in demogprahic terms and destroyed cities that were rebuilt in decades . 
  communism made us miss a pivotal moment in urbanisation that determined what countries would be first world and which would be loosing people to migration for decades to come . 
  the inevitable fall of the communist experiment actually deprived eastern europe of more people through migration than the second world war , and we are still loosing . 
  especially young and educated ones . 
  so both are correct in their own way . 
  between them sucking on the west 's c $ ck and wanting to emulate the `` progressive west '' in all they do and say , and the russo-idiots sucking on kremlin 's c $ ck and wanting to emulate `` glorious \u0420\u0443\u0441 / \u0421\u0421\u0421\u0420 '' in all , this country 's political landscape is getting a bit too frustrating for me . 
  the uk had pretty terrific time compared to anyone in eastern europe , but they had made up for it in the civil war that killed off a good chunk of the population . 
  pretty much . 
  poland : 1 . 
  [ world war two ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_poland_ ( 1939 % e2 % 80 % 9345 ) ) - 6 million people ( 3 mil . 
  poles , 3 jews ) killed and the country devastated . 
  [ partitions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland ) - divided between 3 empires , the nation occupied , uprisings bloodily repressed and language and culture persectued by germanification and russification . 
  [ the deluge ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deluge_ ( history ) ) - 20 years of unstopping invasions and civil wars that depopulated the country , destroyed it as a regional power and sealed its grim fate over the next 2 centuries . 
  [ communism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_poland_ ( 1945 % e2 % 80 % 931989 ) ) - well-known repressions i would go into detail , a failed economical experiment that caused the country to miss the vital period of urbanisation which built western europe as the current first world . 
  its effects will be felt for decades to come . 
  not trianon ? 
  you ' r such a special little snowflake for satirizing your nation 's history . 
  so different from the rest , so unique . 
  did n't the civil war ravage england far more than the second world war ? 
  3rd snarky comment with no substance or contribution to the thread due to complete lack of any knowledge on the subject to give actual arguments . 
  you appear like a peasant trying to form coherent taught . 
  i am startign to feel embarassed for you . 
  same thing again . 
  very constructive comments mate , you ' r like a school kid just saying `` no you ' r wrong '' in a debate . 
  please learn a bit how to argue like an adult - you ' r supposed to address the opponents claims and arguments with such of your own , like i did , not himself . 
  that 's called an ad hominem fallacy and gets you disqualified in competitive debating at unviersity . 
  but i guess you did n't go to one to know . 
  every time a brainwashed serb or russian makes a bold claim and gets refuted with facts he runs away quickly with a short snarky remark like this . 
  no surprise here . 
  edit : nice going adding all that comment to your short ad hominem now that i called you out on it . 
  why not go and edit your other comments as well not to look like a tool . 
  will russia make a referendum in its ethnic republics to see if they want to be governed by moscow ? 
  the same that fought two wars in chechnya just a few years ago to break away from it ? 
  oh i forgot , russia outlawed all talk of separatism , whilst at the same time it hosts world separatists convention in moscow and directly supports separatists in georgia and ukraine . 
  we can thank the kremlin 's denial that de jure ukraine is n't at war with them , only with separatists in its own territory . 
  if those get crushed and kiev renounces crimea they can join without issues . 
  the russian fought their 13th war against the ottoman empire when they saw that it was loosing its balkan provinces one after another ( serbia and greece were already free ) . 
  the purpose was to quickly carve out a balkan satellite . 
  this is why bulgaria was not liberated , but only 2 small parts of it , and left separate and vassals of the ottomans . 
  when the two parts united 7 years later in 1885 the russians opposed it and sent the serbs to stop it . 
  they failed . 
  then when the united country declared independence in 1908 russia opposed again . 
  all of this because russia did n't want bulgaria to have an independent policy - it just needed bulgaria to be weak satellite of petrograd . 
  how can bulgaria be grateful when russia has done all it can to leave bulgaria as weak and small as possible in order to control it ? 
   i wonder if in many years bulgarians would be thaught that russia occupied bulgaria this already is true - the russians occupied bulgaria in 1944 and we liberated ourselves in 1989 . 
  risk what ? 
  the day ukraine joins nato russia all of a sudden invades ? 
  :d what is this , the middle ages ? 
  things do n't go like that - even the cold war saw the ussr and us only square off in proxy wars , whilst continue their trade uninterrupted . 
  today it 's even more so - never will there be a conventional military conflict between russia and nato - it 's ridiculous to think so . 
  half the russian oligarchs live in london , the other half has their families and fortunes in the west . 
  putin 's own daugther lives in the netherlands . 
  geo-poltiics is n't a video game , people have to stop imgaining a `` third world war ' or any kind of direct war with russia - it 's hilarious . 
  under the right circumstances you could ' v grown to be a kukluxklan member , a bolshevik , an islamic terrorist , a greedy capitalist , a pedo rapist , an alcoholic etc. 
  it does n't mean the actions of any of the above should be less regarded worth consequences , just because we * understand * how they came to be . 
  it 's a fact russian society came to overwhelmingly celebrate the aggressive and expansionist policies of the kremlin . 
  it is to be punished , regardless if one can * understand * the underlying causes . 
  the country getting divided along ethnic and religious lines is much better than staying under a unified dictatorship that bombs its own cities . 
  syria is an artificial colonial construct - it should n't exist in the first place . 
  let alawites have the coast , kurds have the north , sunni arabs have the rest . 
  and see who decides to run their country what way , instead of drowning the land in blood just to keep those groups together in a remnant from the colonial past . 
  the berlin congress divided bulgaria because russia wanted a small satellite easy to control . 
  bulgaria united and the russians sent the serbs to backstab us and stop our unification . 
  you are the traitors , you are the backstabbers after thousands of bulgarians fought with the serbs for your freedom in the 19th century . 
  so it does n't matter what happened later - we did n't owe serbia anything , you had broken any friendship and deserved any war against you by bulgaria . 
  so do n't talk to me about `` orthodox people '' , because you invaded your orthodox neighbours to please your russian masters like dogs . 
  are you saying the serb invasion of 1885 did n't happen ? 
  :d lol , serbs and russians literary say anything they do n't like is `` western proapganda '' . 
  what morons . 
  yep , the alawites would be oppressed now . 
  pretty sad . 
  but not as much as the entire country reduced to dust , tens of thousands dead , 10 million displaced and numerous historical sites and artefacts destroyed . 
  nothing would be worse than what happened , so there 's no way an intervention back in the day would n't be better . 
  syria was much more alike tunis in all regards , and tunis avoided a civil war after the arab spring . 
  but tunis had a quick removal of the dictatorship and that 's why it is n't ruined today , whereas syria had russia to protect its dictatorship , resulting in the carnage we have . 
  did n't answer my question of course - what happened in 1885 ? 
  bulgarians fought together with the serbs against the turks for centuries .
