  the russian part of it happened in the grand dutchy and the eastern lands , so again - to count it is to consider those lands polish . 
  and then it 's not a liberation , is it ? 
  well in that case , considering they are lifting the ban because of a drop of 40 % in blood donation , would n't destroying more batches because of the more frequent presence of infected blood end up a counterproductive measure ? 
  the partitions and the 1939-1989 occupation , what are the other 3 ? 
  i understand the risks with gay men having much higher hiv and sexual deseases rates , but is n't the blood tested after the donation anyway ? 
  ca n't they basically take blood from anyone , since all of it is tested before given to someone else ? 
  of course u/sarmatae of all people will be defending the overpaid , lazy , priviliged milicioners !, 
  how could this possibly be a surprise ? 
  u/sarmatae , you are almost as if a troll trying to defend all that is wrong in this world . 
  i almost do n't believe you exist . 
  bulgaria has the largest number of cops per capita of all european countries and the highest crime in the same time , yet you defend these overpaid milicioners . 
  just classic - u/sarmatae standing for all that is wrong with bulgaria , as usual . 
  next on - u/sarmatae defends cholera from the brutal attack of `` eurogay '' doctors , and u/sarmatae attacks the `` euro-fascist '' attack of cleaners agains defenceless , proletarian street garbage . 
  because it belongs to the same land , nation , history , ethnicity , ancestry , culture and island . 
  because it 's richer than the uk and can provide a transfer of wealth the uk does n't . 
  because it will be about 25 % of the electorate and have the second largest city - all of this meaning a far greater influence and say than as a small , overseas , poor and rather unimportant province of the much larger uk . 
  a more logical question is why * would n't * that region rather be far more important and invested in as part of its own historic land , than to remain an unimportant poor part of a foreign nation . 
  it 's rich of russia to play the supporter of people 's independence and separatism . 
  to arm separatists in neigbouring countries , hold `` world separatist conventions '' in moscow and even fight wars with other states for the independence of this or that region . 
  but then go and outlaw any form of talk of separatism in russia itself . 
  crush the its own chechen separatists . 
  send known separatist activists to prison , and outright deny any notion of the many non-russian people within russia the same rights it claims it defends in minorities in its neighbours . 
  few countries are as hypocritical and openly full of shit in their international positions as russia . 
  except when shit happens to you or the russians - then you bitch and moan to the whole world . 
  who cares about kosovo - shit happens , right ? 
  then either stop bitching about it all over the internet , or stop trying to downplay when shit happens to other people . 
  ( as long as they are victims or enemies of your master russia , of course . 
  you do n't downplay the shit that the us does to nations ), 
  as a polish myself , i respect that they did this and congratulate the russians on their anniversary . 
  the civilized approach to history is to openly admit when your nation was doing something bad to another and not blindly defend its actions when that other nation celebrates its victory . 
  i said the left turns most often racist towards e.europe ( as compared to other polit . 
  leanings ) , out of my own experience seeing that most often from them , not that the entire left and all its members is always such , as his statement was about all eastern europeans at all times . 
  it 's quite paradoxical the supposedly `` anti-racist '' left of western europe , in their hatred of racism , turn the most racist towards eastern europeans . 
  i ' v heard the vast majority of racist attitudes towards eastern europe come from westerners with left leanings , caused by the nationalistic and conservative attitudes of people in the east . 
   i honestly do n't believe the majority of people ~ ~ under the age of 18 ~ ~ are mature enough and politically informed enough to have a say in the matter . 
  ftfy, 
  but a 16-year old can be expected to have an understanding of what the eu is and how it affects him , whereas a 10-year old ca n't be . 
  we say just litva in bulgaria and i find that the easiest for all international speakers of the names proposed in this thread . 
  bulgaria : ** another air ... ** ... the horse 's nostrils breathe . 
  and the moist eye is half-shut on purpose since he knows , why does he need to see ? 
  only the habit still prevents him from rattling his hoofs towards the stars . 
  author : vanya angelova, 
  it truly baffles me such a rich country as italy ca n't destroy its mafia still . 
  what 's left for countries 4 and more times poorer like mine . 
  but not the second most funded or overal capable of power projection . 
  because when i posted the original story it got removed because breitbart dot com is not an accepted source here . 
  the or . 
  story is only there . 
  `` stand and defend fedora '' is something their southern bohemian cousins would more likely chant . 
  or there could , just might , be some more complex socio-political and macro-economic reasons , rather than petty racism . 
  on an unrelated note , why is it these entirely new accounts that always spew the kind of simplistic bullshit we see above ? 
  i hope you forgot an / s at the end . 
  now countries are `` provoking '' russia just by arming themselves ? 
  whilst invaded by groups supported by that same russia ? 
  whilst russia is the world 's second most armed state ? 
  da faq ? 
  try victoria 2 . 
  eu iv is to it what `` age of empires '' is to eu iv . 
  shows the difference between `` european turks '' that are recent immigrants and the ones that lived here for centuries . 
  bulgaria has 800,000 turks from the second group and they vote for hdp . 
  why ? 
  towards ? 
  edgy . 
  got some more ? 
  because it is hampered by horrendeus corruption . 
  it would otherwise be , which is his point - smaller economies indeed * are * easier to steer than large ones , if not hampered by extraordinary effects , be it corruption , war , demographic crisis etc. 
  `` normally '' the government would n't take the debts over such a long period of time in the first place . 
  we saw well enough greece 's governments do n't do what they `` normally '' should . 
  the fault in greece is their own 100 % , after they lived well above their means for decades . 
   state assistance is available to unemployed citizens in every single european country . 
  majority of women in prostitution do it simply because it is a job that pays very well for relatively little effort . 
  and they do it out of their own free will . 
  contradictory to the statistical research that influenced the decision to restrict it in sweden , after it was the first country to legalize it completely many decades ago . 
  it showed this is purely not the case and the vast majority are pushed by circumstances , usually financial , to work there , but would gladly take other opportunities over it . 
  as they end up actually doing thanks to the programme now and it vastly reduces nubmers of prostitutes there . 
  but hey , u/maslo59 's vast theoretical knowledge is far more reliable . 
  i 'll sure rather trust your little delusions about prostitution that you have so that you can support your position of pro-legalisation . 
   that woman in germany , she was given a job as a bartender at a brothel . 
  no one has ever been forced into prostitution by the state in germany in the past decades . 
  corrected . 
   also , here 's some free stuff , maybe you could use some :  a  e  i  o  u elaborate . 
  women who readily want to use their bodies to make money do n't become prosts and go take it up the ass 10 times a night - they become gold-diggers , frequent nice clubs , choose whom they want to fuck for the money that sugger-daddy will provide and have all the freedom in the world . 
  prostitution is very different and even in legalized states like germany the ammount of women who are forced to do it , if not physically then through circumstance is high enough to fight against it . 
  it is regulated in the example of sweden i gave - they treat the prosts as victims of circumstance who receive government help to find another way to support themselves , whilst persecutting the pimps and the customers , who would take advantage ( financial or sexual ) of the victim 's circumstance . 
  it has resulted in a huge decrease in the numbers of prostitutes . 
  almost as if the vast majority of women do n't enjoy sucking cocks to survive and gladly take state assistance to leave the business once it 's treated this way . 
  no , it 's because people might contract the gay and become gender . 
   i mean , prostitutes actually make a fair amount of money all of them ? 
  the ones on the side of the road that suck you off for 5 euros do n't make `` a fair amount of money '' . 
   for not too much work and basically without any skill needed . 
  again , all of them ? 
  the ones that make the proper money , the escorts , do have quite the set of skills to do so . 
  you ' r making a generalization and a contradictory one at that - the prosts with no skills do n't make `` a fair amount of money '' , and the ones that do - have skills . 
  the us has a lower public debt as % of gdp than the uk - 72 % vs. 90 % . 
  and only slightly higher net gov. 
  debt as % of gdp - 87 % vs 82 % . 
   joke, 
  but historian norman davies told me [ it 's poland ] ( http://www.amazon.com/heart-europe-past-polands-present/dp/0192801260 ) ? 
  this approach reminds me of the swedish approach towards prostitution - which is to treat it as an abuse of victims of their circumstance rather than a crime , and assist prosts whilst persecute those who use the victims - pimps and customers . 
  supposedly it has achieved great effects in reducing the number of women who prostitute .
