  same as people call fascists or islamists scum without care that there may be countries where a large chunk of society responds to that . 
  or should they care and be a bit more `` sensitive '' ? 
  that 's impossible , hitler was already dead . 
  killed by the hero we 're talking of . 
  no , in fact it 's quite popular on the internet , i read it , liked it , and then saw fitting to use here . 
  did you like it ? 
  i 'm glad if you did , but no - it was n't my own original creation , it was someone else 's , but i unfortunarely do not know his identity to referrence it in a bibliography underneath , as i otherwise certainly would . 
  anyhow , nice talking to you !, 
  organised by varufakis , attended by julian assange , representatives of germany 's blockupy movement and meps from podemos . 
  is this trying to be the left 's cesspool ? 
  should 've chose scum as their abbreviation . 
  edit : \u00a1 no pasar\u00e1n !, 
  downvoters of the world unite !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you sound like someone having a panich attack , can you be a bit more clear/direct if you are expressing a negative or a positive opinion ( i ca n't tell ) ? 
  hitler was a hero . 
  he killed hitler !, 
   nothing , until it 's done to ` show those russians whose who ' . 
  poland and eastern states are sovereign and have all the right to militarise their eastern border , same as russia has its own with them ... ... only until it 's done to `` show those russians whose who '' ? 
  if russia is the reason they suddenly lose the right to be sovereign and militarise their frontiers . 
  somwhow to `` russia-understanding '' westerners like you it seems eastern europe is n't made up of sovereing states with exactly the same right as russia , but of buffer states that have to be careful not to step onto russia 's `` zone of influence '' . 
  they ca n't militarise as it did , they ca n't move troops , bases or hold joint trainings near russia 's borders , as it does all the time . 
  this is an arrogant , ignorant and quite offensive mentality . 
  someone from a 14-million people nation that has all the sovereignty in the world to do as it pleases with its military tells 100 million eastern europeans they have to be careful not `` to anger the bear '' by being sovereign and moving bases to their states . 
  pathetic . 
   anybody who thinks russia is about to invade an eu memberstate has completely lost his mind . 
  i never claimed that . 
  russia is n't about to invade , it merely is doing what each sovereign state can do - amass troops at its borders and place bases there . 
  it has been doing it for decades , and that 's all the eastern states want to do as well . 
  which people like you claim they have n't got a right or should n't . 
  similarly , anyone who thinks nato bases in eastern countries are going to be used for an invasion of russia or provoke a war has lost his mind . 
  all this `` militarisation '' of eastern europe does is even the odds with russia , which has had its own western border militarised for decades . 
  people like you are claiming we should sit defenceless here for you to feel at ease that no one is `` angering '' the russians . 
  easy position from someone all the way near the channel . 
  an arrogant and an offensive one as well though . 
   and here we are people cheering for beating the war drums in a continent that merely 2 decades ago celebrated the fall of the wall that divided us . 
  no one is beating no war drums . 
  putting troops on your borders same as russia is doing is the most normal thing in the world and wo n't lead to war . 
   i did n't say ` militarisation ' i said ` militarisation of our eastern borders ' . 
  and * your eastern borders * are * our entire countries * , which are sitting defenceless near a military giant that freely concentrates armies on its western borders , places bases and makes trainings . 
  we do n't have the right to do the same so you can feel calmer , is that the case ? 
   it woke up in 1990 finding itself in a position to build a prospering , free and peaceful continent , only to revert to old habits again . 
  no one is threatening the peace and prosperity on the continent other than the russians . 
  what 's the difference if there are bases in germany or in poland ? 
  both equal member states , is poland not as important or perhaps not a sovereign state to ask for such bases ? 
  why is it bad to `` militarise '' outer borders of nato ? 
  is n't it a defensive alliance with that very purpose - deterring any possible aggression and making members feel safer ? 
  is n't increase in military budget , soldiers and material what `` militarisation '' means - how is it merely transfering soldiers and material already in nato 's arsenal to nato members `` militarisation '' . 
  what 's strange or wrong about this in the context of russia having far superior military numbers on the borders of those states for years ? 
  what `` has become '' of europe ? 
  it 's waking up ? 
  people who oppose the wave of political correctness do n't care about being called bad words , they care about real actions being taken by the state in silencing certain world-views . 
  good for him , the person responsible for breaking england , and as a result the entire future anglo-sphere , from the christian church ought to be spinning in his grave . 
  whereas i wonder why is portugal part of it . 
  you are neither contributing to it like the us , nor really in need of it like the eastern states . 
  you are just , kinda , there . 
  about time . 
  that 's what i thought , hence i asked him for the other side - how is it detrimental , to the point the state has a law against it . 
  care to elaborate for me ? 
  why is it not great to have as big a trade surplus as possible ? 
  why is it namecalling ? 
  people proudly present themselves as such right before expressing the ideas you just did . 
  it was an observation therefore . 
  i am disagreeing with the way you seem to present the west as `` expanding '' or `` buying off '' states , when those states have made their own decision to seek a western path . 
  this is the narrative of the kremlin and it basically takes all agency or decision from those states - they do n't chose to join nato , which is their sovereign right , no - `` nato expanded eastwards '' onto them . 
  another russlandversteher , eh ? 
   we westerners have pressed up that gap between the black and the caspian as far as turkey . 
  we tried to buy off georgia already . 
  by `` pressing up '' or buying off countries you seem to understand a state that was either non-aligned or under the soviets during the cold war joining the nato alliance or establishing good ties with it and the eu . 
  which is in itself a very west-centric , if not almost deragatory attitude towards those people , taking away any agency from them and considering they have to be `` bought off '' or fall under a `` western expansion '' to want to join the west . 
  no other explanation possible . 
  not like there might be a serious reason for them to want to distance themselves as much as possible from the kremlin and join the west , like maybe 3 centuries of bloody russian expansion culminating in 45 years of direct rule . 
   there is a longstanding and open policy to encircle russia . 
  why ? 
  depends on who you ask , but there are professional agencies in place who do that historically . 
  again , a load of crap trying to say states neigbouring russia have no agency themselves , they have no right to decide whom they join - if they join the west and distance themselves from russia they are n't making a decision , they are merely `` falling victim '' to western `` policy of encirclement '' . 
   then you have the money . 
  certain circles evaporated with the family silver after the wall came down . 
  they sit abroad , bitching and moaning , and pay lots of money to various parties to declare themselves political opposition . 
  political opposition in russian can not come from an oligarch . 
  maybe casparov is more real but i do n't know anything about him . 
  so i get two things from this : a ) all opposition in russia is just bought by people who ran with the money . 
  one ca n't be an opposition just by himself , not wanting the current state of affairs from example . 
  he must be someone bought off from outside . 
  same as the entire states that turn their back to russia are just `` bought off '' from the west . 
  everything that goes against the kremlin is just sponsored in the west , the whole country and its political regime is just a victim . 
  now i start to doubt if you ' r a typical german russlandversteher or just a russian speaking german . 
  2 ) somehow being sponsored from abroad means it 's ok to make the death threats , assasinations and cohersion of the opposition that does happen . 
   putin ? 
  what are his goals , do you think ? 
  bring back the prominance the ussr used to have in the world , which naturally goes through re-insertion of its control over the states that currently border it and have mainly turned their face to the west . 
  hence the massive state-sponsored propaganda war that so many leftist westerners have fallen for . 
   i think most of europe want russia to become like them to expand the trading region . 
  i think america wants to contain them , and the problem is that russia knows if america contains them , america wo n't stop the oligarchs and easy capital from raping them , again . 
  containing russia is a matter of external policy , not internal . 
  i do n't know why you equate oligarch ruining the country as in the 90s with containing russia . 
  russia can have any type of government and still be contained if it simply does n't aggressively meddle in its neighbouring countries or annex land from them . 
  besides , the country still is by all means run by oligarchs who rape it by deepening the dependence on oil and gas , whilst extracting huge wealth for themselves . 
  i do n't know how can you call throwing away 50 billion dollars for the most expensive games in history when your people are among the sickest and most early-dying on the continent , than with the term `` rape '' . 
  what i want or not does n't change the nature of system unless it is somehow dependent on my will .
