  so you gave , in fact , the most horrible example for your position possible . 
  there are few , if any , general anti-migrant people in europe . 
  what there are , many of is anti-afro/muslim migrants by the millions . 
  there 's a considerable difference . 
  poles , for example , have wellcomed more than a million ukrainians with no problem , no fuss , no clash . 
  they just prefer the logical , sane , rational migration of people who are similar to them or at least from the same continent . 
  the countries in yellow here are n't `` anti-migrant '' , they are against seeing african or muslim ghettos in their countries like they can see all over western and northern europe . 
  and that 's entirely rational . 
  yes . 
  when communists murder can i blame that on `` the joys of internationalism '' ? 
  no it is n't . 
  by any definition you give here . 
  tens of thousands of people were executed over the course of months in many countries take over by the soviets . 
  here in bulgaria the unofficial numbers rank as high as 60,000 `` enemies of the people '' killed immediately after the regime took power in 1944 . 
  numbers vary all across eastern europe , but in poland alone the fighting continued against the resistance armia krajova for some time and the death toll is in the tens of thousands , not over the course of decades , but months and a few years . 
  entire people were , indeed , ethnicly cleansed as well after ww2 . 
  the crimean tatars were entirely deported by stalin , and tens of thousands died in the process , as they were taken over thousands of kilometers to central asia in cattle trains . 
  i can go on , but it is a fact that both mass murder , mass rape , and ethnic cleansing has been done on a large scale in europe after ww2 that exceeds the scope of srebrenica . 
  this does n't demean the srebrenica massacre , but please do not demean the victims of those other crimes like you do when you claim they were smaller in scope than 8372 people executed - less than 1/4 of the tatars for example who died when they were ethnicly cleansed by the soviets . 
  a very stupid statement , contradicting in its own premise . 
  it is precisely thanks to government power that `` people with no moral '' have been able to take power and cause massive ammounts of suffering , destruction and death throughout history , as well as today . 
  most genocides , persecutions , mass theft etc. 
  has come not from private individuals working within the system of free enterprise between people , but from people holding governmental power - kings , queens , `` general secretaries of the party '' , `` fuhrers '' , emperors , generals , prime ministers , presidents etc. 
  the government bureaucracy is the easiest way for the evil people , as well as those incapable of benefiting society through honest work or entrepreneurship , to gain power and use it to enrich themselves through theft or impose their ideas on others through violence . 
  how ? 
  what human rights in classical european liberalism constitute `` national sovereignty '' and how does airbnb create externalities on any given individual 's human rights ? 
  no one advocates for such , not even the classical liberals . 
  there are consequences to property rights , as well as all others - called negative externalities - i.e. 
  when exercising your right directly and inevitably infringes on the rights of others . 
  not in practice , yes in theory . 
  and all talk of `` rights '' which is normative should be based in theory , as you ca n't talk of how something `` ought to be '' without doing it theoretically . 
  i try to avoid it as much as possible . 
  why ? 
  `` neolibaralism '' ca n't be the core of something born 300 years ago - classical european liberalism . 
  this is a logical nonsense . 
  the core of cel is the idea of human rights , which are intrinsic and natural . 
  to have a right means to be free from something - free from cohersion , violence , theft etc. 
  you ca n't have a right * to * someone else 's work or property , which is what you wrote here . 
  the `` right to have a roof over your head '' can mean either the right to acquire such in a voluntary transaction with someone else or the right to build it yourself . 
  it ca n't mean the right to be given one from the rest of society , since this means soemone else gets to build it , and essentially you want people to have a right over other people 's work or property . 
  people right now have the right to either purchase a home , or build it themsleves . 
  what you want is n't them having the right to a home - but the privilige to be provided a home by the government through the violation of other people 's rights , that of private property . 
  ergo , you deny the classical european liberal idea of human rights and favor instead the idea of forcing people , of taking their property and of coercing them through violence in order to achieve a social goal you have set yourself upon . 
  naturally , you are free to hold such ideas , just do n't misrepresent them - you do not favour human rights , you favour particular social outcomes that you are willing to achieve through the violation of basic human rights . 
  because  private property is an intrinsic right, 
  depends on the rental regulations . 
  they absolutely do follow plenty such , as i have personally experienced in using airbnb , with all basic negative externalities of life in an apartament building addressed . 
  noise , pollution , security etc. 
  are all addressed when you take an airbnb . 
  what they do n't follow are the regulations which aim to centrally plan what can be rented in a city , forbid this to private property owners , or tax it . 
  all things that should n't exist in a society which respects the intrinsic right to private property . 
  poor people also have private property , your remark makes zero sense . 
  it 's like me mentioning that the right to life is intrinsic when someone wants to kill the rich , and you answer with `` because fuck the poor , am i right ? '' . 
  no , just respect everyone 's natural rights to life , liberty and property , regardless of their social status , race , sex , religion etc. 
  this is the core of classical european liberalism on which our modern civilization was built . 
  airbnb does nothing but connect people . 
  people who have a private property they are willing to rent as is their intrinsic right to private property , and people who are willing to rent it , as is also their right . 
  government has no business meddling in this voluntary , private transaction between individuals . 
  good for it then , private property is an intrinsic right and anyone ought to be able to rent out his without government interference . 
  as should be the right of anyone holding apartments as their private property . 
  you should n't get to say if i rent my own private property to people or not . 
  yes you do have to do with it - you live on a peninsula globally , internationally and historically [ referred to ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans#name ) for centuries now by the name of `` our mountain '' , whether you like it or not you pompous croat . 
   cry me a river, 
  r/adriaaa seems to be painfully unaware that the peninsula his country finds itself in is called `` the balkan peninsula '' and hence , `` balkan '' is an adjective for all who live on it . 
  no one in europe but a tiny , tiny amount of hard-core nazis genuinely has a problem with refugees from the mid east , women , children and their husbands/brothers , coming in - and i would dare even say , staying here . 
  if this was all of it - just refugees once a few decades , you would n't hear a word . 
  the reason there is such a fuzz is because europe has already been the target of mass african/arab migration for decades and it seems like it will never stop . 
  france already has more than 8 million maghrebis , the vast majority of whom hold just as strongly to their maghrebi identity as their forefathers who came did . 
  germany has more than 3 million turks waving the flag of a country they were n't born in ( turkey ) and never that of germany . 
  the uk , belgium , holland etc. 
  - people in europe are n't heartless xenophobes who do not want to help women and children from syria , they are just people getting highly worried about the future of their demographic and cultural group inside their own countries . 
  people wondering if their grand-children wo n't find themselves in the situation that white south africans are today . 
  in this context , the unfortunate reaction is `` shut down the borders !!! '', 
  even towards genuine refugees among the vast majority of non-refugee , regular migrants pouring into the continent . 
  which i clearly expressed as national identity , not papers . 
  both remained quite thoroughly and openly polish in their identity throughout their lives , had you read anything about them , their work or their statements . 
  except she actually got her entire education , knowledge , ambition and understanding of science in poland , especially from her polish father who rather than `` growing potatoes '' was the director of the warsaw academia and taught mathematics and physics . 
  he even brought laboratory equipment home from the academia to teach his children with it . 
  something 99 % of people in france at the time had no access to either . 
  ( and most of them also grew potatoes or other basic agriculture for a living ), 
   pretty much everybody agrees that they are both french and polish ... 
  except the actual people themselves , both of whom never adopted a french nationality or identity even remotely close to their polish one . 
  where did she grow up - the very basic thing that forms a person , who he is , what he knows , what he strives for etc. ? 
  she was a fully complete person , adult and scientist when she arrived in france , so she is the product of poland , of the polish nations , polish culture , polish society , her polish upbringing , polish parents , family and friends , polish surroundings long , long before she set foot in france . 
  i am 26 years old - if i go to france right now and become a scientists i would be a bulgarian scientists , 100 % , wroking * in france * . 
  `` in france '' is the key here . 
  i would not be a french-bulgarian scientist , but a bulgarian one ... * in france * . 
  maria sk\u0142odowska was a 100 % polish scientists ... * in france * . 
  not a french or franco-polish scientists by any measure of a human possible . 
  she was 24 when she first set foot in france for christ 's sake , a grown adult born and bred in poland , are you kidding me . 
  why is the army practicing political statements ? 
  this is a deeply racist statement which promotes white supremacy and denies poc and others who have suffered from colonialism access to the wealth which was stolen from them . 
  all people of africa and the mid east have a right to come to europe whenever they choose to because the wealth in europe is the direct result of colonialism and centuries of theft , ergo by putting up borders and preventing mass migration you deny the rightful owners to share in the wealth that ought to belong to them . 
  sometimes the line between the two is blurry . 
  for example , i would only end up losing few men in the battle , but because some of the units got routed or others ended with a wavering morale , the ai classifies the battle as a `` close victory '' , rather than a decisive one . 
  activision should remedy that . 
  and you have a primitive understanding of religion and culture if you parrot the simplistic , `` millenial atheist '' idea of it being nothing but `` a tool to control the masses '' . 
  there is much more to intrinsic , tribal structures of communal loyalty and societal organisation than just `` tools to control the masses '' . 
  they are at the core of civilization building , hence why we refer to struggles like centuries long muslim-christian one as a `` clash of civilizations '' . 
  ... plus tens of thousands of local allies .
