  what i wrote, 
   can we protect pedestrians better please ?? 
  which makes it sound like they died because they were pedestrians , not because they were infidels in a country infected with certain types of people who will find a way to kill you regardless if you a pedestrian , a concert-goer , a passanger at an airport , a commuter at a metro station , a writer in a magazine office or else . 
  those are n't traffic accidents , you know that right ? 
  europe does n't have a problem with its infrastructure , it has with its immigration policy towards a * certain * group of countries around the world . 
  they will turn or become a balkanized shithole of islamic communities vying for power with a dwindling native population . 
  [ there is and can be no comparison ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k12teooksqm ) between the mismanagement of short-termed , temporary leasers of a property and long-term owners . 
  you have n't read the basics of abrahamic religions - the book of genesis . 
  humans have free will precisely because they left the shelter of eden , where no such diseases existed , to have a world of their own , where they will suffer , they will take responsibility , they will act independently - outside of god managing them or their world . 
  god put people in eden , where no such hardships existed . 
  earth is * meant * to be a punishment that determines people 's moral choices . 
  an irrelevant remark as i never were against social inclusivity and mobility . 
  in fact , i believe the tyranny of the mob at the moment prevents that far more than it would be inside an old monarchy . 
  [ this short video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k12teooksqm ) talks of this quite well . 
  according to abrahamic religions there are no such thing in paradise . 
  but also no free will of humans to act as they please and change the world around them . 
  here we have free will and ability to act as we please because there is no god to manage the place , but also suffering and hardship , precisely because there is no god around to manage the place . 
  so is god in these religions malevolent because he allows people to suffer , yet would also be malevolent if he took away their freedom in order to prevent it ? 
  a kind of a no win solution . 
  when ho chi minh was asked by a french journalist what he believes the legacy of the french revolution was he answered `` i think it is too early to tell '' . 
  i answer you the same way about the legacy of representative democracy . 
  in my view we unleashed a force of destruction and social degradation . 
  of ever increasing debt under the mismanagement of governments who will never put any long-term planning as long as they have short-term mandates . 
  if we 're turning this into a theological debate all of a sudden ( on this post of all ) , the argument is flawed as it is based on the premise of a god who directly manages our world . 
  few religions ( if any ) , are based on that premise . 
  not the idea of a god who has given people free will and allowed them to act freely in this world , so their actions can be a pure representation of who they are , not the puppeteering of a god . 
  there 's nothing malevolent in giving people free will . 
  they introduced something much worse - the age of de-monarchisation of the western world and the eventual infection of representative , republican democracy and universal suffrage we suffer from today . 
  that 's one of the most ridiculous parts of the revolution when you read about it , the cult . 
  apart from the whole `` let 's destroy our society forever '' kinda thing . 
  there was , one which the prince of greece went to belgrade to ratify immediately after the first balkan war with the specific purpose of defence against bulgaria , which was robbed of vardar macedonia by the serbs after the great powers denied them albania . 
  had the greeks not helped the serbs out the latter would 've been very quickly crushed by the bulgarian army before romania and the ottos decided to enter the war , and greece would n't have the macedonia issue it has today . 
  contrary to the `` millennial atheist on 9gag '' understanding of history , the catholic church was actually a sanctuary for homosexuals for hundreds of years , as such would join its clergy en mass to escape the strong , and often lethal , social ostracism and exclusion they faced within regular society . 
  the church knew very well many of its priests and monks were such homosexuals and did n't shun them , but accept them , creating a kind of passive tolerance , `` do n't ask do n't tell '' policy . 
  `` demanding people stop being selfish is selfish !!! '', 
  this is the reality in the west . 
  argue it if you can or do n't bother me . 
  the swiss and austrians absolutely are germans - germanic people from the germanic linguistic group . 
  they are n't * deutsche * - which is one single nation within the germanic group , and the latest to form . 
  they ca n't not be `` anymore '' deutche because they never were such to begin with . 
  the english and most languages create a confusion between germans - the linguistic group and germans - the nation that formed in the 18th century and calls itself deutche . 
  i was about to say this is the actual motto of the bulgarian revolutionairy organisation before the liberation and the irregular volunteers during the war of 1878 . 
  these people are pure bulgarians parading as `` ancient macedons '' . 
  you could 've avoided that if you had sided with bulgaria in 1913 when serbia stole that region against its initial agreement with sofia . 
  instead the second balkan war cemented vardar macedonia to belgrade who later created the `` macedonism '' identity in order to de-bulgarise the population there . 
   founded by wojciech tabor  bishop eustachy wo\u0142\u0142owicz  bishop of samogitia jerzy tyszkiewicz did someone say wiln ... 
  the point still stands such a subreddit or generally such attitude towards communism gets not even a fraction of the hate , ostracisim and in many cases censorship that doing the exact same thing with nazism , hitler and the third reich does . 
  a sub , blog or page that uses as its `` catchphrase '' `` the jews deserved it '' with a hitler image as a like button , or `` hitler did nothing wrong '' is immediately branded as a hateful gathering of nazis the way stormfront or / pol / are , not as a `` harmless , fun meme-generator '' like you try to present r/fullcommunism . 
  it is an undeniable fact that in the us and the west in general soviet apologetics or straight propaganda is treated extremely leniently , sometimes outright accepted , compared to nazi such . 
  which would n't really be such a disgusting hypocrisy if those same societies did n't constantly claim a moral highground , the championing of `` democracy and human rights '' , liberalism etc. 
  to do that but then be extremely lenient towards 20th century biggest mass-murderers whilst you highly condemn the second-biggest is pure ideological hypocrisy and reddit embodies that fully . 
  that went over your head it seems . 
  not what i asked . 
  you seem to lack the ability to express why it is `` evil '' . 
  why do you believe europe would be better off without the creation of the alliance ? 
  why ? 
  it 's absolutely stupid to post this now , but equally stupid to imply that just because russia suffered a terrorist attack it has somehow stopped being the enemy of europe . 
  it 's a crime-ring running a nuclear country like a mafia state , using jingoism , expansionism and direct corruption of foreign governments . 
  it actively seeks the dissolution of nato and the eu . 
  it absolutely * is * our enemy , no matter how many attacks happen there . 
  actually if you refer to the ones we got here in sofia for the city center and blvd bulgaria , [ they are polish ] ( http://www.railwaypro.com/wp/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/sofia-pesa.jpg ) . 
  you are ignorant of the huge role gas plays in industry and how indispensable it is to multiple types of factories . 
  you like industrial society ? 
  sounds like anarchy is impossible and always , under every circumstance , naturally evolves into some form of statehood . 
  back to r/fullcommunism . 
  i hope more follow this guy 's example . 
  i studied history and politics at coventry in the uk and then ma at ku leuven in belgium , pretty much all my professors were openly marxists , i will never forget my very first lecture at coventry with a guy called jacques gallagher arguing that all inheritance should be automatically nationalized by the state and redistributed , or that the french revolution killed * only * 40,000 people , they should 've guillotined far more . 
  such stories are rife and i ca n't see how it is a conspiracy that the academia in the west leans very , very heavily towards marxism , at least in the humanities . 
  that there are few marxist economists , especially serious ones , is actually quite logical . 
  there 's few `` flat-earth '' astronomers too . 
  no my friend , those guys are the mild , moderate marxists - go to r/fullcommunism , where `` the kulaks deserved it '' , `` stalin did nothing wrong '' and `` go to gulag '' are popular , `` funny '' memes . 
  now try to make a subreddit called r/fullnazism with hitler 's image as an upvote and `` the jews deserved it '' as a funny catchphrase . 
  see what happens . 
  the west is infiltrated with marxists from its academia and media to the point it demonstrates a disgusting tolerance of this sickness which it never would with similar ideologies . 
  someone seems ashamed of what the followers of his ideology did to dozens of countries and the destruction they wrecked again and again in each society they took power , eh ? 
  good , you should be . 
  he never claimed it is the same , calm yer tits and read the comment again . 
  i imagine it sucks to really want to refute someone but lack the arguments to do it . 
  sneering sarcasm will have to do for you . 
  the people that protest in poland , hungary and other ee countries against mass migration or refugees coming to them are obviously not the same people who have migrated from those countries , are they ? 
  or are you talking of schroedinger 's eastern european , who is simultaneously living back at home protesting against migrants * and * living in the west being a migrant himself ? 
  the vast , vast majority of eastern europeans are not migrants and have never been . 
  they live in their states and do n't want the pointless and toxic `` diversity '' of africanisation and islamisation the west endures . 
  they do n't have to take responsibility for any of their fellow compatriots who have chosen to move abroad . 
  if i stay home i am not responsible for those of my compatriots who have chosen to immigrate and hence would make me `` hypocritical '' to be against migrants myself . 
  unless an eastern european is an immigrant himself ( the vast majority are n't ) , he is n't being hypocritical if he opposes migration . 
  people are not resource to be moved or slaves who take no responsibility but that which their `` master '' gets . 
  these people were not forced to move , they were not salves of the turkish government . 
  that said government enticed them to move to germany for the reasons you listed , but it was ultimately their choice to do so - a choice the vast , vast majority of their fellow turks did n't make . 
  so as the choice to move was theirs , so too was the responsibility to integrate and eventually assimilate once they made the decision to permanently settle there rather than go back home . 
  choices render responsibility onto those making them . 
  these people made the * choice * to move away from turkey , which most of their compatriots did n't . 
  these people made the * choice * to permanently settle rarther than go back . 
  these people made the * choice * not to assimilate , learn the language , mix with the local community rather than stick to their own . 
  so the consuequence of them making these * choices * is that they now carry the * responsibility * . 
  * choices * =  * responsibility * . 
  that 's how it works . 
  these were not slaves of their government forced to move and then settled there for them to have had no choice , and hence no responsibility later , so do n't present it in this disingenuous manner . 
  how is the above comment at all relevant ? 
  care to be a tad bit more direct and precise in what you are trying to say ?
