  especially considering those who are left are primarily grannies voting for the communists , minorities voting for dps or populist idiots following boyko . 
  eastern europe should be the most pro-limiting all kinds of migration if it cared for its future . 
  there 's no greater disaster to hit us than losing ~ 25 % of our population to emigration after the collapse of communism . 
  stop letting us in already !, 
  you seem to base your entire knowledge on anecdotal evidence and no actual knowledge on the operation of these countries :  with all the faults that it had the economy operated for no , the economy did n't operate at all , that 's what i 'm trying to tell you : bulgaria 's entire planned economy was subsidized by the ussr and western loans , none of it brought a profit apart from the agricultural and tourist sectors , hence why the country went entirely bankrup 3 times - in 1960 , 1978 and 1987 . 
  each time this happened the country would be propped up by the ussr because it needed it as a satellite and by loans from western countries , all the while the propaganda here lied to the people how failing the western countries were and prosperous ours . 
  whilst they were taking loans to literary survive the economy . 
  the 4th time it happened - in 1989 there was no one to prop up the country this time because the ussr itself collapsed and so everything shut down - all factories , all enterprise , everything that was paying people 's sallaries . 
  you call that a failure of capitalism or of planned economy ? 
  you say planned economy just `` ended '' :  that ended no , it collapsed 4 times due to operating at a constant loss and as a totalitarian prison for its people . 
  capitalism did n't `` break into '' bulgaria like a foreign force , it had to come back because without privatising the economy there simply was no one who would pay for all the failing industries of an economy ran incomeptently . 
  in 1944 bulgaria had a gold reserve of 25 tonnes and was an international creditor . 
  ( albeit small ) after 45 years of planned economy the entire gold resrve had been transferred to the ussr and the country was in a massive debt ... to the same western economies it had been liyng to its people were `` rotting , failing and about to collapse any minute '' . 
  furthermore , it was an increadibly repressed country where people my mother went to school with were arrested and their teeth beaten out of their mouths for as little as a joke about zhivkov . 
  about 1 million people fled the country immediately after opening the borders - an exodus people make from a state their despise , fear and loath , not the nice and cosy post-card tourist destination western communists were shown so they can go back to their countries and tell the lies of how great it is behind the iron courtain . 
  i would suggest you read up on the economic reality of what you talk about . 
  then come here and see the disgusting , siberian-looking monstrosities they filled our cities with without asking anyone , forever making this country look disgusting . 
  then talk to people whose families were beaten like dogs for saying something about marx or lenin , whilst you spoiled westerners could freely travel the world , even come here , and then spread the lies back home of that same regime that kicked us in the mouth for speaking up , kept us behind a prison wall and bankrupted us 4 times . 
  well i went into the game to try and answer you but it turns out i have changed my succession in all titles to primogeniture , and because i play ironman i ca n't revert . 
  socialism did n't `` end '' - it bankrupted the country 3 times and then the 4th time it did there was no one to finanse it again as the ussr did before , so the entire economy collapsed in on itself - all state enterprises closed , all factories , every fucking thing . 
  people would literary starve to death if they did n't leave the country , so they did - 25 % of the entire population . 
  since planned economy prohibited private enterprise of any sorts everything was government-owned , so if the government went bankrupt and this time no one bailed it out - there was literary no source of income left for anyone . 
  that 's the complete idiocracy and disaster that a marxist planned economy is and why half of europe was devastated after half a century of this regime . 
  any junta that did n't impose this disastrous experiment , including the greek one , would be a million times better fate as it would n't lead to the entire country and every faucet of income collapsing at the same time as it did . 
  destroying private enterprise is the most idiotic economic idea since the beginning of time and experimenting with this idea in eastern europe caused it to suffer more than any war or plague had in the past . 
  only privileged , spoiled western `` communists '' who never suffered this can defend these regimes or claim they were in any way shape or form better than the capitalist juntas like in greece , spain or chile . 
  give up . 
  pure frenchment at that point . 
  what ? 
  are you coming up with some random thing nigel said for no reason ? 
  why are you telling me this , i commented on something completely different he also said . 
   and he is n't going to source ? 
  it is n't if you have two empire titles , the smaller being primary and control the elector titles in it . 
  most vassals fall under the larger one and get no opinion penalty . 
  i currently have restored persia as a zoroastrian empire , control everything from india to lybia and from aral sea to axum , but my primary title is empire of dihistan , which is de jure only for afghanistan/samarkand , where i controll most elector titles . 
  only the remaining 2-3 dukes there get penalty . 
  the other ~ 25-26 dukes in my empire are de jure under the other empire title ( persia ) and get neither a vote in the election nor penalty . 
  i ' v also made them all viceroyalties , so they all have large opinion bonus from the fact i ' v given each of them the title of duke after the previous one died and it reverted back to me . 
  it 's r/europe . 
  go elective and control 2/3 or 3/5 elector duchy titles . 
  you 'll always choose whoever you like . 
  charles has the right to abdicate the crown to william . 
  there are precedents . 
  good thing they got rid of them pesky poles with brexit . 
  glorious leader farage said he prefers pakistanis and indians to eastern euros , good times to come for sure ... 
  you go to the gypo sub . 
  just ^ kiddin ^ calm ^ down, 
  looks proper classy , european , old world vibe . 
  definitely what the olympics need after a few ... eehh ... `` developing world '' choices . 
  fair enough . 
  we are arguing petty semantics in that case . 
  i 'd love to have the time to go through his book once more and find that exact quote for a reddit debate . 
  i do n't . 
  you have to take it at face value that he did use that definition , as did the other 2 authors i clearly remember doing that . 
  or you could stop caring what exact words authors used and read on the full extent of nazi-soviet cooperation between 1939-1941 , then read the definition of various forms of geo-political alliances , and decide for yourself if it qualifies . 
  i believe it does . 
  ok . do n't think with your head or analyze facts then . 
  also , you ' v not read enough historians then . 
  you can find this from the works of norman davies , through adam zamoyski , to john keegan . 
  i especially recommend davis ' `` europe at war '' - i wrote my history thesis on barbarossa using it , and scored pretty well even despite coventry uni and its history departament being highly communist-leaning . 
  it was the main reason the nazis conquered europe in the first place . 
  hitler did n't dare invade poland without the soviets , risking a war on two fronts before the wehrmacht was expanded , as he told mannerheim in 1943 . 
  the only reason hitler got out of hand and was n't crushed in 1939 was because he split eastern europe with stalin . 
  and do tell me how stalin invading finland , the estonia , lithuania , latvia , poland , bukovina and bessarabia is `` moral highground '' over hitler invading france or denmark ? 
  all of what you describe is the disparity built precisely during the cold war and the communist collapse of the 90s . 
  in 1944 bulgaria and greece had equal population and economies . 
  [ by 1991 one had grown many times , the other had n't . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mciqbki.jpg ) then , poor communist bulgaria collapsed even further . 
  you tell me , please , that it magically was n't due to the systems they had in the previous 5 decades . 
  communism caused 2 million people to flee bulgaria in the past 20 years , unlike * any * such catastrophe for the greek population ever , but you still try to nulify the obvious effects of communism in bulgaria ? 
  you are obviously ideologically charged and as such you try to make planned and free market economies sound the same . 
  they are n't . 
  one - market economy , causes poverty and collapse * sometimes * , but prosperity in most cases . 
  the other , communism , causes poverty and collapse * always * , and long-lasting prosperity never . 
  greece was increadibly lucky to avoid the complete destruction communism wrecked on eastern europe . 
  nothing that happened to it comes even close . 
  period . 
  not officially . 
  every single function of their relationship , mutual cooperation and support for their respective invasions , including an outright blockade of supply to finland to aid the soviet invasion , is an alliance * in practice * . 
  alone , trade does n't . 
  in the context of all else i wrote , it is a considerable part of their alliance . 
  sure mate , ignore everything else i ' v written , divert , divert , divert . 
  you do n't seem to grasp the minute difference between having a shoddy capitalist system that causes problems and inequalities ... and having the very fabric of society uprooted and a disastrous experiment imposed for half a century which ends up with a 25 % decrease in the population of a country in just 20 years , and counting . 
  bulgaria and greece were economically and demographically on par in 1944 . 
  greece had a shoddy capitalist system = 3 million people more and 4 times the economy of bulgaria today . 
  do n't dare complain , you got a magnificent deal compared to the rest of the balkans . 
  the best one of all the countries in the region , in fact . 
  rate immigration according to source country - give muslim ones the lowest score so only the absolute best , like scientists , can come . 
  give societies closer to europe a higher score , so places like ukraine or brazil can get visas and citizenships much easier than places like pakistan or egypt . 
  oh i love the still shot of the video before you press it . 
   there is a difference between collusion and cooperation , both nations could have invaded poland on their own , dividing the land was just part of the terms of a non-aggression pact , each hated the other 's guts and they both knew it , there was no room for cooperation the cooperation between the ussr and the third reich is a fact measurable by the millions of tons of wheat , oil , coal and other essential resources the ussr sent to the third reich after molotov-ribentrop to support their war machine 's advance in europe . 
  all kremlin-backed political parties , organisations and newspapers in europe blasted pro-german propaganda between 1939 and 1941 . 
  the communist party here in bulgaria for example praised the german occupation of france in 1940 , as instructed by the kremlin . 
  even more so - it was the local kremlin-backed communists who supported bulgaria 's alliance with hitler due to the official pro-german line of the kremlin at the time . 
  same thing was going on across all of europe - marxists and nazis were temporary ideological allies against the `` decadent capitalist democracies '' , whilst their representing two powers rolled their tanks into them and held joint parades . 
  from the other side - german military advisors were sent to the ussr and germany blocked the supplies to finland during the soviet invasion of it in order to support stalin . 
  they held [ a joint parade in the middle of poland to celebrate their mutual invasion of it . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german%e2%80%93soviet_military_parade_in_brest-litovsk ) does none of this sound like full-on cooperation between two powers to divide a continent before inevitably grab each-other 's throats , or are you just politically biased and there 's no sense in me giving these facts ? 
  the destruction of the free-market economy in bulgaria and its complete replacement with a planned one for half a century has fundamental fallout effects that will not be mended for a century to come and have already resulted in 2 million people loss - something akin to a genocide . 
  ( bg 25 years ago used to be 9m , now almost below 7 ) so yes - any kind of junta , dictator or regime that would come and not implement those deep changes would be far better than what happened here .
