  simple , efficient , working . 
  if you want to go help the rest of the world and take care of people - i admire you . 
  please go do it . 
  do not demand the rest of europe or other countries do it by opening their borders to ~ 6.5 billion people . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  eastern europe is very , very different . 
  bohemia has historically been one of the richest parts of the continent and in 1939 definitely * was * as developped as the richest parts of europe . 
  no reason why this would n't continue and czechia today be as rich as austria or west germany . 
  poland would be poorer , on a south france/northern england level . 
  romania and bulgaria would be on the greece/portugal level . 
  instead , thanks to the red army and marxism the entirety of eastern europe is below or barely on the level of the poorest non-communist states like greece and portugal , with romania , bulgaria , ukraine and russia much , much poorer per capita . 
  what is worse , they missed the opportunity of post-war europe when growth was huge and no comeptition from the other continents allowed the free market societies to monopolize entire world markets and reach economic miracle levels . 
  the devastating effect of lenin 's legacy in europe is quite visible . 
  eastern european nations under communism are much poorer today than other eastern european nations who avoided it . 
  bulgaria and romania had the exact same gdp per capita , literacy and development as greece in 1939 . 
  today they are 4 times poorer than greece even after the massive crisis there . 
  eastern germany is ruined compared to western - and it actually was better off historically before 1939 . 
  bohemia was one of the richest parts of europe , much richer than ireland , spain or greece , yet poorer after communism . 
  compare south and north korea , estonia and finland , eastern and western germany , bulgaria and greece etc. 
  - wherever communism touches places that were relatively equal become vastly different , with the communist ones much poorer . 
  so yes , [ it absolutely is the fault of communism and moscow for the devastation in eastern europe ] ( https://s30.postimg.org/96od56b01/1660711_10209118438827848_8887755968067137605_n.jpg ), 
  you seem to have a form of paternalistic , eurocentric attitude , probably deriving from the racist `` white man 's burden '' type of mentality back in the 19th century . 
  other nations and peoples around the world are n't your responsibility or under any kind of need for you to take care of them . 
  a border exists . 
  the people who enforce that border have no responsibility towards anyone but the people who hire them to do so . 
  their job is to enforce the border . 
  their job is n't to be a humanitarian organisation . 
  their job is n't to become a charity for anyone who breaks that border . 
  their job is n't to decide the futures and wellbeing of those people . 
  a border exists . 
  a border is to be enforced . 
  if people are willingly deciding to try and break that border they ca n't be angry that they are returned from where they made the attempt . 
  actually i 'm pretty sure this will aaaall be over by christmass . 
  i hear he also understands german pretty well . 
  that is correct . 
  it 's also the place where most migrants in the med come from , hence should be returned there by our border force . 
  i do n't understand this reply - no lybia is not a fantastic place to visit , how does that correlate with returning people who are trying to illegally enter europe to lybia ? 
  it is n't of our concern how `` fantastic '' or not lybia is , it is of our concern to enforce our borders and decide who we want to come in , for which there is a legal process . 
  are you implying anyone living in a place that is bad has automatically the right to come to europe ? 
  what i described to you are people in this country who quite literary die every winter of cold or/and starvation . 
  i am not exaggerating , just a couple of days ago i read another article of a couple , ~ 70 year old people , living in a village , in a big house with no heating since they receive each 75 euro pensions a month , enough for very , very little food ( 1 meal a day ) and some life-saving medication . 
  nothing more . 
  so they live in cold when it gets minus 10 degrees here , eat once a day and do n't move from their beds . 
  they literary withered away and died - first the woman and exactly one day later the man . 
  such stories are not uncommon . 
  the extreme poverty level in some balkan and eastern european countries quite literary kills people , and yet those same people are considered much wealthier due to nominal calculations from people in the third world who do not die of poverty as they have at least heir basic needs - shelter and food , always satisfied . 
  unliked the `` much wealthier '' poor in eastern europe . 
  sorry , but if someone dies from lack of heating and food , whilst another person has these necessities satisfied , then the former has worse quality of life than the latter regardless of nominal calculation of their earnings . 
  those two pensioners were probably in the `` top 30 % '' of the world with their 75 euro a month pensions , and yet it was n't enough for them to eat more than once a day . 
  someone in the bottom 30 % on the other hand eats 3 times a day and lives longer - so he had a better quality of life regardless of nominal value . 
  this is a very subjective comparisson as it merely does a nominal comparisson rather than the purchasing power or standart of life . 
  in our poorest region people get around 300 euro a month net . 
  yes , this does put them in the top 20 % and much above the average person in ghana , but only in nominal terms , not in quality of life . 
  someone in ghana might need many decades to earn as much as this annual income , but with what he earns as a poor farmer he has a home , clothers , regular food and something on the side . 
  in the meantime , the `` much richer '' bulgarian cleaning lady who lives in our poorest region and earns 300 euro a month can not afford heating bills , eats only the cheapest food she prepares at home , has n't had new clothes in years and is lucky if she owns her home , because if she does n't - she 'd either be living with relatives , in a social home ( state-privided ) , or be homeless . 
  so basically a poor person in a developed economy in eastern europe might in fact live much worse than a poor person in an agricultural society , despite his nominal wealth being much larger . 
  it just does n't buy you anything in your country is the problem . 
  the entirety of eastern europe begs to differe . 
  the poorest countries have the lowest birth rates , and within those poor countries - the poorest regions have the lowest , as here in bulgaria the north-west is both the poorest region ( africa-level poor ) and the one with the lowest fertility rates . 
  culture determines birth rates , especially female participation . 
  some parts of ukraine and moldova with 1.4-1 .5 fertility rates are as poor as places in africa and asia with upwards of 3-4 fertility rate . 
  you are very much right that homophobes who harm others are horrible people . 
  like all people who harm others . 
  you are not right to call `` uncivilized '' anyone who has a distate for homosexuality or has n't fully embraced it as a social norm like the romans and greeks , thus equating `` civilization '' and `` full acceptance of all sexual deviations '' . 
  especially not in the context of greeks and romans , who also were accepting towards incest and paedophilia , so i fail to see how their sexual norms equals `` being civilized '' that we should emulate . 
  on one hand , homophobes - leave people alone . 
  on the other , homo-progressives stop equating championing sexual deviations of all sorts with `` being civilized '' . 
  it 's neither civilized nor uncivilized . 
  it 's a preferrence . 
  and if one has a different - one of distaste or disliking of such , he is n't `` less civilized '' from you . 
  ( unless he is being violent about it ), 
  you do n't objectively consider the middle east and africa to have a considerably larger percentage of prevailing attitudes and norms that are very , very backwards , or rather - regressive ? 
  above 90 % of women suffering genital mutilation in egypt for example does n't seem to you as a reason to call the people there more backwards than , say , people in belgium ? 
  well i did say assimilation and by definition that means shedding any past notion of foreign culture/identity and adopting fully into that of the country you live in . 
  names are perhaps the first and strongest emblem of which culture/identity you belong to , so naturally one ca n't assimilate if he does n't change or give his children local names . 
  at least not in `` ethnic-based nations '' like those in europe or east asia . 
  based on what criteria would people still see you as different if you go to holland and fully assimilate by adopting ( or giving your children ) a dutch name , becoming either christian or atheist/agnostic and celebrating the dutch identity and traditions ? 
  people have been doing that across various nations and ethnic groups in europe for centuries with no trouble . 
  french hugenouts in england who are indistinguishable englishmen today ( like farage ) , germans in poland , italians in spain etc. 
  but not assimilate into dutch . 
  not if you ' r muslims , simple as that . 
  come to bulgaria : same as the above described in quality , but cheaper than medditeranean or caribbean destinations whilst being safer than turkey or egypt . 
  they expanded in : podolia ( very briefly ) and hungary that 's it for europe outside of the balkans . 
  they waged wars with poland , a smaller country for 100 years and could n't expand substantially . 
  they waged wars with austria - a much smaller country , for 200 years and could n't expand at all . 
  they waged wars with russia - a comparable , but much poorer country , and were beaten back every time . 
  so , yes , the ottomans had very , very limited success against european powers outside of the almost depopulated balkans , and were much more often beaten by them then won . 
  even tiny maritime states like venice and the order of st. john posed considerable difficulties for the porte . 
   it is obvious that private healthcare does n't prevent obesity . 
  nor is it meant to do it . 
  healthcare is there to treat ilnesses , prevention is a personal choice of lifestyle , diet , excersice . 
  it has nothing to do wth healthcare nor should it . 
  you might as well show statistics that the fattest people in the us live in the hottest areas and say it 's obvious that `` hotter temperatures do n't prevent obesity '' . 
  as i already wrote , how fat you become is your own personal choice - it depends neither on the healthcare plan you have , nor is it up to the government to take care of your condition . 
  but if you ruin your health willingly and have public healthcare - who pays for your mistakes ? 
  just you ? 
  or the others as well . 
  i do n't want to pay for other people 's choices , so why do you ? 
   and fairness is a matter off opinion . 
  is it fair for persons with chronic diseases to have to pay a lot of money because of it ?
