  will destroy its chemical weapons if told . 
  will even given the kurds autonomy if told . 
  sorry , but i have no trust in assad , dependent on russia , as much as i do in a regime that is a puppet of the west , and dependent on it just as much . 
  either your memory or your knowledge betrays you - they took up arms only after assad started murdering people on numerous entirely peaceful protests . 
  if you would n't take up arms if your country 's regime answered peaceful protests with mass murder , i feel truly sorry for you . 
  not to redraw them , but it is in our interest to support sustainable long term peace , only achievable as it was in europe - the creation of nation states . 
  we are talking about syria so i clearly mean the ypg . 
  1 i wrote whose fault a war for kurdistan would be , those who deny the right of the kurds , not if i would support a war or not . 
  2 what we should stop doing is support dictators and instead support the redrawing of the borders on ethnic and religious lines , rather arbitrary colonial ones . 
  all conflicts and dictators there are the result of states being intentionally diverse colonial creations , rather than ethnic nation-states . 
  well now , if you `` see the borders just fine '' , why bother ? 
  fuck those millions of kurds without a state of their own , u/edwardrec has spoken . 
  so `` stability '' is peaceful protesters being bombed and aleppo burned to the ground ? 
  assad family regime legitimate ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  kurdistan has all the right in the world to exist . 
  fighting a war for that would only be the blame of those who deny the largest stateless nation a country of its own . 
  provide all support possible to the kurds - funding , weapons , heavy weapons , ammunition , training , intelligence and direct air support . 
  they are more than capable and motivated to take care of isis if given the means to . 
  conflicts in the mid-east can only be resolved sustainably by people there , never has a direct , on the ground intervention by a non mid-east power resulted in anything but long-term damage and more conflicts . 
  you can be certain this russian intervention will breed a whole bunch of fallout and future conflicts as well , mark my words and see in a few years tops , it 's always been the case . 
   i do n't see this as winning much : for state budgets the net effect might be a slight net positive , but for our people i do n't believe it is . 
  even without arguing the other points , which are quite overblown , this alone is where you win . 
  the more workers , tax-payers and consumers from e. europe and s. europe fill your state budgets , allowing you to have better infastructure that benefits all , better hospitals , benefits , police and all other things taking care for the people and not the corporations . 
  meanwhile , deprived of young workforce and consumers , but with ever increasing old people , eastern states are starved of taxes and barely making pension , healthcare , social , infastructural and other payments . 
  contrary to the popularity of azis from bulgaria and his homo-erotic over the top videos , [ this video is bordering the surreal with the insane ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nnsrdkkm5my ) . 
  on the contrary , intra-eu migration has benefited western europe immensely , and hurt eastern just as much . 
  it 's a brain drain and a drain on the young work-force of eastern countries , which helps the economies of the west . 
  the vast vast majority of the migrants from the east work or study there , rather than mooch off the system , and thus help those countries and their people whilst depriving their own . 
  this is precisely why structural funds towards eastern europe exist - they are a compensation for the loss eastern europe experiences by participating in the common market and labour movement in both people and capital . 
  it 's the payment they get from western states for their huge corporations setting up monopolies in eastern states and destroying local competiton thanks to the common market , and for the free movement depriving eastern states of their young and most educated people . 
  yeah i got the smolensk reference , i just did n't get what 's that to do with me or my comment . 
  i was not talking restricting it on direct national basis , but on other grounds , that can apply to their own citizens too . 
  like having worked and paid taxes in britain for a said amount of time , which makes total sense and the eu ca n't tell the uk to pay to people who have n't paid a single penny into the treasury . 
  or it could be based on people who ' v looked for work this x ammount of time with no success and can proove it ( registered in labour burreau for example ) . 
  taking care of own citizens first = xenophobia . 
  ah the wonders of the liberal mind . 
  not a single instance ever of a country in western europe where the wellfare recepients were not in their vast majority people born in the country or where southern/eastern immigrants were given wellfare , housing or job priority . 
  countries in e. europe were multicultural in a very different way - they often encompassed minorities of neighbouring nations , not of people from central africa or asia . 
  those minorites were usually very close to the majority in language , culture , traditions or religion . 
  * 1 the multiculturalism of western europe today is completely different - people with fundamentally different aspects of all of the above and often incompatible views on society , human rights and individual freedom are forming the minorities and closed communities . 
  this is what eastern europe is protecting itself from - this particular form of diversity , rather than the historical and organically developped diversity of eastern europe you were referring to . 
  * 1 even when they were n't , in the case of jews or gypsies those communities had lived there for centuries . 
  in those cases , however , we saw it never truly worked out and they were ( jews ) or still are ( gypsies ) never fully integrated, 
  whom you give benefits to is entirely your own decision , brussels is n't forcing you to give anyone anything , just not restrict movement . 
  it 's your fault if you ca n't put restrictions on benefits . 
  putin ? 
  polish remover ? 
  airplane crash ? 
  am i supposed to relate to any of that ? 
  till our next war bratko . 
  you can have all of macedonia now that you ' v ruined the bulgarians there to think they are the god-chosen ancient people of alexander and achilles reborn . 
  precisely . 
  guys is obviously an anime/samurai/whatever other stupid jap obsession fan . 
  the kind that would argue there 's no better sword than the katana , no more honourable warrior than the samurai and no braver army than the japanese imperial one . 
  seen my share of those . 
  not bulgaria or albania ? 
  christ , i 'm surprised !, 
  the indian people generally are , as most in that part of the world , but the establishment that makes the decisions certainly is n't and keeps a strong neutrality . 
  same as pakistan being a very close ally of the us as a state , but with one of the most anti-us populations in the world ( even more so than the russians ) . 
  people and establishments rarely have the same attitude , do n't equate them . 
  they hate our guts . 
  65 years of hard brainwashing by the yugos and their political descendands has made them believe all world history is theirs , just stolen . 
  they are the ancient nation of alexander that conqured the known world , all balkan people are just jealous of their glorious history and we are `` tatars '' ( a mongol tribe that is first known in the 13th century , 600 years after bulgaria was created ) . 
  they would n't spit on us if we were on fire . 
  yet for some strange reason the bulgarians massively consider them our `` brothers '' from western bulgaria . 
  like a bit dumb relative you know has something wrong with his head but you still consider him your blood . 
  metropolis *, 
  come again ? 
  your country has far more murders per capita and police violence , specifically towards minorities , than countries in eastern europe . 
  the largest prison population and a substantial percentage of society being hillbilly 's not believing in evolution . 
  there 's zero science vs. religion debate here or people opposing abortions or sicence teaching . 
  despite the gypsies in e.europe being in similar position to blacks in the us no one kills them as much as police do blacks in the us . 
  you sure we are the brutish ones to grow up ? 
  theirs lasted far longer than yours . 
  so def quality over quantity ( size ) . 
  the thing about democracy is you ca n't choose whichever prevailing social attitudes you like and demand they be listened to because it 's the democratic way , but then tell the ones you do n't to `` fuck off to siberia '' . 
  the eu 's primary role is that of preserving democracy in europe , not a political one to impose certain social ideologies on societies opposed to them . 
  it 's rather hypocritical how often people with liberal or left-wing views will cry to heaven that it is n't `` demoratic '' or `` the will of the people is n't respected '' when something they support is ignored by the politicians , but then when something they do n't support happens to be the will of the majority they just brush it off as `` fuck off to siberia '' . 
  make up your mind - either be fully political and tell people with views you do n't like to fuck off but then never cry something is n't `` democratic '' and use that card , or respect the majority 's views regardless if it sits with you or not . 
  so this turned from your attacks on bulgarian society as `` uncivilized '' to an interrogation of who i am ? 
  the fuck do you think you are ? 
  found out you ca n't talk about a society you know nothing about and now try and steer the conversation elsewhere . 
  typical . 
  i do n't run from questions like you though or avoid them , so here it is : 1 . 
  i am against sudden and swift demographic shifts . 
  be it from migration or something else - if an indigeneus population starts loosing control in its own country i am against it . 
  if migrants come in sustainable numbers , be it economic migrants , refugees , assylum seekers etc. 
  i have nothing against it . 
  each society can benefit from a small portion of migration and minorities . 
  when it becomes too much it begins to hurt and cause social conflict . 
  i never was or am an economic migrant . 
  i studied in the uk and in belgium , spent tens of thousands to do it , so i pretty much was the diametrical opposite of an economic migrant - i was bringing thousands of pounds/euros into the countries , rather than take , which is what an economic migrant does . 
  then i gave up economic opportunites ( i 'm a . net dev ) in both these countries and poland to come and work for much less in bulgaria after i spent two summers here and fell in love with the country . 
  not only have i never used benefits or government help from any foreign country , i ' v brought thousands into each country i went to and finally settled in one that needs people due to its demographic crisis , rather than has too much like in the west . 
  all of this is diametrically opposite to migrants with nothing , going to countries that already have too many , and taking for years on end money from those societies , rather than give in . 
  now , as i was kind enough to answer your pathetic ad hominems and attempts to derail the question do tell how the fuck do you know anything about a society you ' v never seen or experienced ? 
  the most religious parts of europe - poland , romania , ukraine , russia , greece etc. 
  have the lowest fertility rates . 
  in fact they have some of the lowest in the entire world , much lower than more atheistic societies like azerbayjan , albania , france , czech rep. , uk , holland .
