  then the communist regime was imposed by the red army and the entire nation robbed of its private property , property rights , entrepreneurial rights , travel rights , trade rights , even communication with the outside . 
  for 45 years this regime continued and all wealth in the country was national , in their hands , within state owned factories , trade groups , pension funds etc. 
  when the regime saw what was happening in the ussr and that the block was about to fall - they quickly stole all that money by `` selling '' it to themselves . 
  the same people who were controlling all money and property in the country , thus deciding what value it had for privatisation , sold entire factories to themselves for pennies . 
  then they looted what was privatised , sold all machines or land and became the billionaires . 
  so effectively the communists robbed bulgaria 2 times - once in 1944 when they imposed bolshevism and robbed all of the private property ( including my family of our family house ) , and then again in the 1990s when they looted the wealth now held in national accounts under the planned economy . 
  the result i explained already - a country with equal population and gdp as greece in 1939 is just a couple of generations later 4 times poorer , 40 % less populated and many times less developed infrastructurally or in any way , shape or form . 
  the pivotal difference between the two is the date 9th september 1944 when our country was occupied by the red army and the communist regime imposed , given free reign to rob the nation twice . 
  oh shit , savage . 
  yet you know he 's not wrong . 
  everything exhibited as turkofilia in bosnia is 100 % the same , and often stronger , in serbia towards russia . 
  they feel like the small brothers of the turks , you do of the small brothers of the russians . 
  they feel only turkey is their protector in an environment of hostile neighbours , you feel exactly the same with russia . 
  they act as a geo-political bootlicker of ankara , you do so of moscow . 
  they rigorously defend turkey from criticism and in arguments with people from other nationalities - serbs do that constantly with russia and more often when i criticise russia on the internet i will end up having serbs attack me than russians . 
  so the entire situation is kind of the pot calling the kettle black . 
  some suggest pushing the relations to the bottom are a way to smoothen an eventual drop of the sanctions as a `` necessary emergency measure to restart relations '' after they were purposefuly pushed to the bottom . 
  strange they did n't invite bulgaria . 
   is leftists an insult ? 
  of course . 
   poor bulgaria literaly . 
  we had , in fact , one of the more `` successful '' if that can ever be applied here socialist regimes and quite a high standard compared to the block . 
  yet this was followed by the most brutal robbery of the state by that very same regime in the 90s , where pretty much every single thing that was nailed and owned by the state was privatised immediately to a selected few red oligarchs for free and then looted for the quickest buck . 
  all the money from the pension funds gone . 
  all the money in the foreign trade bureau of the regime - gone . 
  all the people 's savings in the banks - gone . 
  just like that , an entire nation was robbed to the core and we had to build shit up from the ground , from almost nothing , for the past 20 years . 
  ( by 1997 most was already stolen ) furthermore , as a result of the massive theft our population shrunk apocaluptically from 9 million to 7 million with over 1.2 million people fleeing to the west . 
  today we are 4 times poorer than greece and with 40 % lower population despite in 1939 being as rich as them and with equal population - that 's what communist regimes did to this country , more than any war in our history ever has . 
  he is quite adamantly shitting on everything polish in his comment history despite being a pole himself , so there must be a sincere reasoning behind this . 
  i am intrigued what it is . 
  - islam is viewed popularly as a medieval , regressive , oppressive , violent , aggressive and kind of proto-fascist ideology that threatens people in europe not only physically ( terrorists ) but also socially should muslims become a significant demographic group . 
  europeans with liberal world-view who value individualism , human rights and personal freedoms above all see islam as a danger equal to nazism or bolshevism . 
  turks are the largest muslim nation on europe 's borders and the largest immigrant muslim group in countries like germany . 
  - erdogan is considered a tyrant and an aggressive islamist who threatens to turn turkey into a catalyst of all i described above . 
  - islam is viewed popularly as a medieval , regressive , oppressive , violent , aggressive and kind of proto-fascist ideology that threatens people in europe not only physically ( terrorists ) but also socially should muslims become a significant demographic group . 
  europeans with liberal world-view who value individualism , human rights and personal freedoms above all see islam as a danger equal to nazism or bolshevism . 
  turks are the largest muslim nation on europe 's borders and the largest immigrant muslim group in countries like germany . 
  - erdogan is considered a tyrant and an aggressive islamist who threatens to turn turkey into a catalyst of all i described above . 
  that 's a good advise , even if someone in the west actually says that in his presence he wo n't be able to understand him and get offended , unless he 's one of few poles fluent in turkish . 
  where does your hatred of poles come from ? 
  lol , do you not know which sub you are to even be surprised by that ? 
  now try and post some mildly positive accomplishment of the third reich , see how many upvotes and what kind of comments that gets you . 
  i 'm quite happy and reassured our turks are secular and lean pro-europe and anti-erdogan . 
  it reassures me we might not face a `` crimea/donbas '' kind of scenario should eu or nato fail in the future . 
  yes , pardon i meant them , confused the abbreviations . 
  hdp is the kurdish one and chp the leftists , right ? 
  there 's a laz race ? 
  unlike the left 's totally rational ideas such as `` the patriarchy '' , dialectical materialism , intersectionality , multiculturalism and more . 
  totally not a modern set of social superstitions and myths ... . 
  our turks voted overwhelmingly against erdogan in this referendum ( ~ 78 % no ) , as opposed to the turks around europe . 
  traditionally they vote for hdp , together with western turkey , because our turks are secular , european kind , not the east anatolian migrants that go to europe . 
  certainly our turks have no desire to be `` liberated '' by a regime they oppose . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  there are large numbers of arriving poles , moroccans , turks etc. 
  there ... but you wonder why people vote for the anti-immigration party and call them simply `` racists '' ? 
  could there possibly be a more obvious reason ? 
  am actually polish myself . 
  my grandfather 's entire family hails from macedonia from before ww2 and was thoroughly bulgarian . 
  same as a huge number of bulgarian artists , poets , politicians etc. 
  who openly proclaimed their bulgarian identity and worked , created or fought for bulgaria , from nikola vapcarov to gove delchev and many more . 
  of course the region had its regional independists like every other in europe , and those grew with each failed attempt of bulgaria to unify with it , but to proclaim `` all slavs in macedonia were non-bulgarian '' and some complete , fully realized macedonian nation , is to falsify history as much as claiming alexander and the ancient bs . 
  building monuments and claiming as `` macedonian '' historical serb , greek and bulgarian rulers and figures like tsar samuil or alexander is similarity disingenuous - how do you expect people to take your seriously if you do that ? 
  bulgaria . 
  my grandfather faced from the tiniest , most petty bullshit to serious impediments in his life . 
  from something as petty as being the only kid in elementary school who did n't receive a dessert or gift on new years ( instead of christmass , which was not celebrated ) and this done in front of the other kids as an example , to things like not being allowed to purchase an apartament or later a car , so instead these were bought on his wife 's name , my grandmother . 
  he was not allowed to leave the country as well , unlike the grandma who travelled a lot around the ussr on work . 
  ( chemical engineer , visited lots of plants there ) the secret services of the regime kept an eye on him and a dossier , which we found out about barely a decade ago when the archive of these was opened publicly . 
  yugoslavia is literary where the people started mass murdering each other on ethnic and religious lines the minute the regime fell apart , so it 's possibly the worst example to give of what you are trying . 
  my grandmother 's family had their house seized by the regime in 1944 , raised and an ugly block built in its place , which they filled with party functionaries who had earned the privileged of living in the capital . 
  my family was `` compensated '' by being given the right to buy a flat in said block , which they did using all of their savings . 
  6 people , my grandma and grandpa , her father and mother , and my mother and aunt , had to all live in said small apartament despite grandma being a chemical engineer and her husband an architect , the kind of people who in a free market society can easily afford not to live crammed . 
  my grandfather 's father was killed in 1944 as an officer of the royal guard of the tsar . 
  my grandpa was 9 at the time and spent his life in the regime as branded `` son of an enemy of the people '' , with severe restrictions and punishments . 
  since i talk of two groups of societies in my post - traditional , ethno-based ones , and such who have embraced post-racial , post-national multiculturalism as their goal , i fail to see how ee does n't all fit into the same , former category , unless you can point to one or more ee societies that have also embraced the post-modern idea of building a post-racial , diverse society like the western ones have . 
  there is no greater prevelence of racism in eastern europe than in most of the world outside those few western countries where the goal of establishing a post-racial , post-ethnic society has been embraced . 
  hence , nothing special or unique about racism in eastern europe . 
  you disagree with that ? 
  eastern european societies are as racist as any african , mid-eastern and certainly less so than the east-asian ones . 
  nothing strange about societies that have not decided to become post-racial and multicultural , like the western ones have . 
  and albeit racism towards individuals annoys me as a social phenomenon , i find it less of a price to pay than what follows when societies steer towards the radical post-modernims , post-racial , multicultural national nihilism of the west . 
  we are talking region-wise . 
  check out maps of the us showing that date to see it . 
  finally one good joke in this thread . 
  but making dark humour or shocking jokes is not a sign of being dumb . 
  if anything , such humour i have always found to come from witty and people of more intelligence and education , like carlin , hitchins , dawkins , sam harris , louis c k , bill nye , prince phillip etc. 
  i disagree with this statement . 
  the government in russia never even attempted to pass into free market economy , let alone a `` hardcore '' one . 
  a free market economy consists of as little government control in the economy ( hence free ) , and thus maximised competition between the actors . 
  russia 's government instead passed from a government controlled planned economy into government controlled market economy . 
  there was never a free market , never a free privatisation . 
  those within the government sold assets to themsleves and then continued to use their government ties or positions to enlarge their assets or take those of their rivals . 
  this is not a free market economy , it has nothing to do with it in fact . 
  this is still an economy controlled by a few people in the government , and continues to be so . 
  a free market economy , like those in europe for example , mean the ruling prime minsiter or president can do fuck all to take your business away or sell off state assets to his close friends . 
  merkel ca n't become a billionaire over night like putin did , because germany has a free market economy . 
  putin could , because russia never had that or tried to have it - it had a government controlled economy , which merely opened itself to the market in 1991 , but remained in the hands of those in power . 
  and it 's also one of the most prosperous and developped parts of germany . 
  `` the redneck '' regions everyone described and their original meaning - the us south , imply a backwards , poor region in the given country .
