  you seem to have no idea of finland 's history . 
  the hungarians came to europe 500 years before the turks , so do n't compare yourself to them . 
  they have a homogeneus country where they occupy no-ones land and have been there for 1200 years . 
  the turks in bulgaria are the product of an invasion and occupation . 
  most are just islamised bulgarians or greeks and have only been here for 200-500 years . 
  they are not to be associated with the hungarians , but much rather with the french in algeria or vietnam . 
  both these countries got rid of their french colonials after independence . 
  bulgaria was too tolerant to do it , but do n't think it means the land belongs to those turks or that they are anything more than a colonial remnant . 
  and private property/home ownership is tribalism on a minimal scale . 
  we segregate ourselves into families in separate homes with locked doors ( closed borders ) , instead of all living in a commune way together . 
  is that something you are against too ? 
  it 's the natural way for people to live on a small scale , just as nations are for a larger scale . 
  here 's an unpopular opinion - farmers are a negligable percentage of the population who receive a disproportionately huge ammount of public and eu money to produce something we have twice as much of than we need . 
  just so we can then throw half of it away or stuff our mouths untill we have arab/us-levels of obesity . 
  this needs to end . 
  you should also add that the us and canada in this cenario used to be a combined country less than 30 years ago because the us invaded and occupied canada , then drowned numerous uprisings in blood , then lost canada for a brief period of time before returning again 100 years ago to occupy it . 
  then it commited a genocide on 7 million canadians . 
  and only * after * all of this it lost it and is now invading it yet again . 
  in reality the us never once occupied canada , whilst the above is true for russia and ukraine . 
  so where exactly does the `` that 's how it works for the us . '', 
  comment fit into this ? 
  10/10 of bulgaria used to be bulgarian/christian before the ottomans invaded . 
  now 13 % are turkish . 
  that 's 13 % more than before the invasion , or 13 % too much . 
  you feel entitled to lands you occupied and stole from people who lived there centuries before you stopped living in yurts in central asia . 
  if i am polish today , then yes - we are better off than the romanians . 
  but if i 'm bulgarian today , then no , our gdp per capita is currently slightly smaller than romania 's . 
  we have none of your large automotive industry to boost it as much . 
  good . 
  the longer the akp is in power , the more turkey will suffer . 
  weaker turkey = happy bulgaria . 
  nope . 
  we are the poorest ( fuck yeah !, 
  ) , then the romanians closely , then the croats and then the hungarians . 
  get in line please . 
  good . 
  i never claimed bulgarians were on romania 's land first . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  just that we did have a state bigger than the one we 'd have if we united with you today , as you jokes . 
  it was a small contra-joke , nothing serious . 
  then you gave dacia as example of a romanian state and i disagreed it being either . 
  it was a dacian tribal confederation , little to do with modern romanians and nothing to do with a statehood . 
  that 's the exact same approach i 'd like to see the whole of the eu take . 
  instead we have the germans playing `` holier than thou '' samaritans and open their gates ( and thus ours ) to all , 75 % of which healthy males , mostly non-syrian . 
  i was fully with the germans on the greek issue , but here they fucked up . 
  ( maybe precisely because they were villified as heartless and cold on greece , to overcomensate now with the refugees ), 
  so how am i wrong if i also say romanians are n't ancestors only to dacians , but to the salvs , avars , germans , huns and bulgarians who all settled and lived there at some point between 2nd 12th centuries ad ? 
  you start your post with `` you 're wrong '' and then you finish with exactly what i wrote ? 
  also , why do you post 3 times the same post ? 
  fair enough , i agree . 
  you claimed it was n't communism `` the deciding factor '' in those countries falling behind . 
  when it most certainly is - bohemia was richer than greece , all of iberia , most of italy and most of scandinavia for centuries before it fell back because of communism . 
  eastern germany was the heartland of prussia and the german empire - a burden on the rest today . 
  the lines communism/capitalism correspond 100 % with who collapsed in the 20th century and who remained in the first world . 
  north/south korea , east/west germany , hungary/austria , bulgaria/greece , poland/sweeden , finland/estonia - all of these were relatively or closely economically before 1945 , 45 years of communism later and the gap is huge . 
  the correlation is obvious and your objection `` so i am not sure we should hold it ( communism ) as the deciding factor . '', 
  does n't make sense . 
  not true - we reached it back in 2005 . 
  the small drop druing the crisis negated only the extra rise from 2005 to 2007 , but we ' v had on average a higher life standard and gdp per capita than in 1989 for 8 years now . 
  still , 18 years lost is n't little . 
  that 's taking things out of context . 
  it built a fucktone of heavy industry . 
  it was unsustainable . 
  nothing worked in the communist states by the late 70s . 
  the world was moving into services and high-tech , while the communist states were stuck in the 19th century , still investing in high chimneys for factories blasting out metals and chemical plants . 
  they produced more rifles than toilet paper . 
  all of this gdp growth at first was put towards building an unsustainable system that had to crash eventually , and thus it was actually wasted gdp growth . 
  and they had to leave communism because it kept bankrupting the states ( bulgaria did that 3 times in 45 years ) and was an entirely innefficient , broken , corrupt and stagnating system . 
  nothing about planned economy worked . 
  it killed entirely private enterpreneuralism and the rewards for personal ambtion beyond political schemes . 
  it will remain in history as one of the dumbest things ever tried , and most likely cost us here in eastern europe another century of socio-economical fallout . 
  another 1000 years of cultural and ethnical evolution created the early romanians . 
  you did n't live in a vacuum . 
  bulgaria honestly surprises me . 
  we used to have the 3 dirtiest cities in air pollution in eu top 10 , together with poland filling the first 5 . 
  good change . 
  i was not reffering to the direct linguistical , but statehood ancestor . 
  it is irrelevant how wallachia was called in different languages - what is relevant is that this state is the first state construct built by the people who would create the modern romanian nation and state . 
  by the time of the late middle ages the process of national formation was at a later stage - on the initial dacians there , there had come the element of the germanic and hunnic migration and settlement , then the slavic , the avar , the buglar and the magyar . 
  all these people left a trace of culture , linguistics , genetics and traditions , which combining in one resulted in what is today the romanian people . 
  and the first statehood created by that new ethno-national structure is the one we call wallachia of 1330 . 
  true , he probably got confused when reasearching , thinking the current disagreements must be long-lasting and the root of why the two countries are separate . 
  one ca n't blame him seeing as how complex and unusual that history is . 
  an ancient group of tribes with a different language , no national identity or nation-state . 
  we might as well be claiming ancestry to the thracians . 
  that 's national mythology more than history . 
  the first state with the name of our people was created in 681 . 
  the first with direct ancestry to yours - in 1330 , and it was called wallachia . 
  i do n't think he tried explaining the historical reasons of why the countries are n't together ( those are naturally complex and not to do with the sentiments of either people ) , but rather the relationship today . 
  which is pretty spot on to be fair judging from the vast majority of interactions i ' v had with macedonians . 
  to us you are bulgarians , to you we are `` tatars '' and a completely different nation . 
  not in all cases , but 90 % of the interactions i ' v had or seen fit into this . 
  not exactly [ `` than ever before '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_bulgarian_empire ) . 
  that series is pretty great , quite informative and surprisingly factual . 
  ca n't wait for the poland episode . 
  making an emotional response to diverge the question at hand . 
  so what if there are educated and students coming ? 
  we talk about numbers - do you think europe should let 90 or 100 million africans to come to europe over the course of the next 100 years as africa gets additional 3 billion people ? 
  yes or no , do n't try writing emotional populism . 
  of course migration can follow many patterns and be cause by simple desire for a better life or even exploration .
