  what i wrote . 
  if we accept it was n't converted by missionaries in the 11th century , as is the other leading thesis on the subject . 
  considering that 's what happened in the rest of scandinavia , it 's more plausable . 
  i thought you were commenting on the usefullness of the undemocratic nature of the vatican system . 
  i claim it does serve a necessary purpose for the proper functioning of the organisation called the catholic church . 
  if that organisation you find `` idiotic '' is a different matter , a ubjective opinion and one unrelated to the question is the undemocratic structure of the church necessary for its functioning or not . 
  all it does is show you ' r eager to proclaim what an `` enlighteneted '' atheist you are , something we are n't interrested in in this discussion . 
  i did n't laugh at the idea of a christian invasion , that happened many times , i laughed at the idea of a scandinavia and finland being christianised like that . 
  they were n't - it was missionaries there . 
  there never was a substantial demographic replacement with protestants over local catholics who did n't breed . 
  today this is the case with muslims . 
  it is a fact europeans are decreasing in population as it is , due to negative rates everywhere . 
  and it is also a fact muslims come by the hundreds of thousands , and with positive fertility rates . 
  put two and two together , what effects do you expect ? 
  from 0.5 % of the population in france the muslims became 8 % in just a few decades . 
  the rate is increasing , but you think it 's just a nationalist scare . 
  then tell me , at what perecentage do you believe this increase will end ? 
  when they are 15 % ? 
  is there any actual thought put by the defenders of multiculturalism and migration into when will the muslim rise in europe stop ? 
  and what factors do you put into this stop , considering africa alone is set to quadruple to 4 billion people by the end of this century according to the un 's latest report from 2014 . 
  since when are poland , the baltics and russia - finland or scandinavia ? 
  and secondly - did n't the teutonic attempts at christianising the lithuanians fail ? 
  instead , did n't christiantiy come to them peacefully , through the polish ? 
  saem as it did to the russians before from byzantium ? 
  only the prussians were actually christianised through force . 
  christians came to scandinavia by the dozens , maybe hundreds , of missionaries . 
  they spread the religion among locals , did n't replace the locals with already christians or their children . 
  muslims come by the millions , do n't spread their religion on the locals but rather continuously increase their percentage in society through huge migration and a positive fertility rate , as opposed to a negative of the natives . 
  one is a religion spreading itself through missionaries by willing acceptence from the locals , who do n't get replaced . 
  the other is a religion spreading by literary replacing the locals with a huge wave of people from its own followers . 
  hence why it can be seen as an invasion by the locals , unlike the spread of chrisitanity in scandinavia , which never saw the invasion of huge masses of christians from the rest of the continent to come and replace the locals . 
  no , it 's because of the huge ammount of recognised separate places with names - supposedly as many as in the rest of spain . 
  hence simply `` names of places '' alone in galicia would show up as a huge clusterfuck , regarldess what names . 
  precisely . 
  another thesis is it spread earlier in the 11th century . 
  that 's the point . 
  it is quite necessary actually for the proper functioning of the entire organisation . 
  `` invasion '' lol, 
  you are exagerrating and twisting my original opinion , which was aimed at the particular group described by the poster as `` and one for people that the society gave up on , people that are beyond redemption and repair '' . 
  this does n't put people who had done `` any slight '' as you being twisting the argument . 
  it puts people who ' v done horrific things in full control of their minds , rationally and willingly . 
  google elin krantz , see what a man did to her on google images , without suffering an illness ( they determined that in the process ) , entirely rationally and in control of himself he * decided * this is what he will do to another human being . 
  then tell me again this man can be redeemed , `` fixed '' somehow , thought to understand what he did was morally wrong . 
  or that he deserves it . 
  i am sorry , your humanist appeal is based on wishfull thinking - someone who completely rationally decides to do what you can see for the above mentioned case or for example rapes a child to death - is n't a human in any sense of that word other than biological . 
  he does n't deserve any of the rights , and most certainly * can * be thrown in a labour camp for the rest of his life . 
  it will be far less from what he did , and most importantly - a punishment for his deeds , not a mindless act of sadism as was his original act . 
  `` similar way '' is to rape a rapist , or hurt his family if he killed innocents . 
  stop equating punishing a criminal with his own acts towards innocent people . 
  unless i too rape children or burn innocent people , i 'm not sinking to their level . 
  that 's the point - you equate punishing innocent and guilty people equally . 
  that 's like if someone kidnapped and held hostage someone in their basement for 20 years . 
  then we do the same to that person - we `` kidnap '' him ( arrest ) and put him in prison for 20 years - it 's the same act , but towards a guilty person . 
  your logic would tell us `` not to sink to his level '' . 
  that 's how far you people have gone . 
  it 's savage to punish defenceless innocent people , not rapists and child murderers . 
  if you ca n't see the difference between the two , you have completely lost any touch with reality for the sake of radical tolerance of all and everyone . 
  how edgy . 
  i bet you love yourself . 
  you entirely deny the possibility of people comperehnding exactly what they do and how much pain they cause , but not giving a damn . 
  is every single member of the annual gang-rapes of women in european countries by muslim youth `` mentally ill '' ? 
  is a band of isis militants that enjoys buying sex slaves , raping them and killing children mentally ill ? 
  or are they just people who have entirely given into their basic , animalistic insticts for personal pleasure ? 
  you are trying to find a deep psychological response to every bad action , entirely denouncing the existance of base instincts , which are cruel and selfish , and the possibility of people to just give into those instincts without suffering a mental illness . 
  people who have simply not developped an empathy for others because of their environment , not because of an illness . 
  those are people with a very conscious decision to hurt others , not driven by a compulsion and a disorder that must be cured . 
  was breivik that too or was he unstable ? 
  you are n't worse . 
  stop with this bullshit - hurting a child rapist simply is n't as bad as raping a child . 
  enslaving a mass murder for life is n't as bad as murdering innocent people . 
  not everyone is equal , enough with this normative crap - not `` every life is equaly valluable '' - if my sister was kidnapped and forced into sex slave by some men , i would rip their guts from their stomachs if i could and strangle them with it . 
  this would n't make me one bit as bad as them , since i ' v never hurt an innocent person - i ' v hurt those that do that . 
  people have worth based on their innocence or guilt , not on their genes as homo sapies . 
  a human actually * can * lose his entire worth as a human if he hurts innocents for his own pleasure . 
  they might not be all mentally ill . 
  they might just chose to live a way of life , which is a concious choice . 
  a way that gives them pleasure to continuously live a lifestyle according to an oppressive and aggresive religion that unleashes their animalistic actions . 
  the religion makes them disregard human suffering , but from there on - all they do is for pleasure . 
  the pleasure of a sex slave , the pleasure of murdering someone etc. 
  this woman did n't behead the child out of pleasure or a religion , but because the wires in her brain shortcircuited due to psychotic tendencies and drugs to the point of doing something she would n't do on a normal day . 
  unlike the isis guys , for whome beheading very much is just a trivial normal day , as opposed to a moment of `` snapping '' . 
  ok , it 's a muslim . 
  i 'm one of the stronger propagators of `` stop the islamisation of europe '' here . 
  but to be honest , the whole deal sounds like a crazy person . 
  we have those too and people that do horrific stuff are found in europe as well , fritzel for example . 
  let 's not overblow this to something other than another horror story of psychological illness . 
  they are n't hidden . 
  even we heard of the english soldier decapitated in london for example . 
  is an isis member who raped slave girls and beheaded children someone with a psychological issue ? 
  maybe . 
  but do i care ? 
  do i believe we should invest in his treatment ? 
  he did it all for pleasure and should now suffer in return . 
  a slave for life in a mine , garbage dump or toxic cleaning . 
  certainly not a cussioned and expensive care home . 
  nope , that link will remain blue . 
  i know they do , and i disagree when they do . 
  the eu is dominated by cultural relativists and multi-culturalists , with whom about half the continent disagrees . 
  nation states are the most stable form of societal organisation we ' v reached , and they are trying to destroy it for the sake of a diverse society , that has proven to be highly unstable and volatile through history and modernity . 
  it 's a wrong decision and one we should fight .
