  i mean , i can go on for quite some time , i do n't support kaczynski , but you ' r comparing a bulldog to a wolf because they both bark . 
  i know what you are implying , but pis are simultaniously some of the strongest parties against putin in europe . 
  it 's more of an effect of their illiberal way towards orban , than an actual service of putin 's interests . 
  to be fair , even we do n't know how many people live in the capital , despite it ranging from 1,2 mil and 2 mil. , far below gargantuan istanbul . 
  same applies to many large cities and conglomerations in europe . 
  you come in summer . 
  you stay all summer . 
  no commute . 
  just cheap alcohol and pussy . 
  good money , you buy , economy goes up . 
  pls, 
  for good muney , i will make sew anything you want to you asshoul my friend !, 
  make kids . 
  pls come buy . 
  good hous . 
  cheap hous . 
  you do good here . 
  good bargain . 
  we * are * the mexico of europe . 
  macedonia , as we ' v tried in the past 150 years , but unfortunately the yugos made them a waky `` ancient '' nation that hates our guts after decades of bulgarophobic indoctrination . 
  ok , let me clear the topic a bit for non-bulgarians . 
  i am all for border control and keeping the migrants out , but in this case the issue is n't that . 
  it 's that our country is currently finishing a process whereby a small group of oligarchs has taken complete control of the state and economy , and particurarly - eu funds , in the past 7 years . 
  they use those to steal a staggering ~ 30 % of the money in all government projects and eu grants for themselves . 
  the initial turkish fence was supposed to cost 32 million bgn , now it crossed 100 million and has n't even covered the entire border yet . 
  so , as the bear has tasted the honey , they will now of course start building another one with greece , despite the flow of migrants from there being pretty much almost non-existent . 
  do anticipate a future fence with macedonia , serbia and , of course , the entire danube with romania . 
  maybe also one with the black sea , just in case , what 's a billion or two from the budget between friends , eh ? 
  ** tldr ** : ruling oligarchs find new projects to steal from . 
  edit . 
  nothing unusual with downvoting comments , except i usually can guess why it 's done . 
  in this case though ? 
  is someone disagreeing my country is in the grips of deep political corruption stealing from all projects ? 
  explain at least what you disagree with when chosing to downvote . 
  a bit on an unequal footing here though - russia actual * is * stoking a war in ukraine and * has * annexed their land , so kinda gives the ukrainians somewhat of a reason to fear further russian action , whereas ukraine , and no one in fact , has taken any russian land or organised a war inside its borders in the past years , so their hysteria of `` enemies of russia plotting everywhere '' is quite more groundless . 
  anyhow , not that yet another typical putin loving serb would care for facts , right ? 
  the guards back then were sympathetic towards the people of the soviet block . 
  today , if you have any glimps of the attitudes among the law and border forces , especially in balkan countries , you 'd know it 's overwhelmingly against the migrants from outside of europe . 
  they are notoriously right-wing , nationalist and pro-border control , hence the last thing they 'll do is say fuck it and let them . 
  here in bulgaria the border guards are the ones most strongly in favour of the fence and giving them any support in tools to stop the migrants . 
  [ says the serb ] ( http://pogledaj.to/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/061.jpg ), 
  at least show a guy with a similar moustache . 
  and that is n't perfectly understandable why ? 
  understanding the reasons behind a catastrophy does n't make the gravity of it any smaller . 
  this guy did n't know the reasons , he just sees a state where more than 2 times more people are aborted than born , and considers this * purely statistically * , as an anomaly - insane numbers . 
  not insane as in the people who do it are insane . 
  he is n't making a statement about the serbs or the country , but about the numbers . 
  i guess this might be a linguistic misunderstanding here - `` insane '' you understand as if he 's insulting the people doing it , when he is actually using it to describe the numbers . 
  `` huge '' , `` big '' or `` very large '' is what he means by it - this ratio of 2x1 is insane , not the people , so your explanations as to why the ration exists and why the people do it is out of context here . 
  he used insane to describe the high difference between births and abortions . 
  more than twice more abortions than births , i do n't see how one can describe as anything other than an insane ration . 
  i still do n't get how this has any bearing to the issue of choice for a woman . 
  it 's just a measure of numbers . 
  the numbers are insane , hence very high . 
  what 's the deal here ? 
  perhaps due to bulgaria 's army fighting entirely on the other front against serbia and greece , when sneaky romanian struck in the back to steal some land ? 
  first and last time bulgarian and romanian armies met against each other on the field of battle was in ww1 , and the romanians suffered humiliating defeats like tutrakan . 
  you ' v yet to defeat us in major battle , whereas we marched in your capital and captured tens of thousands of your soldiers , so i do n't think the historical score of battle between bulgaria and romania is particurarly even ... 
  you seem to harbour serious delusions as to where the world is today and heading . 
  the 20th century is well behind , if you believe a state of 60 million , or actually less should some parts of it leave after a brexit , has the slightest chance to compete or have a voice in a world of massive states , unions and rising powers , then i guess it explains your views here . 
  as for being voiceless within the eu i suggest you open a very basic summary of how it works . 
  there 's no `` god emperor '' that dictates the whole thing , every single state , even the smallest , has the right to veto pretty much anything within the council and to propose laws through the parliament/commission process or reject them there . 
  i witnessed this first hand during my work in brussels . 
  malta and cyprus once stopped a doping proposal taht germany and france were pushing , yet the uk you think has no power/voice ? 
  you are simply ignorant as to how it works , imagining some independent `` eurocratic '' structure that does what it pleases . 
  in reality your own government has the right ot break any process , or stop any law through both the european council , where its heads of states are represented , or the council of the eu , where every ministry in london can dictate what is approved and what vetoed , which immediately stops any process . 
  ignorance and lack if awareness of basic facts on the eu seems to be driving force behind vote leave . 
  daily mail source of education on the subject . 
  begone illuminati agent !, 
  the uk wo n't be the uk when it leaves , cause it will break up . 
  so more likely out of the eu it would merely be a dependent , lone england between the massive eu on one side and massive usa on the other , with no voice or importance in the world . 
  son of david ? 
  zionist reptillian mason mosad agent identified !, 
  never really heard anyone use it in my town , just heard of it in movies and tv programmes . 
  yep  [ third bulgarian army 's parade in bucharest ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a9/falkenhayn%27s_cavalry_entering_bucuresti_on_december_6%2c_1916.jpg ), 
  so do you have to eat the condom and stick the the ice cream up the ass ? 
  the same article shows abortions were only 22,000 in 2010 . 
  i doubt they jumped by 130 000 in 6 years , so there seems to be problem between the wiki page and this post . 
  how is the guy above stating such huge difference between births and abortions is insane making him somehow defend forcing a girl to have a baby and not letting her decide ? 
  he said nothing about that at all . 
  you sound like a hysterical radical looking for any opportunity to shout his trigger ideas even when no one is disagreeing with them . 
  we had the same problem before . 
  from 156,000 registered aborts in 1980 , we dropped to 29,000 in 2013 , the lowest rate since 1956 . 
  use of condoms is attributed to that . 
  [ this is a graph of abortions and births in bulgaria since 1954 , with births in blue and abortions in red ] ( http://www.abort.bg/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/bulgaria-birth-abortion-stats.png ), 
  and gypos/pensioners on the bus . 
  also that unique smell of freshly made bronze ancient baroque statue . 
  `` happiest countries in the world !!! '', 
   good , cuz there were about 2 times as many bulgarians  . 
  not very good at math , eh ? 
  :d 2x 39,000 = 78,000 55,000 is exactly 1.4 times more than 39,000 , hence they actually had a small advantage in men , nowhere near the usual expected to take a fortress and certainly nowhere near the massive advantage of 5-10-11 times in most ww1 battles . 
   nope . 
  like any propaganda : the talk is only about the great victories while the defeats are not mentioned at all , or in passing . 
  you have given an example yourself , where a saying is created to mock the adversary without fully expressing the complexities of the situation . 
  1st and 2nd romanian army left for the north or wallachia while only the 3rd remained to protect the south . 
  obviously that was a bad decision and they underestimated the bulgarians . 
  probably because they almost took sofia 3 years prior . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_balkan_war see , not so easy when you 're surrounded by enemies  you seem to confuse wars with battles . 
  strategy with tactics . 
  it does n't matter what the strategic situation of romania was at the moment for the outcome of the battle , since those men did n't surrender thinking the war was over .
