  and in reality before the 18th century there was n't really that much of a technological difference between european armies and eurasia/mid east . 
  apart from early arquebuses , which were n't all that effective or common , they fought with just about the same weapons as islamic , indian and even most of the coastal african kingdoms - sword and spears . 
  you smear butter over someone in an aggressive manner . 
  each year the mods post a survey and the statistics on the user base in this sub . 
  the vast majority of people on r/europe are western europeans . 
  the same whose comments we can see in said right-wing threads all over the place . 
  ironically , you blaming your problems on `` those pesky easterners '' is the same kind of right-wing attitude you seem to oppose . 
  all you mention are functions that were added to the government through history , and quite often very , very recently . 
  enforcing the laws of the land and its borders were always the primary , very first functions of states . 
  no it does n't . 
  humans are n't suicidal , they do n't rush armed borders like zombies to force their murder . 
  hundreds of armed national borders around the world at the moment prove that . 
  there 's a reason the african migrant wave goes through libya , the furthest med point , not through gibraltar - morocco and spain enforce their borders , and the do n't kill millions in the process . 
  such an overrated country . 
  thanks . 
  that 's a compliment in our age . 
  one , they certainly will kill you in many muslim societies around the world , it 's quite disingenious of you to claim this is n't a practice or apostasy is easy and safe in all , or even the vast majority of , muslim countries on the globe . 
  i never claimed each and every single muslim or muslim group will do it . 
  two , we were talking of whether `` the teachings of islam '' are compatible with western societies . 
  then i mentioned that one of its core teachings is death for apostasy , hence incompatible . 
  do you disagree with either of these claims ? 
  you deny apostasy is punishable by death according to the teachings of islam ? 
  i love how it mentions even minor events , yet avoids the 1885 serb invasion of bulgaria , when they got completely annihilated by a much smaller , ill-equipped and untrained army hit in the back , to the point the great powers had to intervene to protect serbia itself from occupation and territorial losses . 
  omitting to talk of this war is probably why it 's quite popular to hear serbs call bulgarians `` backstabbers '' for the second balkan war , despite them being the first to do it . 
  always a serb . 
  it 's just always a serb . 
  no , because he murdered millions and ruined entire societies * for the goood ideal * . 
  you know , communism and socialism , perfect equality , worker 's rights , kill the fucking bourgeoisie and all with capital ... i mean `` egalitarianiiism '' ... 
  it 's only mean when the horrible right does it , * we * do it `` for the good reasons '' . 
  he was n't even the biggest one in his own regime , let alone european history . 
  it 's a bullshit lie that `` millions will die '' unless you open your borders to mass migration of people from every part of the world . 
  if you do n't give a shit about your ethnic and national group or have no identity yourself , that 's a personal choice you ca n't impose on those around you by forcing them to abandon their national or ethnic identity by allowing millions of people into their societies and making their children minorities in their own countries one day . 
  if you do n't want the swedish ethnic group for example to be a majority where you live - go somewhere outside of sweden , for example move to nigeria . 
  but you have no right to force those swedes who do wish their ethnic group to remain majority in their own land to forfeit that through mass migration . 
  having an ethnic or cultural identity is neither nazism nor a crime . 
  and if you think it is then you are contradicting yourself , since the vast majority of people outside of europe have pretty strong ethnic and cultural identities , ergo those `` innocent people '' you claim come to your country as immigrants actually are n't innocent , but horrible nazis by your own definition of it . 
  why do you support millions of nazis with strong ethnic and cultural identities to move to your country ? 
  we do n't have to accept millions of migrants who displace us as a native group , regardless where they come from or what their religion is . 
  i have no idea where this left wing self-hating attitude came from , but i like my people and my society and see no reason to `` diversify '' it with millions of either muslims or christians from all over the world . 
  seeing the `` wonderful '' results of mass migration and complete societal and cultural balkanization of western countries i believe my position is quite well founded . 
  then why are n't we all agreeing on neither importing millions of muslims nor christians ? 
  your answer would only makes sense if the right wanted to replace mass muslim migration with mass christian one . 
  they want neither , no mass migration into their societies whatsoever , which actually aligns with secularist , atheist goals . 
  ergo the paradox of atheists/secularist leftists advocating for the import of millions of deeply religious people ( muslims ) . 
  `` progressives '' and leftist reaction when : the leftists use the uneducated or lower classes : `` the proletariat is on our side !, 
  our struggle is for the people and they support us against the bourgeoisie ! '', 
  when the right uses the uneducated or the lower classes : `` these dumb , uneducated , provincial , nativist idiot hillbillies !, 
  fuck their poor , stupid ass !, 
  why are we even allowing these dumb , xenophobic peasants to vote , we should only have a liberal elite make decisions ! '', 
  be a muslim and try to leave the religion . 
  apostasy is openly , directly and unequivocally punishable by death `` according to the teachings of islam '' . 
  you seem to think this is compatible with western society . 
  how prevalent is covering women up , not allowing them to freely study , work and date among trump supporters ? 
  how common are honour killings , arranged marriages or fgm ? 
  are you claiming almost half the us nation forces women to wear covering , forbids them from dating , studying and working freely or gives them half the inheritance of that of a man ? 
  how many terrorist attacks with multiple victims all over the world are carried out by trump supporters each month ? 
  there are a few hundred such victims of islamic terrorism last month alone , as each month basically . 
  how many violent , terrorist armed groups of trump supporters control large areas of land , murder tens of thousands and impose medieval laws like boko haram do in nigeria , al shabab in somalia , taliban in afghanistan , isis in syria , iraq and libya etc. 
  etc. ? 
  how many trum supporters support and/or practice death penalty for apostasy , as is overwhelmingly accepted and supported in both islam and the wide muslim community around the world ? 
  this is different . 
  i agree with this , but in said scenario of yours we are comparing a fascist dictatorship to essentially a left leaning republic . 
  what i compared a fascist dictatorship to in my original comment you replied , and claimed the fascist one is prefferable , were the marxist dictatorships that we , and about a third of the world , got and suffered from much more so than spain or argentina did from their right wing ones . 
  i never claimed a fascist dictatorship is prefferable to a democracy , even a left leaning one . 
  you misunderstood my question - i meant why would you personally choose for spain a stalinist dictatorship before a frankist one . 
  why do you think the kind of policies implemented by stalin and the regime there is preferable for spain and would achieve better results than what franko brought/did ? 
  to my view franko was definitely a lot less of an evil than stalin or most stalinist type dictators , and his crimes and policies not even comparable to the destruction and suffering which stalin brought . 
  citation needed . 
  i can also come up with a throng of postmodernist studies showing places like holland or canada are the most racist , mysoginist , xenophobic ones on the face of the earth due to intersectional , patriarchical oppression and manspreading . 
  why do you honestly believe a communist/stalinist dictatorship would 've been better for spain than franco ? 
  dude , it says it in your own citation this is in the israeli-ocupied terrories in the west bank , not between israeli citizens inside israel . 
  did you even read my comment before copy-pasting it ? 
  you compare foreign fascist or communist regimes ' actions towards other nations , when i compared what said regimes did to their own and which one is preferable if you were forced to choose . 
  no fascist/right wing regime exterminated as big a percentage of its own citizens as the marxist ones did in stalin 's ussr , mao 's china , pol pot 's cambodia etc. 
  the effects of the regimes of franco or pinochet on their countries is incomparable to the devastation that followed the socialist regimes in eastern europe or anywhere else for that matter . 
  no one here in eastern europe wants the nazis to have won , but if we have to choose one of two dictatorships we sure would have preferred a franco or a pinochet over a stalin or a mao . 
  as any sane person would . 
  if they are citizens of the state of israel they have all the rights any other citizen of israel does , including voting , and currently political represention in the parliament . 
  there is no apartheid in the state of israel , which is a system of legal segragation of one group of a country 's citizens from another . 
  no such segregation exists , an arab in israel actually has more rights and freedoms than an arab in any arab country in the world at the moment . 
  the palestinians inside the west bank and gaza do not live in israel and have no israeli citizenship , so if you ' r going to bitch and whine about their condition be my guest , but frame it in the correct context - they live in an occupation outside of israel , not in the state of israel . 
  the state of israel is not an apartheid state , even if it occupies lands outside of it . 
  same as the uk may occupy a piece of land somewhere else and oppress the people there , but it would n't make the state of uk itself an apartheid state . 
  you need to learn that democratic and free states can still have bad foreign policy and do bad things outside their borders . 
  an apartheid state , on the opposite , does bad things * inside * its borders , to its own citizens . 
  israel does n't , it gives full rights to its citizens including 3 million arabs , so it ca n't be classified as an apartheid state unless you do n't know what one is . 
  no idea what this meant . 
  why are you talking about dick ? 
  similarly , most commie lovers here seem to come from western europe . 
  whatever did n't destroy your society seems to be most prevalent in it i guess . 
  except communist regimes destroyed their victim societies about 10 times as bad as the fascist ones theirs . 
  arab and muslim citizens of israel have the exact same rights as any other citizen , they actively participate in the political life of the country and have mps and representation . 
  you either know nothing of what apartheid sa was like or what current israel is . 
  an arab citizen of israel , technically , has more rights than arab citizen of most arab countries . 
  what you most likely think of is the zone of occupation in the west bank , which is n't part of the state of israel to call said state and apartheid one . 
  know what ? 
  which near-eastern state is not one ? 
  pakistan - where they lynch people for blasphemy ? 
  egypt - where the copts get their churches bombed all the time ? 
  saudi arabia and the gulf sates where millions of slave workers have zero rights ?
