  you are ready to infringe on one of people 's oldest and most fundamental right - to form the family they want , for the sake of furthering your personal beliefs , and then have the audacity to say people should n't infringe on others ' rights ? 
  the nerve . 
  what you seem ignorant of is the choice many adopting parents make to never tell their kid is adopted . 
  it is a sound choice considering many kids develop emotional trauma and issues when they find out , and even more are bullied by their peers . 
  if you force me to take a kid from an obviously different race you are taking that choice away from me , as in the vast , vast ammount of cases two white parents wo n't give birth to a non-white kid , especially here in eastern europe where race mixing is pretty much unheard of . 
  so two questions : 1 . who the hell are you to take away my right to raise my adopted kid as my own , never giving him a reason to doubt he was mine ? 
  how do you determine two parents who specifically want a kid of their own race do it because they are racist , and not because they simply made the choice i described above ? 
  especially along ethnic/racial lines when it comes to adoption - otherwise you take away a parent 's right to chose to raise his adopted kid without telling him he 's adopted . 
  so i ca n't want for my kid never to find out he 's adopted ? 
  i ca n't spare my kid this potential trauma by adopting one that shares my race ? 
  the state should force children to know they are adopted so people like you feel there is no `` racism '' in society ? 
  that sounds much more cruel and selfish to me . 
  so that you feel like there is no racist choise in adoption you are ready to condemn kids to grow up with different race parents , with all the potential trauma , personal emotional issues or bullying from peers that could come with that . 
  why is it crazy ? 
  why ca n't i adopt a kid from my own race ? 
  by that principle there would n't be a single major media we can share . 
  [ romanians ] ( http://romaniatourism.com/images/authentic-romania.jpg ) [ gypsies ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/hwmnmhy__2q/maxresdefault.jpg ) you tell me if there is an obvious racial difference . 
  people wanting their adopted child to be of the same race/ethnicity/skin colour is n't `` a problem to be solved '' . 
  why ? 
  this is authoritarian , statist bullshit . 
  `` the state '' should n't fight any opinions . 
  `` the state '' is n't an overlord of all of its `` subjects '' that has to form how they think . 
  the state should be out of almost all societal interaction . 
  if i want a kid that looks like me , that is white , i have 100 % the right to that . 
  who the fuck is `` the state '' or you for that matter to wave a finger at me ? 
  adopt a non-white kid yourself if you want , be tolerant and `` diverse '' , but do n't tell me what i have to be or even more so - use the state to impose your views . 
  that 's the point . 
  romanians wo n't risk being given a gypsie kid , so they 'll stop adopting from romania and probably do it in neighbouring countries instead , where they can chose a european kid . 
  what ? 
  who the hell attacked russians here ? 
  why are you taking jokes against putin as attacks on russians or yourself ? 
  are you putin ? 
  is putin the emancipation of the russian nation ? 
  that 's the whole problem of your country - you do n't see yourself apart from a political regime that you should control yourself , you see yourself as subjects to be identified with that regime . 
  no one is attacking you , especially not here where a polish guy merely joked putin has a low score in poland . 
  people attack putin , and if you identify the russian nation with his persona , you have a deeply rooted problem yourself . 
  i write this as i listen to shostakovich and thank the russian nation for producing such amazing people i love just as much as i hate other separate russians like putin . 
  care for what ? 
  they saved you by not allowing the ussr or your own plentiful marxists from turning you into a failed communist shithole that ends up losing millions of its population in the eventual 90s collapse , as happened with every european country where the west could n't prevent the marxist scum from taking power . 
  but it actually is n't our problem . 
  did n't you hear u/piuto ? 
  listen to the experts mate . 
  obviously i did already . 
  what a pointless comment . 
  we got about 35,000 refugees before we built a fence with turkey . 
  from all over the world - pakistanis , afghans , syrians , iraqis , eritreans , even as far as nigeria . 
  even when they leave for the west your countries keep returning them here acording to the dublin agreement . 
  even the recent german suicide bomber was due to be returned here right before he thankfully blew over there instead . 
  we had to build 4 large refugee camps and feed/house/clothe thousands of people despite being the poorest eu country with hundreds of thousands of pensioners barely surviving on ~ 100 $ a month . 
  because the western liberal organisations cry murder if we do n't take care of them and threten to sue the country . 
  naturally , they do n't give a shit how many local old bulgarians are in a much more desperate need . 
  furthermore , now thousands have decided to permanently stay in sofia , joining the previously small arab community and forming a large muslim ghetto in the middle of the city center . 
  right behind the central mosque , which used to be an absolutely lovely old part of town , now there is a muslim ghetto with all of the typical problems of one and a constant source of attacks/robberies on locals passing by . 
  women basically do n't go anywhere near it , and i still remember when it was a cozy part of my city where there was no problem going as you crossed the center . 
  now it 's as if a foreign horde has occupied part of my town and i have to listen to priviliged western cunts tell me it 's something i have to accept or else i 'm racist . 
  so , yes - it fucking is our , and mine personally , problem as well , despite your pathetic attempt to dismiss an argument that still stands using an ad hominem you just had n't thought through because you know nothing about bulgaria . 
  he did n't attack you , he made a joke of how low putin 's score is in poland . 
  you felt like `` defending '' from that ? 
  what are you - putin 's pr ? 
  a putin fanatic ? 
  what do refugees have to do with the topic or even the first half of your comment ? 
  it 's literary as if you are butthurt and trying to attack poland with whatever unrelated question you have . 
  edit . 
  ooops , my bad , saw your profile - 1 month , a million comments about russia or anyone criticizing it , all on the same level as the above . 
  pure troll . 
  ignore him . 
  it is not our problem either . 
  they have neighbours . 
  we almost did actually in 1885 when after we crushed the serb invasion russia deposed out monarch . 
  we offered the throne to the king of romania , but again russia stopped it because it would put the countries in a personal union and make them quite difficult to push around . 
  history would be very different if that had happened . 
  read the article before arguing with the headline . 
  i do everytime we avoid being called as the worst at something in the eu just because of you . 
  i ca n't imagine the stygma and shame if you were n't in the eu to help is share the burden . 
  how can a party leader be acceptable if members of her/his own party deny the soviet genocides ? 
  wave marxist flags ? 
  defend the stalinist regimes of eastern europe ? 
  and yet half of europe 's established left parties fit that description , and not just on the level of their members , but their leaders as well . 
  ( see corbyn ) how is that more acceptable than denying the holocaust ? 
  romania i fucking love you, 
  they are . 
  if i can see so increadibly many of them here in sofia recently , in the eu 's poorest country , they must be immigrating in considerable numbers . 
  indeed , the pictures reminded me of how important catholic monasteries were for the economic revival of medieval europe . 
  yes , you are not alone , i too read the first word differently and had to start again . 
  athens is the opposite of underrated - very famous and full of tourists , but quite a dissapointing , ugly and overcrowded city . 
  thessaloniki is what qualifies as underrated in greece . 
  can confirm , sofia has nothing to offer single tourists that want to sight-see , but it is absolutely an amazingly lively city with great sub-cultures and tons of places to party . 
  should ' v had a local to show you the cool places . 
  also , it 's the worst bulgarian city to visit as a foreigner . 
  places like tarnovo , plovdiv or nessebar are on par with any european attraction . 
  they are also very typical slavs in how much they hate their slavic-ness . 
  i thought he referred to the 2 conflicts that make france look weak in modern military terms being not ww1 and ww2 , but ww2 and the vietnam/algeria debacles . 
  that makes a solid 20 + years ( 1940-1962 ) of french losses and surrenders . 
  i absolutely do not like the stereotype and am also a historian , i just clarify why i think people have that myth . 
  the albanian city states . 
  i like the ring of it . 
  too bad most of your population is rural . 
  :d ^ just ^ kidding, 
  you ' r wellcome brother bulgarian . 
  always ?
