  i see as the main problem the very nature of depriving a person of the posession of his own body to the point that arbitrary and irreversible changes can be made without his consent and without a clear danger to his health , as is with all those majority cases of circumcission when no phimosis has been detected . 
  in them , the problem is n't simply pragmatic drawbacks in the future , it 's the precedent of making such changes to ones body without his consent . 
  i have no idea who `` we guys are '' , i am expressing a very simple concept i believe in - the ownership of your own body , and am entirely open to discuss that concept and the various exheptions of it . 
  if you have had other discussions here already you ca n't hold me accountable for them as i have n't read others ' replies to you or care for their position . 
  i just believe my body is my own property and no one has the right to arbitrarily cut parts of it without my consent , even when i am a child , unless there is very , very clear danger to my life , which is n't the case with circumcision . 
  any other benefits circumcission might have , and i do n't care to disagree with that as i find it irrelevant to the topic , should be advertised to adults to make the decision to go with the procedure on their own accord . 
  that 's the thing - regardless when you use this argument , it 's always valid ... [ because it 's always the current year . 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/022/138/reece.jpg ), 
  and i clearly explain to you that neither is cutting people 's nipples useless , as it can also prevent them from potentially suffering an infection or disease . 
  so i ask you the simply question if you would support parents ' choice to surgically remove the nipples of their newborn son under the exact same justifications you provide for removing his foreskin . 
  what , exactly , do you not understand ? 
  cutting off the nipples every single child would undoubtedly also save lives , as there are people with nipple infections through their lifetime who either suffer or die from it . 
  do you support we legalize such a procedure and implement it for that purpose ? 
  there are thousands of deseases , infections and abnormalities that can affect different parts of your body , including the tips of your ears , your lips , your nipples and many more . 
  some of them are no less often occurring than phimosis . 
  yet with none of them have we justified cutting off parts of the body of 100 % of children , let 's say something equally useless like the male nipples , just because 1,4 % might end up with such a nipple infection in their lifetime . 
  the argument you give is beyond absurd . 
  with the ability and habits of modern day hygiene , medicine and anywhere outside of living in a desert - male circumcision is a beyond unnecessary intrusion on the body of individuals whom you have no right over , even if they are your children . 
  i told you to stop wasting people 's time if you do not intend to participate in the discussion . 
  does crimea ? 
  no they are n't . 
  there are more countries with lower wages than poland than there are with lower prices . 
  no , i asked how , exactly , is it `` cancer '' , and you refused to explain telling me instead to go look on google arguments that support your opinion here instead of presenting them yourself , as is the very point of discussions . 
  pathetic . 
  precisely in europe `` liberal '' ought to mean classical european liberalism as this is its place of birth : 1 . personal freedoms and human rights , 2 . private property and property rights , 3 . small government and taxes , 4 . religious freedom and secularism , 5 . lessaize faire capitalism , 6 . charity instead of state imposed welfare , 7 . complete freedom of expression from the government , etc. 
  so in fact a combination of both the `` liberals '' and `` conservatives '' in the us , with strong disagreements on issues on both sides there . 
  sorry , they did n't tell you those are actually 2 eras away , first we have to go through the era of the gender fluid , non-binary , trans-sex muslim furries . 
  then we get to the flying cars . 
  then why are you here and commenting ? 
  the point here is to exchange views and positions and argue on them , not just tell people to `` go google my opinion '' . 
  do n't waste others ' time please . 
  what is so difficult for people like you to understand about the simple premise of a person , no matter his age , being the sole and only owner of his body - hence the only one who can make a decision to cut off a perfectly fine and non-inhibiting part of it ? 
  you just do n't have the right to take away a part of another human - if circumcision is so great , then advertise it as such and convince the adults to get it - not impose it on children as if you have the right to another person 's body . 
  he did n't ask that , why are you afraid to answer the question ? 
  do people have the right to take a part of your body right now ? 
  `` it 's [ the current year ] ... '' but no , seriously , i agree with your statement . 
  `` i am glad my parents cut off the tips of my years as a child . 
  i believe i would have ended up wanting to do it myself when i grow up and this way it saved me a lot of pain by not remembering . '', 
  circumcision is a useless in the modern world ancient ritual , no different if we were cutting the tips of kids ' years to make them look more `` elfish '' or to appease an ancient religion . 
  no one needs it or actually ends up wanting it when they grow up - it 's only done out of tradition or religion to children against their will . 
  it should n't be legal . 
  how ? 
  both slavery and the mafia are intrinsicly evil on the basis of their common denominator - compulsion . 
  they force you into slavery or into paying the mafia . 
  banks offer loans anyone can decide to use or go through his life without ever using - and if you do use those they can be extremely beneficial in saving you many years of your life when you would have to be saving up money to start your own business or buy your home . 
  me , my family and millions others have started our businesses only thanks to banks and the initial capital you can get from them as loans . 
  loans with astronomically less interest rate than a loan shark from the mafia would give you . 
  in a world without banks i would still be an employee and work a day job , instead of having employees . 
  as well as still paying rent to someone else 's property instead of paying that same ammount in a mortgage to a bank towards owning my own . 
  none of that is comparable to slavery or the mafia , or even instrinsicly bad in any way shape or form , to anyone but a pathetic leftist who never did anything productive in his life or contributed the economy of his society . 
  banks are the reason myself , my parents , some of my friends and millions of other people can start a business outright , without waiting for years to save up enough for initial investment . 
  without them people ca n't buy their homes upfront and instead of paying rent pay a mortgage that goes towards owning it . 
  without them i 'd never be able to start my own company as early as i did and end up employing people at the moment . 
  the only one 's thinking the banking system is a bunch of useless parasites are leftists who have never done anything productive in their lifetime , let alone actually contributed to the business and enterprise of their society , but are quite the experts and talking and writing online . 
  why are you replying to my comment when i expressed the same position of it being ridiculous to talk of the us as having remotely such problems ? 
  there is a subset of our societies which is blind to the realities of the world due to a deeply ideological belief in `` the good nature '' of all people or that `` their superior values '' will quickly and readily be adopted by any number of migrants from fundamentally different civilizations on earth . 
  why would a major bank be `` cancer '' ? 
  they are a crucial engine of investment and economic development , key to europe 's rise to prominence in recent centuries , and as relevant as ever to any state 's growth today . 
  i still find it wishful thinking at best , considering despite all the trump hysteria the us is growing no worse than europe in all relevant fields/aspects/statistics . 
  when we get a considerably higher gdp growth and slow down our ageing population to at least as much as theirs , we can point a finger and laugh . 
  what does that sentence even mean ? 
  and how is it relevant to my comments/thesis here ? 
  does the us have a problem with food production or economic power/growth compared to europe for this to be a relevant remark ? 
  `` mockery '' and `` leading by example '' are meaningless phrases , there are actual - real world expressions of a society and its power . 
  its demographic , its economy , its growth , its innovations and its military and power projection are the chief ones , not `` how much they make fun of you '' or want to be like you . 
  the us dominates in all relevant measures of relevance , power and future prospects . 
  europe has a fuck ton of catching up to do , especially in terms of military , united common policy/voice , and demographic replacement . 
  just because they `` mock '' the us for trump or paris right now and not us in no way puts us on the same level . 
  they are the dominant world power and will continue to be so unless we put our shit together . 
  imagining they are `` on a retreat '' because of paris or how mocked they are around the world is delusional and wishfull thinking . 
  in all actually relevant and real-world , practical measures of power and future prospects - they dominate and do n't seem to be lagging behind . 
  on a similar note , the neighbors to the south - sofia before the communists : [ 1 ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-xuhe9vwmnry/vjmjyamsibi/aaaaaaaaoco/rruutvmplck/s1600/scan2700.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-lxy-79xwh4k/usebtqctgli/aaaaaaaajz0/kovtpwxoxjy/s1600/scan1733.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-umru6a7s3am/uwru_gvsubi/aaaaaaaajpu/zohg1hermhu/s1600/scan1782.jpg ) [ 4 ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-luxr_hnow_e/votz9rru1di/aaaaaaaaoly/bt3xhr-xp88/s1600/scan27389.jpg ), 
  is n't the gdp growth in both the us and the eu entirely comparable , whilst they also have a greater demographic growth and innovations/patents ? 
  they surely do n't seem to be `` retreating '' compared to europe , especially not in international relevance considering their overwhelming military , which even gets a boost to the budget whilst europe 's armies are just now starting to crawl up . 
  i graduated history and instead of this making it easier for me to try and predict how it will all end , i am actually confused as hell in the face of the numerous things that i believe can happen . 
  history is just insanely random and unpredictable . 
  anyone who boldly gives you predictions of the outcomes of certain trends and fundamental changes is usually full of it , same as the people who were predicting london would be under 2 meters of horse shit by 1930 had no idea the automobile would get invented . 
  anything can happen , good or bad , i just believe we should stay informed of current trends and try plan for them . 
  right now , closing the migrant route , deeper eu integration , a common military and jointly enforced borders is perhaps the best thing to do . 
  europe , without russia - 550 million people , average fertility rate - 1.58 . 
  ( 2.1 replacement minimum ) africa , according to [ the 2015 un demographic report ] ( https://esa.un.org/unpd/wpp/publications/files/key_findings_wpp_2015.pdf ) will quadruple its population to 4 billion people by 2100 . 
  the middle east will double it to 600 million . 
  even keeping the current percentage of people from these two regions who want to move to europe it equals tens of millions . 
  when you add the prospective effects of climate change ( these are also the most vulnerable regions to it ) , [ soil degradation ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/alarm-over-land-degradation-in-africa/a-19044890 ) , and population boom , all of which have always historically resulted in conflicts and civil wars , you get a likely wave of refugees - climate , war and poverty such , in the tens of millions or more towards europe . 
  for a continent that barely has 5 % of the world population and will remain stable in this , even a fraction of the potential move of people from a 4 billion people africa or mid east will have profound demographic changes , and might threaten the demographic and cultural majority of certain smaller european nations , perhaps even bigger ones . 
  german troops mentioned = nazis and hitler will be relevant to bring up , for centuries to come . 
  honestly , get used to it , people are still bringing up the mongols or the ottomans , the historical life of the nazis and hitler in the global conscious is just starting . 
  demographic transformation . 
  same as in all of europe , this is not going to be a short-termed phenomenon you will solve with some peace accord like separatist movements , this is just the beginning of the balkanization of the west . 
  have fun , we know exactly what it means . 
  people still talk of napoleon and the french invasion of russia in 1812 , so buckle up - in 130 years mentioning the nazis , hitler and such parallels will continue to be relevant and used . 
  i am not sure what are you trying to do right now - are you starting a debate for and against religion or something ? 
  i have no issue with that really , just please clarify what you exactly state in a sentence or two , as i 've been asking you since the start . 
  stop wiggling around and be direct . 
  the vast majority of what you see on this map , like overwhelmingly , is separatism . 
  i still have zero idea what any of this has to do with the video . 
  it 's [ the current year ], 
  i did watch op 's video , which explains the historical uniqueness of religious tolerance inside the polish-lithuanian commonwealth , how it became a safe haven for the jews of europe , how it protected its muslim , orthodox and protestant minorities and how it influenced the later developments of liberalism in the west . 
  so i asked what has that to do with bill burr joking about how he became an atheist . 
  i thought there was a specific point to be made here with the video , so i asked , that 's all .
