  still number one !, 
  b'lgarya !, 
  lol , now i get it . 
  he 's also fighting the reptilians , opposing the zionists , stopping the chem-trails , banning the gmo , sabotaging haarp and exposing the rothchilds , right ? 
  yes yes i know do n't start a tirade , i wrote i agree with the message of the video , i do n't agree with how it was done , the inclusion of specific political figures in it , the allegations that some , like putin , are as if `` our saviors '' , and other weak attempts at direct political message . 
  if they had kept it just `` how it was '' and `` how it is now '' , ok , but they did n't . 
  so either address those remarks of mine or not at all . 
  do n't start lecturing me please . 
  remove the political bullshit from the video , like putin , merkel , wilders , orban , lepen etc and it will be much better . 
  the song 's message is civilizational and historical , not political . 
  it 's being sullied with this cheap attempt at making political points . 
  otherwise it 's a good representation of a continent 's struggle . 
  he did n't write `` what 's next - legalise the belief in astrology & witchcraft ? '', 
  for you to answer with a question why you should n't be allowed to believe in harry potter . 
  no one forbids you to . 
  your comparison was out of place . 
  because it 's the law . 
  period . 
  the rule of law is the strongest thing separating civilized people from barbarians . 
  if you can clearly see the point in time where you entire bloodline moved to a country , do n't say we for anything before that . 
  an irish-german american who knows exactly at what point in the first half of the 20th century his entire bloodline came to the america ca n't talk of the 11th century native americans and say `` we did this '' or that . 
  he can only talk of from the point the ancestors he knows of came to the land . 
  in your case , the past few decades . 
  before that , everyone in your family tree was in albania ( i presume ) , so when austria ruled the netherlands it was n't there . 
  or do you think a white south african can study the kingdom of the zulus and say `` we did this '' ? 
  can a white canadian look at the pre-colonial history of the natives there and talk of `` we '' , even though they are one nation now ? 
   what do you call ** a bulgarian ** if he was born and raised in spain he 's first generation there . 
  he can say `` we '' for things happening during his life there , as in `` we beat portugal in the world cup '' , but not for things happening in spain 400 years ago , when not one of his bloodline was there . 
  true . 
  but i was talking of the belarussian state . 
  with entirely corresponds with the borders of the lithuanian duchy within the commonwealth , and not some imaginary `` white '' or `` black '' rus . 
  their borders would n't be what they are if not for the duchy , which when integrated into the russian empire preserved its borders , and other than baltic lithuania , remained completely imprinted into those of modern belarus . 
  which of these are names of states the belarussian people can identify with the way they can with the lithuanian grand duchy ? 
  that comment was such a paradox it broke my mind . 
  should ' v used the name `` litva '' though . 
  much more historically relevant . 
  yeah , totally `` we '' ... 
  and if this is all the politicians do in response they wo n't be politicians much longer , as people start voting for others , mainly right-wing . 
  what a useless comment . 
  you ' r the one that gives zero arguments and gets shut up quickly when confronted with the questions , but i 'm retarded . 
  you ' r like a kid in pre-school who tells you you ' r stupid when he 's embarassed he has nothing smarter left to say . 
  pathetic . 
  or telepathically convincing them to stop doing it ? 
  cmon , be real . 
  assasinating or kidnapping a leader like milosevic , with an army guarding him , is n't like doing it to some nuclear scientist . 
  this is the easy , philosophical way of getting away from responsibility and tough decisions . 
  the bottom line is that you are presented with the choice of 1 person dying or 5 . 
  you actively , entirely conciously chose that at the end of this situation there will be 5 dead people , not 1 . 
  it is equal to criminal negligence . 
  what you described is more in line if 1 person is in each track . 
  then who are you to chose which one will die . 
  in this situation however you are n't chosing * who * dies , but * how many * . 
  and if your choice is the higher number , you are comitting a criminal ( morally ) act . 
  if you want to force a state to do something you target its regime and political elite/leaders . 
  who are usually , you know , in the capital , not on the ground `` where things are happening '' . 
  if you do n't pull the lever you should be fucking convicted . 
  yes i would . 
  a flag is not your property , you ca n't destroy other private or public property . 
  buy your own nazi/israeli/whatever flag and burn/tear it to make a point . 
  do n't use what does n't belong to you for that purpose . 
  how do you go from `` benevolent govt . '', 
  to `` organised 9/11 '' ? 
  how simple of a person must you be to only comprehend one of these two possibilities ? 
  yes . 
  what 's difficult to understand in simple math ? 
  lol that shut you up right quickly, 
  there 's unfortunately no case in history for when dictators are stopped this to be done any other way than bombing precisely their capital , not fringe regions . 
  is n't that my point though ? 
  they stopped a genocide that had reached the thousands of killed mark from going into the tens and hundreds of thousands of killed . 
  and did it by killing only ~ 500 serbs . 
  is n't that basically saving lives in the context of an ongoing genocide ? 
  if the rwanda genocide was stopped when it had only killed 100,000 people by a bombing campaign that killed 10,000 - would we persecute and condemn the people who did the bombing campaign ? 
  say they are criminals for killing 10,000 people ? 
  even though that would ' v stopped the other 700,000 we now know died in the genocide because no one intervened . 
  there is no `` legitimate pretenses '' . 
  no such concept has yet been created . 
  in who 's eyes is the war `` legitimate '' ? 
  in saddam 's eyes , that of his party , family and the sunny arab minority that ruled it was illegimitate . 
  go ask the kurds who were slaughtered , in the 200,000 numbers , if it was `` illegimitate '' , and if they are n't absolutely propsering right now in a better wealth than they ' v ever had , and first self-rule in centuries . 
  they praise the day the war began . 
  and so do the majority shia , who were a ruled and persecuted majority on their own land for 1000 years by the sunny minority and by saddam recently . 
  for the first time in history the iraq shia majority rule themsleves rather than be ruled by a sunni dictatorship . 
  ask them if the war was illegitimate or if they 'd rather there still was a saddam in power to lock them by the thousands in prisons and torture just for their faith . 
  or naturally you could ask the sunni arabs , who were themsleves persecuted after the war by the new shia government under nuri al maliki . 
  to them the legitimacy of the war that destroyed their priviliged state was of course different than to the majority shia-kurd . 
  who should i ask then ? 
  you ? 
  get a grip and stop talking about stuff you do n't know about , in a manner akin to kindergarten children . 
  is stopping a genocide that killed thousands , with a bombing campaign that killed a few hundred , the wrong way ? 
  what would be easier and faster ? 
  and how many more would be killed in the genocide if not for the bombing campaign ? 
  would the number be higher in the end than those from the bombs ? 
  are prime ministers and heads of states to serve sentences over the crimes of individual soldiers ? 
  what 's that trying to say ? 
  we ' v gone from `` fighting back '' to accepting the new status quo in one year ? 
  i actually think each new attack motivates more and more europeans to fight back and * not * accept the new situation . 
  which , in a morbid way , is good in my opinion . 
  poland never has had the potential of the netherlands in terms of a very tightly packed population on a small piece of very urbanised land right next to the most populous and developped regions in the world - northern france , west germany , southern england - the blue banana . 
  with the mouths of great rivers like the rhein that lead to the industrial heartlands of the continent . 
  a coastline right on the north sea and the channel , easily connecting to the rest of the world too .
