  and voluntarily co-operate or exclude those not belonging to these . 
  you are not entitled to be given `` equal treatment '' by anyone who does n't want to voluntarily co-operate with you . 
  you ca n't force a private individual to engage in economic activity with you if he does n't want to , there 's simply no such `` human right '' . 
  however , there is a human right to private property and individual liberty when you choose who you communicate with . 
   while electing far right christian fundamentalists and side with western european far right on immigration . 
  sorry this hurts your leftist ass . 
  sorry there 's people standing in your `` progressive '' ( read marxist ) way of destroying european civilization . 
  i want to preserve basic human liberties and shoot those who would impose an authoritarian state that shoots people like me who resist it . 
  had we shot all the marxists in 1930s bulgaria we might have actually saved our country from complete destruction and half a century of totalitarianism . 
  and you will never see me demand the state violate his right as an individual to choose with whom he interacts , economically , socially or otherwise . 
  surprising , i know , but there are those of us who do n't wish to use authoritarian measures of the state to mould the world around us however we like . 
  because you live in a nice socialised housing this makes the argument that the economy would not collapse if all housing became socialised ? 
  how , and do you understand the difference between an anecdotal evidence and an economic argument ? 
  do provide me with an example of all the countries which socialised housing , which did n't collapse economically and socially . 
  we had this type of housing everywhere from eastern europe to east asia and the result is always the same . 
  but i guess these examples are less important than your personal comfort in one such housing . 
  your only argument to force individuals to engage in economic activity with others is that otherwise certain people might be excluded . 
  this is already happening with people being excluded socially , from circles of friends who do n't want someone from another race or religion within . 
  does n't that hurt people ? 
  does n't that excluded them from society ? 
  does n't that segregrate them ? 
  tell me then , by the same logic , why do n't we also force people through the state and laws to engage in social activity with those excluded , if otherwise it also leads to the same negative things you mentioned above :  this just leads to parts of society being hurt and basically bullied . 
   their rights to be treated equally and on their merit will be taken away from them . 
   these are the important rights . 
  you do n't have the right to demand someone give his services , time or friendship to you . 
  every individual is his own master , you do n't rule him , his life or efforts and time . 
  if an individual wants to have no white friends , he has the right to discriminate with whom he engages in social activity . 
  it might be racist and he a prick , but you ca n't force people to engage in activity with people they do n't want to . 
  same applied to all other kinds of activity an individual can engage in - sexual , political , economic etc. 
  to give the state the right to force people into engaging in one activity with people they do n't want to is risking having it one day use that same right to force you to engage in other activities as well . 
  what if we reach a point it is deemed `` racist '' not to have a certain percentage of friends from other races ? 
  and then by the same statist , left-wing logic you apply maybe we should use the state to pass a law that everyone has a given percentage of such friends . 
  if you do n't reach the quote - you are punished . 
  it is a far-fetched example but one fully within the logical bounds of what you defend here - the state forces people to engage with one another for the sake of reducing `` racism '' or something else . 
  or how about we put a line in the sand - we are free individuals and no one can force us to engage in any kind of activity with people we do n't want to . 
  period . 
  if you want a totalitarian state that manages people 's lives move to north korea , do n't move it here . 
  by `` makes sense '' naturally you mean within the logical framework of a marxist thinking , which has failed every single society it has been implemented in . 
  no socio-economic system works better than the free market one and the sooner socialist myths and mentality disappear from the world the sooner we will be able to replicate the insane success of capitalism to take people out of poverty across even more regions . 
  you either respect the freedom of the individual to engage in economic activity with whomever he choses , or you do n't . 
  violating that as a basic human right opens up the precedent for what is eventually marxism and government control of society , which i can tell you from personal experience is horrific and not at all that difficult to reach ones you allow the leftists to keep pushing the powers of the state . 
  no , i stated we are at an impasse because our two positions are as fundamentally opposing as mine would be if i argued with an islamist about slavery and therefore it becomes equally impossible for us to reach a consensus . 
  do you disagree with that statement or do you want to play the victim of an unfair accusation ? 
  ok comrade , maybe we can just dispense with private property to begin with to make people like you happy . 
  no , they do n't `` protect '' anyone because no one is forced to engage in economic activity with said person . 
  they are there to micro-manage society through government control that violates basic human rights established long ago . 
  i gave it as an example of being at a philosphical impass with someone on a fundamental issue , same as we two here are on the issue of private property . 
  i think that was obvious . 
  then we are at an impass same as i would be if i talked to an islamist saying the islamic state ** should have the right to sell slaves ** . 
  sometimes people just differ fundamentally in their views of human liberty and rights . 
  maybe they should , i have no problem with that because i respect private property and managing it however you want as a fundamental human right . 
  you learn to do that after experiencing the nightmare of 45 years of being ruled by people who do n't repsect that human right . 
  what 's racist about defending the right to private property ? 
  lol , discussing philosphy or political studies means learning how racism is great . 
  :d here 's the reason why leftists like you are uneducated in basic concepts . 
  of course the question boils down to whether you accept privat property as a human right or not . 
  same as any other conversation boils down to that person 's personal understanding of what people should or should n't have . 
  i do n't expect an islamist to accept liberty as a human right or women 's rights , same as i do not expect marxists to accept private property as a human right . 
  i merely advocate for the eradication of both these ideologies from our society so we do n't end up with female slaves or government interference into the private matters of an owner , like here . 
  you do n't have the right to a fair treatment because there ca n't be a consensus as to what is fair . 
  for example , discriminating people on the basis of them stinking up your property with curry sounds completely fair to me . 
  you again merely state how things are , not how they should be . 
  the state should n't have the power to regulate who a person wants to engage in economic activity with , as it grants it too much powers over individual freedom of choice , as well as encoraches on what some have considered a basic human right - to own private property and sell/lease it to whomever you choose , not someone else . 
  the reasons being people who do not accept individual liberty and private property as a human right entering government , voted in by people like you . 
  then these same governments use their extended powers to encroach on rights you do n't like and suddenly you cry and wonder how it got there . 
  some brains one must have to keep getting into situations like this but wonder why . 
  you are like a broken record only able to stick to what things * are * in a conversation about what htye * should be * . 
  you seem to lack the ability to defend a point if it is n't written in a law somewhere . 
  in a conversation about the fundamental concept of human rights from john locke to adam smith or the validity of such in the context of a state-individual relations , all you can do is parrot where something is written or not . 
  a course or two at university , especially philosphy or political studies , would do you much good . 
  jesus fucking chirst how many more of you will come to state what the law is in a conversation about what the law * should * be ? 
  are you people seriously that daft ? 
  how many times do i have to write the same thing : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6254ol/britains_biggest_landlord_bans_coloured_people/dfjvgs0/ https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6254ol/britains_biggest_landlord_bans_coloured_people/dfjvqx6/, 
  the intereference we discuss here and my entire comment thread is about is that of whom you interact with . 
  the state ca n't force you to engage in economic or other activity with someone you do n't want , be it using your property or not . 
  i thought he meant he does n't like the smell of regurarly cooking curry , and having to remove it from his properties , not eating the meal itself . 
  should n't a landlord be allowed to rationally manage the risk of damange to his property based on which kind of tennants most often inflict such ? 
  south asians cooking curry that stinks and is extremely difficult to remove from a property is n't `` his prejudices '' , it 's a reality . 
  he 's not discriminating them because they were born with a skin colour , but because of a specific thing they do in his properties that he dislikes . 
  you do realize people are allowed to discriminate based on your actions and there 's nothing `` bigoted '' about disliking the smell of curry ? 
  and at some point back we decided to establish a concept of basic human rights precisely to protect the individual from the state . 
  you are now happy to roll back these human rights and open the door to state interference with individual freedoms because there are social issues you would like to see fixed or prevented . 
  what you should instead do is try social soultions to these social problems , not state solutions that violate human rights we established to protect us from the possible excess of those very same states . 
  the communal response to such a pharmacy is what would destroy its business and force it to abide by basic laws of decency a lot better than a state law and it would achieve the same result without giving the government power over individuals it should n't have . 
  stop looking to the government as a mechanism to solve all social problems . 
  the fact that laws exist that violate the right of private owners to be free from government intereference as to how they manage their property is a fact you keep repeating as if the existance of something wrong validates itself . 
  it does n't . 
  no laws should exist that violate the right of a private owner to decide precisely whom he engages with in economic or other activity . 
  you should n't be able to force me to rent my property to someone i do n't want to - that 's a simple concept people like you seem to have a difficulty grasping . 
  you talk what the situation * is * , in a conversation about how it * should be * . 
  i clearly and fully stated in the other comment here my resons as to why the state ca n't be allowed to encroach on basic human rights , which i accept in the sense of classical european liberalism , and include private property and how you manage it . 
  you can either present your counteraguments as to why the state * should * break these human rights , or not answer at all . 
  just stating the mere fact the states do break these rights today with certain laws is meaningless . 
  you have a fundamental human right to private property and to deal with it as you please . 
  you have fundamental human right to chose who you engage in economic activity with . 
  in both of these you can discriminate however you choose . 
  same as the state ca n't force you to be friends with people you do n't want to be , it ca n't force you to engage in economic activity with people you do n't want to . 
  are you advocating that the state be given the power to micro-manage our societal interactions and enforce people to engage with one another in relations that are deemed `` non-racist '' or `` non-discriminatory '' ? 
  maybe the state can set up quotas as to how many non-white friends you have and punish you if you do n't meet it because then you are being `` a racist prick '' and as you said , you do n't have a fundamental human right to be that ? 
  you speak of how it is , i speak of how it aught to be .
