  in this particular case this does n't matter - the native people of europe do n't care if 100 million africans come fleeing from war , poverty or just because they were bored . 
  it 's the end result that matters - major demographic shifts on this continent will threaten much of what we ; v built - not just material , but cultural , ideological , ethno-linguistical etc. 
  * why * it happens is irrelevant - only * if * it does . 
  yes , i 'm polish , i 'd know about him . 
  it 's just a joke , do n't be a party pooper . 
  i do n't claim knowledge of a complex future , that 's a nice straw man you ' v created . 
  i claim the existance of substantial , well-researched by objective experts such as the un statistics and predictions of that complex future . 
  my only claim is that we should at least take them into consideration . 
  your claim is `` it 's just scaremongering , we do n't even know 10 years in the future , all could happen , no one can know '' - basically any desperate argument for us to ignore the scientific predictions at all costs . 
  naturally , ideology and political leanings hide behind that irrational denial of any and all projections of the future , as always . 
  that 's why i compared you to the climate change deniers , who use the exact same arguments you did above . 
  even denmark can into space before polan . 
  no it does n't , you just do n't have anything else left to say and you know it . 
  thank you for the conversation . 
  population rise alone maybe not . 
  population rise , plus climate change predicitons for the region , plus future soil degradation and water pollution measurements we already have at hand , plus economic growth figures at the moment and future predictions ( showng far slower growth than pop . 
  growh ) , plus pollution statistics , plus eco-destruction , plus a few other such statistics all point to increase , many fold , in both the number and the percentage of people in africa who will seek to migrate . 
  it 's the same exact scientific approach as with climate change or any other research . 
  and your obvious desperate attempt at finding an argument to deny it is the exact same ideological approach as with the climate deniers . 
  `` let 's just ignore the data and hope for the best , because to accept it would put us in the same camp as * them * horrible people '' ( them - liberals and greens in one case ; racists and xenophobes in the other ), 
  i hope , i really do , such solutions are present and exploited . 
  i wholeheartedly want to believe it is possible and it will happen . 
  i will support such efforts . 
  yet i ' v studied history and politics for the better part of my life and all 5 years at university . 
  it all leads me to predict a much grimmer scenario , whereby all such new inventions and methods are only sporadically applied , whilst the overall increase of population and desertification across the third world is jsut too big and too rapid to be affected by a few regional experiments and improvements such as the one shown . 
  no idea what you said . 
  be less vague . 
  are you claiming it would be `` not a negative '' to have tens or hundreds of millions of people move into europe ? 
  precisely what i was saying . 
  you are a smart man . 
  it is n't their duty , it 's just in their interest to help do so . 
  my granddad once filled a whole in the road next to his work . 
  it was n't his obligation/duty to do so , but knowing no one else would do it , it saved him from the potential consequences . 
  now say the same for climate change . 
  `` oh boo-hoo , 30 years ago you greens were saying there 'd be no earth in 30 years , we 're here now , are n't we ? '', 
  it 's about looking at objective predictions and making informed conclussions . 
  the un does n't have a secret `` right wing '' agenda ? 
  do they ? 
  i believe they are a reliable sources , and they ' v claimed africa will quadruple by 2100 . 
  meanwhile , a plethora of scientists have claimed it will also be hit the hardest by global warming . 
  you can close your eyes and say `` none of this matters , it will all be allright '' , or you can try and look at it without thinking `` this suits the political agenda of people i generally dislike and disagree with , therefore i must deny it '' . 
  this sort of political look at information and data is how we end up with people denying obvious scientific conclusions and warnings until it is too late . 
  quadrupling to 4 billion will mean those with the means to leave will also increase by the hundreds of millions . 
  what do we care if there are 2-3 billion too poor to leave , if there are also 800 million * with * the means doing it ? 
  do n't forget , we will remain at around 500 million according to the same un projections . 
  even 100 million coming would be an increadible change and strain . 
  low gdp per capita and poverty push migrants out , not keep them in . 
  you sound like a kid who looked at a map and though how big africa is . 
  you 've no idea how much of it is arable or how much overpopulation at places like nigeria and ethiopia are * already * causing massive shortages . 
  4 billion people there equals entire destruction of the eco-system , complete pollution of the rivers and dessolation of the fertile land through overuse . 
  not to mention the social strife caused by massive poverty , since economic growth is times smaller than population . 
  try and broaden your information a bit rather than just looking at `` how big '' something is on a map . 
  we produce enough food to feed the continent a few times over and we are the world 's largest food exporter . 
  no one will allow even 10 million to move into europe . 
  barely a few hundred thousand at the moment are riling up the people across the continent and pushing them into far-right parties . 
  make that 4-5 million and you 'll have a semi-fascist europe that will send every single illigal back as soon as he sets foot . 
  europe will be overrun by 200-800 million people over our dead bodies . 
  europe is producing enough food to feed 3 times its population . 
  your remark is borderline retarded . 
  the un predicts africa is set to quadruple , to 4 billion by the end of this century . 
  at the same time as experiencing the harshest effects of global warming . 
  can anyone , with a straight face , tell me there are n't any clear indications we will face a wave of millions or tens of millions willing to come to europe , to escape the effects of climate change , of overpopulation , of poverty and of the inevitable civil strifes resulting from the above ? 
  that it 's just right-wing populism and scare-mongering ? 
  european left-wingers increasingly begin to treat this like us climate change deniers . 
  i just like the architecture and bourgeois feeling of the city . 
  italy , greece , hungary and austria are n't syria 's neighbours , nor at a breaking point . 
  they still riot there and demand they go forth to germany . 
   the farmers in europe poste to r/europe, 
  why not ? 
  if millions stay in turkey , lebanon , italy , greece etc. 
  , then does n't that precisely * proove * those who choose to leave for germany and riot in all the transit countries until sent precisely to the one they chose are refugees turned economic immigrants ? 
  best cities in europe in no particular order : 1 . 
  moscow 9 . 
  glasgow 10 . 
  brussels, 
  the farmers in europe , and in france in particular , are a marginally tiny demographic group , with equally tiny economical impact . 
  yet they are among the most fervent political activists , staging constant protests , demanding large subsidies and generally feeling entitled to more than the rest , just becaus they produce food . 
  it 's the 21st century , i am sorry but food production is by far not a key industry and we 've more than enough . 
  farmers should adapt to the market , not demand the state continue support them over the rest indefinitely . 
  not more surprised that tatars were invading poland in 1964 ? 
  russia 's politics are overwhlemningly approved by the people . 
  how can you dislike the politics , but not the people that openly support , encourage and enable them ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/jul/23/vladimir-putins-approval-rating-at-record-levels http://www.nationalreview.com/article/370083/racism-runs-deep-russia-cody-boutilier http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/poll-finds-stalins-popularity-high/476342.html http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/was-stalins-terror-justified-poll-shows-more-russians-think-it-was/518298.html http://www.apnorc.org/projects/pages/html%20reports/public-opinion-in-russia-russians-attitudes-on-foreign-affairs-and-social-issues0401-6253.aspx http://www.apnorc.org/projects/pages/html%20reports/public-opinion-in-russia-russians-attitudes-on-the-economic-and-domestic-issues-issue-brief.aspx http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/poll-shows-russian-attitudes-to-gay-people-are-worse-than-decade-ago/525429.html, 
  how many countries have committed equal ammount of genocides on others and on themselves , whilst simultaniously being a despotic and oppressive regime for 500 years ? 
  which is my history ? 
  that of my polish forefathers - from 966 , or that of my bulgarian flair - from 682 ? 
  respectively almost 1050 years and more than 1300 years . 
  compared to that of your nation , which is russia despite you trying to pass for a german , having barely 500 years of history from when ivan grozny established it by commiting a genocide on the people of novgorod . 
  lol i 'm a slav myself you cretin . 
  that 's like what , the 5th time you try swear at me with the wrong accusation ? 
  pretty pathetic little man you are . 
  eastern europe has one of the most highly negative fertility rates in the world and so do all of its immigrants . 
  `` slavs '' are a disapearing group . 
  africa doubled to 1 billion in the past 30 years and according to un 's 2014 population projection it is set to quadruple to 4 billion by the end of this century . 
  all the while being hit the hardest by the effects of global warming . 
  you honestly think open gates towards it is the same as towards eastern europe ? 
   i actually have a strong distaste i do n't hate , i '' have a strong distaste '' . 
  go ahead and redact another line of mine . 
  disliking a nation for being strongly racist and chauvinistic makes one ... a racist ? 
  :d your kind is very funny .
