   why have any philosophy on life , justice and morality when you can enjoy the wonders of modern mass entertainment . 
  this sentence of mine was not at all about believers and non-believers , but about people who decide to learn about and follow philisophical theories about things like morality , justice and life , and those who do n't because are too busy with the material . 
  since religion is just that - a philosophy about life , justice and morality , among other forms of such philosophies - your claim there 's no sense in following one in the 21st century sounds like a defence of those apathetic ignorants who see no reason to bother with stuff like philosphy and the meaning of life in a world where they can be preocuppied with so many more interresting things like social media or mass entertainment . 
  if these `` fairy tales '' are not taken literary , but as ways to convey a philosophy about life and morality , then they are n't any different from philosophies conveyed through other means . 
  just more difficult , it seems , to understand from certain segments of society whose desire to be as edgy as possible prevents them from grasping the point of them . 
  never claimed they do n't , but as the usual edgy atheist you got ta quickly play the victim and regurgitate the usual claim that religious people think you need faith for morality . 
  all i wrote is religion is a form of philosophy about these things and having one is no different from having a political , secular , progressive , right-wing , left-wing , marxist etc. 
  philosophy . 
  mhm , m ` gentlesir , you do speak the truth if i may say so . 
  why have any philosophy on life , justice and morality when you can enjoy the wonders of modern mass entertainment . 
  i said `` we need one '' and meant with it whatever i meant , not whatever you decided i mean before you got massively butthurt and decided to come show off how `` sane '' you are in your smug , pointless , unproductive manner . 
  go bother others with you attention-whoring and needs to parade whom you do not belong to - this forum is for having constructive debates . 
  since i gave you the definition of a nationalist and nationalism , i believe that ought to be obvious i 'm not saying `` we , the marxists need a far right party ... '' . 
  you got any more pointless nitpicking to do ? 
  those europeans who acknowledge and cherish the existance of separate nationalities , as well as agree that the most stable and devout of social-strife on cultural , religious or ethnic base system is that of the homogeneus nation-state . 
  personal attacks and running from answering arguments again . 
  why even bother argue with someone if he does what you ascribe to me . 
  yes . 
  what you describe is a european nation-state . 
  that 's what a pan-european identity would be needed for . 
  for a european confederation of nations you do n't really need a particurarly deep european identity . 
  a national one is enough , as long as it is coupled with traditional nationalism , which preaches the cooperation between similar nations such as those in europe . 
  we are all on the same continent , we are all historicall christian and often today mostly atheist/secular , we are all the products of greek and roman civilizations , whose core ideas and principles we openly accept . 
  we all speak related languages and have inherited traditions from related past-empires , countries and civilizations . 
  this is more than enough for independent european nations to bond together and ** through ** their ( traditional , mazzinian ) nationalism forge a confederation with a single voice in the world , which leaves the nations to tend to their own `` houses '' as they see fit but empowers them to act together in the world and boosts their science , trade , connectivity , militaries etc. 
  by a close cooperation . 
  far-right * is * nationalism , but nationalism * is n't * necessarily a divided europe - in fact the original nationalism as a systemic political movement championed pan-european co-operation of the nations by nationalists like mazzini . 
  even a european federation was proposed by some 19th and early 20th century nationalists , with strong regional rights of self-government for each nation . 
  nationalism , at its core , simply acknoweldges and celebrates the existance of unique nations around the globe , as well as believes a society will function best - with least social , cultural , religious or racial strife if it 's organised along largely homogeneus national lines . 
  a proposition i believe reality proves right when you compare the level of social strife between states like , say , japan and poland or south africa , france and the us . 
  anyway , without much ranting , traditional nationalism can absolutely be part of a united europe , as long as the form of that union acknowledges the nations , lets them decide on all issues social , cultural and regional whilst promoting economic , military , foreign , scientific , environmental etc. 
  cooperation and giving them a united voice in the world . 
  i wrote none of these arguments , you again run fron any actual debate of what i wrote despite simultaniously trying to address me for some reason . 
  better for a person to stay silent than to waste his and others ' time with personal attacks , putting words in his oppenent 's mouth and quite embarassing attempts to sounds `` edgy '' like your last sentence . 
  the existance of protestants after the council of trent and even more so after vatican ii makes no sense . 
  i must regretfully admit that we ( nor anyone ) will ever match the scope and audacity of macedonian imagination !, 
  you guys are a nation of tolkiens and nothing he ever wrote comes close to the histories you write !, 
  we need a far-right that is not anti-eu and pro-kremlin . 
  if only ... 
  mhm , the usual leftist running from any factual debate by just attacking his opponents personally and not even attempting to discuss the arguments or thesis . 
  quite typical - call em racist and run away . 
  it is the responsibility of communities to integrate , educate themselves and adpot the culture needed to survive in any given state . 
  not that of the particular state . 
  stop with this bullshit statist ideology - long before there was a state structure , paid education , wellfare etc. 
  bulgarians organized their own education , their own economic endeveurs and built a functioning society within the rotting ottoman empire . 
  same thing has happened all over europe - communities have organized themsleves historically to advance , educate and prosper , long before modern wellfare and `` integration policies '' . 
  if the gypsies do n't want to do that themsleves it is their own fault . 
  they should stay poor , unemployed and starving if need be because i do n't want a cent from my taxes going to healthy young people that stay at home and fuck for their 4th kid . 
  that 's the point . 
  they obviously are , yet they do n't mention it for some strange , polit-correct reason , but instead keep referring to them as merely `` romanians '' , making it nonsensical why they are discriminated against in romania . 
  you are mistaken - it was after the balkan wars that the ottomans lost all in europe other than what they have today . 
  how is it not an objective fact that the return of immigrants would have a positive effect on one of the most catastrophically ageing and declining due to 1.3 fertility rate countries in the world ? 
  immigration was part of our history at the time when the people in poland had above 3 fertility rate . 
  hence , no catastrophic ageing of the nation . 
  according to experts dropping below 1.6 fertilty rate is irreversible and ca n't really be fixed before massive ageing occurs . 
  we have 1.3 . 
  yet immigrants going back to poland is n't objectively good , but rather just an ideology ? 
  you seem to be pushing this debate real hard for the sake of arguing . 
  `` water on fire is n't objectively good , just an ideology '' . 
   yet you claim that it would be better if they returned ? 
  nah man , i am pretty sure your country is going to be ok . 3 . 
  those two sentences have nothing in common . 
  yes , my country will be ok in the short term , we 'll see in the long , maybe automation will make it ok . 
  but also , yes , it would be absolutely better if they returned . 
  those are n't contradictory sentences for you to say one over the other . 
  claiming it would n't be better if one of the world 's most ageing nations receives back some of its immigrants makes zero sense and you ' v yet to actually give any argument as to why it `` would n't be better '' - for everything , from the economy to the demography . 
  i am not telling anyone anything . 
  i am stating it is a good thing for my nation to receive some of its people back . 
  that is an objective fact . 
  dispute the fact that it is good or my desire for the good of my nation . 
  do n't try to dispute things i never wrote , like wanting to force people to move or tell them where to live . 
   your weird ideology not wanting my nation to age beyond sustainability and dissapear . 
  mhm , as weird as it gets . 
  how rich or poor a country is is estimated by its gdp per capita , income inequality , average disposable income and prices . 
  not by the total ammount of gdp . 
  not that i argue bulgaria is n't poorer than poland - it is , you are just using the wrong data to show that . 
  none of them are social decisions or even less so - about justice and laws regarding things like rape . 
  which is what we are discussing . 
  i went from the uk ( coventry to be precise ) to bulgaria . 
  what are you on about ? 
  i did it , my girlfriend did it and many of my friends did it . 
  i would n't advise you to bet * your * ass on that statement . 
  unless you ' r into * that * kinda stuff . 
  every country has unemployment . 
  unemployment is not correlated to the ammount of people you have but to the economic growth . 
  a million people could move to a country with unemployment and not increase it since their presence and consumption will create jobs by itself . 
  population growth is a great thing , especially for ageing countries like poland . 
  the ~ 800,000 ukrainians that moved to poland in the past years have n't increased unemploeyment - on the contrary , it reached new lows . 
  that 's how economy works , there is n't a fixed ammount of jobs - the presence of people created new ones . 
  i am sincerely interrested ( not trying to have a fight ) , in someone putin forward the case that such people should not be put to death when their guilt has been 100 % proven like in the above case . 
  or the kind of people like that guy who raped his gf 's 5 month old kid to death , etc. 
  how are these people not monsters to be disposed of ? 
  sofia has nothing to do with the border or the gans , and is not a popular tourist destination in the first place . 
  the demographic survival of my people . 
  britain does n't need them , poland desperately does . 
  at least something good will come out of brexit . 
  promptly charge the syrian refugees with islamophobia , they are too intollerant towards the kind of people and ideology that made them refugees in the first place . 
  every decision is based on emotion . 
  every second a human lives chemicals are released in his brain that form emotions and not a single subject exists or decision can be made by a human without emotions being aboslutely at the center of it . 
  you might think of yourself as a practical intellectual who has transcended `` animalistic '' emotions and is driven solely on the basis of logic like some sort of a machine , but you are n't .
