  it sounds truly pathetic how your only problem here seems to be that * other * countries do n't get called puppets too , and your only argument is that * other * countries are also acting this way . 
  you are n't arguing the point any more - that the uk is acting like us ' puppet in international affairs , but instead just point the finger on others . 
  when you come back after you ' v cooled down a bit and read your comments again you 'll see the flaw in that kinder-garten level reasoning . 
  pardon me , but what * does * a puppet do in your opinion , if not more than anything - follow its master unquestionably to any military conflict he begins , even if that said country itself has zero interrest in that conflict ? 
  there was nothing , zero , at all for the uk to do in iraq . 
  and yet the country sent its soldiers to die there for another country 's geo-political interrests . 
  that 's the very deffinition of a puppet , and the fact `` others did it too '' does n't make sense as an argument . 
  following them to pretty much every single war they ' v started in the past decades , unquestionably , for one ? 
  the netherlands has a higher carbon footprint per capita - 10.1 tons of co2 , compared to poland 's 7.7 , and a much much higher living standard due to not being fucked over by the soviet union for half a century , yet you * dare * condemn the poles for not cripling their economy for the sake of lowering their already lower than yours per-capita emission ? 
  fucking pathetic , get a grip . 
  will russia exist in 2029 ? 
  i spent 4 years in cov . 
  the abundance of chavs made me feel at home . 
  which part of it was reasonable ? 
  the `` terror of the proleatriat dictatorship '' which was meant to use violence openly to keep the order according to marx ? 
  or the socio-political principle of `` from each according to his abilities , to each according to his needs '' - arguably the epitome of social injustice ? 
  cause i ca n't really think of more fundamental pillars of communism than these two , and they are horrible . 
  `` most people '' meaning most in the west . 
  the only reason it 's such a big deal with you is because you put an emphasis on it in your books and history . 
  no one in thailand gives a fuck . 
  and here in eastern europe it 's natural the murder of 15 million slavs will be considered worse . 
  were n't soviet slavs the biggest victims ? 
  in small belarus 600 villages were burned with all of their people by the ss , and leningrad alone saw 1 million civilians killed by the entirely planned starvation of the city . 
  more than 10 million as a whole in the ussr . 
  considering the nazis just put all `` slavs '' as one big group of untermenschen , then are n't the 15 + million slav civilians ( 10 ussr , 3 poland , 1 yugo . 
  etc. ), 
  more than twice the ammount of jewish civilian victims of the nazis ? 
  the `` bulgaria in the eu '' [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5yrati__jku ) from back in 2007 makes it real personal and emotional in my view . 
  how come ? 
  well , [ used to be ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_bulgarian_empire ) . 
  i hate hearing that overused cliche . 
  communism is even worse as an idea . 
  it is among the most unjust social and economical systems devised and would be horrific even if completely achieved . 
  the right to decide what kind of people come to your country is also fundamental to all sovereign states . 
  the right to protect your society from an influx of vilolent and radical ideologies , as is islamic fascism , is also fundamental . 
  if we take steps in protecting ourselves from resurgence of nazism , then we should do the same from islam . 
  they forbade it cause the balkans were their playground for establishing influence and puppets . 
  a joint bulgaria-romania would be capable of independent politics and thus an obstacle to both austria and russia . 
  a viking means pirate or seafarer . 
  it bears no ethnic connotations other than that it is a norse word etmymologically . 
  other than scandinavian vikings there were also baltic vikings , rus vikings , slavic vikings from northern poland/east germany , even irish vikings . 
  archeological finds in sweden show that whilst the vikings from there plundered britain - their own homes were plundered by the slavic vikings from rugen and poland . 
  many treasure burials have been found indicating they would hide theirwealth from the slav vikings before going off to plunder britain . 
  you are literary the only nation in the world that `` kinda '' likes us . 
  it 's not the wars themselves that bulgarians regret , it 's the loss of macedonia , which is viewed as kosovo or bosnia to you . 
  by taking it in 1912 the serbs effectively determined bulgaria would fight all 3 next wars ( 1913 and 2 world wars ) on the losing side to take it back . 
  that might cause some grieavance . 
  two reasons : 1 . 
  `` stole our macedonia in 1912 '' . 
  which made us fight the disastrous 1913 war and all the world wars on the loosing side to take it back . 
  serbs call us tatars and yugoslavia was pretty adamant about imposing bulgarophobic historiography , which still survives in macedonia . 
  til that `` always '' to a german starts in the late middle ages . 
  neither k\u00f6nigsberg , nor any part of prussia was german before the conquest , massacre and colonisation of the local balts by the teutonic knights . 
  you dare accusing the polish of `` stealing '' the land you proudly stole from the locals ? 
  at least the polish did n't obliterate your entire culture into nothing as you did to the now extinct baltic old prussians . 
  while we 're at it - was n't eastern germany non-german , slavic land until pretty late into the middle ages as well ? 
  it would end up that you ' r crying over slavic lands your people stole with drang nach osten and actually still keep half of ... why not give back berlin to its slavic founders , eh ? 
  not best macedonia ? 
  * they * might have a claim on dobrudja ? 
  the hell ? 
  it was our northern dobrudja that was given to them in 1878 by the russians in exchange for taking bessarabia . 
  before that every single bulgarian state , and all states south of the danube historically , included all of dobrudja . 
  in 1886 bulgarian prince had to abdicate . 
  the parliament offered the crown to the king of romania , which would form a union . 
  he refused because the great powers , mainly russia , had forbade one monarch ruling two countries in the balkans . 
  does n't the -15 % include the loss of all the gdp from the donbas , lughans and crimea ? 
  how can * ancient * greece be responsible for * modern * science ? 
  is n't it the product of the enlightment age , in particular the formulation of the `` scientific method '' a few centuries earlier . 
  ( roger bacon ( c. 1214 -- c. 1292 ) , an english thinker and experimenter , is recognized by many to be the father of modern scientific method . ), 
  [ high-end fasion . 
  a male gay couple adopting an already born child is n't increasing the population . 
  which is what the marriage institution solely exists for . 
  why should people who choose to be single have to pay for in their taxes the benefits from marriage that a gay male couple ( or hetero couple ) get just for adopting a child ? 
  the point of the benefits is to encourage reproduction , which is particularly important in eastern europe with our horrible demographic catastrophe . 
  beyond that - marrying for the sake of love or to adopt a kid does n't serve that purpose and should therefore not get my tax money . 
  the doctor and the nuclear physicist get `` according to their needs '' - not much , not less , which happens to be the same as the janitor and the alcoholic lazy unemployed . 
  however , each is demanded to give `` according to his abilities '' - not more , not less . 
  it is why in my country , and the other eastern block ones , the professors and doctors were forced to live in the squalid ugly blocks with the factory workers and miners , with no prospects of any social advancement as a result of their work . 
  no incentive whatsoever remains when you limit people to get `` according to their needs '' , but demand they still nonetheless give `` according to their abilities '' - which is often vastly different from one person to another , whilst their needs remain the same . 
  it was a major source of discontent against the system and equal in people 's desire to destroy it to the oppressive nature of the regimes ( which is also advocated directly by marx ) . 
  both crony capitalism and marxism end up helping the lazy and non-contributing at the expense of the hard-working and intelligent people - the former helping rich people with tax cuts , the latter helping the lazy failures with welfare that puts them on the life standard of a hard-working and ambitious professional . 
  you know the reason - `` marriage '' exists as an institution and a special , state-favoured adn sponsored union for one purpose only - child making . 
  that 's the first , last and only reason states ever in history adopted this institution - to help negate some of the difficulties and risks in creating children . 
  the biggest used to be for the man to leave the woman . 
  hence the binding nature of marriage was adopted . 
  then , after industrialization and urbanisation , when children could no longer be used as farmhands , the financial burden of it was targeted with tax breaks . 
  the entire idea and institution of marriage is simply the state trying to increase the birth-rates by helping with the risks that creating kids bring . 
  it has zero to do with ideals , with `` love '' or whatever hollywood bullshit people associate marriage with . 
  the state does n't give a fuck who you love so as to create a special little institution for you and him . 
  thus the argument of gay people that they deserve marriage because they also love eachother like heterosexual people is non-sensical . 
  hetero people get marriage for the purpose of incentivising them to make kids , not because it 's `` a right '' of theirs or some ideological stuff . 
  therefore the exclusion of gay people is n't ideological one either - it 's practical . 
  you ca n't make kids - you do n't need an institution that is meant to help you make kids . 
  that 's like a blind man getting a driver 's licence - it 's not meant for him , so he ca n't have it and that 's not discrimination . 
  if i cry i 'm discriminated for not getting free breast-cancer support i 'm talking bullshit , because i ca n't get breast cancer . 
  with gay people only lesbians could , potentially , make children and in these cases they may have marriage . 
  the gays who ca n't make children , and also the hetersexuals who ca n't or do n't want to , should n't be given marriage benefits . 
  it does n't make sense and it is discriminatory against those who do n't marry . 
  i know of all the benefits given to couples . 
  my question was why is that so ?
