  correct . 
  and will probably remain so even after the strike , since our own truckers and producers have vowed to block it themselves at the height of the greek tourist season as payback for their own losses by the greeks who routinely have been blocking our border for some reason when striking . 
  we take that this is the only case . 
  if such , your answer to their meddling in the sovereignty of ee countries is to ask '' how exactly abm defence system would help ee countries '' . 
  not to ask why russia thinks it has the right to meddle in their sovereigny - no , to ask how this is good . 
  the answer is - it 's irrelevant . 
  russia has n't got the right to deny sates ' sovereignty '' * as long as it does in cases that are n't good for those states * '' . 
  even if a thing russia is meddling because is horrible , of no use to , say , estonia , it still has zero right to deny that country 's right to do it to itself . 
  it 's internal issue , dealing with stuff on estonia 's soil - as talin does n't tell russia what systems to use , where to puts its bases or how far away from estonia 's borders to place its radars or missile , so too moscow has zero right to any of this in estonia , or any other state 's affairs . 
  it most certainly is n't the only case . 
  you must either not be local or be russophilic , because the meddling has been constant for the past 3 centuries . 
  in the past 25 years it is not just the case of that particular system . 
  first it was in how the communist regimes were to fall or transition . 
  moscow directly interfered in the transition of many such states , including mine , helping the local communsit nomenlcature to keep a lot of power and launder state money , to transform into the current red oligarchy . 
  then it directly interfered in the nato negotiation process , treating eastern europe as some sort of `` backyard '' it has , that has no right to join alliances on its own accord . 
  only after these states had told it to fuck off and joined nato nontheless did the issue you bring up come and * still * russia thinks it has the right to say what those nato members may or may not do . 
  same with placing nato bases in e.europe , which moscow also objects to as if it has the right to tell poland or the baltics what bases to have on their soil , whilst arming kalinigrad to the teeth . 
  other examples are abound - from sabotaging state attempts to diversify their russian energy dependence by buying off entire governments ( our socialist gvmnt last term ) , to thins as small as where soviet army monuments are to go . 
  they literary think they can have a say in local city architecture in eastern states , but people like you ask where they are meddling ? 
  what does the abm defence system have to do with what i wrote ? 
  adress the claims i make , not the ones others with similiar positions to mine have made . 
  ee countries demand power inside their own states - to have their own sovereignty respected , not to take that away from other states . 
  russia on the other hand demands their imagined `` right '' to meddling in the sovereign states of ee to be respected . 
  they demand they have a say in what happens in those countries - whom they join , what troops train or stantion there etc. 
  no one demands the same of russia . 
  so your comparisson is moronic - on one side countries defending their right to own sovereignty , on the other a country defending its `` right '' to limit others ' sovereignty . 
  was that german gold inside of them ? 
  or taken by the people of poland or the rest of eastern europe ? 
  meh , kinda watery . 
  potato 's the goooood stuff . 
  can eat nothing but potato all life . 
  and drink it in vodka form . 
  potato is love , potato is life . 
  i do n't think anyone who 's not your neighbour can really be your military enemy . 
  what 's russia gon na do ? 
  invade you ? 
  meanwhile people actually fight and die in the israel-palestine conflict . 
  is poland described in russia as a leader of an anti-russia european alliance ? 
  that 's the first time i hear poland described as a leader . 
  cmon , seriously not palestine ? 
  is there any anti-bulgaria feelings there as well ? 
  like what do the most-paranoid nationalist make up as a threat from our side ? 
  too much rose and tobacco produce ? 
  european solidarity after all . 
  argos feel more european than the british do . 
  seriously ? 
  not the us ? 
  or at least turkey ? 
  how 's poland rivaling you on the global stage ? 
  in syria for example ? 
  should i hate the mongols then ? 
  hence balkan wars - all 3 of these empires cover more or less overlapping lands . 
  the balkans are only considered in pop-culture as `` volatile '' because of yuogslavia 's breakdown and that the first world war started there . 
  objectively , they had none of the massive wars of the last 500 years due to ottoman occupation , and then after liberation they had a bunch of very small wars . 
  the serb-bulgarian war of 1885 had like 4000 people dead . 
  the two balkan wars ( 1912-1913 ) even pale in comparisson to european wars . 
  the napoleonic clusterfuck , the sever years war , the 30 years war , the crimean war etc. 
  - europe has been far more bloody and volatile in the past 500 years than the balkans . 
  got ta invite us , the serbs , the greeks , the lithuanians , the swedish and the portoguese . 
  and if they had n't discovered fire constantinople would n't burn . 
  those type of `` what if 's '' are pointless in history . 
  how do you know they would n't target constantinople , when the whole point of sacking it was for the venetians to destroy their trade rival in the east med . 
  and aegean , as well as open the door the the black sea ? 
  if you actually read the preceeding history you will see the decades prior were full of conflict between them - culminating in a massacre of thousands of catholics in constantinople . 
  the sack did n't just come out of nowhere - the clash between venice and the empire was on for a while and was a matter of time before venice organises an expedition of some kind . 
  the fact that they highjacked this particural crusade does n't mean the vatican is to be blamed - it had been organising crusades against the islamic invaders for 100 years prior , initiated with the very purpose of helping constantinople , not take it . 
  the 4th one got overtaken by the venetians cause they had the ships , and used for their secular , mercantile goals . 
  that makes it a purely venetian crime , and one which the papacy tried their best to stop and then punished those who did it with excomunication . 
  hence , i fail to see why any further papal apologies are needed . 
  if anyone * has * to apologize after 800 years , it 's closer to ask the secular heirs of venice - the italian state or the city/municipality for an apology . 
  naturally that would look ridiculous to most people , yet the vatican doing it does n't , cause with the limited pop-history knowledge they have medieval times is all just a bunch of crusades by the vatican out of religious zeal - no various parties , no secular rulers and interests , no geo-politics , economy and simple , human reasons like we have today . 
  the initiated a crusade for egypt , never a crusade for constantinople . 
  the hell 's a hue doing here ? 
  i ' v heard it many times from internet turks to defer any accusations towards the ottoman empire as not bearing on the turkish today since the empier was supposedly a multi-national , multi-ethnic formation where many different people took decisions , fought and ruled . 
  but when it comes to its glory the same internet turks completely present it as `` us turks conquering the world '' . 
  i will admit i ' v only seen it from facebook turks , on places like polandball , so the bottom of the barrel , but still not like it 's uncommon . 
  you are histerically and emotionally throwing personal accusations without at all discussing the events i listed . 
  did the pope excomunicated the crusaders after they sacked zara , and before they even got to constantinople or not ? 
  it 's a simple question , do n't go off listing any event related to that you can think of from school all the way to kaloyan , just answer plain and simple , as you seem to still insist you ' v any idea on the matter . 
  were the people who sacked constantinople excomunicated before it happened ? 
  what am i reading ? 
  any basic summary of the events , google it or get any book at all on the subject - a crusade was called by the vatican for egypt , but when the ventians forced them to sack a christian city to pay for their ships , the pope cancelled the crusade and threatened to excomunicate any who continued . 
  about half left . 
  those who did continue were excomunicated . 
  it was from that point on no longer a crusade , but an excomunicated band of soldiers looking for any target to loot to pay the venetians . 
  so they went for constantinople . 
  it was a secular military endeveur by the venetians to destroy their main trade competitor , nothing to do with the vatican or the crusades . 
  when they were sacking it they were not even catholics , yet alone crusaders sanctioned by the vatican , for the vatican to have to apologize to anyone . 
  please try and research , even on a basic level , things you post about . 
  it 's embarassing to us other bulgarian redditors . 
  they were n't crusaders . 
  a crusade is sanctioned by the vatican , this one was excomunicated , precisely for sacking a christian city . 
  read up at least a short paragraph on the events before repeating `` pop-history '' myths . 
  it 's embarassing to open a thread on a topic you seem to know nothing about . 
  why is the pope apologizing for what excommunicated , secular forces did ? 
  the 4th crusade was called by the vatican with the aim of muslim egypt . 
  it was momentarily excomunicated at the sack of the very first christian city in dalmatia . 
  all members , who wanted to remain in the church , catholic , immediately left . 
  those that continued were no longer catholics , by both their choice and official papal excomunication . 
  what they did from there on is a secular , independent decision .
