  the same person who builds his personal palaces in illegal enclaves of lukoil on the seaside ? 
  from the same party that steal billions through the energy deals ? 
  in the same country where leaks show the prime minister sending orders to the high court via text messages or putting a political umbrella over a certain `` beer '' industrialist , and nothing happens to him ? 
  where historic national buildings are sold off for no money at all to companies legally `` owned '' by teenagers to be destroyed ? 
  our state is seeping with corruption and that drives all investment away . 
  in january of this year we hit a record low of foreign direct investment , at the same time that romania experiences an economic miracle of over 6 % gdp growth and insane investment after they cracked down on the corruption , from which ~ 700 million euros have been collected . 
  meanwhile , not a single bulgarian politician in jail . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  i am among the least people who shit on my country , i always try to be as positive about it and very , very proud . 
  i promote bulgaria wherever i can because it is an amazing country , which is why i chose to come back after graduating and living in the uk and belgium for 7 years . 
  i plan to live here and to raise my kids here , hence i want it to prosper . 
  there is no greater problem , nothing , other than corruption . 
  from it all other problems stem - lack of investment , lack of proper gov. 
  fund management , massive emigration , horrible management of healthcare , education etc. 
  only if we kill that beast like they did in romania can we save our country , so people like you who turn a blind eye to this tumor are extremely detrimental . 
  it 's actually better people like you are the ones who leave , than stay and help the mafia/oligarchy by spreading the lies that `` corruption is n't actually that bad '' . 
  i do n't understand your reasoning . 
  what do you mean `` it would be nice '' ? 
  the catholic church exists for the purpose of keeping a particular ideology , called christianity . 
  nothing else . 
  not to `` be nice '' , not to accomodate people and their desires . 
  it 's like a private club of people who agree with some idea . 
  you think they should suddenly drop or go against some part of that ideology , just because it would be `` nice '' for people who would potentially want to marry inside that church , despite having the ability to do so elsewhere ? 
  that just does n't make much sense to me . 
  it `` would be nice '' if a vegatarian convention served meat as well , in case carnivores like me went there too , but it 's completely stupid to demand or insist they should do that . 
  a vegentarian convention is for vegetarians , do n't go there expecting meat - the catholic church is for catholics , simply do n't be part of it if you expect things catholic dogma does n't accept . 
  simple as that . 
  live and let live , being [ the current year ] does n't mean every single faucet of society has to 100 % converge and equalize with every other . 
  if it annoys you there are clubs , organizations or private gatherings of people who do n't 100 % agree with your own opinions and you demand they change , you are the bigot here . 
  do n't trigger me . 
  ah , ok , you are joking . 
  i thought you were being serious about the catholic church having to do gay marriages for some reason . 
  they can have state marriages for that . 
  i asked why would the catholic church , specifically , practice something that goes directly against its doctrine of marriage as a union of man and woman ? 
  i am generally fond of the `` cute '' backwardness we demonstrate across the balkans in many areas , but when it comes to two things we dominate i feel sincerely , physically disgusted : our corruption and our insane smoking . 
  austria pioneered the `` enlightened absolutism '' , with monarchs who championed the values of rationalism and education , as opposed to their other absolutist contemporaries - the tsarist `` samoderzhavie '' , ottoman theocracy , prussian militarism or french feudal absolutism . 
  so austria was by far the most progressive of its large contemporaries . 
  we already did the trump wall before it was cool ( did n't make turkey pay for it though ) , so what more can we do ? 
  a second one ? 
  as a pro-eu person i still absolutely agree . 
  can someone explain to an economics-ignorant bulgar ( sorry , studied history instead ) what are the drawbacks and positives of bulgaria joining the euro in , say , 3 or 4 years ? 
  and which are more . 
  hence why we hate and blame the russians for our loss of dobrudja , as opposed to you . 
  montenegro is for the serbs what macedonia is for bulgaria . 
  was he wrong ? 
  why would gay marriage be allowed in the catholic church ? 
  gib back thraaaace malakaaaa or do n't . 
  do n't care really . 
  there is nothing racist in claiming certain historic states or civilizations had a detrimental effect . 
  is it racist towards russians to claim the ussr would ' v turned western europe into a `` shithole '' if they conquered it post ww2 ? 
  no , it 's an objective conclusion based on what they did in their territories . 
  same with the ottomans . 
  their effects of culturally and technologically isolating their lands from the advancement of the west led to a horrific stagnation here in the balkans , whereas before their arrival the region had some of europe 's most advanced states . 
  ( byzantine empire , second bulgarian empire , serbian empire ) it is an objective conclusion an ottoman conquest of central or western europe would siginifcantly hold progress and development in these regions . 
  not even mentioning islamisation of these regions , creation of religious minorities turned ethnic ( like the bosniaks ) , and general `` fucking up '' of the region on ethnic , religious , cultural and economic lines as they did in the balkans . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  when ? 
  to many turks `` the historic truth '' is that they first discovered america and built a mosque there . 
  to many japanese `` the historic truth '' is that their army conducted itself with honor and dignity during the 1930s and ww2 , commited no attrocities and things like `` the rape of nanking '' are a chinese lie . 
  to many russians `` the historic truth '' is that the ussr was an entirely defensive and egalitarian society that never attacked anyone and never persecutted people . 
  i can go on forever . 
  saying `` well , to someone * this * is the historic truth so shut up '' is a meaningless and anti-intellectual statement . 
  we ca n't ever know 100 % the historic truth , but we can get pretty close using documents and evidence . 
  what those two tell us about macedonia is that such a national identity did not exist there ~ 70-80 years ago and the vast majority of the slavs identified as bulgarians . 
  from the plebiscite to join the bulgarian patriarchy , to the over 80 % bulgarian language schools set up by the locals voluntarily whilst still inside the ottoman empire , to the ottoman archives and census themsleves ... on the other side of these arguments we have people who claim they invented the entire hellenic civilization , gave the name of venice and london , created modern europe and are all descendands from alexander . 
  excuse me if the ammount of evidence tilts significantly towards one end and it is n't the one that builds all the gold statues over skopje . 
  the slavs in macedonia identified as bulgarians ~ 80 ago , far sooner than 200 . 
  my great-grandfather is from ohrid and volunteerd in the bulgarian army during ww2 . 
  bulgaria is the first country in the world to recognise this independence 25 years ago . 
  i wish more macedonians remembered that before cursing the `` bugari-tatari '' . 
  it is only true if he meant precisely that - `` we '' as in `` my family , which i know has direct dacian roots '' . 
  if he meant `` we - the romanians '' , i refer you to my original response . 
  so if you honestly believe he talked of his own family and not of the romanians - i congratulate you on this glorious internet victory . 
  you are correct . 
  the guy obviously meant the personal leneage he knows for a fact traces to the dacians , and not an obvious implying of `` we the romanians '' . 
  you win . 
  on the contrary , bulgarians absolutely always make a very good distinction between the thracians who lived here in antiquity , the slavs who came in the 6th century , the bulgars who came in the 7th , and only then ... `` we '' - the final product of the mix of all of the above + accepting christianity in the 9th century + inventing the cyrillic alphabet . 
  i assure you there is a very clear understanding that `` we '' are the modern ( later than 10th century ad ) product of all of those previous peoples , with each of whom we have so little in common seperately that no one here * ever * says `` we '' about the thracians , or the slavs , or even the bulgars . 
  a modern day bulgarian is orthodox/atheist , writes in cyrillic , has an allegiance to a state called bulgaria . 
  a 2nd century thracian has none of these , so we can never say `` we '' did this or that in the 2nd century despite genetically being the closest to the thracians than to the other groups . 
  they are our ancestors , but definitely not `` we '' in any other way . 
  unlike romanians who love mixing dacian with romanian freely , despite your nation being as much if not even more so the product of a very large number of people and cultures that came long after the dacians . 
  the * polish * concentration camps ? 
  dude , number 12 in the entire world , for a tiny country of 7 million and the poorest in the eu - it 's an amazing score . 
  we 're ahead of bloody germany , or the us , or uk , or south korea , sweden , denmark etc. 
  our much , much richer greek neighbours with 10 million people are two times behind us . 
  romanians * are * slavs , dacians , hungarians , avars , goths , saxons , jews , bulgars and many others who settled and mixed in that region . 
  genetically there is little difference between modern romanians and all their neighbours , be it slavic or hungarian in language . 
  yet to say `` romanians '' did this or that in the 2nd century is absurd . 
  it 's like talking of what `` the poles '' did in the 3rd century when the goths lived in modern day poland . 
  or what `` the swiss '' did in the 1st century bc . 
  sure , modern swiss have a direct lineage to the people of helvetia 2000 years ago , but those people were n't what we call today swiss . 
  the romanians of today have some blood connection to the people of dacia , but added to that the blood and culture of so many peoples that arrived there later . 
  romanian : 2nd century `` we '' top kek, 
  individuals of which culture ? 
  that 's my point . 
  what he 's saying is still right and does n't mean he 's a racist . 
  racists also drink water , hence if i see you do it i will be equally correct to assume you `` act like a racist '' . 
  nato, 
  there 's one even further east , it 's called cyprus .
