  more relevance , more power , more money in the long term . 
  but for my ethnic group - the bulgarians , it would be a catastrophe as it would lose the historical majority it has had here , in our own lands , and graudally become marginalized . 
  the people you talked to in england i presume had the same rationale as they identify with the local english ethnicity , product of various tribes in medieval ages ( saxons , picts , jutes etc. ), 
  moulded into an ethno-cultural group by christianity , the english kingdom and various histoical events and processes that happend in the past 1000 years . 
  when you talk to them about mass migration into england you need to understand that they do not share your identity with a mere inanimate state object of geo-politics called `` the uk '' - they identify as part of the ethnic group which was born on those lands , has been the majority since its birth , and is now for the first time in the history of its existance threatened to lose that to massive ammounts of people arriving and not assimilating , but rather establishing `` colonies '' of their already existing elsewhere ethno-cultural groups . 
  i thought this was a constructive conversation with a person who has a well-thought out and complex reasoning for his position . 
  you just seem to have the basic `` immigration always happened , it 's good ; nations are bad '' mentality . 
  simplistic , them good , us bad . 
  you avoid any of the various reasons i give you for the existance of different societies . 
  why should all societies be the same ? 
  why should you implement a completely globalist system rather than let different societies choose different demographic and social organisations , based on which we can observe and learn ? 
  there is no reason from you . 
  just `` immigration has always happened , you ca n't stop it '' - an entirely meaningless statement in this context , as we do n't talk about immigration or no immigration . 
  we talk about massive demographic replacement or not - something that has n't actually happened all that often in history and so happens was always a huge mess . 
  in 40 years the population of france that is n't indigeneus european skyrocketed from less than 1 % to about 13 % at the moment . 
  40 years are like a small moment in history . 
  this is n't `` normal '' . 
  it has n't `` always been happening '' . 
  last time france had such a massive change in its demographic composition was during the early medieval ages when the franks moved in in the 6th century and then normans did that in the 9th . 
  anyway , i might be wasting time writing all these things as you do n't seem to actually have an interrest in defending your positions with theoretical and long-term arguments . 
  have a good day . 
  the countries are n't . 
  but the people are still bombarded with `` solidarity with greece '' articles and news all the time , even in our media , and in all kinds of forums even if they are n't exclusively for the eurozone . 
  like this one . 
  which has had something like a few hundred posts evoking empathy about the tragedy of greece 's austerity in the past few years , as if a rich country becoming less rich is a disaster of some sort . 
  that 's why the diversity of our planet is a wonderful thing . 
  there are societies of almost every kind that exist and one can freely choose to live in whichever model he likes . 
  for example , if you do n't like an ethno-cultural group to be the majority in a country they have created for themselves and not other groups , if you prefer a diverse multicultural and mutliracial society - there were plenty such created recently in the americas . 
  those young , post-colonial countries are founded on that principle and if you move there you can enjoy a society built on a constantly changing demographic through mass migration . 
  you can also move to ethno-cultural societies with established groups and little demographic change , but who live within the same country in a form of confederation . 
  nigeria , ethiopia , india , spain are all like that . 
  then there are nation-states created by a single ethno-cultural group , for that specific group . 
  that 's why they gave the name of that group to the country - bulgaria from the bulgarian ethnic group , poland from the polish etc. 
  unlike `` united states of america '' , `` espana '' or `` hindustan '' - names that do not represent a single ethnicity like in the ethnic nation states . 
  the existance of such countries gives people a further , third option of organization . 
  and i believe it is vital for humanity to be constantly experimenting with various forms of organization . 
  only experimentation can show which results are best . 
  it 's therefore good to have societies of all kinds - a homogeneus denmark , a heterogeneus lebanon , and a colonial-style immigrant society like the us . 
  we can then objectively observe which fare better and what effects the demographic basis of each society has on its various functionings . 
  instead radicals of all kinds want the world to conform to their one exact type of organization . 
  nazis want `` racial purity '' and homogeneization in each society . 
  cultural relativists want complete `` diversity '' in each society . 
  and both groups are ready to force those societies that do not agree with them , claiming as you did above that the defending group is actually causing the trouble . 
  `` why ca n't these people just accept my version of the world instead of causing troubles ? 
  i 'm just asking them to give up their way of life and social organisation they ' v had for centuries . '', 
  so , as i wrote , i hope at some point these radicals will stop trying to force their desired fundamental societal changes onto people , causing wars and conflicts . 
  the vast majority in europe are very much ok with having ethno-cultural societies who presere a degree of homogenity . 
  it is therefore you who causes the conflict if you try to take away from them the fundamental social organisation they ' v had up until now . 
  of course , you can have your ideas . 
  others believe there should be no private property as no person has the right to accumulate wealth . 
  others still believe there should be no freedom of expression as it offends god . 
  there are cultural relativists who think borders are a crime and all people from all over the earth should be able to go live wherever they want , and this will have no negative consequences . 
  plenty of various opinions out there . 
  and every once and a while we fight wars and civil conflicts over them . 
  usually when one group of new `` revolutionaries '' decides they must take away another groups perceived right to something - be it to private property ( the marxists revolutions and civil wars ) , be it their communal , ethnic or national property - as we will most like experience this century if your type of `` globalist revolutionaries '' continue to take away the perceived right of european ethno-national groups to the land they inhabit . 
  as a historian i accept this . 
  the wheel of history just keeps turning and things repeat , always . 
  we had to fight to preserve our perceived rights to an independent country against the empires that occupied us . 
  then we had to fight to preserve our perceived rights to private property and free enterprise against the marxists . 
  now we will have to fight to preserve our perceived right to exists as an ethno-cultural group and majority on the land where we formed as such . 
  i just wonder if at some point radical revolutionaries will stop causing wars and social conflicts with their recurring every few decades newfound desire to take away some right , individual or communal , they have suddenly decided should n't exist . 
  so you either consider that : 1 . 
  two wrongs make a right or 2 . 
  it is n't wrong to demographically replace an existing population because its far away ancestors did the same . 
  hence we institute the legality of `` historical guilt '' and communal punishment . 
  i fail to understand this comparisson , considering the chief reason muslim migration towards europe is a problem is the threat of having a negative , highly regressive and anti-liberal minority at first , and a demographic replacement in the long term . 
  people simply do n't want a large muslim minority as they do n't see the benefit from this change into their society , and even less so a muslim majority , considering europe 's falling population as opposed to the world 's massively increasing muslim one . 
  terrorism and crime scare is just a way to spread the opposition towards muslim migration into europe . 
  not the cause of it . 
  demographics is the cause of it . 
  the crime arguments against mass migration is indeed quite stupid , but you should understand that it is n't the reason most of these people oppose mass migration , rather merely one they give because they think it will attract more people to their side , instead of explaining the actual one of not wanting to be slowly replaced demographically . 
  it just does n't sound as `` sexy '' and `` shocking '' to talk of the inherent right of every indigenous group of people to be the majority on their own land . 
  wow that 's like super gay man, 
  in what way is the change of a native population of a european country good ? 
  i truly hope your optimistic view of a declining population is true , as the massive decline in ours is seen in almost apocalyptic terms in our society , and i personally s truggle to find a silver lining . 
  portugal is at the bottom 3 fertility rates in europe , lower than all of central/western europe . 
  what source for your `` large families '' claim ? 
  so are we allowed , in accordance with the technical data , to call romanians peasants ? 
  now try to do the same with bulgaria or romania and greece , tell us why we should give a rat 's ass about `` the tragedy '' of a few yeras of austerity for a nation 2 times richer than us , when we ' v had complete `` austerity '' for 25 years now . 
  not the communist experience but the lack of a colonial history did this . 
  we owe people from africa or asia nothing . 
  on the contrary - here in the balkans they owe us , for centuries of invasions ( arabs , mongols , turks ) , and 500 years of ottoman colonialism . 
  i am blond and green eyed , yet i refuse to be part of the `` white guilt '' that says an entire race is a historical villain against other races . 
  a load of self-hating liberal bullshit . 
  enforcing borders does n't equal considering yourself superior . 
  on the contrary , the idea that europeans do n't have the right to a border and societies of their own , where they only let those whom they choose to , is a particurarly racist one . 
  i still fail to see an argument from you why european countries such as italy should n't be able to completely enforce their borders , send anyone who tries to break them away and only choose who to let in legally themsleves . 
  you go on a tirade of attempts to somehow negate my very basic , theoretical arguments about * every * nation 's right to have borders by using my nationality . 
  you throw wealth in there too . 
  all of this put together gives off the clear indication you have other issues in your head that influence your entire position on the border question and therefore you are unable to speak of it without also opening those other topics , such as wealth inequality or a rather left-wing understanding that if people do not share their wealth they somehow loose other rights , such as having a border . 
  please understand not everyone has a large ideological background to each position of his and some topics can be discussed alone . 
  here i choose to discuss the very basic , clear issue of nations having borders they have the right to enforce . 
  stick to this please , do not try to drag me into an overall ideological dispute about wealth or even more so - stoop to the extremely low level of using my personality or origin as an argument . 
  because borders are n't above human lives we do not shoot people who try to break them or sink their boats . 
  we can just stop them and send them back . 
  what they choose to do is not our responsibility . 
  where they choose to come from is n't either . 
  you ca n't turn the border guard into a charity organisation which takes people breaking the border and starts planning their entire future life - where is safe to send them , how to take care of them etc. 
  this is n't the responsibility of the border guard , nor of anyone in europe . 
  enforce borders , send people back , operate embassies around the world to let legally anyone eligible and desired here .
