no it just confirms to the kremlin that they do n't have to worry about using spies against their neighbours . 
  if those get caught - all the got ta do is kidnap someone from those countries and swap him for their spy . 
  with circa 100 people owning 30 % of all wealth in russia and an establishment that is single-handedly run for 15 years now by these 100 people through their chosen representative , having full control of all media and crushed all opposition , russia ca n't be considered a nation state anymore , it 's a feudal energy fiefdom . 
  and our large portions of coke or fries at fast food restaurants are nowhere near the required industrial bucket size . 
  1885 never forget . 
  always the one that mass murders civilians . 
  so both the us and the kremlin . 
  the serbs come close too . 
  so us aggression in one place on the globe makes russian aggression on another - less `` aggressive '' ? 
  how is the kremlin not the aggressor in the prague spring for example ? 
  sorry , would n't know what to do with her . 
  not all of us are as experienced with fatties as someone from the us like yourself . 
  oh cmon with the exaggerations , i firmly believe this whole conflict will be over by christmas !, 
  it always does , right ... 
  oh no please , not you of all people , how will i sleep now . 
  it has all to do with the creation of the nation states during the 19th and 20th centuries . 
  homogeneus nation states vs. multi-national empires is the very core of the struggles of european peoples from the napoleonic wars , to ottoman breakup , through the revolutions of 1848 , to the first world war , second world war , yugoslav wars and soviet breakup . 
  yep . 
  also compulsory education , works of art evoking national conciousness , common national efforts in wars and peace time struggles , revolutions , uprisings , acceptance of prevaling traditions , norms and ideas and much more . 
  thanks to all that there is minimal racial , cultural , religious or ethnic conflict in countries like japan , south korea , poland or hungary , compared to south africa , nigera , syria , the us etc. 
  are we to regrett that our ancestors gave us such stable , homogeneus societies and instead replace it with the unnecessary troubles of multi-racial , multi-religious and multi-cultural ones ? 
  for the sake of what ? 
  appeasing the utopic dreams of leftists ? 
  give me one example on what has japan `` missed out '' by being homogeneus ? 
  what does it lack that the britain for example has thanks to being diverse , and how is it worth the social trouble japan has omitted . 
  the tens of millions dead and the ruin of the entire unsustainable socio-economic experiment into a near-failed state in the 90s , proto-fascists state with an hiv and alcoholism epidemic today sure sounds like a `` net positive '' . 
  from a rapidly modernising nation that the germans feared will outpace them economically forever by 1918 if they do n't fight it sooner , to a regional power with the economy of italy and the life expectancy of bangladesh . 
  from the cultural capital of europe that produced some of its greatest artists and had elites flock to the balls at peterburg , to an isolated society of chauvinism , revanchism and hate of europe that produces more conspiracy nuts and proffesional trolls than artists . 
  the revolution destroyed russian society and future . 
  had the russian empire survived they 'd be a larger version of germany today . 
  instead they are a larger version of albania . 
  not in dobrudja , and there are n't border checks on romanian bridges on the danube in dobrudja . 
  it 's much faster to go from turkey to romanian dobrudja and into romania proper than all the way around bulgaria through greece , mac , serbia and into ro . 
  but you got ta go through macedonia as well , adding two more borders - gr-mac ; mac-ser ; ser-ro . 
  otherwise they jsut cross from turkey or greece to bulgaria and then to romania . 
  yep . 
  what nation states were evolving towards for centuries . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  why ? 
  one ca n't change his race nor is the race determining how he acts . 
  culture however does . 
  it 's in people 's culture to mutilate their children 's genitals , not their race , and if i do n't want that practice in my country it * is * entirely different from not wanting just a particular skin color in my country . 
  heep spewing all the hate you can dig at the western cronies without answering the question you ' v been avoiding the whole time i ask you - why are you defending the russian and e.european oligarchs and thievs all the time ? 
  you only answer that the western ones are worse because of this this and this . 
  does n't explain why you actively defend in other threads the ones who directly steal from us in e. europe or russia , even if we were to accept your bullshit that they `` steal less '' . 
  from the article : `` putin further tapped into nostalgia for the soviet union by handing out `` hero of labor '' awards during a kremlin ceremony after the march . 
  the awards , which were created under dictator josef stalin and disappeared along with the soviet union , were reinstated last year . '', 
  my logic is that europe is nowhere near as corrupt as russia , evident by any research ever made into that subject . 
  much more money is collected accordingly from taxes , and then spent accordingly , than in russia , where corruption eats out a chunk of state revenue so big , that despite being a rich country with unmeasurable resources its people live ten times poorer than in western europe . 
  precisely due to corruption . 
  it 's your own bias that does n't allow you to admit that , because your blind emotional attachment to russia can never allow you to admit something bad about it , especially in comparisson to the west you hate . 
  [ sure it 's made up ] ( http://cache4.asset-cache.net/gc/170982774-red-square-moscow-nov-1977-soviet-troops-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&amp;c=iwsasset&amp;k=2&amp;d=gkzz8bf5zl1ziijumxa7qq8vghumb6fho61pfwejaacx6tfjbluvz4eemmky%2bqbk ) horrible western propaganda , russia good , russia no soviet , shut ur bullshit western mouth or i cry !, 
  yet you seem to hate them with a passion whislt strongly supporting the ones who directly steal from e. europe and russia in the first place , as you ' v repeatedly defended the clique of oligarchs around putin that steals billions from the russian people . 
  gini measures income inequality between the entire social strata , and shows the us is has a lot of economcial groups with various levels of income . 
  russia on the other hand has a relative equality between the majority of people , at the bottom , and then an ennormou spike of percentage of wealth owned by just a few hundred people . 
  thus making it less unequal between the poor ( who make up most ) , yet vastly more concentrated in terms of where large chunk of the country 's wealth is . 
  like i said - a fiefdom - most own little , a tiny group owns most . 
  in the us the same equivalent of wealth controlled by just 100 people in russia is between a couple million people . 
  which is relevant to what i wrote how ? 
  the establishment does that - whilst putin is kissing icons at church and then goes on to host parades with lenin and stalin portraits whilst speaking fondly of the ussr . 
  polls show more than 80 % of russian support him and his ideas . 
  because there is a narrative of the establishment that is simultaniusly [ `` ultra orthodox '' ] ( http://www.newsweek.com/putins-god-squad-orthodox-church-and-russian-politics-64649 ) and [ reinstating the memmory of the soviet union ] ( http://www.foxnews.com/world/2014/05/01/100000-march-in-moscow-on-may-day-to-cheer-putin-crimea/ ) . 
  all polls available point to more than 80 % of russians supportive of the establishment and its messages . 
  do the british and swiss steal those money from russia and eastern europe , or is it the corrupt politicians and oligarchs of eastern europe and russia ? 
  the same you support with two hands ? 
  [ not ] ( http://www.politicaltheology.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/stalin-icon-06.jpg ) [ at ] ( http://www.studiolum.com/wang/lenin/lenin-velikij-ikon-450.jpg ) [ all ] ( http://cache4.asset-cache.net/gc/170982774-red-square-moscow-nov-1977-soviet-troops-gettyimages.jpg?v=1&amp;c=iwsasset&amp;k=2&amp;d=gkzz8bf5zl1ziijumxa7qq8vghumb6fho61pfwejaacx6tfjbluvz4eemmky%2bqbk ) [ russia unveils two stalin monuments in single day ] ( https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/29492608/russia-unveils-two-stalin-monuments-in-single-day/ ), 
  if it was `` just as corrupt '' it would also only be able to give pensioners 200-300 $ like in russia . 
  uk retirees get a bare minimum of 6 times that , despite the country having less than 2 times higher gdp per capita . 
  where does the money in russia go so its pensioners barely get between 6 and 10 times less than in europe ? 
  the pockets of putin and his cronies you so often defend . 
  ` murica is the most unequal country in the developped world , with barely 3 million people ( the top 1 % ) controlling up to 42 % of the wealth . 
  yet this is staggeringly smaller than in russia , where around 100 people control 30 % of the economy . 
  russia is almost 1000 times more unequal than the developped world 's most unequal country - that 's why they can beat them at corruption . 
  it 's basically not a nation state , it 's a feudal energy fiefdom . 
  cause it will encourage the politicians to do again exactly what the west wanted them to stop every time they want more money . 
  is the concept of `` cognitive dissonance '' unknown to russians ? 
  how do they simultaniously worship the tzar , proclaim him a saint , mourn the murder of him and his family and go full `` we ' r true orthodox people '' , whilst at the same time keep lenin and his mausoleum , keep all the soviet/bolshevik regalia and symbols , progressively reinstate stalin and proudly display protraits of lenin/stalin and soviet flags on parades and manifestations ? 
  how can someone considering hismelf an orthodox christian then carry the flag of the country that banned this religion or the portraits of people who burned churches and killed people for being christian ? 
  rarely anyone pushes the `` good west '' narrative . 
  what you described is the often seen cold-war-era idea that if you criticise russia you must be pro-western and vice versa . 
  it 's not a competition - people here criticise the west just as much , only in different aspects . 
  the eu is being shat upon as much if not more than russia . 
  russia is criticised for its many faults and rightly so , since they not only hurt the people within russia , but also many of its neigbouring nations . 
  it is n't the west invading a region of a euroean country , or encroaching on the borders of georgia - it 's russia . 
  everyone in the world consumes propaganda , since no news/information media can be completely unbiased . 
  however , the only difference is how pluralistic the media is , since the more different biases and opinions there are , the more one has an option to see different points of view and make his own mind . 
  in poland , as in most of europe there are media outlets from every single political spectrum and agenda - from ultra leftist , anti-globalsit and anti-western , to conservative , liberal , socialist , right-wing , nationalist etc. 
  in russia on the other hand there is only one narrative , because almost all media is controlled by someone close to the kremlin . 
  that 's what makes propaganda in russia worst - it 's limited to one agenda , one view point . 
  as i suspected you ca n't answer any of the questions and have wiggle out . 
  am i gon na find in the congress of berlin history why russia butchered tens of thousands of zaporozhian `` orthodox brothers '' in the 17th and 18th century ? 
  or why it supports communist parties in eastern europe today , despite those being filled with people who used to burn orthodox churches and send people who prayed to camps ? 
  why is bulgaria 's communist party close to the kremlin and paid by them ? 
  is n't the kremlin supposedly trying to be `` orthodox '' today ? 
  or is it as `` orthodox '' as it has always been - when it needs to be . 
  when it does n't need , it is happy to betray orthodox borthers , kill thousands of such or work with anti-orthodox people like the turks ( in 1908 ) or the communists today . 
  only power and imperialism is the religion in russia , nothing else . 
  if russia cared about constantinople it would n't warn bulgaria 's army that was just 20 kilometres from it to stop in 1912 and not take it . 
  beucause russia wanted constainiple and dreamed of controlling the straits . 
  if russia cared for `` orthodox christianity '' it would n't split bulgaria into small pieces and give some of them as vassals to the turks .
