  1 ) because of the demographic realities of the country . 
  right now , the more educated , western-minded people who oppose the oligarchy and country 's never-ending rule of a series of mobsters from the 90s have a hard time matching the numbers of the `` hard electorate '' which the oligarchs have through the 800,000 strong turkish minority in complete economic dependence on them , the gypsies who 's votes they buy and the pensioners who traditionally vote for the socialists ( in our country that 's the core of the oligarchs ) . 
  as 2 million people left the country as a result of the communist collapse ( out of 9 ) , mainly young people , this left us young , educated , western-looking ones outnumbered . 
  this serves perfectly in the hands of the mafia running the country , but a majority system would allocate more seats to the larger cities like sofia , which are the strongholds of those opposing the oligarchs , and weaken severely the voting streanght of the rather rural turkish minority and gypsies . 
  it 's less democratic on theory , but in practice might actually bring democracy to a country ran in an authoritarian manner by a oligarchical mafia structures that rely on the current system . 
  3 ) same answer - the political context of our country being the only one in the eu entirely ran by a mafia structure , which relies on their hard electorate of bought-off gypsies , economically-dependent turks and communism-nostalgic pensioners . 
  those people vote , no matter what . 
  it 's those against the oligarchy that are either on the fence or do n't vote cause they are dissilusioned or see no chance of defeating the hard electorate those have . 
  pulling them to the vote they will surely vote at the very least against the oligarchs , or with an invalid ballow , in both cases weakening the hold they have on the country . 
  once more a case of introducing a measure that in theory looks undemocratic , but in a country already profoundly undemocratic might have the reverse effect in practice . 
  moldova and bulgaria have really low fertility rates . 
  it 's not the rate that comes first , it 's the development that causes the fall . 
  nope , he was austrian . 
  how about this one ? 
  or [ kukeri ] ( https://www.google.bg/search?q=%d0%9a%d1%83%d0%ba%d0%b5%d1%80%d0%b8&amp;biw=909&amp;bih=296&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiep-xj_ofkahufmg4khswxbkkq_auibigb ) in bulgaria, 
  what about istanbul 's shittiest parts ? 
  i went there a few years ago , decided to ditch the regular sights ( which were wonderful by the way ) and go see `` real istanbul '' . 
  at some point ended up in what looked like a never-ending jungle of medium-height concrete buildings , all looking the same ( rather shoddy ) , with quite a bit of trash on the streets . 
  it was around noon and i swear to god i could only see men on the street , not a single fucking woman . 
  no idea where i was , but it left me with a distinctly `` arabic kasbah '' kinda impression . 
  [ what about it ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ), 
  what has that to do with the topic at all ? 
  bulgaria at the bottom , because it simply did n't need thousands of people to risk their lives to save jews - after protests by the public and the church , the government decided to save its entire jewish population from deportation to the death camps . 
  quality over quantity . 
  you are talking absolute bullshit , the people of ukraine were not `` puppeteered '' into revolting , because it does n't take much for a people to want to revolt against an increadibly deeply corrupt government . 
  it was the decision of janukowicz to cancel the eu agreement deal that made people revolt , not the us or obama . 
  and russia 's invasion was n't `` provoked '' either , that 's a load of kremlin propaganda - you ca n't `` provoke '' and invasion unless you plan to invade that state , and ukraine did n't plan to invade russia . 
  i agree obama was a rather good president , but what exactly has he done to give him credit for the us recovering from the crisis ? 
  would n't that happen anyway ? 
  and despite not liking bush , how was he responsible for the crash ? 
  for the wars , of course , but for the crash that spiralled after 2009 ? 
  are n't people giving too much credit to presidents and govmnts for what happens economically during their terms ? 
  like they consider putin to have `` restored '' russia after the 90s , when it was simply the oil prises that did it . 
  because sex is n't having a drink or some harmless entertainment - it 's connected to a lot of emotional processes and can result in considerable self-esteem issues , psychological issues and complexes . 
  especially for girls . 
  hence why societies have decided it is n't a good idea to let kids that have just hit puberty and do n't think particurarly straight ( let alone have the knowledge and wisdom to do so ) to have the right to make the decision if they want to fuck an adult or not . 
  the risks involved in this being a bad decision , or them being taken advantage of , with serious long-term psychological and emotional consequences for the kid , are considered high enough to criminalise it . 
  it 's not therefore a matter of `` rights '' , it 's a matter of public health and safety , same as why certain movies are not allowed for kids or certain height demanded at rollecoasters - it 's unfair , it sucks , but it 's ultimately serving to prevent certain , if rare , chance of harm . 
  lybia was n't a nato initiative , it was a french ( sarkozy ) initiantive , backed by the british first , and only eventually the us ( with a limited involvment ) . 
  stop the conspiracy bullshit and read up a bit . 
  the did n't for a couple of centuries . 
  coincidentally , those were the times the vast majority of their cultural achievements were completed . 
  precisely , half for leaving and half for staying , with marginal differences of 4-5 % that seem to fluctuate one way or another . 
  this is pathetically small of a difference for a major decision to be made , either way . 
  literary just a couple of weeks ago it was the other way around : 55 % vs 36 % for stay , and 10 days before that again for leave : 38 % vs 42 % . 
  that 's ridiculusly fickle . 
  the country would stay if the referendum was 6 weeks ago , leave if it was 4 weeks ago , stay if it was 2 weeks ago , leave if it was today , etc. 
  it will end up as a decision based on the randomness of when the date is . 
  but i '' v read similar asessment for other states , with much smaller growth - `` high private consumption , rising investment , good retail sector , blah , blah ... .2 % growth '' . 
  there 's got to be smth else for romania to have almost twice that of countries with similar asessment , and i do n't think the anti-corruption wave came before this growth exploded . 
  i ' v seen those numbers jump up and down like crazy in the past year . 
  can such an important , long-term decision be based on a social opinion that is as fickle and easily changed from month-to-month ? 
  whatever the outcome is - stay or leave , would n't that just be a case of where the general opinion had swung * this particular month * ? 
  can anyone explain in more detail what kickstarted this huge romanian growth ? 
  i mean , i ' v heard people mention rising it sector or more absorbed eu funds , but that 's not different from other e.european states that have much lower growth . 
  are there clear indications as to how 's romania different or when this growth exploded ? 
  nope , it 's cold and shit . 
  the black sea 's warm and with great beaches . 
  haha , that 's a good comeback . 
  i 'm polish though , so i need a passport for the black sea as well . 
  this is a national mythology . 
  all nations have these , to some degree , but they are n't historiographic or scientific reality . 
  attilla and the huns were a confederation that included germanic , slavic and other indo-iranian people , who heaviliy mixed with the turkic huns . 
  they lived 700 years before the turks conquered anatolia and 1000 years before the ottomans expanded into the balkans . 
  that 's more than enough time for them to mix and change ethnically to a very drastic degree from the other central-asian turks of the 11th century . 
  an `` ethnic group '' is a very specific term , usually consisting of people who 's genetic makeup has predominantly similar or very close ancestors . 
  not `` some '' similar ancestors - * predominantl * . 
  the turkish people of anatolia * most certainly * do not share the majority of their genese and ancestry with the central asian turks . 
  [ those people ] ( http://www.europeword.com/images/turkey/turkish_people3.jpg ) most certainly do not share the majority of their ancestry and genese with [ these people ] ( https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-4040bfaed21d456aeefea2c97fd419f6?convert_to_webp=true ) , no matter how much your purely ideological idea of a turkic ethnic community tells you so . 
  the people of anatolia never experienced a massive extermination and replacement between 11th and 19th century . 
  the turks did n't come by the millions , they came by the tens of thousands and imposed their rule , their culture , their language and eventually religion on the inhabitants of anatolia . 
  those inhabitants were greek and armenian . 
  before that they were hittie , lydians etc. 
  the cultures and identities changed , but the people largely remain the same , with small migrations of tens or hundreds of thousands here and there . 
  this makes the population more * diverse * , but not completely different . 
  turkish people today are n't jut `` greeks and armenians '' with swapped culture , they are `` greeks and armenians '' + some central asian blood , with swapped culture . 
  but most certainly not pure central asians or even predominantly ethnicly the same as the other turkic people today , and 100 % definitely not even remotely the same genetically and ethnically as the huns , who lived in a different part of the world , 1000 years before the turks even came and conquuered the people of anatolia . 
  sorry mate , that 's the realities of history , it 's not as `` epic '' and with `` legendary '' replacements of people all over . 
  the main demographic component has stayed stable for most part , with ruling classes changing , which impose the culture and identity from top-down . 
  you guys in turkey , are far closer ethnically to the greeks , slavs and armenians , than to the other turkic nations . 
  the did also have a clause with investment in state-owned companies . 
  i read it in wprost a while back , not sure of the validity , but would make the deal better . 
  in this deal . 
  whereas with the other possible deal it would be this + investment in factories that are fully state owned , thus creating future revenue . 
  hence why the lockheed deal is the bad choice . 
  which is an increadibly marginal percentage of the investment . 
  besides being all indo-iranian tribes , not much . 
  parthians were part of a wave of indo-iranians at the same time as the scythinas , who remained however in the iranian plateau , whilst the scythians ( along with the roxolani , alani and iazyges ) left it and moved west to the steppes of eastern ukraine and southern russia . 
  this brings them close to the future homeland of the slavs , but still quite a few centuries apart . 
  what stands between the time the scythians ihabited those lands ( 5th cent . 
  bc ) and the slavic migration from them ( 5th cent . 
  ad ) is the replacement of the scythians in eastern europe by another indo-european group of tribes - the sarmatians , then the replacement of those by the goths and finally the great migration that was pushed by the sweeping from the east hunnic confederacy . 
  the slavs filled the vacuum in eastern europe left by that . 
  the fact they are also indo-iranic like the scythinas ( as opposed to turkic like the huns ) shows a clear link , but not much else . 
  here 's a quote : `` the goths had displaced the sarmatians in the 2nd century from most areas near the roman frontier , and by early medieval times , the early slavs ( proto-slavs ) marginalized eastern iranian dialects in eastern europe as they assimilated and absorbed the iranian ethnic groups in the region . '', 
  your linguistical poverty does n't make the historiographical field of science any different . 
  turkic people are the linguistic group made up of various ethnics and nations ( like slavic , latin , arab etc. ), 
  - turkish people are just one nation that formed out of that linguistic group ( like respectively russian , spanish , moroccan for the above ) . 
  can a russian claim the history of all slavic people ?
