  every year , 300,000 immigrants arrive in russia , of which over three quarters are ethnic russians '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_russia#immigration, 
  whereas being asked for bribes left and right and given zero justice when a local mobster swindles you or beats the shit out of you is sooo underrated . 
  :d trust me , i grew up in a society like the one russia is right now , i thoroughly reccomend the experience , especially to entitled , ungreatful , priviliged little westerners like you trying to sound `` original '' and `` alternative '' with their love for a deeply rotten society and political structure they would n't last in for a year . 
  is n't that entirely people fleeing the ex-soviet republics in central asia ? 
  places with very high fertility rates , very high poverty and repressive regimes ? 
  who else is immigrating to russia en mass ? 
  lol `` if i spoke their language , and their economy was n't going to shits , and the weather was better , and they had a democratic society , and the corruption was n't rampant ... i might give it a thought . '', 
  registered for 10 hours , 1 comment that is a bait , obvious troll is obvious . 
  try harder . 
  meanwhile , `` greek '' is synonymous with lazy , entitled and arrogant all over europe . 
  so the kettle calls the pot black . 
  the bulgarians who do that are pathetic , brainwashed by soviet propaganda . 
  `` after posts like these '' - meaning explaining the nature of serb foreign policy and their aggressions in the 20th century ? 
  we `` should 've been left '' because you do n't like hearing your nation was aggressive and land-stealing , as opposed the `` innocent , christ-like country beset by enemies on all sides '' . 
  it 's particurarly shitty for serbs to hear it was n't them who got `` backstabbed '' by the bulgarians as they always say , but the other way around . 
  i know it sucks when history confronts natioanlistic propaganda . 
  because there are already one-word names for their countries in english - germany and sweden . 
  if the only way to refer to them was `` the deutchland republic '' or `` the sverige republic '' , they too would at some point say `` fuck it , just call us deutchland/sverige '' . 
  if people were constantly calling your country in every single context `` the canadian republic '' ( yes i know you are n't one ) , you too would at some point ask them to just call you canada . 
  the fuck is going on in romania . 
  czechia is a slavic way of calling it , it 's the official name of the country in bulgaria or serbia . 
  it was n't made up for easier english . 
  it makes pefect sense they would be so close to russia . 
  the russians always favoured them in the balkans and helped them take the lands of their neighbouring people in all ways possible . 
  petrograd set them to attack the newly created bulgaria in 1885 to prevent its unifacation , and then supported them taking vardar macedonia ( modern day fyrom ) for themsleves in 1912 despite the deal they had that bulgaria would take it , when it had a bulgarian majority . 
  similarly , they supported them during ww1 and with the creation of yugoslavia and extension of belgrade serb authority over the croats , slovenes , bosnians , montenegrins and bulgarians in macedonia . 
  meanwhile nato symbolizes the reversal of all that , the eventual loss of all those lands they had grabbed throughout the 20th century with the support of russia , acting as their satellite in the balkans . 
  of course they would be salty at nato and love russia , even though they see it makes zero sense to stick with the latter . 
  serbia is pretty much the equivalent of a small russia in the balkans - a highly expansionistic and opportunistic country trying to impose itself on its neighbours , which reached its peak of territorial size in the mid 20th century , but then abruptly lost most of it as a result of the collapse of a marxist system . 
  now , they find themselves just as the russians in a place of strong irredentism , chauvinism , conspiracy theories of `` betrayal '' and `` foreign conspiracy '' that destroyed their `` once great country '' - which similarly was only `` great '' in their own minds , because it was big and made them feel important . 
  muslims are n't the largest increasing group by percentage within swedish society ? 
  it 's a lie i have naively believed ? 
  you went to literary the officially most poor and underdevelopped region of the entire eu . 
  it 's like the black hole of bulgaria , the north west . 
  around 2 times poorer than the average of the country , and up to 5 times poorer than the capital and larger cities . 
  southern bulgaria and the seaside have great infrastructure as of late . 
  i reccomend sofia , plovdiv , tarnovo and rila monastery . 
  catholic priests . 
  the only actual research i could find was from two sources - the catholic church itself reporting only 4 % of its priests in the past 50 years have been paedophiles , and then the cia ( strangely ) , reporting it was 6 % . 
  supposedly , both of these percentages are around the average considered natural proportion of paedophiles among males . 
  hence , i have n't found any study showing there are actuall more paedophiles proportion wise in the catholic church than in , say , a group of coaches , or child doctors , or teachers etc. 
  what , however , was disproportionate was the ammount of media attention given to cases of paedohpilia in the church and those outside of it . 
  basically , every time there is a priest paedophile it becomes a story , as opposed to quite less whith other professions . 
  hence creating what is more a myth of the `` priest paedohpile '' and a joke , than real correlation . 
  i did n't take at as such and answered you honestly , with what i know of the wars between russian and poland . 
  if that was wrong information i provided , you could ' v corrected it . 
  instead , as i suspect because you have no alternative information to dispute it , you shitpost . 
  your choice of course , i have no right to demand civil discussion from you . 
  just please stop accusing people of having poor opinions of russians because of some `` russophobia '' . 
  it 's entirely on you . 
  any source of that ? 
  i find it extremely unlikely such global study exists , that shows what percentage of paedophiles are religious , when there are n't even comprehensive studies showing how many paedophiles there are . 
  the age of consent was always puberty . 
  when the girl got her period was the bottom line for all medieval christian countries . 
  it is when she was considered `` a woman '' . 
  ( and is , biologically ) not great , but far better than pre-pubescent girls , which is outright paedophilia and was practiced by mohammed himself when he married 6-year old aisha - something that has never been practiced in chrisitian countries , precisely because one of the first things the christians did when they took over the roman empire was to outlaw the widespread and accepted act of paedophilia . 
  among other stuff like gladiator games or incest . 
  better read up on that . 
  wheras even today , in 2016 , there are muslim countries where marrying a pre-pubescent girl is legal and widely practiced . 
  meaning chrisitans 2000 years ago were more progressive in that regard than muslims are in the 21st century . 
  kids are n't suffering `` just the same '' . 
  they never were . 
  muslims have been up until the last 2 centuries marrying of pre-pubescent girls en mass . 
  something christians never did . 
  and today , christian kids are almost nowhere - except for ethiopia , married to old men . 
  as opposed to a number of muslim countries like yemen or bangladesh , with hundreds of millions of people in them combined . 
  and illegal paedophilia is pretty much the same everywhere , there is n't more of it in chrisitan countries , certainly not more by tens of millions . 
  meaning that today , as we speak , far , far more muslim kids will be forced to marry , sleep with , or already have been to an older person , than christian kids . 
  far more little girls in yemen alone will go to bed tonight with a 30-40-50 + year old man than across the entire chrisitan world . 
  watch this clip and read the description . 
  this does n't happen in christian countries to even 10 % of the ammount it does in muslim ones : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-j7_tkgw1to, 
  any data on paedofile prevelance as percentage of catholic and protestant priests to base your claim on ? 
  all i found about catholics was from two studies both showing no abnormal percent of paedophiles among them than from the general population . 
  just an abnormal ( very ) media coverage of theirs . 
  i thought we actually had a conversation about history . 
  thought to myself , maybe one russian is n't a pathetic twat that runs away when presented with arguments . 
  maybe he has some of his own . 
  maybe he 'll communicate like a normal human being . 
  nope . 
  russian troll again . 
  tries making serious statements about history , when given answers that do n't suit him goes into shitposting mode . 
  the search for civilized russians with internet access continues . 
  because i asked why is it implied it is the christian kids who `` learn how to blow '' , when neither is christianity as a religion condoning paedophilia , nor are christian kids subjected to it any more so than others . 
  there 's zero correlation , other than the preence of abnormal ammount of `` paedophile catholic priest '' jokes . 
  in reality , islam is the one condoning paedophilia , and many muslim countries have it legalized . 
  between 4 % and 7 % of all males have paedophilic tendencies . 
  the average is the same in most professions , be it coaches , teachers , doctors or priests . 
  how is showing me the cases with the priests any special or indicative of their religion ? 
  which raped kids ? 
  let me guess , you ' r a romanian from the other side of the carpathians . 
  the infamously self-absorbed inhabitants of transylvania . 
  also known as historic hungary . 
  obligatory hired posh , almost dramatic sounding british narrator . 
  is n't `` berlin '' - the bundestag ? 
  then i guess the joke or stereotype that is more fitting is for it being an organisation filled with people who cover for their colleagues ' despicable acts . 
  as opposed to one filled with paedophiles , if in reality there are n't more than in any standard group of males . 
  looks like sobieski , and i think that 's a hussar 's helmet in the corner . 
  i ' v heard the catholic thing a million times and googled it as well - only actual research i could find was from two sources - the catholic church itself reporting only 4 % of its priests in the past 50 years have been paedophiles , and then the cia ( strangely ) , reporting it was 6 % . 
  supposedly , both of these percentages are around the average considered natural proportion of paedophiles among males . 
  hence , i have n't found any study showing there are actuall more paedophiles proportion wise in the catholic church than in , say , a group of coaches , or child doctors , or teachers etc.
