  you literary said there are no alternatives for the people if said lower quality goods are rejected by the public , yet you want stronger quality controls to remove these goods from the market anyway . 
  top notch mate , i am the moron . 
  i said what i had to about the personal attacks , keep doing it if you feel it shows me as the moron instead of you . 
  you do advocate people lose control of what they produce . 
  how are you not a marxist ? 
  why do you keep swearing at me or trying to personally offend ? 
  i argued with the topic only until you ran out of arguments and started attacking me personally instead . 
  think carefully and rationally which of us here acts like a moron . 
  `` if you produce something , you have no right over it . 
  we say what price you ** must ** sell it for ! '', 
  - a wannabe marxist in 2017 who runs away when his arguments end . 
  useless comment . 
  no one asked about your quota and it contributes nothing to the discussion being had . 
  history of economics and recent economical development in europe especially certainly points to those advocating central planning and price controls as being economically illiterate , as it seems people like you here are doing in this thread . 
  not those defending the rights and freedoms of individual producers to do whatever the fuck they want with their own produce . 
  if they want to sell it with a high price , that 's their right . 
  if they want to lit it on fire while you starve , that 's their right . 
  produce something yourself if you want it for a given price , but you ca n't use violence to force others what happens iwth their production . 
  those who tried it have seen their countries devastated , like all of eastern europe or venezuela today . 
  did i disagree anywhere in my comment with that ? 
  strive all you want . 
  do n't buy overpriced products . 
  find alternative suppliers . 
  start production/import yourself . 
  you have all the economic freedom of a market economy to find alternative solutions if product x is only supplied by a producer who overprices it . 
  what you do n't have the right to do is use government power to tell that producer what price to put on his goods . 
  that 's his choice , not yours . 
  you are free not to buy it if you do n't agree with the price . 
  yes . 
  precisely . 
  and when you refuse to buy the overpriced western shit competitors will appear with cheaper prices to take that market share . 
  do whatever you want , do n't eat tuna if you do n't like the quality , it 's not my job to fix the problem for you , same as it is n't the government 's job to tell independent producers what price tag to put on their goods . 
  that 's up to them , same as it is up to you to put whatever price tag you want on anything you create . 
  since when is there a food shortage in eastern europe ? 
  it exports food more than it imports , so your argument that not buying overpriced western products equals starvation is as dumb as the fact you would reference that idiotic subreddit . 
  i do n't think it , i know it , as even here - the biggest backwater of eastern europe , the polls they made not too long ago and showed on the national tv as `` worrying '' had the `` bad results of as many as 11 % of the population willing to criminalize homosexuality '' . 
  11 % - over 50 % . 
  yes , it 's very different . 
  furthermore , do show me how many homosexuals have been thrown off roofs or killed for it like they do all over the muslim world , including publicly . 
  btw , our biggest pop star and most popular entertainer is [ a gay , gypsy , transvestite ] ( http://www.dazeddigital.com/music/article/31084/1/meet-the-gay-gypsy-who-became-bulgaria-s-biggest-star ) . 
  german not , but eastern germany certainly is the very western historic lands of the slavs , colonized by the germans as late as the high middle ages . 
  i am not defending the fn , i am defending equal attitude towards the far right and the far left , which is completely lacking in the west . 
  most of the leftist parties also started as communist , outright marxist and revolutionary . 
  some still are . 
  yet no one calls them stalinist or bolshevik , no one shits on them or spreads fear from candidates like melenchon when they reach high percentage the way they do from fn or the far right . 
  despite marxists in power usually killing a far bigger percentage of their society than fascists in power . 
  did you read my comment ? 
  do n't buy it then . 
  that 's your right as a consumer , same as it is theirs as a producer to give whatever fucking price they decide on whatever shitty product they sell . 
  and the solution is the same - do n't buy it . 
  start importing cheaper detergents from bangladesh , or produce locally . 
  there 's no compulsion in trade , if you do n't like what you get from the western producers for the price you get it , do n't get it . 
  find an alternative or make one yourself . 
  one thing you ca n't do is use government power to enforce whatever price or quality you feel `` just '' onto free and independent producers . 
  it 's their choice what price they put on their products . 
  if any and all supporters of far-right parties are `` fascist '' by default , do you also call the far leftists in france `` stalinists '' ? 
  if marine le pen was `` a fascist '' , then was melenchon for example `` a stalinist '' ? 
  why should it be the same ? 
  quality is naturally tied to price , if the same producer in , say , holland sells its produce for x price in holland and 0.5 x in czechia , then of course he will send the worse produce he has there and the better to the local or western market . 
  price determines quality . 
  that 's it and it 's been as simple as that forever . 
  it 's the choice of any given producer to decide what he does with his goods , where he sells them , what quality and what price . 
  then it 's the right of the consumer to decide to buy it or stop doing so . 
  if the czechs do n't like my product they can stop buying it , not whine to the government that it has lower quality than what the dutch or germans get , when the latter pay me 2 or 3 times as much and of . 
  course . 
  i am going to give them my better produce . 
  turkish society continuously shows in polls attitudes reaching significant percentages willing to murder , or at the very least criminalize , homosexuals . 
  what about britain ? 
  ah , yes , in britain there is also a segment of society that exhibits much greater desire to criminalize homosexuality ... [ british muslims ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/apr/11/british-muslims-strong-sense-of-belonging-poll-homosexuality-sharia-law ) . 
  you sound very much like the radicals on the other side you seem to oppose . 
  were that the case there would be a proportional government persecution of leftists as there is of far-right in the west . 
  could you , for example , provide cases of leftists in hungary having their homes raided by the police for posts they wrote online , like people have had in germany ? 
  i listed you the actions they took against us and they are purely in accordance with marx and his socialism . 
  in practice by anyone who fully empraces the ideology of socialism and joins the collective in an active suppression of `` counter-revolutionary '' elements through the socialist party of bulgaria . 
  he then quickly and easily progresses to positions where he has access and control of the state-owned resources . 
  all of this is also in accordance to the ideas marx had of the organisation of the proletarian dictatorship , which is a necessary step in the progress towards full blown socialist society , lest it be stopped in its tracks by bourgeois and reactionary forces . 
  there is n't an ideology out there , or a radical premise , that is n't also represented by people who actively carry out violence in its name . 
  by far the right-wing ones are n't exclusive , in fact the [ vast majority of terrorist ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/35/terrorist_arrests_in_the_eu_by_affiliation.png ) acts in europe are carried out by religious , left-wing and separatists , followed by far-right only margonally . 
  of those , only the far right - the nationalists , have their views particularly censored and punished by the governments . 
  the worst offenders , the marxists and the separatists , are entirely tolerated . 
  so you ca n't talk of a theoretical approach to this , even in theory there is a contradiction with the actual actions of the governments and obvious idelogical bias as to whom they censor . 
  yet all of this is irrelevant . 
  one 's ideas are n't subject to someone else 's actions . 
  if someone is influenced to bomb a slaughterhouse because of your vegan agenda or spreading `` hatred for meat-eaters '' it does n't mean you can be censored . 
  you are simply protected from having your views censored by the government under classical european liberalism , no matter what htey are . 
  you are only responsible for your actions . 
  straying away from those european values means the western eu govenrments have no right to pretende they are the defenders of those . 
  it sounds like text-book socialism as defined by karl marx in das kapital . 
  he used the word socialism . 
  everyone had control of it . 
  theoretically . 
  that 's the joy of socialism after all , a communal and shared irresponsibility that ruined dozens of societies . 
  `` incentivising '' anything falls under free personal expression in classical european liberalism . 
  people have their own minds to decide if they want to follow said expressed ideas or ostracize the person expressing them . 
  the liberal value is about not letting the government use its powers to decide that instead of society , or use its powers to shut people up . 
  as long as inciting class hatred as left wingers and marxists do all the time , freely in the west , it is being entirely hypocritical having the laws you mentioned . 
  confiscated my family 's small business in 1944 sofia , in accordance with its tenants against `` wage labor exploitation '' and `` the means of production in the hands of private capitalists/petty bourgeoisie '' . 
  confiscated my other family side 's lands in dobrogea to collectivise , under the same pretenses . 
  prevented any member of my family for 45 years in engaging in private enterprise , private wage labor or capital accumulation and transfer , in accordance with the tenants of public ownership of the means of production . 
  all of the above left my family , and me , in dire misery and poverty in the 80s and then 90s despite a grandfather architect , a grandmother chemical engineer , a mother and a father .
