  and if you did n't have eastern europe there between you and russia/ussr you 'd be in the exact shit position they are . 
  without eastern europe being the constant buffer between you and asian invaders - mongols , ottomans , russians , bolsheviks ... , you would n't be able to live the comfy lives you do . 
  jesus christ how long more will people nag about this . 
  switzerland and a few others like norway are often shown together with eu maps . 
  they are important to the continent , rich and in close legal bindings to the union - you are neither of these , get over it . 
  i ' v seen that map for years . 
  croatia joined after this map was made . 
   nothing to do with the religion . 
  what ?!, 
  mate , you literary are saying in your past few posts that religion teaches and causes people to be violent , hence it should be banned same as nazism . 
  i give you an example of a country where religion runs aboslutely rampant and dominates society - poland , and ask you why are n't they violent , why are n't they murdering their centuries-old muslim tatar minority but instead highly respecting it ? 
  why are n't they murdering their atheists , of whom many are very outspoken and regurarly insult the religion of the majority on tv ? 
  why have they elected the only transgender mp in all of europe and not killed him ? 
  generally , why is n't the inehrent violence according to you in religion manifesting in some of the world 's most religious societies , like poland , romania , portugal , chile , greece , italy etc. ? 
  you advocated these religions should be banned because they cause violence , so i ask you to show me the violence they cause in these societies which we would prevent if we banned the religion . 
  no , israel does n't have more jews , the usa does . 
  what israel also has is a decades old land and cultural conflict , so you ca n't say in the presence of such what causes the violence . 
  however , in the vacuum where such conflict does n't exist , like the usa , religion should still be causing violence if it is doing so by definition , as you explained . 
  so why does n't it ? 
  why do n't jews mass murder people in the us , where they are the most ? 
  or orthodox people in bulgaria - a highly multi-religious and multi-cultural society ? 
  or catholics in multi-cultural france ? 
  or shintoists in hyper-peaceful and orderly japan ? 
  where is your empirical evidence religions of all kinds by definition highten the level of violence in a society and hence should be banned ? 
  you militant atheists often boast reliance on empirical evidence and unbiased research right ? 
  so why are n't you applying it here ? 
  care to tell me how much violence has been caused by eastern orthodox people in the past 100 years ? 
  i 'll tell you how much was caused by atheists trying to eradicate religion in the ussr and eastern block . 
  or how much violence is there in highly catholic places like poland or austria ? 
  you do know poland is ranked among the most peaceful places in the world , with some of the lowest violent crime rates and murders , right ? 
  in fact , despite their much poorer society , they seem to have less violent crime than sweden in recent years . 
  how come , if catholicism inehrently causes violence is a highly catholic society non-violent ? 
  care to explain how many jewish extremists are there in the us - the largest jewish community in the world ? 
  how much violence have they caused in the past 100 years ? 
  i am awaiting the serious and impressive count of the above questions which should cement the decision that those religions should be banned like nazism is . 
  you give a description that fits perfectly many political ideologies - the in-group/out-group mentality is fundamental for marxism 's `` proletariat dictatorship '' which demonizes all other social classes as parasitic and seeks to destroy them , achieving a purely proletarian society . 
  simirarly , nazism does that with the racial group . 
  nationalism/chauvinism does it with the national entity . 
  liberal , multi-cultural progressivism does it with `` us the tolerant progressives '' and `` them , the intollerant regressives/conservatives '' , who are also painted as evil/bad/immoral compared to `` us '' - the good group in society . 
  honestly , you ' v described nothing but the fundamental human tribal instinct and pinned it on religion . 
  once again doing all of the above described - you the atheists are the `` good/moral/intelligent / infomred '' group , and them - the religious `` bafoons/idiots/bigots / etc. '' . 
  society should be dominated by your group and seek the eradication of the other . 
  no difference here except inside your own mind that is convinced your group is the correct one , same as any religious fundamentalist . 
  once again i would refer you to history that showcases the exact same traits of organized religions manifasting themselves both before and after those religions dominated societies . 
  the common denominator is n't a belief in god , it 's an intollerant of others tribal mentality . 
  and the proof is that even after getting rid of the belief in god in many western societies , we have n't at all gotten rid of the tribal mentalities that manifested religion before . 
  now it 's simply politics . 
  religion is the set of ideas as to how we should live our lives , and is very , very deeply rooted in basic societal philosophy , with mysticism sprinkled on top of it . 
  the basis of religion is how we should live our lives and treat eachother , so not much different from politics . 
  to agree with a particular religion is much more a matter of what ideas you hold for society and interpersonal relations , unless you are a religious fundamentalist - someone that takes the foundations of the religion - belief in a deity , as the sole and driving reason he is a part of it . 
  most religious people both today and historically were n't fundamentalists but people who belonged to a religion either as a cultural group they identified with , or a political/ideological theory about society they agreed with . 
  so religion has been largely a substitute for national identity and political leanings before those two were developped in the modern era . 
  i advise people as fanatically driven by militant atheism to read some of the works of religious scholars throughout the centuries to see if you really do have the right idea what religious people and religion actually were about for the most part : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjvoff2wcbu, 
  desperate for a general religious debate , are we ? 
  saw too many youtube debates and wanted one yourself ? 
  find someone else , i objected to the specific comment you made . 
  what you did was paint the above action of a handfull of stalinist priests as the norm . 
  ca n't speak of all religions , but when there are hundreds of thousands of priests in the 2 major christian churches alone - the orthodox and catholic ones , the speech of a handfull of stalinist priests is n't the norm . 
  1.8 billion catholics are told by thousands of priests that you ca n't kill a person no matter what . 
  the pope rejects absolutely every conflict that arises in teh world , condemns all violence and literary kisses the feet of refugees . 
  300 million orthodox people are told the same by the vast majority of orthodox churchs and priests . 
  but a handfull of ex kgb operatives put in place by the ussr to infiltrate the church ( as they did here as well ) say something and to a person who has already made up his mind this suddenly is the norm and , `` religion , religion never changes '' . 
  as for the rest of your comment - it 's empty and meaningless . 
  change `` ideology '' with religion and it becomes the same pointless message - how many people have died and killed believing ( that something is right ) , for us to stop believing in anything . 
  let me ask you - do you have a political ideology ? 
  well , shame on you !, 
  how many people have died believing in political ideologies ? 
  communism ? 
  imperialism ? 
  how many more must die before we reject all political ideologies and believing in politics at all ? 
  generalisations . 
  generalisation never changes . 
  but you keep talking of others as having `` intollerant '' views , towards which you should n't be tolerant . 
  that 's incorrect . 
  people might have libertarian views - which consider the state as a source of evil due to the concetration of power , and believe the state ca n't be used to impose ideas onto anyone . 
  in this case they are the tollerant ones - tolerant of people 's various ideas and the choice to live in a society without state intervention . 
  you are the intollerant autoritharian , who wants to impose a thought police that ideologically forces people to agree with your statist views . 
  or people could be something else than libertarian , maybe they are nationalist and believe in a nation-state that values the indigenous population of the land . 
  you are intollerant of that view and demand the state uses its power to destroy the indigenous nation by replacing it with a multi-racial society . 
  again - you are n't `` tolerating intolerrance '' , you * are * the intollerant person who has decided the indigenous nation has to be replaced and the nation state destroyed , and that his multicultural view of society is the only correct one and ready to use state violence to impose that . 
  making you no different than a very classic , straight-forward fascist . 
  we hear constantly that the us , china , russia and the eu are `` about to collapse '' . 
  for all of them 99 % of the time it 's bullshit , but in reality only one of these has collapsed completely more than once in the past 100 years . 
  so with regards to russia it makes a bit more sense to believe these predictions . 
   if you are someone with intolerant beliefs you are the one with such beliefs here as well . 
  intollerant of personal freedom , freedom from the state , freedom to create the family you want , freedom to be aware of and not ashamed of your own ethnicity and race , etc. 
  basically you are a cultural marxist and a statist highly intollerant of any other political and social views . 
  i suppose by your own logic we hate the right to oppress you as the intollerant person you are . 
  your personal experience in this and anecdotal evidence is irrelevant to anyone but yourself . 
  people still have the right to try and hide the adoption from the kid regardless of your opinion on that . 
  you take away their right to do so by obliging them to take a kid of a different race . 
  as i already wrote - even if someone just wants to have a kid of his race regardless if he keeps the adoption a secret , that is 100 % his right . 
  your desires to force people to adopt kids of different race is a gross infringment on someone 's right to create the family he wants , and you do it for the sake of satisfying your own personal views of society/race/diversity . 
  your desire to involve the state in this imposition betrays authoritarian/statist views , that you ' r willing peoples ' personal freedoms and choices are violated by the state for the sake of imposing a particular ideology - in this case multiculturalism/racial diversity . 
  i do n't know how accepted this surge to the authoritarian imposition of views is becoming in canada , but here in eastern europe we had it for 50 years and are thoroughly disgusted by the mere notion of it . 
  if you want to revert your society to state-imposed ideologies , do it . 
  just do n't ask others do it too . 
   i believe that the individual freedom ends when the next person freedom starts , if ones opinion will lead to a different person have its right reduced the state should interfere and fight that ideology . 
  and yet that is precisely what you violate by wanting to force people to adopt children not from their race . 
  you are infringing on their right to form the kind of family they want , and you do it to further an ideology you personally like .
