  who 's `` you '' ? 
  the kurds that will be a majority in turkey at some point this century , heval ? 
  how often do you hear nationalists talk about returning northern dobrudja and how often about romania 's invasion in 1913 ? 
  `` northern dobrudja '' is like a staple of bulgarian irredentism , right there with adrianople , macedonia and the `` belomorie '' . 
  all vmro or nationalist maps have northern dobrudja in them . 
  not getting this land is absolutely categorically a bigger deal in bulgarian nationalism than the fact the romanians invaded in 1913 . 
  i think bulgarians are more butthurt about losing northern dobrudja when the russians gave it to you in 1878 in exchange for lands in bessarabia , than about 1913 . 
  that has to be the absolute worst colour scheme i ' v seen . 
  for that last bit alone he deserves to be hailed as a hero . 
  as europe is completely asleep and passive towards the enemy , any help in waking and mobilizing it is heroic . 
  dude , super gaay . 
  did you say no homo first ? 
  your grandparents identified as macedonian bulgarians . 
  they were , indeed , part of the ottoman empire before the balkan wars . 
  and before that part of the first and second bulgarian tsardoms . 
  too brown . 
  see , this is the problem i think - socialists are n't actually economically and financially educated hence why you say things like `` you are n't taking all of the risks '' . 
  here 's a short introduction into microeconomics : every business is born out of debt , unless you are alrady rich and have money of your own in abundance . 
  in most cases this is n't so and the person who comes up with the idea of a business goes into serious debt to set it up . 
  the business then does n't usually make a profit for a long time , could be up to a few years until gathers enough clients and takes a sufficient portion of the market to start turning up profit . 
  this means even more debt piles onto the name of the one or ones who created the company . 
  the reason this person owns 100 % of the company and is entitled to 100 % of its profits ( revenue minus expenses ) is because he owns 100 % of the debt that was needed to set up the entire business * and * 100 % of any future debt the company might accumulate . 
  futhermore , he is 100 % responsible for covering any failure of the company , hence he bears ** the full risk ** of losing everything he owns in his entire life in case of the business failing . 
  none of the workers bear any such financial responsibility because they own none of the present or future debt and should the business fail they will not have to pay one cent of their assets to cover the loss . 
  now , if they want to own part of the company - as you say they should if they work there - there is no one stopping them from doing that . 
  they merely have to buy some of the existing and future debt from the person who is currently 100 % responsible for it . 
  also known as - buying a part of the company . 
  ( wow , i know ) so if the person who created the business and owns 100 % of it has a debt of $ 1,000,000 , and you as a worker want to own 10 % of the company - then it 's completely normal you should pay $ 100,000 to the owner for these 10 % of the company - therefore of the existing debt and any future it accumulates . 
  this option exists currently . 
  but i sense it 's not the option you are talking of , correct ? 
  you want workers to be just * given * , outright handed a certain ownership of the companies they work it . 
  by some kind of state power i guess . 
  tell me how this is n't the very definition of theft ? 
  a person created a business by borrowing money and being into debt . 
  now he owns 100 % of this business ( its profits , material base and decision making ) because he owns 100 % of the current and future debt . 
  you want to forcefully take away part of his business by giving the workers a part of the profits , material base and decision making , but leaving the entire existing debt to the original owner . 
  ( because the alternative is for them to take onto some of that debt by simply buying part of the company , as the current system is and you obviously do n't like ) so tell me exactly what 's wrong with a system whereby the person who accumulated the debt of starting a business is the one who owns it , since he also owns all the debt ? 
  or what 's wrong with people not wanting to own debt and merely work for a wage ? 
  why do you assume all workers want to also own part of the company they work in , when this means they are responsible for all possible future debt of that company ? 
  let me guess why - because you simply are n't informed enough in economics to even think of the fact companies go into debt . 
  you just look at the most prosperous ones out there and wonder `` hey , why ca n't the workers own some of that profit '' . 
  but do n't look at the thousands who fail and the workers are left without any debt , because thye did n't own any part of the company in the first place . 
  what if i want that for me ? 
  what if i want to be a worker and not an owner ? 
  someone who does n't have to risk his entire life 's savings whenever i enter a company because of the risk it might go bankrupt and i - as a part owner , have to pay for its failure ? 
  see , business is far more complicated and nuanced than the simplistic ideological attitude of socialists . 
  there is nothing unfair about how it is set up at the moment - every company is created by investing money into it and the one who owns that debt ( and any future ) owns the company and its profits , so that he may use these profits to pay off the debt/investment , as well as save money to cover any future debt or failure of the company . 
  if you want to be part of that you should also borrow money like the person who created the company , buy a percentage from him and then enjoy being a part of the profits and decision making of the company , whilst being in debt and responsible for any future such . 
  anything other than that is merely stealing from the person who invested into creating a company . 
  your types are making this word meaningless . 
  stop it . 
  no , socialism literaly has in every single one of its many forms the purpose of seizing the means of production by the working class . 
  it is anti-capitalist by definition . 
  is n't that highly unfair though ? 
  if i have a great idea about a business , invest a lot of time and effort , take upon myself all the financial risks and debt to make it work , and the fruit of all this is the creation of a business that can operate without me , why should a socialist system interfere and take that away from me for the sake of its idea of social equality ? 
  there 's nothing unfair about profiting from one 's ideas , innovation or pragamticism . 
  normal , after all they created your `` language '' after 1945 , together with your `` history '' for the same purpose of `` de-bulgarisation '' of both . 
  historically you are the exact same equivalent to bulgaria that moldova is to romania . 
  ( except that moldova actually existed historically as a separate country with that name , `` macedonia '' never did except as an ancient hellenic state in today 's northern greece ), 
  how horrible , people want to live with those most similar to them . 
  how dare they !, 
  so did ireland , iberia , southern italy , greece and finland . 
  these were all poorer historically than , say , bohemia . 
  communism is the only reason they ended up richer . 
   that does n't lend itself well to conspiracy theories why not ? 
  there are plenty of conspiracy theories in that sphere as well . 
  `` the us government did 9/11 to justify its imperialist/capitalist wars '' is a very popular one among marxists and socialists here in bulgaria , and i ' v seen on the net elsewhere as well . 
  `` the wage gap '' is a popular one among socialists . 
  communists are particurarly fond of a whole bunch of conspiracy theories about how amazing our communist period was and how actually a bunch of kgb officers infiltrated it and destroyed it to rob us . 
  our countries were supposedly economic giants , everyone was happy and there was no persecution because the system was fully democratic . 
  but the imperialists/capitalists were affraid the eastern block and ussr were overtaking them economically and their own population would rebel to bring the same system , so they secretly destroyed our lovely and super successful communism from within . 
  i can go on with plenty more examples of equally idiotic leftist/marxist conspiracy theories to anything you can find on the right . 
   because in their ideology there is absolutely no need for it . 
  the system is sufficient . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  elaborate please . 
  as for the rest , i already wrote to someone else :  being a liberal here in bulgaria i often communicate with these people , i write in various forums and facebook groups , and can assure you a similar `` panteon '' of conspiracy bullshit exists on the left and is just as widespread among its more radical and/or stupid followers . 
  furthermore , the more to the far left you get the closer these theories are to those of the far right . 
  `` secret cabals rule the world '' , `` american corporations drop chemicals from the sky '' , `` vaccines cause autism '' ( very , very popular among liberal and left-leaning moms here ) , `` the americans did 9/11 to justify their imperialistic wars '' ( very popular among marxists ) etc. 
  one should divide this issue onto `` intelligent vs stupid people '' not `` left wing vs right wing people '' , as there is no reason to believe left or right wing people are dumber than the other group . 
   of course the far-right believes as well , they are quite similar to the far left in most regards . 
  but entering any leftist or marxist discussion here in bulgaria you are overwhelmed with `` monstano plans to kill our children with gmo and chemtrails '' type of sensationalist bullshit . 
  especially from the anarchsits . 
  our recently elected leftist president was seriously asked during a conference at the socialist party if he will probe into the chemtrails issue and stop them from spraying bulgaria . 
  and he , a serious candidate ( aviation general ) for president ( and now elected ) gave a serious answer that he will look into the issue . 
  this comes from the same people who call you a naive , supersticious and manipulated person if you go to church . 
  you give ample examples from the us political spectrum . 
  this is n't the world , nor does it mean a similar level of conspiracy nuts do n't exist on the far-left . 
  being a liberal here in bulgaria i often communicate with these people , i write in various forums and facebook groups , and can assure you a similar `` panteon '' of conspiracy bullshit exists on the left and is just as widespread among its more radical and/or stupid followers . 
  furthermore , the more to the far left you get the closer these theories are to those of the far right . 
  `` secret cabals rule the world '' , `` american corporations drop chemicals from the sky '' , `` vaccines cause autism '' ( very , very popular among liberal and left-leaning moms here ) , `` the americans did 9/11 to justify their imperialistic wars '' ( very popular among marxists ) etc. 
  one should divide this issue onto `` intelligent vs stupid people '' not `` left wing vs right wing people '' , as there is no reason to believe left or right wing people are dumber than the other group . 
  why ? 
  according to ? 
  of course the far-right believes as well , they are quite similar to the far left in most regards . 
  but entering any leftist or marxist discussion here in bulgaria you are overwhelmed with `` monstano plans to kill our children with gmo and chemtrails '' type of sensationalist bullshit . 
  especially from the anarchsits . 
  our recently elected leftist president was seriously asked during a conference at the socialist party if he will probe into the chemtrails issue and stop them from spraying bulgaria . 
  and he , a serious candidate ( aviation general ) for president ( and now elected ) gave a serious answer that he will look into the issue . 
  this comes from the same people who call you a naive , supersticious and manipulated person if you go to church .
