  it 's their political unity and firm absolutism you should look towards in those days , not some perceived extreme difference in development from the plc. 
  that is what i mean , there are large groups of people from africa and asia [ creating culturally segregated communities for their people within places like france and gb ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/17/french-bar-tells-women-isnt-paris-men/ ) . 
  such have always been known throughout history as `` colonies '' or enclaves . 
  call em what you will . 
  do show me the `` irony '' in acknowledging this development . 
  nope . 
  it 's based on socio-political differences since the problem they have with islam is n't its theological messages , at least i have n't seen european politicians entering a theological argument with islam or opposing it based on the question if allah is a god or mohammed his messenger . 
  the problem with islam is its purely socio-political part that directly replaces existing socio-political systems currently in place in the west . 
  ( liberalism , individualism , secularism etc. ), 
  when you oppose islam on socio-political grounds you are n't entering a religious battle/debate , but a political one . 
  you are defending currently accepted socio-political framework such as secularism or freedom of speech against a restrictive , communal and proto-fascist political ideology , which so happens to be intertwined with a religious belief . 
  ( that no one cares about or attacks ) and you have all the right to do that , same as you have the right to attack fascism , marxism , maoism , nazism , stalinism , liberalism , socialism etc. 
  calling one 's self `` heathen '' because it sounds cooler than just saying an atheist is what makes a person seem like a child . 
  i make fun of that in my above post . 
  they do n't impose islam . 
  or any religious ideology for that matter . 
  except ours are speaking out against the rise in europe of the very same ideology erdogan is trying to impose in turkey . 
  the kurds already are . 
  turkey . 
   and i am sick of paying to syrian refugees . 
  so you think we should ? 
  it would actually be a blessing for us here in bulgaria and other such countries in deeeeep demographic catastrophe . 
  we are threatened with having more old people than of working age within this century , and finding workers is the chief obstacle to our economy and companies . 
  robotisation and automation ca n't come fast enough here . 
  nope it has always been specifically used for pagans of non-abrahamic religions but millennial atheists like to use to cause it sounds like muuuuh vikings and think it makes them look c000l . 
  `` yeaaah , we 're * heathens '' , does it annoy you , you stupid kkkristians !!, 
  i think people would be more open to refugees regardless of repatration if their countries were n't already subject to millions of legal immigrants from africa and the mid east settling what is effectively cultural colonies . 
  france already has a few million algerians and moroccans , the uk has bangladeshis , pakistanis , indians etc , germany has turks and afghans - it is those growing parallel cultures of predominantly muslims across europe that threaten and worry the average person who then opposes refugees because he simply sees them as * yet another drop * in the bucket towards becoming a demographic minority in his own native land one day . 
  you are merely stating how things are , in a conversation about how they should be . 
  no , people from all over the world should n't be allowed to flock to a handful of northern european countries just because they are refugees . 
  europe is n't the world 's refugee camp , nor should it become . 
  it has enough problems as it is assimilating the africans/asians who have come legally by the millions and already are upwards of 8-10 % of france 's or sweden 's population . 
  enough is enough , native people also have rights . 
  how did you get that from his comment ? 
  immigration * is * a privilege , and the countries that formed the eu chose to give that privilege to each next joining it . 
  hence the extremely long and complicated eu joining process , as well as the further restrictions to it from shengen . 
  i can assure you no one here in eastern europe believes it is his birthright/human right to be given access to western europe . 
  it 's a privilege we were given and in exchange we give western europe plenty of privliges ourselves , such as various corporate monopolies through the free market that allow huge western conglomerates to monopolize local industries around here . 
  free movement in the eu can end at any point that giving this privlige is no longer considered a net positive to those who give it . 
  simirarly , when it comes to any other non-eu country it 's up to deciding whether it would be a net positive to give them that * privilege * . 
  again , it 's a privilege to be able to settle in , say , austria , not a human right . 
  if austrians decide it would be a net positive to give that right to countries from africa , asia or the mid-east , they can give it . 
  but those said countries do not have the right to demand settling there before the natives have decided to give them that privilege . 
  how is that so difficult to grasp ? 
  perhaps this is the result of the hypocrisy modern western european society has with regards to tolerating marxism ( even romanticising it often ) , whilst vilifying fascism and socially excluding its members whilst open marxists even get elected ( plenty such podemos council members in barcelona for example ) ? 
  heathens also believe in a god/gods . 
  how many communists/marxists march for independence ? 
  ahh , that 's right , we are never told because no one ever points that out as an accusation the way fascists marching for something does . 
  because they wave a spanish flag ... * in spain * ? 
  in turkey it 's `` the western part '' . 
  which itself is one of few such places in the muslim world as a whole . 
  in eastern europe it 's the other way around - what i described is the norm everywhere and the opposite the exception you would have to look for really hard around the deepest , poorest villages to find . 
  people like you have n't ever discussed your contradictory views on tolerating those who do not want to tolerate you or your views of society , so you ca n't be `` done '' with it . 
  and it makes perfect sense you would never begin to discuss this focal point of your ideology since you are fully aware of the contradiction you will reach once you do . 
  that 's me . 
  hit me up . 
  your nation has a sovereign state , ergo is free from being a minority within another . 
  whatever way it develops from there is irrelevant to this fact . 
  stop attributing positive and negative conotations to `` freedom fighter '' , `` terrorist '' or even `` freedom '' . 
  from an objectivist point of view - yes , they are freedom fighters no matter what methods they use or the consequences of their actions . 
  ( which are , of course , not always a banana republic ), 
  this is all you could answer to . 
  pathetic . 
  you regressive leftists have always resort to personal attacks when the arguments are against you . 
  perhaps we 'll have to wait for a few thousand more children raped by grooming gangs whilst leftist like yourself protect them due to `` racism fears '' , before someone acknowledges there 's a problem in the left regarding political correctness . 
  and yes , i am a liberal and a member of the liberal party here in my country ( sds ) that actually fights the reactionaries and the xenophobes from ataka and bsp . 
  those are completely irrelevant statements to my original comment that you can technically be both a terrorist and a freedom fighter if your goal is to give a nation its own sovereign state by using terrorism for it . 
  they are not self-excluding terms . 
  i lived 4 years in the uk and 2 in belgium , i dated a french girl , i can tell you with certainty what you described is n't unseen in those countries too . 
  ( among the non muslims i mean ) yet no one talks of western europe as `` almost the same '' in women 's rights as the mid east , the way they do for eastern . 
  nope . 
  one can be both a freedom fighter and a terrorist at the same time , they are not contradictory in reality just because the connotations to them contradict in most people 's emotions . 
  what you associate with a term is irrelevant to its objective meaning . 
  yes , that 's what i wrote . 
  one can be both a freedom fighter and a terrorist at the same time , they are not contradictory in reality just because the connotations to them contradict in most people 's emotions . 
  i do n't really understand your comment . 
  nope , they kill or maim with acid their wives , daughters or sisters when they `` shame the family '' by going to university or finding a boyfriend . 
  even when they were born and raised in europe : https://www.theguardian.com/uk/2011/dec/03/honour-crimes-uk-rising, 
  hot slavic girls in miniskirts all over eastern europe partying , working freely , marrying whoever they want , fucking whoever they want , studying whatever they want - we even lead the world , including western europe , in female work participation and female bosses . 
  you compare that as `` not too different '' from places they stone women , do n't let them go out , mutilate their genitals , `` honour kill '' them their own fathers and brothers for going out with the wrong guy etc. 
  pathetic and utter bullshit from the typical left/progressive sack of lies . 
  these are the actual things inside it - the video was shot in bulgaria , on vitosha mountain next to the capital sofia , with authentic bulgarian kukeri and even more authentic bulgarian models . 
  ( honestly , most girls on the street look like that , you got ta visit :d ), 
  they are all terrorists and they are all freedom fighters . 
  they are people who chose to fight for the freedom of their nation through terrorist means . 
  what 's difficult to understand about that ? 
   why should any decent person not discriminate against fascists or nazis ? 
  they should n't , that was my point . 
  why ask me this question ? 
   you use islamists referring to muslims , there 's not much to argue in this point . 
  be honest , you do n't want muslims in your society , textbook bigotry . 
  i use it to refer to any person who believes the laws of our society should be tailored to include the ideas of the quran . 
  i am a liberal and want our laws to refer to individualist and human rights - private property , life , safety , freedom of expression , etc. 
  not religious laws of any kind . 
  islamists are those who want some or all laws of islam , to be part of the legislative . 
  currently a vast majority of muslims want some or most of that . 
  polls show pretty much a vast majority will support either blasphemy laws , laws regarding homosexuality , freedom of speech , women or other . 
  this makes most muslims who live in the west right now islamists . 
  by the textbook definition of it . 
  of course i therefore do n't want them here or want more of them to come .
