  if taking mass numbers of [ `` the new europeans '' ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/axpszdx2pgw/maxresdefault.jpg ) is a good thing for any given society , why is n't it quite easy to relocate the visegrad quotas to any of the countries that propagate the idea that these people are a net positive ? 
  on one in the east claims immigration is itself bad - they claim every nation should choose who to import masses of people from . 
  the poles for example have welcomed more than a million ukrainians and do n't consider this mass immigration into their society bad . 
  they do consider a similar migration from , say , pakistan or algeria bad and insists no one should impose such onto them . 
  if western countries decide they do n't want eastern european immigrants they are free to ban their immigration and only fill their societies with africans and muslims . 
  much good will it do to them . 
  no , he clearly said `` willing countries '' , not border countries . 
  as in , the countries that spread the bullshit of how amazing diversity and mass migration of africans and muslims is , how enriching of our societies and a positive change for the future . 
  if that 's so , then why do n't they act on their word and embrace every migrant they can get their hands on ? 
  surely if it such a positive thing as they insist upon in sweden , germany , france etc. 
  - they ought to be fighting for the chance to get every single one , rather than dump them through quotas on others ? 
  it 's about `` pulling your fair share '' in solidarity with others , right ? 
  poland issued the most residence permits last year of any member state and has taken more than a million people from the overall migrant wave towards the continent . 
  the fact these people do n't pretend to be refugees to the same degree those coming from the south do does n't change that reality . 
  poland is pulling its fare share in the overall migrant pressure on the eu , yet gets punished because it refuses to take people coming from the south * as well as * those coming from the east . 
   the people her party shit on the `` i ca n't think of how can society cope without a centralized , big , welfare state '' line of thinking . 
  i absolutely have no problem with new and evolving ethnic and national groups . 
  i have a problem when such a group is born today , but tomorrow starts claiming that it existed for thousands of years and begins stealing the historical figures of other , actually older such ethnic/national groups . 
  there is zero , absolutely null , historical reference to a slavo-macedonian ethnic identity or nationality when alexander the great lived , when st. cyrill and methodius and st. clement of ohrid lived , when samuil tsar of bulgaria lived , or when paisii hilendarski lived , to even remotely be able to copy-paste the modern slavo-macedonian ethnic/national identity onto them like they do , to the point of filling their capital with kitsch bronze statues of these ancient hellens , bzyantine slavs , bulgars , serbs and others . 
  may the macedonians have a great future as a separate ethnic/national group , i wish them all the luck in the world . 
  i just ask of them to focus on forging their own , unique history , leaders , poets , musicians etc. 
  and stop copy-pasting their 20th century nationality onto people from other nations who lived before that time and only happened to be in the region where centuries later fyrom would be created . 
  according to the macedonians , sure . 
  according to world historiography , alexander was not a slav and had nothing to do even with the region of vardar paeonia , samuil was a medieval bulgarian ruler , no such country or nation of `` macedonian slavs '' existed at any point prior to the 20th century , and merely 100 years ago the vast majority of slavs in modern day fyrom identified either as serbs or bulgarians . 
  the only difference with the `` kosovar nation '' is ~ 50 years of nation building . 
  in 50 years the kosovars will most likely do the exact same things i wrote above and people like you defend how `` authentic '' of a separate nation and history they are and have . 
  which is like a kosovar being offended that someone called him albanian/shiptar and demanding his people are a totally separate nation/ethnicity with `` ancient kosovar '' roots , and great historical kosovars like julius caesar , napoleon and tito ( with bronze statues in pristina ) , while the albanians are a totally different group that just steals the history of the ancient kosovar people . 
  you said they never were powerful in that area , which is entirely wrong . 
  you pointed out to their relative power as a reason he was n't a slav , when the two have nothing to do with each other . 
  he was n't as slav because he simply was n't one , regardless if slavs lived there , were or were n't powerful etc. 
  the slavs could 've just as well been all over the balkans and a super power at the time - it would n't change the fact if alexander was or was n't one . 
  our historiography was fundamentally changed by the perpetrators of the 3rd national disaster , of course they would n't include it as such in the official classification . 
  but history is history . 
  your history sucks . 
  slavs did n't come to the balkans for another 800 years after the death of alexander , so their `` power level '' is entirely irrelevant to the question if alexander was one . 
  slavs built powerful empires in the balkans like first and second bulgarian or 14th century serbian . 
  at some point a south slavic empire ( bulgaria ) was one of only 3 actually powerful countries [ on the entire continent . 
  incorrect . 
  there was a 3rd national disaster and it was the worst one of all , arguably history might remember it as the end of the bulgarian nation . 
  the 9th of september 1944 , sealing our fate as an ex-socialist country that was robbed of its future , lost 2 million people ( up until now ) and might actually never recover . 
  we were the same population and economy as greece in 1939 . 
  due to the 3rd national disaster we are today heading towards 50 % of their population in a couple of decades and already 25 % of their economy . 
  no national disaster before ever had such catastrophic effects . 
  lol it 's just a prank bro relax, 
  a stupid and oversimplistic statement on history . 
  women have been in power plenty of times and in plenty of ocasions thorughout history , yet their track was no better . 
  in fact , female [ european rulers have actually waged more wars on average ] ( http://nymag.com/scienceofus/2016/01/european-queens-waged-more-wars-than-kings.html ) than the average among male ones . 
  to imply there is a genetic prevelance of men or women to be better or worse at decision making is quite sexist in itself and if you are a sexist than why have a problem with more of one sex dominating a given field , as is the case now ? 
  because it 's not the `` right kind '' of sexist ? 
  people like you are the problem because you do n't really have an issue with things like sexism , racism or discrimination - you just have an issue with whom they are directed towards , and simply want to reverse it `` to get even '' . 
  women are the majority of the population and voters - what prevents them from voting women in power more than men without using the state to impose discriminatory sex-based quotas ? 
  i am opposed to there being any kind of people in any kind of position through artificially imposed quotas . 
  there should be laws and regulations oriented as much as humanly possible towards determining the pure , objective ability of every person to succeed in a given field based on his own merit . 
  ever single aspect or trait a person does not choose to have should be irrelevant . 
  if young people want more young politicians in power they should vote for them . 
  if non-legal/business oriented people want such - they should vote for them . 
  if women want more women in positions of power they should vote for them - they are the majority of voters for fuck 's sake but ca n't elect such and need special , state-imposed quotas ? 
  women are above 50 % of the population , and therfore voters , of the vast majority of countries on earth . 
  politicians do not `` promote '' themselves to positions of power , they get elected there by the voters . 
  you seriously claim the majority of voters ( women ) are powerless to place people of their sex in power , so we need specific state-imposed quotas ? 
  if there were no women candidates at all i 'd understand , but that is hardly the case and you can easily fill every country 's parliament with nothing but women many times over based on the female candidates for political office . 
  go ask women why they do n't promote and vote for their own if they consider it such an important thing to have perfectly equal representation . 
  then fix it by organizing women to vote for women , they are after all the majority for christ 's sake . 
  and start thinking of how to change society in these manners - voluntary , through people 's actions and efforts , not by using the state as some sort of machine for social experimentation . 
  it does n't exist to `` mend and reshape '' society - it exists to serve it as nothing but a supporting structure . 
  it 's up to society to mend and reshape society . 
  so work to mend that and create equal opportunities , where each candidate is judged solely on his abilities . 
  quotas are the opposite of this . 
  people are elected based on their ability to convince others to elect them . 
  that 's the merit in this line of work . 
  circumnavigating this to artificially put people in power based on inherited traits is the opposite of merit . 
  no `` narrative '' should be the goal of our societies , but a meritocracy of equal opportunities for all , regardless if the results of one such do not fit any given `` narrative '' . 
  i asked why this is a target , not if it is . 
  no , you build equal opportunities making sure that whomever tries to succeed in a given field is judged solely on his abilities and performance , not on any inherent traits . 
  that 's meritocracy . 
  quotas for people of given colour , sex , sexual orientation or any other such trait is the opposite of an equal opportunity . 
  it means someone of better abilities can loose the opportunity to take a given place because someone of worse abilities was given to fill some quota . 
  why do you assume someone brings a constructuve or good view point just because he has different life experiences or is part of a different , marginalized group ? 
  can i ask for some nazis or wahabis in parliament too , since there certainly are such people in society who would like to be represneted , and since these people will bring `` different view points '' to many issues ? 
  `` a different view point '' is not inherently a good thing just by itself . 
  that 's why we have elections and parties that offer various solutions and viewpoints . 
  vote for them and let those with the best get into office , not those who were merely born with a given sex , race or otherwise . 
  then make it a meritocracy . 
  strive for equal opportunities , not equal outcomes through artificially `` mimicking '' the reality you would like to see . 
  if you artificially fill harvard with a bunch of kids from the poorest strata of society , does it mean you have achieved a society where everyone , even the poor , can succeed based on their abilities and ambition , or are you just pretending this is the case through quotas ? 
  when one applies this to all categories of differences you get the identity politics and complete death of meritocracy of any kind . 
  `` how can able-bodied people know my experiences as a blind/deaf/cripled person and represent me ? 
  i demand a quota for blind , deaf , crippled etc. 
  people in parliament , every university , council and corporate board ! '', 
  parity would n't be against meritocracy anywhere , if it is achieved naturally - more women succeed in given male dominated areas like engineering , programming , politics , sales etc. , so more are present . 
  to artificially shove them in , through quotas or sex-based promotions is the very opposite of meritocracy . 
  weird , maybe . 
  as it is weird there are much more than three times as many male deaths in the line of work across the entire globe than women , or that females dominate a lot of care-related industries . 
  something being `` weird '' does n't necessarily mean there is a problem to be fixed through artificial policies . 
  i am short , `` how can 70 % tall parliament represent me '' ? 
  i am black haired , `` how can 70 % non-black haired parliament represent me '' ? 
  i am below the age of 30 , `` how can 90 % above 30 parliament represent me '' ? 
  meritocracy , now . 
  why is `` half men , half women '' a target in the first place ? 
  what does chromosome type have to do with one 's ability to do this job ?
