  the opinion of turks is related to whether they support the ethnic turkish party - dps , or not . 
  if they do , they are hated , since the party is one of the most corrupt parties in europe , entirely supportive of the local oligarchy and a creation of the communists . 
  you just say you ' r turk - you ' r fine , you say you are a dps supporter , you 'll get hate . 
  again , i repeat when i say `` eastern europe '' i do n't mean the strictly scientific term , be it from geography or history . 
  i already concurred eastern europe is a totally different area if we talk in the above terms . 
  i use it differently and in my definition the requirements i listed are needed . 
  since czechia meets those requirements i call it so and when it no longer does , i will stop . 
  soon we 'll have to redefine lots of regions in europe due to the changing circumstances and dying soviet legacy , but that time has not yet come . 
  a clear difference can still be observed between czechia , poland and ukraine on one hand - germany , france and the uk on the other , so putting such a broad difference `` western '' - `` eastern '' between them still applies in that sense . 
  yes , it doesn `` t apply in geographic sense so stop giving me examples of such . 
  and i will call you that when it happens . 
  but as long as i go to prague and see a lovely old town surrounded by a belt of soviet architecture that can just as easily make you think you ' r in vladivostok - you ' r `` eastern europe '' in my eyes . 
  it 's just self-satire . 
  i love sofia . 
  i did have palinka in a neighbouring to your country , and it was called the same way . 
  they did claim it is purely theirs though . 
  wan na guess the country ? 
  now i really want to do this to a greek and pretend i 'm just doing it the right way without being supposed to know it offends him . 
  true . 
  and until the legacy of those 44 years is clearly visible , affecting our lives directly and easily making states that had it distinguishable from those that did n't - i 'll consider it a relevant determination of `` eastern europe '' . 
  from a purely geographic point of view the centre of the entire continent is in the baltics ( latvia i think ) , but you realize how ridiculous it is to consider it there when talking from a socio-cultural and historical point of view . 
  we ' r not geographers to be talking entirely according to the 100 % scientific measurment of countries in europe . 
  we talk colloqually and in those terms all slavic , ex-socialsit countries are know as `` eastern europe '' . 
  and you think that would offend me , because ? 
  not everyone is so desparate to be called `` central european '' for self validation . 
  there 's countries in asia far richer and more developped than your `` totally central european '' czechia . 
  they had to choose between this and saying `` the dog ate them '' . 
  are you east of germany , slavic , ex-communist and with a large abundance of the huge grey apartament blocks ? 
  you ' r eastern europe , brother . 
  visit . 
  are you 6 ? 
  that 's the dumbest explanation i ' v seen . 
  the biggest economy in the balkans is turkey , whereas the greek crisis has had a quite positive effect on bulgaria in particular , where a ton of greek business has move to to cut costs , and plenty of students and recently even workers from greece came . 
  the large companies from greece that used to bring business have actually left greece itself and continue to do business here , such as coca cola hellenic which jumped ship to switzerland . 
  the only economic dependency of bulgaria on greece is a few greek banks that are big here , but they report zero trouble and also , in fact , expanded recently . 
  so , no - greece 's collapse is by far not the catastrophe for neighbouring countries you make it seem . 
  it has , actually , even positive effects for them in some areas . 
  the price of everything fell in the 90s together with the sallaries and pensions , same as it increased with their increase asfter 2000 . 
  and who said the economy should n't collapse ? 
  you had your fun living an artificially high standard as the eu 's `` favourite child '' for more than 30 years , an economical collapse is a fair price for that . 
  no one bails out a person who lived for decades better than he could afford , so why should a country be any different . 
  ( and it is n't in the case of any other besides greece ), 
  perhaps if you slashed your sallaries and pensions by 70 % , as did the ex-communist countries in the 90s , you 'd resolve this quicker ? 
  but how will you guys afford bulgarian maids and italian cars if you do that ... 
  living like hell ? 
  jesus , greece is still a first world country , try slashing your pensions to 100 euros and average sallaries to 300 euros , as happened in eastern europe when communism fell , then tell me again how you `` live in hell '' . 
  it 's this feeling of entitlement that caused your country 's problems in the first place . 
  i think poles have very different opinion of the historical muslim community of tatars in poland and the recent wave of muslim immigrants to europe . 
  same as with our historic turkish and bulgaro-muslim community on one hand and the morrocan/pakistani/algerian etc. 
  immigrants in western europe . 
  glad at least one person noticed rather than saying this thread helps their click-bait article . 
  i do n't care how obsessed they are with race in their own country , it 's when they come to eastern europe and try projecting their own race relations , history and white guilt on us that annoys me . 
  where all white nations have to pay for the past actions of a few ? 
  first of all , it would only be civil war if you turks keep blatantly refuse to recognise a separate nation that the kurds are and their right to a country . 
  second of all , you did n't `` just mock '' someone , you expressed joy at the prospect of what he wrote - europe as we know it to end under muslim migration . 
  i merely noted that this prospect is less likely than the one turkey as we know it to end under kurdish growth , and proceeded to express joy at the thought the same way you had . 
  so do n't cry like a kid , you started it , but obviously ca n't handle when the same is directed towards you and your country . 
  since the percentage of muslims in europe is 5-6 times smaller than the percentage of kurds in turkey , it 'll be much sooner that kurds break turkey into two than europe ended by the muslims . 
  considering their rising percentage in turkey due to birth rates - i hope you get ready for your country to crack like an egg in our lifetime . 
  you seriously need a high-school course of debating and a list of logical fallacies . 
  is exaggerating , straw-manning and taking literally a figurative comparison the only way you know how to argue ? 
  am i wasting time with an elementary school student ? 
  the slavs came shortly before the bulgarians and mixed with them , they are part of the newcomers of the time , not the millenia-old thracian culture . 
  bulgarians and slavs together wiped out the latinised and hellenised thracian identity and culture , creating in the process the modern bulgarian nation . 
  orthodox christianity was not part of the lands of modern bulgaria - paganism still flourished and the dominant form of christianity was aryanism . 
  the bulgarians first imposed their tengri religion , and then chose to convert to orthodox christianity , imposing it as well over the thracian pagan heritage of the region , destroying the remaining pagan temples and leaving the thracian burial grounds forgotten for a thousand years before we started discovering them again . 
  bulgarian tzars fashioned themselves as slavic versions of the byzantine emperors with bulgar heritage . 
  entirely different from the thracian kings of old or their later - latinised roman versions . 
  when my people came they destroyed the previously existing civilization and culture in what is today bulgaria . 
  they imposed their own identity , their own culture , their own traditions , religion , state etc. 
  the latinised and hellenised thracians who lived here are no more . 
  they are but a footnote in history - their language , culture , traditions and identity are all gone . 
  that 's what happens when a massive immigration takes place - the previously existing civilization pays the price . 
  i know it precisely because my people did that to someone 1300 years ago . 
  so it makes even more sense , being bulgarian , to be afraid of the same thing happening to us and the rest of the europeans today . 
  your `` edgy '' jab at my nationality is actually counter-productive . 
  as a bulgarian i hate those kinds of surveys , since they are always based on the perception of people in those countries , rather than objective comparison , and if my people lead the world in something it 's pessimism , grumpyness and feeling sorry for one 's self . 
  it 's common to hear people in bulgaria say they live worse than those in africa , or that our country is more shitty than afghanistan , or that a `` genocide '' is being commited against us , or that we 're dying on the streets like flies and people are starving across the whole country ... etc. 
  you get the picture - exaggeration of bad things has become a national past time and it always puts us at the bottom of classifications , even when we 're not as bad in many criteria ( eg . 
  homeownership is very high , days off each ear and holidays are plentifull etc. ), 
  bulgaria has the highest homeownership rate in the world , together with the rest of the balkans and eastern europe , so rent is n't an issue . 
  cars are pretty cheap to maintain , but even those who do n't have them can get by easily with public transport . 
  electricity and heating are the biggest strain on the budget of the poor . 
  he 's an authoritarian populist , working against a strong europe and one of the remaining trojan horses of the kremlin in europe . 
  but he 's right . 
  because every single time it happened on a massive scale before it was the end of the previously existing civilization . 
  why people do n't understand the desire of some to preserve their centuries-old existing identities , cultures , traditions and nationhood is beyond me . 
  wow , much edgy , very smart-ass . 
  do n't play stupid , you know very well what he means . 
  it 's even funnier how many of these africans then go back on vacation to their supposedly `` dangerous '' homelands , as was with the eritreans in norway . 
  uhmmm ... where they belong ? 
  i mean , there 's zero reason why poorer people should be able to live in the centre of large cities . 
  centers of cities should be where rents are naturally higher . 
  that 's where the economical and administrative centre is , that 's where the best landmarks and infrastructure is , that 's where the prettiest parts of each city are . 
  there 's nothing more logical than better real estate and location to cost more . 
  there 's nothing more natural than people who earn more to be able to afford life in the best parts of town and those who earn the least - in the worst parts of town . 
  putting a cap on this is like putting a limit on how much clothes , or cars , or restaurant meals can cost , because `` it is unfair that some people can afford the better clothes/cars/meals and others ca n't '' . 
  no , it 's not unfair , it 's the most normal thing in the world that better costs more . 
  same as better clothes cost more , so too better real estate and location should cost more , and the centres of large cities are the best location . 
  which should thus cost the most , instead of being controlled by the state because we want some sort of artificial social engineering .
