  were the people robbed of their houses , flats and private property if they belonged to the `` bourgeoisie '' ? 
  were the people robbed of their free , private enterprise ? 
  was such enterprise outlawed ? 
  was almost all enterprise and economy collectivised ? 
  was private capital outlawed ? 
  was private banking outlawed ? 
  was currency trading outlawed ? 
  was even food collectivised and state-controlled ? 
  were price controls imposed ? 
  was private wage labour criminalized ? 
  i can go on for some time of all the things the ussr did which were pure marxism , no matter how many modern day marxists cry `` it was n't * trueeee * marxsim !!! '', 
  nope , i called your argument irrelevant to the topic at hand - to point out that people who suffered from colonialism are still alive today is irrelevant to your previous claim that the people of modern france or gb should be blamed or pay for colonialism that they did n't create themselves . 
  you are trying to legitimize ancestral and national guilt over personal/individual responsibility and that 's what i argue against . 
  yes there is `` doubt '' of the irony since it lies on the grounds of ancestral/national guilt being a real thing . 
  it is n't . 
  people are only responsible for their own , personal actions . 
  so if the english or french today are against colonies in their countries this is n't an irony of any kind , as those same english and french never created colonies in other countries . 
  your entire accusation of irony rests on the idea of ancestral/communal guilt and your inability to legitimize such guilt is why you are now running away from the conversation with personal accusations towards me . 
  if they did n't russia would reach warsaw 150 years earlier than it did . 
  an absolutist , militarist poland would n't have problems with small prussia and austria , but it would still have with rising russia , so pushing as far east as possible is the only thing it could 've done . 
  if anything , a mistake was not pushing proper in 1612 when they took moscow and the boyars were ready to crown the polish heir as tsar . 
  a union with muscovy at that point , plus an absolutist polish ruler on the throne of the two countries would cement a serious power for the centuries to come . 
  not isolating yourself to a tiny regional country of the size of bohemia with giant russia all over the east . 
  no amount of development would 've saved poland then and the partitioning would start well into the 17th century instead . 
  in the second world war ? 
  of course . 
  it saved them from a genocidal nazi regime . 
  for 20 years before the second world war and 40 years after it - of course not . 
  it imposed marxism and totalitarianism . 
  i am not bulgarian , i am polish , the very idea that you can dismiss an accusation towards the red army on the grounds of someone 's nationality is pathetic . 
  even if i was bulgarian i did n't commit the above crimes , did i ? 
  i am an individual who is responsible for his crimes only , so it would only be hypocrisy if i were a rapist who accused the red army of rape . 
  i am not , so i have as much right to accuse it as anyone else in the world . 
  individuals do not carry ancestral responsibility or national one for the acts of other individuals . 
  because of the above 2 points there is absolutely no need for me to defend or excuse bulgaria to have the right to criticise the red army . 
  but i will still do it because you are also factually wrong : - bulgaria participated in the second world war only to reunite with its ethnic lands that were taken from it in the balkan and first world war . 
  it did n't declare war on the soviet union and remained the only axis power to keep diplomatic relations with it and not send any army to help hitler in his conquests . 
  - bulgaria was the only axis country to ** save ** its jewish population , by openly defying hitler and risking an invasion itself . 
  [ this makes your comment ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/how-bulgaria-saved-its-jews-from-nazi-concentration-camps/2013/05/08/e866bdda-8cb1-11e2-9838-d62f083ba93f_story.html ) not just morally repugnant with its ancestral guilt accusation , but also factually idiotic . 
  i was certainly not rude at any point in my comments and presented/defended my arguments in the most clear and polite way . 
  if you ca n't counter them the mature way is to admit you were wrong , not make up accusations to use as excuse . 
  now * that * is a rude tactic . 
  have a good day , please reply only if you have come up with arguments to defend your points or counter mine , i have no interrest in a personal fight on our characters . 
  free trade merely shows the extend to which a local industry is efficient . 
  if it is n't , it should n't exist there and must be replaced with whatever can be most efficiently produced in said region/country . 
  to have balanced trade you need each country/region to focus on what it is most efficient at producing , not to limit free trade , which simply pushes the world to achieving the greatest measure of efficiency in each region because if it does n't , it will get overcompeted by the same industry in a more efficient region . 
  be better prepared next time . 
  force what upon us ? 
  free trade ? 
  oh god , people becoming free to exchange goods without the meddling and theft of state bureaucracies ... how dreadful . 
  * and at joining germany in alliances, 
  for anyone who does n't consider foreign occupation/aggression and rape moral good . 
   there are still people alive that lived and suffered in those colonies . 
  so this ai n't ancient history . 
  an irrelevant statement to make with regards to demanding ancestral guilt from people who never participated in colonisation . 
   if by your assertion they see themselves as being colonized , then they are acting as brats . 
  do you say that because : 1 . 
  you do n't think there is an ongoing demographic colonisation in those countries . 
  you think there is , but that they should be ok with it and are being `` brats '' for not wanting that . 
  like you think a native demographic majority is some kind of a `` luxury toy '' they do n't have the right to want . 
  of course i do , hence the quotes . 
  that 's how you impersonate someone in written word . 
  france and england are not biological entities that live on through the centuries and carry whatever guilt with them . 
  they are made up of people . 
  each person is responsible for nothing but his own actions , hence the current population of england and france has nothing to be responsible for . 
  no colonies were invaded or enslaved by the current french or english people . 
  they are as guilty as the eskimo or aboriginal austrialians , and have the same right to live in their own countries and have their own societies as anyone else in the world . 
  i studied at an english and later a belgian universities . 
  i can assure you the colonial past is very well known and something they keep repenting for to the point of becoming ridiculous . 
  `` white '' ( colonial ) guilt is a very real thing in europe that you wo n't see in other colonial countries like turkey or japan . 
  how are they acting as `` spoiled brats '' exactly ? 
  prepared to defend a statement you make . 
  in this case - you made the one that it is `` religious hatred '' to oppose islam in europe . 
  i laid out my arguments why it is a political debate , not a religious one to oppose islam in europe , to which you could n't provide your own arguments instead , so chose to find a way out . 
  hence why i used cultural colonies . 
  enclaves of people who do not assimilate into the native identity no matter how many generations pass , threatening to form an ever increasing demographic group within the host country . 
  this , mind you , is also different from `` communities of immigrants '' . 
  simply a community of immigrants , say like the romanian ones in spain or italy , does n't necessarily turn into a cultural colony . 
  it needs to close itself off to assimilation and continue to grow indefinitely in order to become a colony . 
  whereas romanians eventually assimilate into spanish or italian society ones 1 or two generations pass , with the result being fully native ethnic italians or spaniards who just know they used to have some romanian ancestry . 
  menawhile i met moroccans at leuven university in belgium who were born and raised in beligum , and so were their parents , yet these people were fully , and 100 % moroccan , with a complete ethnic moroccan identity and zero such flemish or walloon . 
  they had 0 % assimilated into the native population even after 3 generations , precisely because they spend their whole lives in these cultural colonies , slowly creating a third major demographic group within the country of belgium , same as they do within france , holland , uk , germany etc. 
  an unnecessary balkanization and islamization of those societies that we , here in the balkans , know exactly what leads to . 
  we 're just waiting for you guys to take off the rose-tinted glasses and see it as well - the vast majority of those people have nothing but contempt for your societies , cultures and values and will cause you considerable `` trouble '' ones they reach 20-25 % of the population ( they are already 10 % in france alone ) . 
  i claim nothing else but the fact islam has a socio-political message as well as a religious one , and thus it is n't `` religious hatred '' to oppose that exact socio-political message . 
  you are the one who has no answer to that and is looking for a way out for the past few comments . 
  be better prepared next time , this is n't facebook . 
  why would a muslim ever do that in a million years ? 
  if he ends up voting for the nativist , right-wing , anti-islam party - he 's most likely not a muslim any more . 
  so the core message of these parties - stop islamic migration or else you 'll see islamism voted in one day like it is in turkey , makes perfect sense in a * political * discourse , not a religious one . 
  they are trying to prevent the fundamental change of our * political * system away from the above mentioned pillars of our civilization . 
  just because a religion is the one bringing that change does n't make our opposition to it a `` religious hatred '' . 
  it remains a political opposition to a political change , that the members of a religion just so happen to be carriers of . 
  actually the polish crown lands within the plc had a higher percentage of urbanisation than the average european at the time and were by no means poorer or less developed than austria or prussia before they were utterly destroyed and plundered by the swedish . 
  they later recovered to some extend and were still quite well off compared to most parts of europe in the late 18th century . 
  the problem of the commonwealth was its political structure , not development level or poverty . 
  an absolute monarchy plc would crush all those countries you mentioned without a problem and easily be one of europe 's leading empires in the 19th century . 
  instead , it fell apart without its enemies having to actively conquer it - precisely because it 's problem was n't the lack of economic , demographic or technological strength , but political such . 
  you vastly overestimate the situation in the neighbouring states . 
  prussia 's peasants for example were notoriously poor and exploited by the military aristocracy .
