  what one takes from that fact is his own decision . 
   also , i would say that the degree to which bulgaria gets hurt is far smaller than you make it seem i did n't `` make it seem '' , that 's you once again projecting and puting words in my mouth to delute the subject . 
  i directly stated how much they hurt bulgarian producers - 15 million euro is the official estimations up to that point . 
  if this is a lot or not i have n't given a measure , anyone can decide for themsleves . 
  but it * is * a degree of hurt for people unresponsible for the farmers ' problems , and that 's all i wrote . 
   i guess it serves the bulgarian status-quo to blame greek farmers for every shortcoming you have there and that bulgarians are all too eager to nod in agreement . 
  another dillution of the subject , another way to point finger at someone else or just desperately strike back at people criticising what the farmers are doing . 
  i guess a tradition of yours at that point . 
  i should complete ignore it , as it is merely a fallacy in a debate to use , but let me instead ask you what exactly shortcomings of bulgarian society have i , or has anyone in this thread , blamed the greek farmers or greece as a whole for ? 
  one single example to back your bold claim above . 
  another poor attempt at distorting the topic , we ' v already seen you lack the arguments please do n't embarrass yourself any further . 
  you know very well the argument was that greek farmers are chosing to hurt people unresponsible for their problems , and not even from their country . 
  instead of taking their protest to the greek parliament in athens , they block the border of a country that has nothing to do with their issues . 
  now , if you have run out of arguments to defend this action the manly thing to do is admit it or leave . 
  stop wiggling around the topic like a worm , no one is fooled . 
  you ' r quite weak at following an argument , you know that ? 
  find the intellectual and emotional maturity to either admit when you ' v nothing left to say , or not say anything more at all . 
  grabbing desperately to any word you can to somehow derail the topic is pathetic . 
   it sounds like you should be joining in protest . 
  we do , by blockading our [ parliament ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/qs6hcbhph6u/maxresdefault.jpg ) , where those responsible are . 
  not by bankrupting our strugling producers , or even less so - those of neighbouring countries . 
   sailors do that . 
  happy ? 
  nope , because we 're not talking about sailors here . 
  we 're talking about the farmers , and they ' r the ones who ' v been intentionally hurting bulgaria around 15 years in a row now , blockading periodically the border . 
  what do i care that others blockade where they should be , if those do n't and hurt us due to their own internal problems ? 
  it 's more like you ' r drowning and decide that out of frustration for your captain , who 's doing nothing to stop the drowning , you 'll punch holes in your neighbour 's ship as well . 
  we 're the poorest country in the eu , 3 times smaller average sallaries than greece , but they made our producers lose 15 million eur for ... what ? 
  to protest their own government ? 
  and they ' v been doing that for years . 
  wait until autumn harvest ends and go to block our border . 
  they piss on us , consider us beneath them and do n't give a shit how much damage they cause . 
  never blockade their own ports during tourism season . 
  no , that would hurt greece , but who gives a fuck about bulgaria , despite it not being at fault for the farmers ' problems . 
  they ' r entitled , chauvinistic bunch of farmers and they deserve every punishment our producers give them with counter blockades . 
  georgia and ukraine . 
  keeping part of moldova occupied through a puppet regime of ex-kgb officers . 
  constant infiltration of agents into estonia , to the point of even kidnapping an estonian border guard to use as an exchange for own captured agents . 
  more ? 
  nothing . 
  have i talked of such people ? 
  or did i talk of people who clearly have n't adopted our heritage but instead cling on to that of the islamic civilization ? 
  which is profoundly different , and often opposed , to `` our european culture '' . 
  are you drawing the parallel that multicultural , islamised europe is as inevitable to win against a preserved national demographic as capitalism was against communism ? 
  would n't you say it 's just a piece of a longer battle about europe 's overal demographic change ? 
  it 's `` just '' a million syrian refugees . 
  it 's `` just '' a couple million pakistanis in england . 
  it 's `` just '' 8 % of france 's population up from less than 0.5 % a generation ago . 
  it 's `` just '' a few hundred thousand afrikans in sweden , or 3 million turks in germany . 
  it always seems to be `` just '' a few more . 
  until when ? 
  there 's zero plans or opinion ever given by the left and progressives to how much . 
  what 's the end goal . 
  when is enough . 
  when such profound demographic changes start to become dangerous . 
  hence why it 's about time we start opposing these steps . 
  one by one . 
  no matter how small . 
  it 's a referendum on that , not just these 1200 people . 
  the kind of referendum the progressives never put forth when deciding unilaterally europe 's demographic future . 
  it 's quite ironic that the left today is the one spearheading anti-semitism and `` zionist '' conspiracy bullshit , rather than the far-right . 
  when you add its push for ever more totalitarian measures of censorship ( political correctness ) and social coercion of people disagreeing with the discourse , you kinda get the feeling they ' v become what they claimed to be fighting 70 years ago . 
   it 's quite ironic that the left today is the one spearheading anti-semitism and `` zionist '' conspiracy bullshit , rather than the far-right . 
  when you add its push for ever more totalitarian measures of censorship ( political correctness ) and social coercion of people disagreeing with the discourse , you kinda get the feeling they ' v become what they claimed to be fighting 70 years ago . 
  oppps , wrong thread . 
  if not wanting kids to be born with horrendous genetic diseases is being vindictive , i 'd better go check myself at the doctor . 
  sounds like to you i want revenge for my own birth rather than just protect other people from their parents ' cruel egotism . 
  sorry , i did n't get at all that last remark . 
  i 'm arguing precisely that people do n't do what is right , and hence we should make laws protecting children from the negative and selfish decisions of parents . 
  you seem to agree on that point with what you write above . 
  no , you are very much wrong here , your rights as a person or citizen only extend to where the other people 's rights begin . 
  a person 's right to be born without horrible and debilitating genetic deseases is n't less worth than the right of people to create offspring . 
  if creating offspring means taking away the person 's right to be born healthy , then you lose that right . 
  too bad , genetics determined you should ' t procreate , go adopt . 
  but do n't condemn another person to suffering just because you believe it is your right to have a kid no matter what , and you were too picky to adopt one but insisted it must carry your genes , even if they are highly predisposed to a desease . 
  this is n't `` right '' , this is cruel egotism that harms people and should be absolutely fought against my society and the state . 
  you completely misunderstood or misread my post . 
  i did n't claim bulgarians are still traditional/rural - i claimed the opposite , that we transitioned into the post industrial society along with the rest of europe , but had our economy collapse . 
  creating the difference with western europe - we have their civilizational and societal understandings and expectations , but not their wealth . 
  your entire long post is based on your mistake or unwillingness to read my post . 
  go back and try again . 
  stop putting just poverty as a reason . 
  people in far , far poorer countries than bulgaria or regions than eastern europe end up happier as societies . 
  there are , therefore , other reasons that accumulate to this and i have written my view - poverty alone makes a society considerably more unhappy only if it has already made the transition into post-industrial societal values . 
  the combination of the two here makes people unhappy . 
  poverty in societies taht are still rural and traditional-family based does n't hae the same affect because the life expectations are considerably different and less affected by poverty . 
  ( family rather than career / kids rather than house and car etc. ), 
  which is a problem . 
  protecting people 's health should be a state initiative , including concerning genetic deseases . 
  your right to have a baby is n't stronger than a person 's right to be born without a severe genetic desease his parents were well worn about but still chose to not adopt instead , because of * reasons * . 
  you misunderstand . 
  i meant that there is a line between people living in a traditionally rural , family-based societies where the entire familial group up to grandparents live under one roof and people are expected to make a family above all in the world ( career , home , care etc. 
  ) , and a society that is post-industrial , where the ideas have shifted toward personal success , careers , individualism as opposed to communialism , perosnal property and capital acumulation . 
  in the latter , one does n't need to have `` first world wellfare expectations '' - simply the expectations to live as a self-sustaining , independent professional who makes enough to be an economically free citizen . 
  bulgarians most deffinitely had that and still do . 
  as all post-rural , post-traditional societies do . 
  you mistake that for some sort of first-world entitlement i describe , when it is n't . 
  it 's basic replacement of values and priorities to those of the late industrial and post-industrial world . 
  so no need for long lectures on how bad our collapse was . 
  i know .
