  my mentality is inconsequential to the industrial and demographic base of eastern europe . 
  he is a white , cis-gendered male in power ( a transgression by itself ) , daring to talk about the birth rates of africans - historically oppressed people of colour , and even framing it as a problem . 
  and you do n't find that deeply problematic and a clear product of the toxically masculine , heterepatriarchical norms of the white supremacy dominating france and europe ? 
  then you are clearly part of the problem yourself . 
  yes comrade !, 
  the bourgeoisie of europe is deathly affraid of the fact africa will quadruple to 4 billion people this century , knowing that if even 1 % move here they will lose their power !, 
  destroying white people 's nations and supremacy inside europe si the first step towards the intersectional abolition of the so-called `` western civilization '' and its oppressive institutions and concepts , worst of all capitalism !, 
  not an argument . 
  macron is a much bigger white supremacists , as he proved in his last week 's africa speech which reinforced the heteropatriarchical norms of post-colonialism . 
  ee will never catch up to we . 
  we used the only window of opportunity to amass the wealth and infrastructure it has - right after ww2 , when most of the world was underdevelopped and they could monopolize entire sectors and create industries unchallanged , whilst still having a traditional society of high birth rates and no immigration . 
  we missed that opportunity under communism and only started really building our market economies 20 years ago . 
  when the world already has a lot of competition and our demographics are ruined by miniscule birth rates and our own huge emigration . 
  we will never catch up , we missed the last train towards the super developed and rich type of society west germany or ireland became after ww2 . 
  now the fight is not to disappear completely off the face of the earth as people with the demographic catastrophe we have and the potential mass migration of the 21st century from other continents . 
  africa ), 
  not an argument . 
  paving the way to universal representative democracy is like paving it towards the end of the cliff . 
  the hypocrisy is lost on many because they associate revolution with the rosy lie it , and all like it in history , have been made up to be . 
  some sort of righteus struggle of the people , when in fact they were all - every single bloody social revolution in modern history , just a disastrous regression into mob rule and deconstruction of the fundmental pillars of what made europe a power . 
  universal democracy is the worst cancer this continent has ever contracted , and seeing how things are going at the moment , it might be the death of it . 
  pretty horrible reason to celebrate . 
  revolutions have been a bane on european civilization and the introduction of the disastrous universal democracy as opposed to monarchy was the worst decision ever made on this continent . 
  - they had no idea there were only 7 people and hardly cared about them at all . 
  - they stormed to take the weapons inside and because they were an unruly mob led by violent extremists . 
  once again - the fact you have your straw man of a church inside your head does n't change the very real statistics you can find , and i have for 2 papers i wrote on the church at uni , on what it does , how much it spends , how many people it helps , etc. 
  there is no `` catholic church of poland '' - it is all one catholic church , and the money they will earn from tickets or prices in lichen will go to congo same as those from any other place . 
  you are essentially being butthurt that a bunch of people voluntarily give their money to an organisation who then uses those money to help millions in the poor world or build nice buildings that will remain as cultural heritage for centuries to come here . 
  it 's the most petty , pathetic butthurt a man can have . 
  no one is forcing you , no one is asking for your money , but you despise that others do this . 
  truly sad , i pity you and your spite . 
  no , catholic church priests do not live in huge , private mansions and do not own privately any church property or revenue to spend as they desire for hookers , jets , drugs and lamborghinis . 
  there is zero comparison wtih the celebrity pastors you seem to be more knowledgeable on than your own church 's function and inner workings . 
   you did n't deserve us . 
  poland was a small , quasi dictatorship that merely took a tiny region from czechoslovakia inhabited by poles . 
  britain and france were history 's largest colonial empires , who conquered , butchered , repressed and starved millions around the world , including during ww2 and after it . 
  ( churchill starving bengal in 43 ' , france 's indochina and algiers wars ... ) yet they , the small non-colonial country ** did n't deserve ** you , the huge murderous empires ? 
  lol , are you for real you stuck up french asshole ? 
  how is your statement contradicting to mine ? 
  it is a fact the church is the largest charity in the world , it is a fact they hold over 5000 missions and help millions in the poor world . 
  that they also continue to be mecenats of the arts and create the same wonderful pieces of architecture and art that make our entire continent beautiful over the centuries in no way contradicts that . 
  art is not `` human vanity '' . 
  what this entire situtation is - people who want the church to exist and build wonderful things give it money voluntarily . 
  the church uses them to do this . 
  result : the church is happy , the people who give it money are happy , the poor who are helped by it are happy , the tourists who visit the cathedrals are happy , everyone is happy except a bunch of atheists on the side , who did n't give money but are desperately pulling `` arguments '' against the church out of their asses because it is doing with the money catholics give it - what catholics want it to do . 
  truly petty , desperate and pathetic . 
  on the contrary . 
  the church needs huge profits from various economic enterprises in order to continue being the largest charitable organisation in the world , with over 5000 missions across the planet , helping literary millions of people for free in the most desolate of places . 
  taking money , entirely voluntarily unlike taxes , from donations in the developed world like europe or north america , and then using them to feed , house or provide healthcare to people in congo or india is , in my view , precisely what the church should be doing . 
  and it is . 
  the above building/complex is an example of it . 
  exactly what of all you mentioned is wrong ? 
  it sounds like a profitable investment by the church , how is that bad ? 
  literary a copy of : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6n1dol/presidents_of_europe_romania/ with equally no additional info from the poster . 
  edgy millennial atheists : `` but why do n't they sell all they have and give it to the poor , haha check mate kkkristians '' also , ironically , polish people most likely . 
  the ones on this sub are overwhelmingly of the hard-core self-hating , national-denying kind that desperately wants to `` fit in '' with the progressive westerners by shitting on poland and all in it , especially connected to history , patriotism or religion . 
  then the parties and people supporting open borders and mass migration , like the socialists and greens , are by your logic `` pro-putin '' , because their actions aid anti-eu sentiments , create a riff between the border countries , eastern ones and western ones , and effectively aid putin ? 
  enforcing border laws is doing the right thing . 
  also , they are both white supremacists . 
  at least he 's not a racist like macron . 
  big deal , less than 5 % of the population are homosexual , there are far more pressing and widespread issues that do n't get nearly as much attention as this , because they do n't win you progressive virtue signalling points as much . 
  who says you either have : 1 . 
  a right to take a large ammount of someone 's earnings because he is rich . 
  a right to anyone 's wealth to \u201e trickle down '' to you ? 
  rich people will keep more of their money than give it over to an overbearing state way beyond what its functions should be ? 
  good . 
  so should everyone else . 
  similarly , the `` authoritarianism '' of trump , kaczynski or may is n't nearly as widespread as r/politics or huffpost make it seem . 
  whereas the post-modernist progressives in the west do n't want to dismantle it ? 
  the divisive identity politics , the self-hating agendas , the insistence on hate speech laws , open borders etc. 
  - all that is n't authoritarian and essentially dismantling of the democracy and rights on which western civilization is built ? 
  and you introduced protestantism - i hope you know how massive birth rates are in protestant areas of africa like half of nigeria for example , set to reach 400 million people and surpass the us by 2100 ? 
  these religions have zero impact on how much africans breed - it 's all the same be they muslims , catholics , protestant or traditional religions . 
  they most definitely did not say that . 
  we actually have pretty good accounts on how they viewed their world and how proud they were of themselves and their cities and countries at the time . 
  how they called paris `` the city of lights '' after electricity and how they glorified their civilizations and achievements on the world fairs at the start of the last century . 
  in fact , a lot of wrong , negative myths about the medieval age come for the 19th century , like that people thought the earth was flat or never bathed , so i 'd say they actually had a too negative perception of the past . 
  the opposite of your claim . 
  i do n't have a romantic view . 
  i am fully aware how and why built these most beautiful centers of our cities and believe it should continue to be so . 
  gentrification should go full force and standards once again returned so that rich people can beautify the cities and spend on art and architecture in them which remains for the centuries to come , rather than go out into suburbs and leave the cities and downtowns to be ugly , socialized housing for the poor . 
  we have amazing heritage of architecture and art in europe to enjoy today precisely because of rich people who lived in the cities and invested in it as part of a culture which valued it . 
  dude , how the hell did you rationalize in your mind the idea that a major city like prague has only 30 % females ? 
  :d do you have zero idea of how demographics work around the word ? 
  whereas i do n't think there is any necessity at all to mention the volyn massacre under a ukrainian article about a commemoration of the ukrainian cleansing in soviet-controlled poland . 
  two separate events , it 's not a dick waving contest . 
  when western civilization was still alive and vibrant , non-ashamed to value itself , cities were built to be beautiful and stand the test of time . 
  instead of post-modernist or socialist statements of ugliness , brutalism and blandness . 
  it 's not a coincidence that the most beautiful buildings and parts of all modern european cities date to between 200 and ~ 70 years ago . 
  despite the massive building effort since then , very little of it has even the fraction of the aesthetic value of those before . 
  sure  the thing is , your added info * still * paints the polish in a more positive light compared to the extend of the people butchered from the opposite side , their methods and their scope . 
  mission failed . 
  this is n't `` in regards to '' the volyhnia massacre of poles , it 's `` whataboutism '' aimed at distorting from the subject . 
  you do n't know where i come from . 
  personal remarks are not arguments . 
  if you so wish to speak of the communism in bulgaria in particular - it only became nationalistic with the new narrative and change inside the party in the 70s , and with jivkov . 
  something visible in all party politics , even monuments and art from that period onwards , as opposed to before that . 
  right after 1944 this was n't the case , but hte opposite in fact - the communist regime of true , hard-core marxists as opposed to the later establishment , embraced the comintern project of macedonisation and directly cooperated with moscow and yugoslavia to uproot the bulgarian identity of a large portion of their own nation , with precise internationalist purpose of preventing any further nationalistic riff between bulgaria and yugoslavia on the issue of the bulgarians in macedonia . 
  georgi dimitrov and the regime not only recognised the `` macedonian nation '' inside yugosalvia and sent scholars and liguinsts to create a language and grammar , but they even actively * forced * the bulgarians inside bulgaria , in the pirin region , to `` macedonise '' themselves and declare as macedonians instead of bulgairans . 
  the communists actively forced a foreign , made up , national idenetity upon their own people with the purpose of internationalist cooperation between now-allied socialist regimes .
