  human emotions are at the core of every single thing you say , do or defend . 
  including the form of judiciary . 
  if a girl was gang raped , it is not me who feels strong emotions about the perpetrators being punished for the sake of justice , it is her and her family . 
  so not punishing the perpetrators for `` practical reasons '' means you neglect these victims , you tell them basically that that 's how your society is - horrible rapists can rape your daugther and be left relatively alone `` for practical reasons '' . 
  think of what that message tells society about justice in your country and how they will feel knowing your judiciary leaves the people who brutalized you almost unpunished . 
  what is your understanding for justice ? 
  specifically justice for a 14 year old girl who was gang raped almost to death . 
  doing what to the people who hurt her does in your mind align with serving justice to that girl , so she can feel she lives in a society she 's worth something ? 
  why do you again say i am offended ? 
  i have been nothing but calm and civil , whereas you have come very emotional and accusatory , leaving the impression you are the one feeling offended by me asking a simple theoretical question about justice , punishment and recidivism . 
  i am not offended , i am asking sincerely a theoretical question - if practicality in reducing recidivism could be achieved by completely pardoning henious crimes , should we take that road and forget about justice . 
  there 's no emotion in my above comment , unlike in yours , which accuses me of being offedned whilst ironically sounds like someone is offended . 
  could you elaborate what you mean by `` he specifically wrote `` prison sentence '' . '', 
  and how that answers my above question - `` should we abandon the concept of justice for the victims of brutal crimes if this brings the recidivism rate down '' ? 
  there is no war engulfing all of africa or all of the mid east , for you to give such a comparisson . 
  people like the poles are opposed to the migration wave because they do n't see it as a refugee one , but as simply the third world exporting millions of its poor towards europe , which will have catastrophic consequences if allowed . 
  and no , i do n't care if a richer country closes its doors to me or my family as economic migrants , so i do n't see why europe should n't do the same . 
  so by your logic , if theoretically not punishing these boys for the brutal gang rape at all - not even suspended sentences , would result in no recidivism from them at all - we should do that . 
  on the basis that * all * we care for is preventing recidivism . 
  ** justice ** is pretty much completely nullified as a concept for the sake of practicallity . 
  justice for that girl . 
  justice for her family , for her friends and all who are heartbroken by what happened to her . 
  if , theoretically , not serving any kind of justice has the best result in preventing recidivism - this is what we should do ? 
  throw justice away for the sake of practicality ? 
  at some point we have to ask ourselves does the very concept of justice exist and do we care for it . 
  because by any basic , natural human understanding * justice * in the case of men brutally gang raping a girl almost to death is to * punish * them , and do it severely . 
  it is just for the girl , for her family . 
  do we give these people no justice whatsoever and have them suffer even more when these fucking monsters are released cheering ? 
  for the sake of preventing them from recidive ? 
  irrelevant to the topic and completely forced debate that i might agree on with you but feel it 's super cringy to shove it like that out of nowhere like someone obessesed that ca n't discuss other things . 
  are you joking ? 
  censorship and support for `` hate speech laws '' or political correctness is insane in the nordics . 
  their society are very comfortable with limiting people 's right to speech and expression on political grounds . 
  fair enough . 
  which , in a world of ~ 3 billion poor people compared to tiny europe , is going to be achieved how by ruining prosperous parts with a no-border policy and a completely un-integratable wave of millions of migrants ? 
  the road to hell is often paved with good intentions , and anarchists and marxists are two great examples of that . 
  they ' v got good intentions , and absolutely moronic , detrimental and outright dangerous ideas of how to achieve them , which have already ruined a fair share of countries , including mine . 
  i do not aim to make a comparisson with eu leaders . 
  they were and are spineless . 
  it 's the nature of the current eu burreaucratic composition and what has come to be expected from them . 
  it is not , however , to be expected from the chief of the world 's largest military power . 
  at least not until obama , and that 's the problem i ' v got with him . 
  i remember clearly he abandoned the eastern euro misslie shield programe to do his `` reset '' with russia . 
  same reason he abandoned the polish push for nato bases moving east from germany . 
  basically he bent down to putin hoping for a `` reset '' and instead got an encouraged dog that started expanding russia 's sphere significantly , both in eastern europe and the mid-east . 
  during that expansion all obama did was push for sanctions . 
  no heavy weaponry for ukraine whilst putin was sending much more . 
  no no-fly zone in syria , whilst putin ended up landing a force . 
  the entire second presidence of obama is him being weak in every geo-political confrontation with putin , which is why today kremlin has two new major zones of influence - crimea ( annexed ) & donbass ( frozen conflict ) in ee , and syria in mid east . 
  that 's how history will look at him - charismatic and weak us president who gave way to a ressurgent russia . 
  i seriously doubt ukraine will miss him . 
  or are they not europe ? 
  the passive way in which he bowed down to russian aggression there and blocked any proposals for the delivery of heavy weaponry to the ukrainian army under the excuse of escalation ( although the russians were already delivering such to the separatists ) was pathetic . 
  obama was a seriously weak president and no ammount of class , charm and charisma he 's got changes that . 
  you gave up too fast . 
  keep off the personal insults , this is n't kindergarten if you ca n't control your fickle emotions do n't particiapte in debates . 
  do n't change the definition i gave to `` genocide of another nation or ethnic group '' - i wrote there are members of each nation who have killed or organised the killing of innocent people of other nations . 
  keeping it to this simple definition is necessary because concepts like `` genocide '' are hotly contested and only serve to dillute the topic by fighting over definitions and semantics . 
  hence : 3 . 
  pretty much every single medieval polish monarch ordered the death of innocent civilians every time he went to war since raiding territories and scorching the earth was an essential strategy . 
  during the siege of niemcza for example by the keiser ( i think it was otto of some number ) , boleslaw chrobry personally led his retinue into the unguarded lands of the pomeranian slavs who had their soldiers at niemcza allied to the germans , and conducted a slaughter of the local population - burning those lands severely to make the slavic tribal allies of the germans leave the siege . 
  such examples are numerous for all wars in the past 1000 years . 
  murdering en mass the civilians of your enemies was an essential strategy , and i 'm afraid i would have to deduct from your lack of knowldge of that strategy that , in fact , you are a bit deluded as to history and how wars were fought . 
  my point was that no nation is innocent of comiting attrocities towards civilians of other nations and each modern nation commemorates at least some people who did that . 
  not because said nation approves of these attrocities , but because of the positive things that person did for the national consciousness . 
  and the two are n't mutually exclusive - a person can both leave a positive mark on a national consiciousness , whilst being a murderer . 
  many were such . 
  if you ca n't think of any single polish historical figure celebrated by modern poles who happened to kill or organise the killing of civilians of other nations , you are have no right to acuse the ukrainians of not knowing/caring for the crimes of bandera towards poles . 
  they do n't commemorate them for killing innocent poles , same as poles do n't commemorate various polish magnates like the wisniowieckis or kings for crushing cossack rebellions . 
  each nation finds a reason to commemorate these people for the good things they ' v done for the national consciousness , not for the innocent people they ' v killed . 
  and be sure - they have all killed innocent people , from sobieski to pilsudski , same as all military leaders in european history pretty much . 
  hmm , how do russia and ukraine share the history of kievan rus ? 
  on one hand , it 's called rus , on the other - centered around modern day ukraine , with barely any terrotory of modern russia , and none of the later mongol influence that has shaped a lot of the russian state and nation . 
  is there a dispute of any sorts ? 
  whatever the social ideas at the time the infleunce and motivation of people was to build things that are beautiful , to make cities prettier and nicer to live in . 
  the opposite of the marxist wave that meant to create ugly cities representing `` the working classes '' , and openly opposed the very notion of beautiful or ornament architecture as `` burgeois '' . 
  which simply happens to create a correlation that does n't exist previously - for once in history the architecture of a disgusting ideology resembles it . 
  is it true [ the 60s-70s made stockholm uglier ] ( https://s17.postimg.org/ewherzk0v/14039910_1188484214556305_2605841402715832704_n.jpg ) ? 
   the eu is dead i wonder who 's paying bulgaria billions for all kinds of programmes that end up more than 25 % of our public investment . 
  a corpse of some kind i guess . 
  no worries , it 's a common mistake i believe . 
  [ this map is easy to understand it all ] ( http://historyof-poland.weebly.com/uploads/2/7/8/1/27812527/4315665_orig.jpg ) - you ' v got the ussr ( a separate country ) , then the warsaw pact countries controlled directly by the ussr , and then yugoslavia and albania - also communist countries but outside of ussr 's control . 
  i believe you are mixing marxist countries with the ussr as one . 
  there were many marxist planned economies around the world - china , north korea , vietnam , albania , yugoslavia - ussr was just one of them . 
  the ussr was a separate state with separate borders , including modern russia and a few other modern countries - the 3 baltics , ukraine , belarus , kazahstan and more . 
  furthermore , the ussr had its own `` sphere of influence '' in eastern europe - or rather satellite countries whose regimes it had installed in 1944-45 . 
  those were also separate states like poland , bulgaria , czechoslovakia etc , but inside ussr 's sphere of influence and military pact called the warsaw pact . 
  yugoslavia was neither within the borders of the ussr like moder day ukraine was , or even within the warsaw pact and ussr 's satellite control . 
  it was just a separate marxist federation ruled from belgrade . 
  that 's it . 
  do n't think ussr = all communist countries put together . 
  it is only one of many communist countries , granted the largest and most influential one . 
  does n't the massive purge he 's conducted during his ever-extending emergency powers say otherwise ? 
   not waste our time i agree . 
  we should n't be wasting our time , effort and money to impose our culture on people from other such . 
  that 's why it 's so good to have that many different countries around the world - everyone should live in one that his culture is similar to . 
  were n't we being told these are refugees , not migrants ? 
  refugees are people who do n't settle , but go back when the conflict is over , as opposed to economic migrants . 
  which of the two are these ? 
  often those who left vote better than those who remain .
