  used to be 20x poorer around 2001 2 . 
  that 's the furthest possible example , as one is the poorest , the other one of the richest in the eu . 
  besides , they both have a tiny percentage of the eu 's population - between 1 % and 2 % each , so not a good example of the overall east/west divide . 
  why not put it to vote like in slovenia ? 
  should n't greece uphold democracy even more so , having a far left government on one hand and being so proud of inventing democracy in the first place ? 
  nor are the migrants in germany all refugees . 
  or even majority . 
  pakistan , afghanistan , bangladesh , sudan , west africa or simply syrians who were already safe ( thus no longer refugees ) in turkey , lebanon or jordan - those are all making up a substantial percentage . 
  that was my question as well - what 's your point ? 
  the christian hell is the absence of god in the afterlife . 
  that 's all , not a physical place you suffer . 
  similarly , heaven is when people get reunited with god the way adam and eve were in the beginning . 
  the light of god and the presence of their beloved ones in the afterlife is what heaven is supposed to be , an eternal joy of being fullfiled , rather than clouds and sunshine etc. 
  hell is simply the opposite - those who did n't deserve to return to god due to their life choices are just left out of heaven , into nothing . 
  their eternal outing is hell , not a physical place with demons and torture etc. 
  that 's just much , much later ( like more than 1000 years later ) authors ' work of literature and painting . 
  yep . 
  the rest are what we today know however as the hell from pop culture . 
  it has nothing to do with chrisitan theology . 
  feeding them in this way , yes . 
  there 's plenty of food , abundance in fact , the reasons industrial farms exist like they do is profits and people 's taste for more meat than they need in their diet , not `` feeding people '' . 
  that 's the christian one as well . 
  only dante 's , non-theological , non-bible based hell is a fire pit pop culture has adopted . 
  but it still lends more credibility to one side of the argument if it is supperted with the confession of the people , than the other supported by nothing more than your own imagination . 
  one side being they deserted because of stalin 's purges , the other being they did it because of some `` germanophilia '' they apparently felt . 
  give up dude , i see you deseperately going up and down teh entire thread trying to argue in favour of stalin , grabbing any straw you can no matter how far fetched . 
  it 's sad really . 
  that 's a confession they made themselves . 
  i 'm sure you know better than the actual people who did it though . 
  stalin 's purges of the late 30s is the main reason vlasov and many like him joined the nazis . 
  so it is rather a logical paradox that you 'd claim stalin 's purges prevented many from joining the nazis , when these would join them because of those same purges . 
  fruthermore , you miss the point i made that unless the entire officer corps suddenly joined the germans ( ludacris notion ) , no damage done by deserting officers would be as great as the 20 million deaths the ussr experienced directly as a result of its army being utterly incapable to hold the germans , despite its numerical and armour superiority , all the way to the interior of european russia . 
  something they 'd have far more success in doing had they had even half the officers they did before the purges , let alone all . 
  because they were n't aimed at rooting out pro-germans , of which none had remained after the civil war ( the pro-german , foreign-born and educated generals all joined the whites ) . 
  they crippled the army to the point it had no effective means of defending against the germans and cost the ussr almost 20 million dead , which would ' v been avoided even with a full-scale barbarossa , had there been proper generals in place to dissuade stalin from abandoning the 3-line defence and putting all the concentrations on the border . 
  nothing that pro-german generals could 've done would cost as much as the destruction of all capable ones did . 
  besides , people like vlasov joined the germans not becasue they were pro-german , but because they hated stalin and what the ussr was doing . 
  hence arguably stalin 's purges actually pushed generals and soldiers to the germans , not the other way around . 
  precisely . 
  so all went back to its initial stage in 1944 , rather than poland expanding into the germanic world . 
  it was the germans that had expanded east , same as the poles , and then both moved back west in 1944 . 
  and if you take away all the millions claimed to have been killed under his regime you ca n't find a reason stalin should be hated rather than loved , especially in russia ? 
  like the whole ww2 debacle for example ? 
  arguably the ussr almost lost the war precisely because of stalin 's complete cripling of the army in his pointless purges , as well as his strategic decisions right before 1941 , such as aquiring a border with germany by splitting poland with them , moving the entire army to that border rather than the previous 3-line approach , not believing the clear reports of the invasion ( even with the exact date of it ) , and then not allowing his generals to conduct a proper defensive retreat , sacrificing instead huge armies with the `` no retreat '' order and even continuing to execute brilliant generals when they refused that order and save their armies . 
  he almost acted as if in favour of the germans really , so what exactly do these people believe he did to `` win the war '' ? 
  the ordinary people of the ussr won the war * despite * stalin 's best efforts , not because of them . 
  and polish in the first place before the prussian expansion and germanification ... 
  because that 's now how the world works , considering the neighbour of ukraine and the country which would take those regions does n't allow the same thing to its own ethnic regions . 
  plenty of russian territories have non-russian majorities and some of them actually fought wars to get out of that state . 
  yet whilst russia is supporting separatists in its neighbours it also made separatism in russia entirely illegal , even discussing it , in 2013 . 
  why should russia 's neigbours give it more regions , making the largest state in the world even larger for the sake of people 's self determination , when russia is n't doing the same to its own ethnic parts ? 
  do you call russia a national state of russians if it has plenty of pre-russian existing peoples ? 
  first of all , pasok is not solely responsible for the push towards leftist economic and social policies for the past few decades , many openly and officially communist people in greece are as much involved . 
  secondly , pasok also has openly communist members , i ' v myself argued with such at university . 
  lol . 
  sure . 
  some proper cohesion this led to , just ask any greek how cohesive and great their society has been these past few years . 
   source ? 
  source on the extensive , 4 decades-long influence groups of people identifying as communists has had on the political and social life of greece ? 
  plenty , not my job to educate you on the subject , in my case it was my professor at cov uni dr alexander kazamias and his 3 years of lectures . 
  if you have n't the required knowledge on the socio-political groups of greek society in the past few decades read up on it rather than require me to provide you with that information . 
   then do n't use it as boogeyman in your anti-intellectual behaviour . 
  why ? 
  if they call themselves communists i have all the right to blame communists for their actions . 
  the fact you might disagree with them being `` real communists '' does n't concern me . 
  it 's no different than claiming `` isis '' are n't muslims or the westborough baptist church are n't christians . 
  `` no true scotsman '' is anti-intellectual as well , but i 'll leave the definitions to you , as you seem quite eager to partake in adolescent ad-hominem . 
   i 'm sure it does , if you where n't ignorant you would n't have made the initial comment . 
  we 're not going to change that trait with a few replies . 
  you ' r a real `` intellectual '' right there , proper debating skills i must admit . 
   had greece not joined the euro it would 've turned out diffrently , had greece joined a euro with a fiscal union it would have turned out differently , had the ez not turned a blind eye to financial fraud it would have turned out differently . 
  but greece would still have been spiriling down the debt drain and the ever growing public spending , because it was n't the above mentioned that forced these policies onto greece , it was the pressure comming from leftist groups in society , including many identifying as communists . 
  ( ergo my entire point )  i do n't have to , i 'm simply pointing out your ignorance and boogeyman approach you use to prevent having to use your mind . 
  personal attack nr . 
  3 in a single , short post . 
  a titan of thought and a true intellectual right there . 
  i 'm honored to argue with someone `` using his mind '' . 
  i am loving this russia-turkey split and subsequent growing isolation of both semi-athoritarian regimes . 
  no true scotsman . 
  they identified as communists , they had a strong political and social influence and pushed the country towards the processes i identified above . 
  if their ideas were real communism or not , and if they were real communists or not does n't concern me . 
  my original argument stands - had greece cracked down on them , on these people who identified as such and pushed the political landscape to those decisions , it would ' v turned out differently . 
  go argue semantics and what real communism is somewhere else . 
  considering something like 10 % of brits are practicing christians , or around 6-7 million , i 'd say it gives you little grounds to claim what they do as equal to what the rest 99.9 % of 2 + billion christians do on christmas . 
  yet any time i argue with northern europeans i encounter this attitude `` christmas and christianity are pagan based rituals and modern marketing practiced here in our countries/culture , ergo that 's how they are overall '' . 
  a particurarly anglo/scandio-centrict approach . 
  their situation is the direct result of 30 years of exponentially increasing government spending , particurarly on wellfare , burreaucracy and wellfare , used as a `` bribery '' card by the main parties for winning elections , particurarly by pasok . 
  talking of cuts or fiscal responsibility was turned into a taboo that meant political suicide precisely because the communists would accuse anyone who dared do it of being like the `` regime of colonels '' . 
  the communists led the country into this spiral of spending and stifled any talk against this , so of course it is their fault . 
  if you mean christmas for people who are n't christian , then sure , it 's not a christian tradition for them . 
  nor a pagan one really , more of a marketing hollyday . 
  to the remaining christians however it 's purely a christian celebration , commemorating the birth of jesus , not any pagan deity , so it ca n't be `` basically pagan '' for them , regardless how many pagan traditions they stick into it . 
  traditions are cosmetic - a tree here and there , a missletoe or a date , they have no substance if the reason a person observes the holyday at all is because he indentifies with the teachings of christ . 
  yes i am quite aware of the link many christmas traditions have with pagan rituals , i was asking how is celebrating an abrahamic religious event - the birth of a prophet/god depending what you believe , `` basically a pagan ritual '' . 
  a ritual is what the people who observe it believe in . 
  a ritual can take place in a christian church but be completely pagan if the people doing it are there to commemorate perun for example . 
  similarly , a ritual can comprise of a number of pagan traditions like christmass but be purely christian because the people observe it for the sake of christ , not the pagan deities that those old traditions used to . 
  besides , christmass only has pagan traditions in northern europe , in many eastern countries it is n't even observed on the 25th of december ( serbia , russia ) , let alone have pagan northern elements like santa clause or the missletoe . 
  but what has winter solstice to do with christmas , when christmas is only celebrated on the 25th of december as a result of the new calendar , wheras in the old one it was on a different date , and people still celebrate it on a different date that is n't the winter solstice in countries like serbia or russia . 
  and since been ever more injected with communist populism , economic practices and social entitlements , that led to your bankrupting .
