  the turks claim a total loss of seventy-one . 
  so am i to understand 40 male gipsies were killed on suspicion of arming themselves to join the bashibozuk irregulars , which killed aprox . 
  10,000 bulgarians ? 
   cyprus is not it is , the entire greek world is considered not just part of europe , but its cradle . 
  cypriots are greeks and as much europeans as anyone else . 
  their identity and culture is based on ancient greek civilization - the cradle of european one , and on medieval christianity - the other fundamental pillar . 
  you seem very uninformed on cyprus . 
   or were forced as in the case of fascist countries , like germany and italy . 
  they never did so willingly . 
  did i read that correct ? 
  italy was the cradle of the renaissance , it did n't embrace it - it created it back in the 15th century . 
  germany embraced in shortly afterwards in 16th . 
  their nations fully developped as part of renaissance and enlightenment age europe . 
  fascism is a brief , 20th century phenomen that these nations experienced for between 11 ( germany ) and 20 ( italy ) years , 4 centuries after they went through the renaissance . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
   tell that to poland poland is a secular country , are you insane ? 
  have you been there ? 
  you know anything of it ? 
  being a country with a lot of practicing christians does n't mean it 's not secular . 
  it 's laws are forged by a secular parliament , it has full freedom of religion and a highly respected historic muslim tatar minority , its atheists are completely free and pretty much dominate the media . 
  poland is a modern , free and secular country , where people just go to church on sunday . 
  it 's more secular in fact than the us , far more actually . 
  you truly sound like the stereotype of the uneducated american , that i usually hate . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgars what of them ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  the bulgarian nation was formed in the 10th century , in the balkans , after the bulgar tribe created a kingdom in which the local slavs and thracians were a majority . 
  in the next 2 centuries these people mixed , the slavs assymilated the others ( hence our language is slavic ) and after christianity was adopted the modern bulgarian nation was born . 
  a slavic , european , christian nation . 
  this starts to feel like a history lesson to a stereotypical american who barely knows where europe is or what nations live in it . 
   its officially a dual langauge and dual religion country . 
  unless you are an advocate for removing northern cyprus from the eu northern cyprus is n't in the eu , only the greek side is . 
  jesus christ this conversation is turning into an american joke . 
   i never suggested that it was not european . 
  you suggested they said 20 years ago the same things about poland as they do about turkey today . 
  they say about turkey that it should n't enter the eu because it is n't european . 
  they never said that of poland . 
  you make zero sense , so i will repeat this for you - europe needs a common identity if its integration project is to survive . 
  we are trying to build such a common identity of `` europeans '' , and for the moment failing or gaining very minor success , despite all nations with the eu sharing all fundamental national traits - they were created as a nation on the european continent , within the christian religion , embraced the renaissance and enlightenment age ideas , and finally secularised . 
  despite sharing all of these common traits there * still * is too much difference on a purely national level for the nations to embrace a common european identity . 
  the efforts nontheless continue , and the common roots of all european nations is the strongest tool used to forge such an identity . 
  if you , however , add nations that do not share even this basic common root - being created in europe , as christian nations , who fully embraced the renaissance and enlightenment ideas , then it becomes close to impossible to forge a common identity . 
  even more so if this nation will actually be most likely the biggest or 2nd biggest within the union . 
  and furthermore so if its presence allianates complete an entire group of nations within the union - the balkan ones . 
  try and argue with this point i made as clear as i can , instead of throwing some entirely random thoughts . 
  steppen nations ? 
  what ? 
  cyprus - greek people ? 
  poland ? 
  no one ever thought poland was n't european or christian ? 
  none of your statements make sense , please address mine or be more clear . 
  you have no problem because you are n't european or care for the eu any more than a bunch of us allies put together , hence why not add a major us ally to the bunch . 
  most europeans would want the eu to symbolise more than that , or a burreaucracy holding together economic and political issues . 
  there has to be an identity built , a pan-european one , if the eu is to survive . 
  and such an identity is difficult as it is with just european , christian nations in it . 
  put an asian , muslim nation as one of the biggest in the eu and you 'll never get any pan-eu identity to hold this union together . 
  turkey in the eu would be a nail in its long-term coffin and an affront to most balkan members of it . 
  source ? 
  the phoney war is what i was talking about and it was at that time that french and british troops already on the continent outnumbered the german divisions transfered to the west . 
  it was entirely within the capabilities of these troops to successfully strike deep into germany , taking out a significant enough percentage of the wehrmacht and german industrial and demographic centres to prevent the disaster of 1940 . 
  poland fell twice as long as it was expected to , or supposed to hold out before british-french strike on germany , according to the british and french treaty and guarantee to poland . 
  they asked for 2 weeks and assured within 15 days of a possible german attack they would cross into rheinland . 
  they did n't do it even 45 days after , when warsaw finally fell . 
  bulgaria joined in with the nazis because they : a ) amassed a half a million troops for the yugoslav and greek campaigns on the our borders , threatening complete destruction of the country . 
  there was no one to turn to and no choice . 
  b ) they promied to let us unite with our ethnic lands in macedonia and thrace that the serbs and greeks stole after the balkan wars and fww . 
  they even arranged that the romanians return the lands they stole from us in dobrdudja in 1913 peacefully with the craiova treaty . 
  bulgaria , being divided in about half from its neighbours from all sides , defined as greedy for fixing that is a pathetic statement . 
  no , it 's more likely that far greater grieviances would exist against them , as greece taken down the road of bulgaria and the rest of the balkans/east europe is a greece that suffers a collapse in the 90s before which your current one looks like a walk in the park , a greece that loses 2 million people in just 20 years , a greece scarred with disgusting soviet brutalist architecture and a greece 4 times poorer than it is today . 
  all of this on top of whatever crimes the right did after they won . 
  that is poland . 
  most of the ex-socialist block is highly atheist . 
  eastern germany , czechia and slovakia , bulgaria and albania - atheism , albeit in some of these cases not as public as in others , dominates . 
  `` chose '' to go with the ussr ? 
  what ? 
  i feel for you . 
  how can greeks look at the state of bulgaria , romania , serbia , fyrom and albania - countries equally developped as greece in 1944 , and think that maybe the communists should ' v won ? 
  how can a greek not thank the heavens every single day his country remained with the usa after the war ? 
  yes they were killed after uprisings . 
  like at [ batak ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/batak_massacre ) . 
  which `` makes sense '' only if you are fucked up in the head . 
  people fought against an occupation force and you say `` it makes sense '' if after the rebellion is crushed local muslims , armed by the ottoman army , went from village to village and slaughtered thousands of women , children and civilians as punishment that the `` raja '' dared rebel against the masters ? 
  sincerely , fuck you . 
  how much of this happened in bulgaria ? 
  it 's bulgaria we talk about . 
  hundreds of thousands of muslims were never killed in bulgaria . 
  or tens of thousands even . 
  but tens of thousands of bulgarians were killed by the muslims . 
  i do n't care what the greeks or serbs did , in bulgaria for every muslim killed by the christians after the liberation 100 christians were killed by the muslims before it . 
  we did n't return the muslim murders even to 20 % degree , let alone more . 
  the bulgarian army even included muslim turk regiments in the balkan war against the ottomans . 
  there 's no comparisson , yet you turks always try to dillute ottoman crimes in bulgaria by throwing in the crimes against muslims all over the empire together . 
  go to facebook , the largest groups are such as '' \u0411\u044a\u043b\u0433\u0430\u0440\u0441\u043a\u0430 \u0410\u0440\u043c\u0438\u044f '' , purely putnist/russophilic ones . 
  few 70 year olds use facebook . 
  germany had no force on the western border whilst invading poland . 
  the british and french could 've reached berlin even . 
  stop justifying british/french cowardice that cost the world so much . 
  no , you could n't have done that after giving a legal guarantee to france and poland , in a mutual defensive alliance . 
  that 's the point of international agreements - you stick by them or your country 's word becomes worth nothing . 
  so instead you pretended you go to war , yes you declared one but did n't actually , literary * go * to it - you stood in western france and watched poland get destroyed . 
  so you could simultaniously say you held your word/agreement , and at the same time not do anything .
