  anyone who has the basic knowledge of the track record of this policy in history and yet supports it can hardly be called other than an idiot . 
  besides , he is n't just `` not liking the military '' , he is supporting a complete appeasement of russia , abandoment of eastern europe and disarmament of the uk through : abolishing the uk 's nuclear weapons and unilateral withdrawal from nato . 
  i have rarely heard more bullshit ideas in one place . 
  but you keep focusing on the few good stuff ... 
  lol `` a few billion '' . 
  that 's like spare change here . 
  we fill our swimming pools with euros and swim in it like uncle scrootch . 
  give it to the poor scandinvians who are struggling now with the oil prices and all . 
  they might even resort to giving * two * bedroom apartaments to the africans rather than three . 
  there would be no stalin , or politburo , after a bomb dropped on the kremlin . 
  there would be no supply lines , communication or orders for the red army in europe after bombs on leningrad , ekateriniburg , voronez and smolensk . 
  bombing the 10 largest cities in the ussr would entirely destroy the country as any international player or military force . 
  there would be 10 million aimless and progressively starving soldiers in europe , as easy picking for the allies as they were for the wehrmacht in 1941 . 
  society does n't deserve to pay more for the rehabiliation of child molester than it does for its law-abiding citizens . 
  society does n't deserve to have someone like my dad , who 's worked his ass off for 40 years , done charity and obeyed the law to get no healthcare coverage for his eye operation , but someone who raped children will get hundreds of thousands of euros in rehabiliation , care , consulting etc. 
  that 's your idea of justice and a fair society . 
  give the money you would for rehabiliating rapists to sick children or law-abiding citizens in need , and dump the rapist fucks to work in a mine . 
  it does n't sound as `` refined '' , `` progressive '' and `` idealic '' as people would want to make themselves feel `` socially advanced '' , but it is just and fair to the rest of us who do n't do the monstrous crimes . 
  precisely , we went with the easy way that lets countless monsters get the easy treatment for their barbarity . 
  which is not justice . 
  `` to each his due '' . 
  to a child rapist comfy rehabilitation is n't `` his due '' . 
  hard , torturous labour forever is . 
  did i rape people or molest children ? 
  change the sex to work and what you described would be fair punishment for me . 
  centers that use taxes to help these people . 
  to put them in a safe environment . 
  where they are cared for , consulted and treated . 
  places where they can receive more help and care than 50 % of worlds population , those in the poorer countries , would receive at any point in their life . 
  how did they deserve this sepcial treatment , care and help ? 
  they raped people . 
  or molested children . 
  and you call that justice . 
  laws are arbitrary and they change . 
  it would also techincally be a suicide , not execution . 
  you still need to eat , sleep , rest , drink ... 
  nope , more than enough allied troops in central europe to hold any red army initial engagment until their entire supply lines , communication and chain of command collapsed due to loosing their main cities . 
  so are we calling any human vice a mental ilness now ? 
  someone 's greed ? 
  mental ilness . 
  someone 's narcisistic ? 
  mental ilness ? 
  someone 's a power-freak ? 
  mental ilness . 
  no one is evil , no one is just wrong - everyone 's got some specific condition we need be tolerant and understanding of ... 
  that 's just so sad . 
  :( maybe we can send some help from prosperous bulgaria ? 
  not every rapist has a mental ilness . 
  most are addicted to the feeling of control it gives them . 
  others ca n't get off without the feeling they are hurting someone . 
  same goes for child rapists , for most of whom the feeling of defiling and hurting something innocent is like a drug . 
  those are people who conciously choose to hurt others for their own pleasure , not simply mentally ill people who are `` victims '' of their own condition . 
  those exist too , but you ca n't extend that to all and dismiss the pure evil in many rapists and child molesters that has no redeeming reason . 
  slavery is far more than forced labour , it 's an economci institution including a whole bunch of ther factors . 
  making someone work during his sentence is done today as well , it 's called `` comunity service '' . 
  i just want that extended into a lifetime of community service for rapists and molesters . 
  i do n't want a rapist or a child molester to leave prison . 
  forced labour for the rest of his misarable life is what should be done - society is both protected from further harm , and benefited by someone 's free labour . 
  rehabilitating a thief , a gang-banger or even a murder is one thing . 
  a pure monster , who tortured others in his basement for pleasure , or who raped women , or who molested children - these do n't deserve the privilige of rehabilitation . 
  they ' v renounced any shred of humanity whilst doing their acts for persnal pleasure and should n't be given the same rights as others . 
  do you honestly believe someone like jozef fritzl can be `` rehabilitated '' ? 
  someone who kept his family in his basement for 24 years , raped them and then raped their children is a human ? 
  and deservs human rights ? 
  it sounds all so high and mighty but we have to draw a line someowhere and realize there 's more to dna that makes us human . 
  and you denounce that extra factor of humanity once you do something as monstrous . 
  along with all the rights humanity brings . 
  indeed the uk is just doing great with letting grooming and child-rape bands roam free from the lowest social strata of muslim immigrants to the highest one in westminster . 
  the system is just perfect . 
  would these people feel so safe to risk it if they knew their kind was castrated/tortured as punishment ? 
  a non-nuclear block can do jack shit against a nuclear one . 
  no one would start a third world war or a nuclear holocause to save us . 
  unless a country in this eastern block of yours developped nuclear weapons and the immensly expensive and complicated icbm 's and nuclear submarines to deliver a strike - it would be worthless . 
  you are dreaming , and also regurgitating age-old russian propaganda about `` us-vassals '' . 
  we pay nothing to them , if anything - they pay a lot to be in our countries and do what ? 
  exploit us ? 
  nope - protect us . 
  for their own geo-political interests of course , but still . 
  it 's not a vassalage , it 's one of the few positive alliances we ' v seen in this part of the world . 
  the allies were making a-bombs . 
  long before the ussr had its hands on the technology . 
  they shoud ' v started dropping those on ussr 's cities until they agree to pull back to 1939 borders . 
  the death and destruction would end up being immensly smaller than the one caused by the red army and later on its satellite regimes in eastern europe for the last 75 years . 
  the allies were making a-bombs . 
  long before the ussr had its hands on the technology . 
  they shoud ' v started dropping those on ussr 's cities until they agree to pull back to 1939 borders . 
  the death and destruction would end up being immensly smaller than the one caused by the red army and later on its satellite regimes in eastern europe for the last 75 years . 
  those comments underneath the video make me more furious and disgusted than some internet scribble should . 
  when you ' r out of arguments correct their grammar . 
  in what world has disarmament of one country brought peace ? 
  it 's not revenge , it 's justice - you rape someone , you ought to get to feel at least a fraction of the pain you ' v caused . 
  not get away with a comfy life in a danish prison . 
  so tell it to a person who disagrees , i obviously agreed above that it 's okay to be cruel to monsters . 
  is n't that the case now ? 
  which sounds oh so great and progressive until someone tortures your family or rapes your child . 
  you would n't consider him even worthy of a dog 's rights , and you 'd be right . 
  it is . 
  humans and animals deserve rights . 
  monsters do n't . 
  add child molesters to the list too .
