  no , that 's a huge overexaggeration , do n't be so hard on yourself , you ' v only been doing it since your country was first created . 
  you know , 25 years ago . 
  or with bulgarians ... surprise , surprise ... macedonia was full of our people before the yugos imposed the `` mace '' identity . 
  how many separate albanian states do you guys want ? 
  :d christ !, 
  you ' r like 17th century germany . 
  i do n't know why you are being downvoted , maybe for the language , but this is true - macedonians had to start use other sources to prove their bulgarian ancestry after the recent law changes , and some did precisely that - showed that their granddad actually was in the bulgarian army during ww2 . 
  it really does , does n't it ? 
  first alexander , then samuil , then goce delchev and nikola vapcarov , i wonder what other historical figure will the vardar slavs appropriate from their neighbours next . 
   as you said , propaganda just piles on top of each other . 
  same for the irish , who were never united or in a state of their own prior to being conquered by the english . 
  does that mean no such thing as `` irish '' exist ? 
  i identify as a martian . 
  am i `` wrong '' to do so and who are you to tell me ? 
  basically . 
  irish desiring to be independent from ireland is the whole reason i consider them the treasonous result of a foreign occupation 's assimilation and conversion . 
  because the english are the ones who created britain and the british identity , and benefited the most of it . 
  so it 's beneficial for them for it to be perpetuated . 
  same as the serbs who were the most willing to identify as `` yugoslav '' , since yugoslavia favoured serbia and was run from belgrade . 
  there were also quite a few people in the ussr who went so far with the whole `` union '' thing they referred to themsleves as only `` soviet '' , despite being purely georgian , russian or something else . 
  some serbs also ended up referring to themsleves as yugoslav . 
  these unions have the habit of creating these fake nationalities out of thin air . 
  does n't mean they actually exist . 
  british is a collective term for 4 nations , not a separate nation in itself . 
  one of these 4 nations is the irish one , and it 's currently divided due to english imperialism , occupation , colonization and religious assimilation . 
  that ought to be rectified , and seeing the demographic trends in ulster , i 'd say it will be in our lifetime . 
  up the ra . 
  deal with it and up the ra, 
  by that logic they ought to leave the uk and join scotland if the latter votes for independence in the next couple of years , as it might . 
  it was almost exclusively scots who moved to what is today northern ireland , not english . 
  what will the justification be if scotland leaves the uk for norn iron to remain together with england and wales ? 
  it means `` south slav '' ( yug in bulgarian , serbian and croatian means south ) . 
  and yes , their delusions were that they will unite all the south slavs and forge a common , `` south slavic '' ( yugoslav ) identity onto them . 
  kinda what the english did to the northern irish . 
  did n't work here though . 
  well it 's real sad the invasion of ireland happened and a part of it was colonized by the invading force , but it 's no justification to divide the country . 
  the whites in south africa do n't try to divide the country and have their own autonomous part that is together with england or holland . 
  the turks do n't do that here . 
  the swedish minority in finland as a result of their own occupation do n't do that . 
  it does n't give a right to the british colonists in ireland to do it either . 
  you want to be with the scottish , english and wellsh ? 
  go to scotland , england or wales - do n't divide ireland and prolong the effects of the english invasion there . 
  how is it comparing apples to oranges when the identities lie on the same ground - `` british '' does n't derive from one particular set of people , country or nationality - it was invented as a common name for a country of multiple people - english , scottish , irish and welsh . 
  you had to be one of these first , to be british , but you could n't just be british and none of these , that 's the origins , is n't it ? 
  or was there a separate group of just `` british '' people back in the 18th century , apart from the english , irish , welsh and scottish ? 
  who then gave the name to the new country ? 
  no , the name and identity comes from the union of these 4 nations . 
  same as yugoslavia - there was no `` yugoslav '' people , apart from the serb , slovene , montenegrin and croats . 
  yugoslav was born out of uniting these people , so you had to be first one of these people , before you could also be yugoslav . 
  not the other way around . 
  hence the origin of both of these terms - british and yugoslav , is the exact same thing - 4 nations unite into a single state and give it a name . 
  in one case it was britian , in the other yugoslavia . 
  and you are wrong about the federation part , because yugoslavia was not created as one , it [ was created as a kingdom ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_yugoslavia ) that united 4 people , exactly the same as britain . 
  so people identifying as only `` british '' and nothing else is the exact same as people identifying as yugoslav or soviet and not one of the nations that formed these states . 
  i know , i do not discuss the validity of their claims and ancestry , just the fact they at least do n't consider themsleves serb . 
  unlike the northern irish , who do call themsleves irish yet opt not to be in ireland - a phenomenon i ca n't fully imagine in any other nation . 
  so the situation in ireland is similar to that if scotland decides to leave the uk now as a result of brexit , and one region of it - which had voted to remain the most , decides to break away from the rest of scotland and remain in the union , as `` southern scotland '' , or `` eastern scotland '' or whatever part it is . 
  it would make them equally treasonous to their people as the irish loyalists are , regardless if they no longer identify as `` their people '' the scottish but the rest of the british . 
  ireland was one - an island of celtic people with nothing to do with the anglo-saxons . 
  they were conqured and part of that island converted to the new denomination of the invaders , with which a set of priviliges came that forged a sense of loyalty to that invader as opposed to the rest of the locals . 
  when most of the island wanted independence those who enjoyed the privileged status the invading empire gave them feared they 'd lose it and opted to keep that part of the island non-independent . 
  and that entire process , to any other nation , is nothing short of national treason and collaboration . 
  which the ira tried to rectify and your brexit might end up doing . 
  but `` british '' is not a national identity , it 's a federal one , of a union called britain , not a country/nation - like `` yugoslav '' or `` soviet '' . 
  you have the english nation , the scottish , the welsh and the irish - and those were united into a multi-national state called britain . 
  same as the serb , croat , slovene and montenegrin nations were united into yugoslavia . 
  you could identify as serb and yugoslav , or just serb , but not just yugoslav - that 's the union of all these nations . 
  similiarly , how can you identify as just `` british '' , when this is simply the state union between a bunch of nations ? 
  you have to first be part of one of those nations , or else it sounds as empty and meaningless as the people who identified merely as `` soviet '' . 
  the ottoman empire was n't turkish either , it was a multi-cultural empire where any muslim had the same rights as the turks and the opportunities to run the country on any level of the state . 
  in fact , quite often non-turks took the highest positions of power . 
  the system there was much more so focused on your religion than the one in the uk , so if some irish are loyalists because of their protestant religion , it makes just as much if not more sense for muslim bulgarians to be loyal to the ottomans . 
  instead , they formed some of the most decorated brigades of our army in the first balkan war and fought the ottoman empire for an independent bulgaria , despite being a minority within that bulgaria and a priviliged majority in the ottoman empire . 
  nationality over religion , whereas the loyalists in ireland prefer to be national traitors over their religion . 
  we do have that , they are called pomaks - bulgarians who are muslim since the days of the ottoman empire . 
  they speak only bulgarian and have bulgarian names , but practice islam . 
  they have their own region too , in the mountains , with entire pomak villages and small towns . 
  they not only did n't want to be part of turkey or an independent nation , they formed some of the most decorated brigades in our army during the first balkan war and fought valiantly against the ottomans . 
  so , yes - if they had n't done that and wanted to be with turkey , they 'd absolutely , 100 % be national traitors . 
  in the case of the bosniaks though is n't it a bit different - they do n't call themsleves serb ( like those in norn iron call themsleves irish ) , and they claim ancestry from an actual independent medieval bosnia . 
  those in norn iron call themselves irish and yet want no ireland . 
  we were born and died in the ottoman empire , which we simply called turkey even back then , for 500 years . 
  i still do n't get how can `` getting used to it '' constitute an argument . 
  the northern irish do n't consider themsleves english , right ? 
  if that was the case , then fair enough - they got assimilated and want to be with the rest of their people , normal . 
  our nation also got that to some degree and now we have a `` turkish '' minority . 
  fair enough , i would understand them wanting to be in turkey . 
  but the northern irish are n't assimilated - they call themselves irish , and yet they do n't want an ireland . 
  how can you simultaniously retain your national identity , but lose the desire to be independent , is what i struggle to understand . 
  nevertheless , many of us would be very greatful if you would elaborate , not to argue with you ( because i ca n't in that issue ) or downvote you , but to simply learn of that side of things . 
  could you assess the current capabilities of the russian army , and especially in comparisson to european ones ? 
  the french regurarly [ used to have great fun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cat-burning ) with cats not so long ago . 
  comes to show how quickly a culture can change drastically . 
  i ' v always felt super confused about the justification the loyalists have for their position in ireland . 
  i just try to imagine some of my fellow bulgarians clinging onto , say , an `` ottoman loyalty '' , and despite not calling themsleves turks but bulgarians , insist they remain part of turkey and not an independent bulgarian state . 
  proper strange . 
  we call that just treason here . 
  yes, 
  no , a spaz . 
  you acknowledging me like that truly made me feel .
