  bulgarians and serbs were friends and allies against the turks for 500 years , and bulgarians fought by the thousands in your uprisings and wars against the porte in the 19th century ( although you did n't join ours ) , however then this friendship was broken precisely by you , when in 1885 bulgaria united and barely 7 years old country was invaded by the serbs to stop this . 
  the entire bulgarian army was on the eastern border expecting naturally the turks to try and stop it , instead our `` allies '' did it from the back . 
  from then on , how can you call us backstabbers , as if the nations continued to be friends ? 
  or after we only ever occupied macedonia in our attacks against you , rather than trying to take belgrade or some serb-populated land . 
  it 's just your anti-bulgarian propaganda and `` victim '' complex - forgetting the times you invaded others but remembering for eternity the actions against you . 
  before bulgaria was re-established at the berlin conference of 1878 imperial russia acted against us in our fight for an independent church within the ottoman empire . 
  they supported the greek church instead and our entire elite was firmly anti-russian because of that . 
  due to the war of 1878 this changed briefly , before just 7 years later - in 1885 , the russians betrayed us when they opposed the unification and even supported the serbs in their invasion to stop it . 
  they withdrew the entire officer corps that was training the new army , and so we call the war with you `` the war of the captains '' , because that was the highest rank anyone had in our young army . 
  did n't prevent it from destroying completely the trained and equipped larger serbian army and almost reaching belgrade , before the austrains saved you . 
  after this bulgaria broke relations with russia , crushed a coup-de-tat from russophilic officers and even broght a german dynasty , alignign with them until 1944 . 
  so how exactly was bulgaria even remotely close to russia , let alone their puppet , if only 7 years after the liberation bulgaria already broke relations with it and aligned with germany ? 
  your history is seriously weak . 
  i find it particurarly funny how russophilic people always call a country 's alliance with russia `` alliance '' , but alliance with any other state `` being a puppet '' . 
  serbia is russia 's `` ally '' , but bulgaria must be germany 's or us 's `` puppet '' , right ? 
  :d despite the fact bulgaria did nothing that germany asked of her , either in ww1 or ww2 . 
  bulgaria just refused the keiser to help the ottomans in ww1 and that 's it . 
  no consequences . 
  bulgaria jsut refused hitler to invade the ussr or send its jews to auschwitz , and ... that 's it . 
  no consequences . 
  buglaria did n't do anything germany demanded of it , as a puppet does , but it was `` a puppet '' , sure . 
  in reality bulgaria did one thing only in all of these wars - take macedonia , which was bulgarian land with a bulgarian majority before the yugoslavs made up the fairytale of a nation callled fyrom . 
  that 's being independent and seeking unification , not being a puppet . 
  at the moment serbia 's political elite is aligning with the west because it receives massive wealth from it , especially from the us . 
  but the serbs are overwhelmingly sucking kremlin propaganda and loving their tzar putin . 
  you even made him an honorary military parade . 
  disgraceful . 
  your president just recently called russia `` mother '' , despite it being a centuries younger country . 
  your volunteers are fighting in their invasion of donbas and your public massively supports it . 
  the us donations to serbia are in the hundreds of millions , whilst russia 's are none , yet there was recently a graph here that your population overwhelmingly believes russia donates more . 
  every post or internet discussion about russia i ' v ever seen has had serbs there blasting kremlin propaganda even more than the russians . 
  you honestly seem to have a mental ilness for russia of some kind , but dare calling others `` puppets '' . 
  there 's no country/nation bulgaria 's had a perpetual , blind servitude towards . 
  bulgaria 's historically allied with whomever it saw as useful to achieve the goal of unification . 
  in 1912 it allied with the serbian backstabbers of 1885 to get back thrace from the turks . 
  in 1915 it allied with the germans and turks to get back macedonia from the serbs and greeks . 
  in 1941 it allied with the germans to take back dobrudja from the romanians . 
  in 1944 it allied with the ussr to prevent its neighbours from demanding territories after the war . 
  in 2004 it allied with nato to get rid of kremlin 's toxic grip and prevent a `` donbas/kosovo '' scenario in our turkish regions . 
  bulgaria has no perpetual allies , it has perpetual intrrests . 
  the serbs on the other hand are kremlin 's eternal bitch . 
  zamunda.net and arenabg.com are proper good torrent sites . 
  they ' v always been moscow 's lackeys . 
  whatever opressive/jingoist regime rules there - tsars , politbureau , oligarchs , to the serbs it does n't matter . 
  it somehow makes them feel big by association , `` our brothers the russians '' . 
  you can win small victories in a war as well . 
  this is one such for them . 
  gr8 b8 m8 . 
  people are so easily falling for this on r/europe cause they really , really want their superiority feelings towards americans to be true . 
  good job . 
  why ? 
  when your gdp per capita is $ 50,000 after 100 years of free , uninterrupted development , then yes , there 's little excuse to not invest in green energy . 
  but when it barely just reached twenty-something thousand after 75 years of imposed communist experiment and its painful 25 year collapse/transition , perhaps you ca n't be held to the exact same standard as the priviliged , lucky ones that got away from that fate . 
  yet guerillas are n't '' terrorists of hispanic descent '' . 
  was simply wondering if he believed that or was joking . 
  to be perfectly honest , they seem to be complaining from the opposite - not enough places to drink and party after dark , and it generally being boring and miserable . 
  which kinda sounds like the description of an islamic shithole itself , rather than the other way around . 
  not that they have the right to complain at all , being given the right to be there at all , but still , worth mentioning . 
  we have names like `` kapka '' ( rain drop ) , `` sulza '' ( tear drop ) , `` blagorodna '' ( woman of noble birth ) , `` vyara '' ( faith ) , `` ljubov '' ( love ) or a fucktone of flower types . 
  male names are funny as well - `` zdravko '' ( strong/healthy guy ) or `` milko '' ( kind/tender guy ) . 
  was that a joke/sarcasm ? 
  again you dance around the issue - this was n't a `` describe russia '' competiton , nor was it necessary to describe the state for us to know which one you meant . 
  you were writing about danish farmers ' exports and how russia is an important factor for them , but instead of mentioning russia 's population or economy , you chose to go with its geographic size as an argument for its importance to the danish farmers :  do not think danish farmers are happy about the loss of exports to the largest country in the world . 
  in the sentence above you are n't just describing what russia is for the sake of it or writing the first thing every dane thinks of this country , so do n't play stupid like you did above . 
  you are clearly making a point that danish farmers are n't happy to lose exports to the largest state in the world in particular . 
  making the size a factor that is apparantly according to you improtant to danish farmers . 
  when it is n't , as i described above . 
  so either admit it was a stupid choice of argument since geographic size is absolutely irrelevant to the danish farmers and you just mentioned it to make your point sound stronger , or prove i 'm wrong and geographic size does matter . 
  just do n't play stupid as you did n't write the size with a purpose to your argument , but was merely `` mentioning it '' cause `` that 's what you think of russia '' . 
  it 's embarassing . 
  but you did n't write in your initial comment russia is a market of 140 million people , you wrote it 's the largest country on earth , as if that has anything to do with its size as a market . 
  which it does n't - russia has the same population as bangladesh , a country little more in size than denmark . 
  it has far fewer people than india or usa , both of which much smaller . 
  as an economy it is smaller than germany , japan , korea - even italy and recently spain and mexico - tiny countries in comparison to russia . 
  so geographic size has exactly zero to do with a country 's capability to purchase products or be an important trade partner , yet you felt the need to point out precisely its geographic size when writing of its importants to danish farmers :  do not think danish farmers are happy about the loss of exports to the largest country in the world . 
  so once again i ask , stop writing to me why russia 's population is important as a market , but answer why its geographic size matters to you if that 's what you chose to underline in your original comment . 
  either explain the correlation , or admit it has nothing to do and you just mentioned that to make your point about russia sound stronger , even though this particular metric has zero to do with the argument . 
  nice try dancing around the issue or derailing from my comment . 
  i see you are very eager to argue whatever other points you have on russia , but here i specifically asked you one thing only - what does russia 's territorial size have to do with the impact it has as a market for danish goods ? 
  how does a country being smaller or bigger matter as a market for exports ? 
  it is population and economy that matters , because they buy the goods , not the fields , forests and deserts that make russia `` the largest country in the world '' - as you wrote and i am asking you why . 
  so stop derailing into everything else you can think of and answer how exactly does russia 's geographic size fit into your first sentence of :  do not think danish farmers are happy about the loss of exports to the largest country in the world . 
  explain how exactly do danish farmers care if they export to a country of one geographic size or another , and do run away from that obvious bullshit you wrote by derailing my question into whatever else you feel you want to say about russia . 
  and being `` the largest country in the world '' you feel is necessary to mention how ? 
  are you selling to the vast fields and tundra , or to people ? 
  cause those are n't really that many , about 2.1 % of the world 's population and not particurarly wealthy as clients go either . 
  you are just adding this pointless fact about the size of their territory to reinsert your argument , but it rings very hollow . 
  orban was prime minister of hungary for 4 years between 1998 and 2002 , and the prime minister of hungary with a two-thirds majority of the seats in the parliament since 2010 , so 9 years of power , 5 uninterrupted now . 
  it took lenin a year to impose totalitarianism in post-civil war russia , and hitler 2 years after election to grab all power within germany , completely nullify democracy and begin the first purges . 
  ( that of the sa was just a year after elections ) i wonder , according to you predictions , will i live to see the supposed totalitarianism of orban take place or should we wait even longer ? 
  depends on whether the country takes advantage of the funds properly and reinvests in key sectors that can bring a positive trade balance and capital flow to the country . 
  the deal with the eu was , as a i said , good for both sides , as it allows both of them to profit in a different way , but whereas one side immediately profits because its corporations do n't waste time and are run efficiently , the other side only profits as much as its government 's actions are efficient . 
  for the most part , they are n't in bulgaria 's case and a lot of the funds end up in the pockets of local oligarchs . 
  it 's up to us to get rid of them and only then will we be winning in the long term from this deal as much as the west is taking from us through their corporate monopolies . 
  when a huge corporation enters a country that has just begun transitioning into market based economics and has no established large corporations of its own , it easily beats the prices of any emerging local producers or retailers , drives them out of business , and thus establishes a monopoly . 
  it can then either jack up the prices , or even if it does n't , simply suck a ton of capital from the country . 
  that 's what happened with retailers in bulgaria for example - the huge chains such as bila , carrefour or lidl came as soon as bulgaira entered the eu and it was no longer possible for the government to support local rising store chains or small shops under eu 's anti-protectionism , single market and free trade rules . 
  they were very swiftly driven out of business by the prices of these giants that no one could compete with . 
  now they dominate the market and it is estimated just the 4 largest chains take roughly 600 million euro out of the country each year . 
  that 's just the largest corporations in one single sector .
