  unless there is something , some element - cultural and ideological , that prevents them from accepting europe as their home , said countries as their only identity , and our nations as their only cultural and demographic group of belonging ? 
  what could this thing be , which instead creates a parallel society inside europe that feels closer to afghanistan despite never having been there rather than to the indigenous natives next door ? 
  well they do apply . 
  the polish minority in the uk is not in a much different situation than the muslim minority there . 
  even worse , often , as the muslim minority is largely uk-born and speaks fluent english , as well as having grown up in a first world country , unlike the polish migrants . 
  i ask again what airplane bombings do you mean and how do they fit in this comaprison ? 
  neither the muslim communities in europe from whom the terrorists come , nor the poles have their countries bombed by airplanes , so i fail to see who you address . 
  ahaha how emotional you got , jesus it 's the fucking internet you sad little person , that 's just pathetic to watch . 
  that 's horse-phobic and bigoted/racist . 
  the ak went as far as central parts of the reich to retreave some of its members taken there for forced labour through well organized operations . 
  it 's hilarious you think they were unable to just blast a bus stop somewhere in berlin . 
  neither , because as i told you , i am not a muslim . 
  i want a simple adoption by all european countries or preferably the entire eu of a point-based quota system of immigration like those of australia or canada . 
  said system should give societies closer to those in europe most quotas - like central and south america for example . 
  those least assimilatable and most prone to religious extremism that creates both terrorism and prevents assimilation , like the muslim world , least quota . 
  so instead of importing most of europe 's immigrants from the least compatible societies with europe as we have been doing for 50 years , we import primarily from compatible societies with no rampant religious radicalisation like the americas or east asia . 
  and leave almost no quotas for muslim countries , exclusively for genuine refugees and experts/scientists/dissidents . 
  to put it simply , instead of maroco , algiers and pakistan being some of the chief sources of immgirants to europe , we make brazil , argentina , mexico , then to a lesser extend phillipines , vietnam , thailand etc. 
  i am talking during the war , before the red army came . 
  an underground state of more than 400,000 people , armed , supplied , capable of operations existed . 
  they regurarly attacked german army patrols , depots etc. 
  show me when they attacked german kindergartens , pre-schools , bus stops with civilians , concert halls and similar targets of muslims today ? 
  and why did n't they attack these targets of civilians when they were being butchered and exterminated by the germans ? 
   it is also well known that migrant communities in the west become significantly less religious each generation through integration to our secular values ( perhaps this process is slower in america where christianity is massively more prevalent compared to other western nations ) . 
  not only is this not `` well know '' , it is actually factually incorrect and the reason your entire position is based on a false premise , one that derives out of wishfull thinking and delusion . 
  in reality , there are almost no terrorists in europe who are first generation immigrants , almost all of them were born and raised here , and became more radicalized and hateful of europe than their parents or grandparents . 
  numerous studies [ keep showing ] ( http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyid=7077172 ) , that the newer generations of muslims [ are growing up more conservative , radical and attached to islam ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/1540895/young-british-muslims-getting-more-radical.html ) than their parents or grandparents who came to europe . 
  not only in europe , they [ are more radical as a second generation in the us too ] ( https://www.brookings.edu/articles/problems-of-the-second-generation-to-be-young-muslim-and-american/ ) . 
  expert atribute this to the fact their parents chose not to assimilate their children into the indigenous european population bu giving them local names for example , as the european immigrants would massively do when they moved to the us this past century precisely in order to fit . 
  instead , muslim immigrants in europe raise muslim children , with a muslim identity , entirely above and beyond any native identity . 
  hence they grow up as a cultural enclave , as colonies , not as assimilatable people who will be unrecognisable after a few generations , as for example poles are after a few generations in the west , or spanish in germany , or italians in beligum etc. 
  by the way , such a shift towards radicalization and islam even occurs in majority muslim countries , where [ younger generations have recently tended to be less secular than older . 
  ] ( https://www.rferl.org/a/kosovo-split-islamic-identity-secular-traditions/27906304.html )  on those grounds , i do not believe that islam is inherently evil , i believe it depends on its cultural context . 
  then you either know nothing about islam and its core messages , or do not accept the classical liberal values of morality as your guides . 
  because tenants such as killing apostates and blasphemers are absolutely core and inseparable from islamic doctrine , no matter how many `` muslims '' today that you might know follow them . 
   anecdotally , i personally know many muslims who are perfectly good , respectable people no different to you or me . 
  are they evil for being muslim ? 
  if they are `` perfectly good , respectable people no different to you or me '' then it means at the very least they do not think a homosexual should be thrown off a high tower , an apostate should be hanged , a blasphemer killed , an adulterous woman stoned or anyone mocking the prophet mohammed killed . 
  since every single one of these is a core tennant of islam , then how are they muslim by anything other than name ? 
  alternatively , if they are among the huge percentage of muslims across the world , who as you can check in the pew researches over the years , support the various disgusting , vile , stone-age practices and messages of islam , then they are n't at all `` perfectly good , respectable people no different to you or me '' . 
  you just think they are because you have courteous relations with them , but if they hold those deep beliefs i ca n't , of course , classify them as good or anything like me or you . 
  lol you do n't `` let terrorism happen '' . 
  as if the authorities are `` letting '' the terrorists do what they do today . 
  if the numerous poles who could travel to east germany during the cold war wanted to do it they would 've . 
  if the polish underground forces in ww2 , who managed to stage entire uprisings wanted to blow up german towns and german women and children , they would have . 
  why would i want to use violence or state power to forbid my fellow citizens what ideologies or religions they can choose to follow ? 
  what am i. . . a muslim ? 
  that 's why . 
  it is n't my job to try and convince you or educate you . 
  you have taken a position which is clearly ideological and i doubt you would bulge , even if [ pew research ] ( http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/02/27/muslims-and-islam-key-findings-in-the-u-s-and-around-the-world/ ) itself tells you there are vast , vast percentages of muslims across the globe who support shariah , the murder of apostates , of homosexuals , the violent acts against blasphemers and infilels etc. 
  i you will just bury your head in the sand no matter how evident it is that islam is a highly hateful and violent ideology that directly influences hundreds of millions , because to you this is a political point above all . 
  your entire post [ was not well though ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/outoftheloop/comments/3b4d97/what_is_with_people_commenting_whoosh_in_response/ ) is the problem here . 
  read my original comment again and try to understand it . 
  a billion or more openly carry regressive ideas that directly lead to a clash with european values and culture . 
  a few hundred million at least are quite close in their conservative islamic views to the terrorists , even if they do not directly condone it . 
  at least a couple hundred million muslims across the world openly support terrorist actions against blasphemers , apostates and others . 
  here are some educational videos on this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pspvnfddqhk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g7taaw3oqvg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=46nh8_bk7ok, 
  `` do n't be mean to muslims or they 'll kill you . '', 
  `` also , there 's * nothing * violent about islam or muslims you bloody bigot ! '', 
  well tell that to the people i am mocking with my original comment - the progressives claiming islamic terrorism has `` nothing to do with islam , a religion of peace , and only stemming from the poor social conditions and discrimination they face in the west '' . 
  the same social conditions and discrimination is faced by millions of non-muslim migrants from africa , asia and eastern europe , who do n't end up blowing themselves or plowing through a crowd . 
  hence , obviously there * is * a lot to do with islam and not just said social conditions that are n't unique to muslim migrants . 
  woosh, 
  there are 40 million poles in europe , most of them highly religious , and many of them under the perfect social `` conditions for radicalization '' , as poor , discriminated migrants in the west . 
  there are only 19 million muslims in europe , not counting russia . 
  do compare the numbers of polish terrorist attacks in the name of their religion and the muslim ones . 
  then give an objective reason as to what is the difference . 
  not the last 50 , but 70 years ago it was raised to the ground with 6 million of its citizens exterminated . 
  tell me , if this is the excuse you decided to go with - how many poles blew themselves killing children and innocents across germany during ww2 and afterwards ? 
  the vast majority of muslim terrorists in europe are born and raised here , and have never even set foot in the countries you talk of . 
  how many terrorist attacks have there been by radical catholics in the name of jesus for the past 20 years in europe ? 
  there are over 200 million catholics here mind you , plenty of them under the same `` social conditions for radicalization '' as migrants . 
  and how many by muslims in the name of islam ? 
  there are barely 19 million muslims , not counting those in russia . 
  why is everyone jumping to conclusions about the suicide bomber who killed 19 people , including many children , last night in manchester ? 
  he could just as well be a polish terrorist , right ? 
  the polish have : - large immigrant community in the uk - first generation , non-assimilated - strongly discriminated against in recent years - largely poor and disadvantaged - live in separated communities - highly religious i was told these were the only reasons for terrorism , so why not bet on him being polish , it all checks ? 
  surely , there 's no other possible factor , one that somehow excludes people like the poles from suicide bombing , is there now ... . 
  why is everyone jumping to conclusions about the suicide bomber who killed 19 people , including many children , last night in manchester ? 
  he could just as well be a polish terrorist , right ? 
  the polish have : - large immigrant community in the uk - first generation , non-assimilated - strongly discriminated against in recent years - largely poor and disadvantaged - live in separated communities - highly religious i was told these were the only reasons for terrorism , so why not bet on him being polish , it all checks ? 
  surely , there 's no other possible factor , one that somehow excludes people like the poles from suicide bombing , is there now ... . 
  in some aspects . 
  in others , namely the fight against isis and islamic terrorism ( which is the focus of this tour ) , he was outright interventionist from the start and strongly repeated this . 
  he vowed to destroy isis and criticised the obama administration for funding jihadi rebels in syria and lybia , as well as for appeasing iran . 
  pretty sure he 's ** mentally retarded autist with sever schizophrenia who is also a nazi dictator racist but somehow ca n't even read lol what a poopiehead , progressives ftw omg i love macron ** . 
   what will happen if people from `` bad '' countries make a coalition and stop selling oil to you ? 
  they die of starvation and complete societal collapse . 
  we buy from one of many other sellers , venezuela , canada , russia , even the us . 
   if eu does n't care about the borders  it should n't care about unilateral consensus when accepting new member states why ? 
  the two are completely separete things . 
  the second one is a usual and accepted mechanism in most international organisations , no matter what they deal with , regarding new members . 
  the first one is a political empire that dictates what borders its members have - something utterly different that has n't been accepted , yet you want , just because you support the catalans . 
  and think that it goes hand in hand with the unanimous member acceptance . 
  well , it does n't . 
  accept that , it 's simple : 1 . 
  members can be accepted only unanimously , 2 . 
  brussels does n't decide on its member states ' borders . 
  not if an existing member , be it spain or any other veto it ( and there will be others as well , opposed to their own internal secessionists ) . 
  a trade and co-operation block still operates on a consensus mode of its member states .
