  to be fair both sallary and prices varry greatly within the country , with certain parts being upwards of 3 times smaller or higher . 
  sofia sallaries average above 600 euros , north-western ones even below the 452 average for the country . 
  not that it excuses the refugees refusing above avarage sallaries . 
  but you say it is necessary in order to keep the peace . 
  so i ask you again - would you be ok if we sacrifice your own country to be the one under the kremlin control for the sake of that peace ? 
  sure man , as long as you volunteer your country to be the one to be sacrificed under kremlin 's sphere for the sake of appeasing them , then i do n't mind . 
  just do n't give these proposals for other people 's countries , who might not want that . 
  it 's too easy `` sacrificing '' someone else 's country . 
  you have problem with your claims being refuted . 
  like a child you ca n't cope with it or admit you were wrong and have to go on an infantile banter . 
  just do n't fool yourself about it - one thing happened here and it was you making a claim , and me giving you examples how it 's wrong . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  which is what every great power ever has done and tried to do . 
  putting puppet governments in place at important or neighbouring states is n't a us invention , it 's been done and still done by all world powers . 
  do n't think you ' r being super original or inciteful with that piece of well known trivia . 
  he is bulgarian but from the type of hardcore russophile communists who loved on russia/lenin/the kremlin and nothing else . 
  he once defended the occupation of buglaria by the red army . 
  i gave examples that refute your claim . 
  instead of address them , you responded with a few childish personal attacks . 
  i know you are at least a bit ashamed by now , but like a stubborn kid ca n't back down from the childish banter . 
  grow up , then join forums please . 
  hopefully , they might end up mistaking it for rwanda and dropping them there instead . 
  is that for security reasons ? 
  in case they fall entirely by accident like the polish presidential or dutch one last year . 
  just for the fact god save the queen has a butthurting effect with its religious and glorification of establishment tones in a country with a large percentage of people against those makes me want to support it for the lolz . 
  4 ) do n't just visit one region , even if many countries . 
  do n't do smth like benelux and france . 
  or just scandinavia . 
  or just the south . 
  do one of each - a country in the west ( eg . 
  uk ) , in the east ( eg . 
  poland ) , in the south ( eg . 
  austria ) and north ( eg . 
  norway ) . 
  added bonus - visit the balkans and you 'll have a ton of memmories ( not guaranteeing that all pleasant :d ), 
  in other news , former soviet agents allocated to the structures of the church approve the actions of the former soviet agents allocated to the structures of the state . 
  has skopje confirmed this ? 
  as the absolutely , 100 % direct descendands each and every one of them of aleksandrovski the great do n't they get to have the difinitive word on this ? 
  [ rule britannia !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhnfvjc99yy ) :d, 
  it 's percectly valid . 
  corbyn is stating a fact that x ( nukes ) did n't protect from y ( terrorist acts ) , when x was never meant to . 
  this guy did the same - stating x ( seat belt ) did n't protect from y ( bullets ) , when x was never meant to . 
  it 's literally a 100 % analogy and you are eitehr too stupid to see it ( which i doubt ) , or more likely lack the arguments to refute it . 
  you put him in his place . 
  do n't m8 him , dude . 
  so perfect for using some protectionist measures ? 
  and russia promised to guarantee the territorial integrity of ukraine in exchange for its nuclear arsenal . 
  the mommorandum it signed , albeit not a binding agreement , is still far more official a promise than the alleged verbal ones given by nato to the ussr . 
  does n't romania have a particurarly high employment in the agricultural sector ? 
  like a few times higher than in most eu countries ? 
  and thus need more than anyone a bit of protectionism for all those jobs ? 
  and the kremlin promised various e.eurpean countries a lot of things through the last couple centuries too . 
  i could n't give a fcuk what they promised , the kremlin is n't entitled to a sphere of influence or a buffer zone in eastern europe . 
  it has zero say in our choice of alliances . 
  duly noted . 
  care to advise me how do i rephrase in a more acceptable manner the comment mannerism of a user whose comment history is hardly anything but posts mirroring completely the kremlin rethoric i was forced to listen to growing up under socialism and can see today copied exact from russia today ? 
  i 'm asking because i see this guy 's comments all the time and have `` debates '' with him here , so his attitude will certainly come up again . 
  few things piss me off as much as hearing ignorant western leftists or brainwashed eastern russophiles talk of nato 's `` eastern expansion '' . 
  as if nato came with tanks to occupy our countries into the alliance . 
  sorry , the kremlin did that . 
  more than once . 
  and that 's why we asked to be in nato - to have at long last a guarantee against russia 's centuries of continuous expansion westward . 
  you 'd benefit a lot actually . 
  like poland , you too have a strong agricultural market that could use a purely protectionist measure , which this really is . 
  does n't all of this proove my point about sweden turning into a third world country ? 
  :d if both largest groups of immigrants towards you are third world scum , what does that bode for the future ? 
  have you prepared a copy of the quran for your future kids already , or are you gon na wait to give it to them as a birthday present ? 
  apart from lanugage , all the romanians i met at university were as slavic as it gets - mannerisms , mentality , cousine , traditions , even intonation . 
  that 's why i ' v heard people call them `` slavs that learned latin '' . 
  sure , and get your ass fined , fired or jailed for `` hate speech '' . 
  last time we here in eastern europe toppled our decades long oppressive communist regimes was 25 years ago . 
  last time you did it was ... uhm ... never . 
  you still get buttfucked as a nation by it and take it like champs . 
  same as your women take it from the muslim and african rapists on a regular basis . 
  as for the third world - it 's where we were and where you are going to be : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wukpeqnyzug, 
  a swede is asking what country would want to import religious extremists with a victim complex ? 
  :d lol , is n't yours taking them by the tens of thousands from all over the world ? 
  the vast majority of people there `` have the possibility '' to leave at any given minute since it 's neither too expensive , nor is the majority unemployed or earning not enough to save up a couple thousand euros to immigrate . 
  and yet , surprisingly for ignorant little shits like you , the vast majority likes their country just enough . 
  even migrants have begun returning recently . 
  that 's elementary school level arguing . 
  very dissapointing to find it here . 
  of the arguments about the hole in your logic you chose to address these few words . 
  could ' v just written a more humble `` yeah i was wrong '' . 
  the young people wanting change of a 40 year dictatorship that has turned into a family dynasty destroyed their country by protesting peacefully , not the illegitimate 40 year dictatorship that shot at them and then dropped barrel bombs on its own cities until they looked like [ this ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/multimedia/archive/00342/114134792_s_342273b.jpg ) ( aleppo ) ? 
  solid logic right there . 
  typical of an entitled little brat living cosily in a country that does n't mass murder protesters . 
  ahh yes , all the western media says is 100 % lies , all the kremlin media and anti-globalist nut jobs say is true . 
  there were no protests in syria , it 's fabrication , right ? 
  go put on a tin foil hat , the alien jewish cia illuminati reptilians might be listening . 
  as a rogue regime , with clear intentions to disregard all human righta and the life of his own people , spitting in the face of the west that stood against him , his remaining in power guarantees nothing . 
  now that he was pushed to the brink of the abbys and survived , even against the west 's support for his opposition , he will have full reign to do as he pleases . 
  what 's stopping him from organizing a little genocide to wipe out those communities within the state that opposed him the most ? 
  or gas the unruly kurds same as his father 's old buddy saddam did ? 
  there is no telling what awaits syria with assad in place and russia guaranteeing and backing him , besides that it will be completely out of our control . 
  with an opposition government in place however the west can practically make syria a puppet state . 
  a regime dependent on western support will do as told . 
  will crack down on the islamsits and whichever group told by the west . 
  will leave alone whichever group told by the west .
