  also russia seen as a bulwark against `` western imperialism '' was very popular among the serbs i ' v talked to . 
  any arguments i would give to point out russian imperialism thorugh the centuries and today were often dismissed . 
  all of this , plus the above mentioned historical actions of the serb state have led me to the conclusion i stated . 
  you guys paraded your army in front of putin like some tzar for christ sake ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2hc7skpsgi, 
  cheers . 
  name a balkan country more consistently on russia 's side in the past 200 years or one that has attacked other countries on russia 's orders , as in 1885 ? 
  serbia is the lapdog of russia in the balkans , it 's not a good source of information for the balkans as a whole . 
  english is compulsory for most business here . 
  as i wrote elsewhere : in my country only people above 40 speak russian in any significant percentage . 
  english on the other hand is spoken by the vast majority of those under 40 , and by some above 40 . 
  german is also very popular . 
  i worked in hr and recruiting and russian was almost never sought after , whereas english was compulsory for almost every job we were hiring for . 
  in my country only people above 40 speak russian in any significant percentage . 
  english on the other hand is spoken by the vast majority of those under 40 , and by some above 40 . 
  german is also very popular . 
  we need to make beekeeping a trendy and profitable hobby for all europeans if we are to reverse the decline in bees . 
  +99 % of europe 's population is white . 
  it is the historic birthplace of white people and the historically most white continent . 
  it is the place that the largest number of white nations developped . 
  it is the only continent with a strong white majority today . 
  and you are annoyed there are n't more non-whites in its leadership ? 
  i bet a lot of money you do n't have the same problem with african or asian countries not having white heads of state . 
  and i 'm terribly happy that it is as your post suggests . 
  why are you people discussing full scale , old school invasions where mountains matter ? 
  russia poses a threat as an organizer of asymetric , `` insurgency '' based invasions in neighbouring countries - that 's what the baltics fear , not an outright invasion with a million soldiers across europe where it would matter who has rivers and who mountains . 
  that 's the stuff of fantasies , or pc games . 
  being the second worst in the eu must be the highest achievement in the `` long '' history of romania . 
  the beach is huge , literary an entire bay of lots of kilomtres , this is a picture of the one 100-200 metre strip after the main street that is crowded , the rest is pretty normal , or at least was when i went there this summer . 
  the beach itself at sunny beach is not that bad . 
  the resort is infamous for the club night life . 
  it was created in 3 steps with various ammounts of support from the people . 
  first it was a coup by the bolsheviks against the provisional government that was the one supported by the february revolution . 
  this had zero support among the nation as a whole . 
  then it was a civil war against the whites with enough support for both sides to wreck the whole country , chiefly comming from the bolshevik decision to leave the first world war , winning them the support . 
  then it was a swift transition into a totalitarian state with extreme suppressive aparatus , imposing collectivisation , mass shootings and concentration camps . 
  this had minimal support , entirely from the people who could take advantage of it from within the system . 
  at least i ' v got actual first hand view . 
  compared to that your opinion is based on what ? 
  what you heard here and there ? 
  what you saw on russia today ? 
  you make statements that are finite and based on complete lack of any personal involvement in the subject , yet call my first hand experience just `` anecdotal evidence '' . 
  perfect logic for never trusting anything that opposes your chosen world view . 
  and ours by protecting the country from a second serb invasion after the serb-greek alliance after the war of 1912 and their collective actions in refusing the bulgarian proposal of redistribution of the ottoman land according to ethnicity . 
  just because i was there to see how everyone was organized , how school teenagers were coming to help , how doctors , lawyers , teachers were leaving work to be there , how no one was armed with heavy weaponry or trained by professional soldiers - that 's why it means something . 
  whereas the rapid taking over of an entire region , of dozens of military bases and police stations by well armed , well trained men - this is something we can call a foreign intervention . 
  you are comparing people armed with sticks and stones on a square to people armed with rpgs and the newest russian-made automatic rifles in 100 villages , towns and road-blocks . 
  of the nation state , since it was n't the people who were asked about anything happening in the ussr , least of all its creation . 
  66 million britons can now move into my tiny bulgaria and make us all drink tea with milk and bugger kids . 
  should 've we made a year long campaign about that dreaded possibility ? 
  just because , technically , it can happen ? 
  or would you consider it a ridiculous waste of money and effort , in very very poor taste at that , on something that statistics and reality show to be impossible ? 
  yet the non-stop media campaign i had to endure whilst studying in the uk in 2013-2014 was against `` the bulgarians and romanians '' , who were all going to pack their bags and 27 million people drop for benefits in the uk . 
  there were leaflets from ukip being handed over in front of my uni with warnings about that and i saw some sort of news almost daily . 
  did n't see anything about non-eu immigrants or the 1000 times more pakistanis and indians who move into the uk though . 
  i guess they are n't eligible targets for such campaigns cause they are n't white . 
  ukraine is more anti-russian than ever in its history . 
  it is firmly detached from any future connections or influence of the kremlin and set on co-operation with the west . 
  how , exactly , did the west `` loose in ukraine , lol '' ? 
  no , whataboutism referst to drawing attention away from subject a by talking about something entirely different , like global warming . 
  the question here is secession of regions on base of their ethnicity and self-determination . 
  russia actively supports that in its neighbours , makes moral statements about the right of people and regions to self determination and independance , and is happy to take land when it happens , but then goes on to completely forbid the same thing in its own country . 
  it is n't whataboutism , it 's a pointing out hypocrisy . 
  whataboutism would be asking why russia has an hiv epidemic - that 's something entirely different meant to just take attention away . 
  ussr dissolution had the consent of the nation state . 
  the kremlin carried it out , with the highest authority - the head of state , signing it . 
  please read your own recent history . 
  i was at the euromaidan jackass , no one was paying me to be there , arming me with heavy weaponry or training me how to use artilery . 
  there was an uprising of people fed up with their corrupt kremlin puppet in kiev , and then there were spontaneus appearances of professionally armed men all across donbas , taking over military bases and police stations , setting up checkpoints , bringing in artilery , tanks and anti-aircraft missiles across ther russian border . 
  then opening fire with all of the above when the ukrainian army came to take its own region back . 
  you compare the two and call them the same ? 
  i know leftie greece loves to be pro-russian because it never actually experienced the effects of russian occupation like us , but you ca n't possibly be that blind . 
  cheers, 
  care to copy and post the full article so i do n't have to subscribe ? 
  traitor . 
  this is frighteningly accurate . 
  except macedonia should be shouting something along the lines of `` i 'm alexander 's descendant !, 
  we created all of you !, 
  you steal our history ! '', 
  i was actually told that last bit by a romanian friend . 
  after listening to me talking to my ex-gf he claimed the intonation and way of speaking was identical to romanian , just the words different . 
  i have yet to understand where all those similarities come from between a slavic and a latin country . 
   yes , we have our share of ultra-nationalists and neo-nazis . 
  you know what 's the difference ? 
  they are persecuted , not armed and used as a paramilitary force . 
  on the contrary , they are armed and sent into neighbouring countries to form frozen conflicts . 
  a number of captured russian fighters in ukraine were found to be such . 
   are you saying that in all those countries `` national heroes '' were by strange coincidence nazi collaborators who participated in holocaust and brutal ethnic cleansing ? 
  in all those countrie national heroes were people who fought for the particular nation with different degrees of moral authority . 
  some were , indeed , nazi collaborators as in the baltic republics . 
  others did , arguably , commit war crimes . 
  yet carying their images was a sign of national soverignty over bowing down to the kremlin , not of a desire to mass murder people . 
  same in ukraine , where no program of extermination of the russians has been taken up by the supposedly `` nazi '' government . 
  in fact thousands of russian refugees from donbas went all the way to lvov , the supposed `` heartland of the nazis '' and are living peacefully and safely . 
  even knowing the extend of kremlin 's propaganda i still find it so baffling how can there be people who believe in the now old and almost comical accusation of all who oppose it as `` nazis '' and `` fascists '' . 
  those words have completely lost their meaning in modern russia . 
   so all those antimaidans and pro-russian rallies did n't happen ? 
  they did , same as in kharkiv , zaporozhia and other russian dominated cities . 
  but only in the regions where russia sent its operatives it escalated into a war that has destroyed those regions completely and killed thousands . 
  donbas would be like kharkiv today if the kremlin did n't choose to make it another frozen conflict . 
  there would n't be any `` ethnic cleansings '' same as there are n't any in the other russian-majority regions in ukraine at the moment .
