  i remember our cities like that in the 90s . 
  beautiful stars and even more beautiful muggings . 
  [ the difference ] ( http://postimg.org/image/3jr2h98qf/ ) with how [ bright sofia is ] ( http://postimg.org/image/osij3wrcn/ ) now is astonishing and [ truly makes it more beauitiful ] ( http://postimg.org/image/lesdhll6f/ ) , compared to when we did n't have the `` horrible light pollution '' . 
  said the dutch . 
  i have a genuine question - how `` real '' is the crackdown on corruption in romania , and how much of it has political connotations ? 
  secondly , can it last in the long term , or is it just a temporary wave ? 
  thirdly , is society overal , in the lowest of levels , getting rid of corruption . 
  petty stuff , like policemen and burreaucracy ? 
  definitely . 
  according to the ppp map , we are actually '' * only * '' 3 times poorer . 
  o kurwa , switzerland is exactly 10 times that of my country . 
  depressed for the rest of the day . 
  how the hell is portugal almost 3 times poorer than spain ? 
  are sallaries in poland higher than slovakia , hungary and estonia though ? 
  unerlated question , but apart from serbs , why are armenians always the first to defend russia everywhere ? 
  especially in the case of ukraine , do n't you understand they are historically to russia what you were to turkey ? 
  today of all days , when we commemorate 1.5 million armenians killed by the turks , perhaps armenians should also remember 7 million ukrainians were killed by the kremlin that they so eagerly always defend . 
  is n't poland always shown as below the gdp per capita of slovakia and hungary , or below average sallaries , at least on graphs i ' v seen . 
  how is it possible hungary to below even my country , despite a significantly better track record in the past 20 years ? 
  belarus also has a far better track record , despite the dictatorship , with higher gdp and none of the enormous population loss than bulgaria , yet here so much behind ? 
  why should they not own those islands ? 
  because the situations are n't parallel . 
  christians killed in ottoman empire is parallel to congolese killed by the belgians or indians killed by europeans in america - a native population butchered in its ancestral lands by occupying invaders . 
  turks killed in the balkans is parallel to french colonists killed in vietnam or algiers , or british colonists killed in india after the end of their occupation . 
  both are tragic , but not parallel to the circumstances . 
  in one case the victims were a priviliged colonial class that was ruling over a native people in their own homeland . 
  in the other the victims were the oppressed people themselves , killed inside their homeland , by occupying invaders . 
  care to provide any source , official or not , of that number ? 
  5 million was n't even the combined population of bulgaria , macedonia and northern greece , together with their entire christian majority . 
  you are making those numbers up . 
  because the situations are n't parallel . 
  christians killed in ottoman empire is parallel to congolese killed by the belgians or indians killed by europeans in america - a native population butchered in its ancestral lands by occupying invaders . 
  turks killed in the balkans is parallel to french colonists killed in vietnam or algiers , or british colonists killed in india after the end of their occupation . 
  both are tragic , but not parallel to the circumstances . 
  in one case the victims were a priviliged colonial class that was ruling over a native people in their own homeland . 
  in the other the victims were the oppressed people themselves , killed inside their homeland , by occupying invaders . 
  there never was a genocide against turks in bulgaria . 
  genocide implies killing , there was never an organised attempt to mass murder all turks in bulgaria . 
  there were sporadic massacres of hundreds , reaching up to 1 or 2 thousand people during the war of 1878 , mainly involving the russian army and bulgarian irregulars . 
  out of 1 million turks however , not even 1 % has ever been killed . 
  expulsed - yes , on two waves , aprox . 
  25 % of them have been . 
  many were let to return afterwards too . 
  hence the 800,000 strong turkish minority in bulgaria today . 
  this is entirely and completely different from killing 1.5 million people . 
  what massacres ? 
  how many turks were killed in the entire history of bulgaria since 1878 ? 
  explused , yes , massacred ? 
   britain is a net-contributor to the eu . 
  ** they ** may hate british politics but they need the money considering i , with a bulgarian flair , wrote the comment stating the uk should n't leave , `` they '' looks like addressing us . 
  and did you read how much of this comes to the pockets of my people ? 
  after the other net receivers , including rich states like belgium and greece , or large ones like poland and romania , bulgaria gets pretty much fuck all - which is then further pocketed in half by the mafia that runs the country . 
  you are arrogant and full of yourself to think your country 's contribution is impacting me enough to make me want you to stay in the union for your money . 
  even more so being a person in the it sector who earns above the average uk sallary to care for eu funds in the first place . 
  perfect . 
  please putin too . 
  and geert wilders . 
  maybe some golden dawn guys here and there or an honorary david duke visit . 
  i do n't want to see britain leave . 
  the person above literary just used ad hominem and whataboutism to dillute criticism of the west , but it 's only the right that does it ... sure :d, 
  they are mobsters who previously engaged in racketeering , drugs and smugling , now realized how profitable smuggling people across the border or robbing passers is . 
  that 's why they return them back to germany instead of handing to the police - so they can pay their way into the eu . 
  their criminals past has been widely publicised . 
  i 'll try the actual source i remember with podemos activists on twitter posting their mensturation and writing this . 
  whataboutism and ad hominem in one short package . 
  the two firm pillars of left wing discourse : `` who are you to say that ! '', 
  and `` but what about these guys ! '', 
  podemos has to be the most grotesque abomination of the far left i ' v seen in recent years . 
  they are like an impossible straw man of some right wing nut . 
  at some point their members had a campaign `` eat your own menstruation if you are a real woman and a feminist '' . 
  where 's i 'm neither part of ataka , nor have i advocated this . 
  do you need to scrape the shit off the bottom of debating barrel to feel ashamed ? 
  i am screenshotting this conversation as example . 
  give for what ? 
  i say there was n't a mass expulsion or murder of muslims in bulgaria like there was against christians . 
  it 's the one claiming there was such who should provide sources of it . 
  40 vs 10,000 is n't comparable is it ? 
  i 'm advocating genocide ? 
  i thought you could n't sink any lower . 
  even deleted your comment . 
  pathetic . 
  getting ashamed of how you presented yourself here and beating a retreat is worthless at such a later stage . 
  the conversation above stands as a testament for what your intellectual and cultural level is . 
  again , i 'd need sources . 
  40 male gipsies were killed in koprivshtica . 
  where else ? 
  how many ? 
  the bulgars were tengri and then christian , they never were muslim here in the balkans , it 's ironic you would call my history knowldge then write things like that . 
  you seem to know better than me whom i support . 
  and now seem to have completely capitulated to even try and argue the point of this debate , completely going off into ad hominem . 
  pathetic , you truly lack basic communication and debate skills . 
  i will tag you and only answer from now on directly to topics being discussed , do n't waste my time with your frustrated attempts at baiting a childish banter on all topics unrelated to the one started here . 
  does n't make it worse either - you ca n't `` cure '' a child rapist and murdered . 
  experts across the entire board argue that the eu ca n't exist in the future without more integration , which ca n't be imposed from the top to bottom like before , but must be accepted by the people through only a common european identity . 
  it is a major thesis argued across the eu that you ca n't dismiss with a simple `` who cares about common identity '' . 
  it 's based on numerous arguments that uneducated peasants like you never cared read up on , and actively work on by the eu itself . 
  here 's some of them : https://ec.europa.eu/research/social-sciences/pdf/policy_reviews/development-of-european-identity-identities_en.pdf http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/citizens-of-the-eu-how-to-forge-a-common-european-identity-a-800775.html http://www.debatingeurope.eu/2011/12/19/is-a-european-identity-possible/#.vxevrk9f350 atheist nations like czechia have no problem with having a common identity with christian nations like poland . 
  the attitude polls towarsd such nations show it . 
  but atheist nations like czechia are stounchly against muslim in europe just as much as christian ones like poland . 
  actually , atheist czechia is more against muslims than christian ireland is .
