  a ruin is a very uniformed description of the city . 
  panorama : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8f/downtown_sofia_boby_dimitrov_1.jpg http://travelandstories.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/sofia-3.jpg, 
  many times over we ' v seen this in history - the people burning the rulers alive and hoping for a better future . 
  but the revolution always eats its children . 
  it always replaces one group of snakes with another , often equally corrupt but far more brutal and ruthless having tasted blood and resorted to violence once already . 
  in my opinion the only viable solution , albeit not as popular or `` just '' sounding is the path of steady , but constant , reforms . 
  the judiciary has to become independent , then the executive . 
  people need to slowly start getting into prison for corruption until no one dares do it as openly as now . 
  this is the way nordics , switzerland or new zealand defeated corruption and became working societies , not bloody revolutions and burning people by the mob . 
  that 's the path of many third world countries that never led to anything different from a dictator or yet another crony regime in place . 
  you basically described the thinking i ' v tried explaining to lots of people who ' v called me a rusophobe . 
  that i do n't in the slightest hate russian people , their culture and great contributions , but the instances in history when the state 's imperialism has led to lots of misery for people both in and around the country . 
  including today . 
  this is n't rusophobia , it 's a hatred of despotism and imperialism , which unfortunately i feel many russians see almost as part of their nation 's `` purpose '' and tradition , enough to equate a hatred of them with a hatred of the nation . 
   enjoy your katyn russian class . 
  as always . 
  hey at least skopje is making progress , this will likely be the first monument there to someone they have an actually relevant claim on . 
  `` the christ of nations '' would be more accurate as self-depiction for the poles . 
  the oldest nation state in europe with the same name is n't european european . 
  but i bet 130 year old countries with zero statehood history before like belgium are `` european european '' in your book , right ? 
  because they are the eternal bitch of russia in europe . 
  to the point of hating russia 's victims for being anti-russian . 
  they have the same religion . 
  second one is by far the best . 
  anti-eu fearmongering 's been going on for a while . 
  about time people heard what the actual implications of an exit would be beyond `` sticking it to the brussels eurocrats '' . 
  i 'm sorry that does n't agree with your views . 
  both things you said - dependant on russian gas and profit from russian economy have the same reason . 
  for 45 years we were artifically `` welded '' into the russian economy like an apendix . 
  they would built hundreds of heavy industry plants that only operate thanks to almost free russian raw resources , in the most unfeasable places . 
  they would establish every aspect of our planned economy to run in parralel with that of the ussr . 
  today we `` profit '' most from russian trade because of this legacy . 
  but things are changing - the sanctions are good at this because they force plenty of our businesses to sever those festering relations with russia and find new markets . 
  soon as we connect to azerbaijan , iran and transoxania in energy we would have truly undone the 45 years of communist preparation for us being an ex-clave of russia . 
  and he created what ? 
  which alphabet ? 
  here 's the point your little remark kinda fails , because you obviously do n't know what you are talking about . 
  cyril and methodious created the [ glagolithic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glagolitic_alphabet ) alphabet , which is not in use by any country today . 
  the [ cyrillic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_cyrillic_alphabet ) alphabet was created after their death , in the [ preslav literary school ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/preslav_literary_school ) in the capital of the first [ bulgarian empire ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_bulgarian_empire ) by a number of bulgarian scholars , who used to be students of cyril . 
  they created an alphabet that borrowed from both glagolithik and greek in order to better suit it to the sound of medieval bulgarian and other slavic languages . 
  ( hence the one letter for one sound we have today , rather than diphtongues like in cyril 's glagolithic ) and named it in honour of their teacher , [ cyril ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saints_cyril_and_methodius#mission_to_the_slavs ) - died 14 february 869 , cyrillic created circa 893 ad . 
  ... is what you can hear bulgarians shout in anger whenever cyrillic and its invention is mentioned . 
  are n't the us sanctioning them as well ? 
  if a country can only be held together if there 's a dictatorship with oil revenues in place , it obviously should n't be a country . 
  if there 's no national construct in place and all gets torn to regional and tribal pieces the moment it can - it should n't be held together at all . 
  it 's an unnatural colonial creation and the people should be left to form whatever state constructs they feel like , rather than live within arbitrary old borders . 
  they fight now among themselves to form those borders and identities , same as we did in the balkans 100 years ago ( and in the western balkans 20 years ago ) . 
  it will pass and there will be more natural and sustainable societal structures in place afterwards . 
  eastern europe is far dependent and exploited by russia , than the us . 
  the first one uses it monopoly on energy supplies to plenty of countries , like my own , to demand prices higher than even western europe pays . 
  it uses corruption to pay political parties , like ours bsp and ataka , to spread populism , anti-eu sentiment , far-right ideologies and to sign energy deals that cost the state billions . 
  ( the failed atomic station they tried building in bg through bribing the socialist gvnmt costs 10 billion euros ) . 
  the us on the other hand does what ? 
  outsource a whole bunch of companies that bring billions and employ thousands ? 
  we sure need independence from that ... 
  on the contrary - globalisation makes cultures bland and the same . 
  the idea all societies must become like the us or australia - just a mix of people from all over teh world with no strong tie to the history , culture , identity , language , traditions and heritage of one particular ethnic group that formed the nation . 
  the contrary to this is nation-states - where each unique culture/ethnicity has its own country , dedicated to preserving the culture and uniqueness of that said group . 
  europe , for example , is an astonishingly diverse place as it is , without the africans and asians that come . 
  a place of increadibly rich regional and national cultures , art , music , cousine , history and heritage . 
  all of this is getting sidelined for the sake of emulating the us or canada . 
  which is idiotic , because they need the diversity and immigration to build up cultures and national heritage due to their recent creation - we do n't . 
  we have millenia of cultural heritage and history that we just need to cherish and preserve to keep the continent diverse . 
  not bring millions of people from other continents with zero connection to said cultures and heritage just to emulate others . 
  first of all , i did n't mean to defend the communist regime for you to come at me as if i do . 
  when i said they left willingly i meant as opposed to being deported . 
  of course i know very well of the process against them and the things you mentioned , which is the reason they left , but i meant is still a willing leaving as opposed to the regime saying all turks are now exiled , leave until this date . 
  my correction was the language used , not the essence of what the communists did . 
  and i make the same correction for the rest of your post - those are n't data of turks exiled from bulgaria , those are the waves of turks leaving for various reasons . 
  wars , regime change , economic downturn or , in cases like discussed above , the late 80s communist policies against them . 
  turks have , however , never been forcibly kicked out of the country , nor are the communist oppressive measures something reoccurring . 
  i was n't laughing at the greeks , i was inviting them . 
  not sure why you took my post as a negative . 
  true , although the most left willingly as the commies opened the borders for turks only . 
  if they had been exiling the turkish community we would n't have 800,000 left today . 
  not that awesome when you know the target is the biggest mafia boss and oligarch in bulgaria . 
  his ethnicity is completely irrelevant and he 's hated for being the symbol of corruption and political crime in the country . 
  most people , including turks , would love to see his brains blown . 
  exactly , the key word is having an irrational fear or hatred for beliefs and people who carry them . 
  there is nothing irrational in despising islam as an ideology , same as when despising nazism , fascism or bolshevism . 
  we do n't call people who protest nazi rallies and heil hitler chants `` bigots '' . 
  islam is no different - it 's clear messages and political structure are quite close to fascism and there 's zero reason one should n't be able to express his contempt for them . 
  hating on muslims themselves , just because they were born to a religion is bigotry and stupid . 
  most do n't follow or even understand the messages of the religion they were born into , so one should n't hate them . 
  however when they chant `` allahu akbar '' , the expression of all that is wrong with islam , i have all the right to be as negative towards them as someone is towards people shouting `` heil hitler '' . 
  it 's just a double standard that lets one fascist and detrimental ideology get away with the criticism it deserves simply because it survived for 1400 years and is ingrained in certain cultures . 
  if nazism had survived 1400 years as the official ideology of a number of states should ' v we been `` tolerant '' and `` respectful '' of their fascist beliefs ? 
  no , an ideology is judged by the messages it conveys , not the amount of people or cultures it has a hold on . 
  the messages of islam are overwhelmingly negative , at least to my beliefs , and therefore i have all the right in the world to consider it a `` savage '' ideology and the people who proudly shout its chant - savages . 
  i 'm seeing a ton of them here in sofia . 
  whereas it was the other way around until recently , bulgarians leaving for work in greece , i now work with 6 greeks in my company ( out of 25 people ) and constantly hear greeks around the centre . 
  it 's actually quite nice since we need as many young people as we can to fill the jobs and push the economy after we lost 2 million , or 25 % of our population as a result of the communist collapse . 
  so , cmon greeks , come over to sofia . 
  bigot : `` a person who is intolerant towards those holding different opinions . '', 
  we hold the opinion islam is a corrosive and dangerous political and social ideology . 
  allahu akbar being akin to heil hitler , as representation of this ideology . 
  you ca n't accept our views or even try and understand them since it goes against your opinions . 
  that 's textbook bigotry - on your part . 
  dude , a situation where i 'm rooting for the gypos . 
  shit must ' v got some proper bad .
