  what has this clip or burr 's jokes to do with the post and topic ? 
  the essence of the `` balkan mentality '' : i am genuinely happy my country lags significantly behind the developed world in something ... simply because it lags less than the rest of the balkans . 
  stalinists and other left-wing authoritarians directly threaten social classes , human rights and the very existence of groups such as myself . 
  ( private property owners , private business owners , so-called `` bourgeoisie '' , right wing people unwilling to bend over to a marxist revolution ) people like me die when marxists come to power , why should i fear or hate them any less than a ethnic or sexual minority should fear nazis coming to power ? 
  `` after all those years of islamic terrorism , it just seems understandable that some people on the right want the muslims gassed '', 
  did i claim there was a majority-held sentiment like this , or merely that it exists ? 
  check out how many deny or downovote someone like me merely noting the very existence of such a sentiment , which i furthermore specified was inside an ideological group , never claimed `` across society '' . 
  why are people eager to shun you if you point out to the above phenomenon ? 
  at no point did any roman region in europe have a non-europid/caucasoid parity , majority or even a major minority . 
  absolutely there remained the racial homogenity within europe during the roman empire , despite the increased presence of people from africa and asia in its main cities . 
  if you were to walk the countryside of spain , gaul or italy , you would overwhelemingly see europid/cuacasoid people same as thousands of years before , and 2 thousand years later . 
  this fake inserting of a made up racial diversity in europe 's history is quite pathetic nowadays , truly . 
  like when they had julius caesar played by a black actor . 
  proper falsifying of history for the purpose of modern day politics . 
  you 'll grow out of it . 
  i forgive you and hope you do well in life mate !, 
  you are projecting , meaning you desperately try to offend me emotionally by throwing pathetic little insluts about things like my country being a shithole or me being a teenager . 
  the very fact you assume i would get offended by these and thus use them in the context you did is a form of projections - whereby you think i would get offended because you get offended by such yourself . 
  ergo , you are a whiny , emotional little bitch who does n't like people saying his country is a shithole or that he 's an teenager looser , so you use these same insults at others . 
  i kinda pity you , but i know most teenagers grow out of their pathetic phases so you should n't be judged too hard as you might end up a normal person one day . 
  i sincerely wish you all the best in life !, 
  still projecting ? 
  we 've found out till now you get offended when someone talks shit of your country , or your age . 
  what more , show us ? 
  except the overwhelming percentage of victims in the marxist dictatorships of the 20th century were the poor . 
  those who starved en mass in the planned holodmor of stalin in ukraine were the poorest farmers . 
  those whom lenin starved through the forced collectivisation were the farmers . 
  those whom mao starved through the `` great leap forward '' , where he demanded each farm starts producing for example steel , were farmers . 
  whenever a regime like that collapses inevitably it wrecks poverty and death to the poorest . 
  marxism and marxist totalitarians are an absolute disaster for the poor above anyone else , so your dichotomy makes zero sense in the context of what we discuss . 
  am i supposed to be offended by this ? 
  :d you project too much , not everyone is a butthurt bitch that gets easily offended by personal attacks like you . 
  lol someone 's triggered, 
  how about we just reduce mass migration from outside of europe to a minimum and just leave things as they are ? 
  people like you pretend it 's the opposite side that wants something fundamental changed/done , when actually its the other way around . 
  we want europe and our societies to simply remain with the demographic they have . 
  you are the ones supporting a fundamental , historical change of it through a mass migration from africa and asia . 
  it is , indeed , if i wanted something out of it . 
  i do n't , i merely share my opinion on a topic based on such statistics you can also find for yourself . 
  if you are interested to explore how valid this new thing you heard on the internet is - do it . 
  if you are n't , do n't . 
  i am not trying to get anything out of this conversation to have any burden whatsover on me to go spend time at work digging up statsistics on peace and security around the world i have already seen . 
  i am sorry you or this conversation are not as important for me to dedicate that time . 
  yep , very easy . 
  feel free to dedicate a few minutes on google on it if you are interested to see this alternative to your views thesis . 
  i pay taxes from the businesses i own and in turn receive protection of those businesses and my private property by a tax-paid state police , judiciary , army etc. 
  pathetic to try and equate that to outright destruction of the very right to own private property or develop private enterprise , as well as the extermination of all who oppose having their existing private property or enterprise taken by force . 
  but logical of an apologetic of the genocidal regimes of the 20th century who did that . 
  a statistic showing said homogeneus societies - poland , hungary , japan etc. 
  as the most peaceful and safe on earth , with zero threats of terrorism , racial ghetto riots or the like is quite easy to prove . 
  quite convenient . 
  not to ever risk being proven wrong or outed for the lack of logical arguments and knowledge on these subjects , but preserving instead the ability to mire in your own hatred and feelings of self-righteousness . 
  a case-study of an extremist living in his comfortable ideological bubble . 
  good luck . 
  end of discussion to a communist apologetic like yourself . 
  to anyone who understand and knows what communism requires to create a classless society * in practice * - and has always done that - the mass extermination of vast swathes of society due to their natural and inborn opposition to being robbed and disposed of all they have since they belong to `` the wrong classes '' . 
  end of discussion . 
  because you clearly juxtapose them being left-wingers with being instead `` hardcore authoritarian fucknuts '' , as if the two are mutually exclusive . 
  you should ask that question the collective human race , which objectively and observably immediately goes into social tension and conflicts whenever a society goes from racially homogeneus towards racial balkanization . 
  i am stating how it observably is , not how it should be according to me . 
  homogeneus racially states like poland , hungary , japan etc. 
  observably lack the racial issues of the us , france , uk , south africa etc. 
  you ask me why they should be like that , as if i support it , when what i do is simply show the clear correlation on a racially homogeneus society sparing itself the racial issues those others have . 
  so , give an objective reason why poland for example should wellcome , say , 5 million africans and arabs ? 
  how will this not be a negative thing , not because i want it to be , but because we can objectively conclude it always is as it always leads to racial , cultural and other problems that did n't exist before . 
   lol  yeah , people like stalin and mao and pol fucking pot were classical  left-wingers , no ? 
   totally not hardcore authoritarian fucknuts . 
  let 's just throw them on  the ` left wing ' heap regardless . 
   tells me all i need to know about you same as your specific claims , such as claiming the left ca n't veer towards authoritarianism , tells me exactly what i need to know about you . 
  your claim comes straight out of the far-left and its apologetics for all kinds of genocidal , authoritarian left-wing dictatorships as `` not truely leftist '' . 
  hence i am free to accept who you are based on this same as you did ( hence the ditto ) , on me by my reaction . 
  yet not a trace of that mixing is significantly non-europid/caucasian to claim the people of the pannonian basin , as in most of europe , have n't been of the same racial group for thousands of years . 
  they have , and we know it quite clearly through archeology . 
  no other racial group - be it the negroid or mongolid , has ever in the past few thousand years dominated on the european continent . 
  you do . 
  you 're the one who started it here , i did n't write to you . 
  why do you lie , or are you delusional about your own actions ? 
  the fuck ? 
  where did i say it was ? 
  it was imposed , and that was bad . 
  are you insane or completely unable to debate people ? 
  so did i. 
  it 's a fact you pathetic leftists are increasingly powerless in your screeching of the `` racist '' buzzword at anyone you disagree with . 
  it must be frustrating . 
  do n't waste people 's time if you ' r are unwilling or unable to defend your statements . 
  it is n't . 
  who said we determine the demographics of our societies based on the personal qualities ? 
  it 's not a corporate competition or a test , it 's a social group that is simply most cohesive when more homogeneus . 
  less cohesive and more prone and at risk of internal conflicts , when less homogeneus . 
  those are n't ideas or desires made from an ideological point of you , they are objective obesrvations of human history and our social evolution . 
  when importing millions of people from different races , cultures , religions into a previously homogeneus society does n't inevitably create social clashes , problems , segregations and unnecessary dificulties of all kinds - then you can say it makes sense to racially , culturally and religious diversity a homogeneus society . 
  until this is n't the case , the rational thing for countries like poland , hungary or japan is to keep their homogeneity as it is . 
  i nowhere said people thinking what 's best is the bad thing . 
  people * imposing * on others what they think it 's best . 
  you still do n't get it or pretend not to . 
  the semantics is in playing with the words far-right as equal to nazis , but claim the far left only incorporates the moderate , non-genocidal marxists . 
  i said this is n't the case and the far-right mainly consists of regular nationalists wanting precisely and independent nation , not the racial engineering of hitler . 
  thank you , sincerely , for this comment . 
  the authoritarian or anti-authoritarian axis is not a left-wing perogative , there are left and right wing authoritarians , left and right wing libertarians . 
  left-right concerns attitudes towards private property and capital .
