  which comment ? 
  seriously , all my comments i can see . 
  [ here 's my screen of the comments up until you wrote one is deleted ] ( http://postimg.org/image/b4vsouc97/ )  raving chauvinist who ca n't deal with historical facts . 
  :'( you are the one who 's chauvinism against bulgaria causes him to miuse historical and political terms just to throw a cheap insult . 
  and do n't make me laught with the historical facts - i listed plenty here about the strucutre of bulgaria at the time and what constitues a national socialist state , you ignored all and completely stay away from historical facts as means of discussion , rather simply attacking me in every post and writing emoticons . 
  your lack of self awarenss is astounding . 
  go on , one last time , give `` the historical facts '' that classify bulgaria in the period of ww2 as a state with a national socialist system in place ? 
   a fucking fact , however you spin it . 
  end of the story . 
  good night . 
  : *  i just posted you a photo of bulgarian soldier during ww2 ... looks like a nazi to me . 
   now get over the fact that you lost every fucking war ... sure , i do . 
  you are the person who first wrote :  but what about the turkish people who lost their lives or property in purges and ethnic cleansings during 19th and 20th centuries ? 
  then when confronted with the same attrocities towards bulgarians by another guy you answered :  who says ? 
  bulgarian propaganda book ? 
  and  will you cry me a river ? 
  now you ' v written two posts just attacking who i am and what i know , not discussing the actual topic . 
  basically to you and most turks : `` turks were killed '' = `` why no one cares about tragedy !!! '', 
  `` turks killed people '' = `` lol haha cry me a river bitch turk power '' i let people decide who 's the troll and hypocritical about the topic . 
   i just posted you a photo of bulgarian soldier during ww2 ... looks like a nazi to me . 
  looks like a nazi is a wonderful argument . 
  proper when discussing an entire state . 
  a titan of debating you are . 
   also killing jews in occupied territories is pretty much nazism . 
  then good thing bulgarians never did that . 
  germany deported jews from occupied territories that it controlled . 
  bulgaria could n't do anything about it . 
  so it did n't . 
  that 's not nazism , particurarly when they saved those jews that they could - within bulgaria . 
   here i will change it , just for you : '' '' or maybe bulgaria being , well you know , allied with the fucking nazis in ww2 had something to do with the opposition to bulgaria and `` bulgarophobia '' yep , that 's great . 
  took you quite some time to realize you are regurgitating bullshit , infactual propaganda . 
  there 's hope for all it seems . 
   now get over the fact that you lost every fucking war ... [ won every single war we fought one on one with serbia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-bulgarian_war ) , as well as pretty much most battles against you in other wars , so that 's enough to keep me happy . 
   the fact that serbia is smaller than us [ and getting smaller by each decade ] ( http://static.show.hr/images/posters/9800/image.jpg ) despite sneakingly stealin our and other nations ' regions throught the 20th century and being handed over victory by its allies despite losing on the battlefield , helps too . 
  ; * good afternoon to you too . 
   so unless you have any arguments at all about bulgaria being nazi in ww2 , other than the hilarious one that it was allied to a nazi country or because it attacked you , i reserve my right to call you uneducated on that period and under nationalist propaganda . 
  first of all , no comment of mine has been deleted here , maybe you talked to someone else with a bg flair , i do n't know , check my profile or ask a mod . 
  secondly , you argument was n't that bulgaria was allied to the nazis , or that it invaded countries - this is a historical fact i have never contested , and see no reason to contest since no one in bulgaria feels ashamed by it - you backstabbed us in 1912 and refused to honour your pre-balkan war deal of splitting macedonia along ethnic lines , so we fought to take it back in all next wars . 
  we did n't care about european politics , if we ally with that empire or this , it mattered that we unite our country . 
  so i have no reason to deny the fact we attacked parts of yugoslavia and greece together with germany . 
  what i deny is what you first claimed and now seem to run away from - the bulgaria was nazi . 
  being `` nazi '' ( national socialist ) is a very particular form of political system . 
  it 's not just a curse word you can use against those you do n't like , like serbs and russians love doing . 
  attacking countries is n't what makes you nazi . 
  allying with national socialist states is n't either . 
  it 's having a national socialist system in place - 1 . 
  one party system . 
  totalitarian government . 
  no opposition . 
  no free speech . 
  nationalisation of key sectors . 
  persecution and extermination of minorities . 
  internment camps . 
  bulgaria had neither of these . 
  the gypsies , turks and jews of bulgaria were n't exterminated , put in ghettos or sent to concentration camps . 
  the jews of the greek and yugoslav areas were sent to germany - ** by the germans ** , because those areas were under their control . 
  bulgaria only had right to administer the areas , but they were n't under the control of sofia , and bulgaria 's refusal to send its jews to germany could n't work in those areas without bulgaria declaring war against germany to save these people . 
  so unless you have any arguments at all about bulgaria being nazi in ww2 , other than the hilarious one that it was allied to a nazi country or because it attacked you , i reserve my right to call you uneducated on that period and under nationalist propaganda . 
  the albanians there are a totally different thing . 
  they see through te bullshit of the `` slavic ancient macedon nation '' narrative because it was never forced upon them . 
  i ' v talked to some and they laugh at this fiction as much as greeks and bulgarians do . 
  i ' v no idea about gruevski really , apart that when he goes there will be a vacuum in the nationalistic branch of their governemnt left that i have no idea who can fill . 
  wll be interresting though . 
  the government at the moment represents the attitudes of most . 
  slavic macedonians absolutely do believe the whole fictional story of their `` ancient '' nation from alexander , through medieval tsars ( they take bulgarian , serbian and byzantine ones for this ) , to modern age . 
  no matter what government comes , the fictional narrative they have will persist . 
  i am not saying why it ca n't work if they try to make it work , i 'm saying why they would never want to try and make it work as a nation without strictly defined ( in their case - fabricated ) historical identity and national past from before the 20th century . 
  thousands ?!, 
  jeezus that 's like 10 % of your population !, 
  expect blue little men to appear in their ethnic regions soon !, 
  true , you do n't if you are ready to create a completely different type of state , on the basis of the colonial ones like the us and australia , where immigration and being with recent foreign roots is the basis . 
  problem is , this neither works in europe , nor does anyone want it . 
  least of all in the balkans , where historical roots are the basis of each national identity . 
  without those , a state ca n't function . 
  ( look at kosovo or yugoslavia ), 
  historically op as a country , but entirely disfunctional as a state . 
  imagine if they had instead become and absolutist empire . 
  the dread , the dread !, 
  that 's why people hate you . 
  also , the war . 
  it 's like a tradition now , a rule , that turks start these nationalistic arguments very passionately , with much to say and whine about , then immediately go through 2 stages very quickly - first the one where they suddenly do n't whine about their own misfortune but make fun of others ' , like `` will you cry me a river ? '' . 
  and finally the stage where they run from the debate with their tail between their legs when faced with the arguments about their historical fictional narrative . 
  look at the whole thread , it has happened exactly the same a few times just in this post . 
  it 's a serb thing . 
  they use it and have left it in fyrom as well from yugo times . 
  none of them know what `` tatar '' means . 
  because both those ethnicities are historical . 
  they did exist prior to belgium and they are n't artifically constructed hystorigraphica entities by another state . 
  in fyrom , the albanians are such as well , but the slavs there , who call themsleves `` macedonians '' , are merely bulgarians ( mainly ) and serbs who got this identity , constructed by the yugoslavs , imposed . 
  without a state called macedonia they ca n't exist as such an identity . 
  that was a really weak way for you to dillute the topic and what i wrote . 
  the comparison you made makes zero sense . 
  turks do n't ihabing the lands of mognolia and china anymore . 
  native americans are n't the majority in the us . 
  kurds , however , absolutely still are the majority in their lands in eastern anatolia . 
  so this is completely different - they still are there , they still have their identity and language , they still are just an occupied nation by you . 
  so whereas you ca n't do anything about your lands in mongolia or the natives in the us ( besides their few little reserves ) , the kurds certainly can still get their lands freedom and have a state . 
  which all looks like they will this century . 
  with soon independent iraqi and syrian kurdistans and the kurds within turkey rising as percentage of the population because the turks are an ageing demographic - most likely you and me will live to see a united kurdistan . 
  as should be - if you turks should have a state on 99 % of your ethnic lands , then why should n't the kurds have their own on 99 % of their lands ?
