  the country became dominated in many such sectors - electricity , textiles , chemicals , pharmaceuticles etc. 
  instead of building up its own industries and companies , the country was offered to give that up in exchange for ready available capital in the form of eu grants . 
  the deal was actually good , it would 've taken long to establish proper local production and retail , whereas the eu funds capital would come immediately . 
  but in the long term it is a deal that can only work if the eu funds are large and continuous enough to fill the whole left by the large western corporations sucking out capital and creating unemployment . 
  ( far fewer people work in a huge megastore like lidl that serves 5000 customers than the 50-60 small shops it took out of business ) if the funds cease before the country rebuilt its infrastructure and encouraged locally based companies to grow , it would be a complete lose-lose situation for the newcomers . 
  so the idea eu funds are a charity or help from the west , rather than part of a deal is economically ridiculous and a rather embarrassing i 'd say sign of a lack of education on the matter from people who boast the supposedly best education systems in the world . 
  on the contrary , they are the epitome of corruption in bulgaria through their respective energy and media oligarchs , and have just in the past few weeks sabotaged the creation of exactly such judicial reform . 
  the guy does n't know what he 's talking about and just jumping on the pan-european liberals ' bandwagon . 
  poland was given its share of the deal to open its market to uncontrolled exploitation and monopolisation by western corporations . 
  that was the entire eastern expansion of the eu - the post-socialist states will allow western corporations to establish monpolies that will exploit the local market and completely suffocate any local production , whilst in exchange those state will be compensated with capital that they can use mainly on building up their infrastructure . 
  it was a good deal both ways , but a deal nontheless - with both sides getting something , rather than the one-sided `` charity '' uneducated or simply arrogant westerners like to portray it as . 
  just in bulgaria western corporations like billa take out of the country roughly half the ammount of money the country gets as eu funds each year , whilst simultaniously leaving jobless tens of thousands when the local small retailers or producers go bankrupt . 
  this is usually prevented when a country is n't part of the common eu market , so the deal was we allow it to happen ( large corporations fucking us without any gov. 
  protectionism ) and in return we get eu funds . 
  same with poland , so `` german '' money did n't go there for free - at least as much was returned to germany thorugh their corporations and banks establishing monopolies in poland . 
  ( and the rest of europe ) . 
  take a look at german trade balance for that . 
  poland was given its share of the deal to open its market to uncontrolled exploitation and monopolisation by western corporations . 
  that was the entire eastern expansion of the eu - the post-socialist states will allow western corporations to establish monpolies that will exploit the local market and completely suffocate any local production , whilst in exchange those state will be compensated with capital that they can use mainly on building up their infrastructure . 
  it was a good deal both ways , but a deal nontheless - with both sides getting something , rather than the one-sided `` charity '' uneducated or simply arrogant westerners like to portray it as . 
  just in bulgaria western corporations like billa take out of the country roughly half the ammount of money the country gets as eu funds each year , whilst simultaniously leaving jobless tens of thousands when the local small retailers or producers go bankrupt . 
  this is usually prevented when a country is n't part of the common eu market , so the deal was we allow it to happen ( large corporations fucking us without any gov. 
  protectionism ) and in return we get eu funds . 
  same with poland , so `` german '' money did n't go there for free - at least as much was returned to germany thorugh their corporations and banks establishing monopolies in poland . 
  ( and the rest of europe ) . 
  take a look at german trade balance for that . 
  vastly different , almost laughable to compare them . 
  the closest poland * might * get is hungary and did hungary turn into a crumbling totalitarian nazi state like people predicted and are predicting about poland now ? 
  ( not defending pis by the way , just hating on over-dramatizing and ridiculous comparissons ), 
  the economy began shrinking before the collapse of the oil prices , as a direct result of the sanctions , which caused a capital flight of over 150 $ billion and a collapse of the rubble . 
  nothing in common . 
  pis is n't the epitome of corruption in poland or the party directly responsible for not having any legislative reforms . 
  on the contrary , they themselves put such reforms forward both whilst in power and as opposition . 
  they are n't made of the previous communist nomenclature like gerb and dps , they themselves fought against that nomenclature . 
  they do n't control the reins of the entire polish economy like the oligarchs behind gerb and dps . 
  they do n't tie the country down to russian energy or invite the kremlin to interfere directly in the state 's economical and political life - they take poland away from that . 
  the fundamental differences are numerous , just because you dislike gerb and dps in bulgaria ( as you should ) , does n't mean you can equate them to whichever foreign parties you dislike as well . 
  this is in no way a defence of pis , it 's just that their desaese is much different from the one we have here with gerb , dps , ataka and bsp . 
  they are only `` much alike '' in the sense you u/tk3c dislike both . 
  not much else . 
  nope , not at all . 
  all i believe in this thread is you are a typical serb in a russia-related thread . 
  not all observations must be closely intertwined with a political agenda or express a geo-political position . 
  classic serb in a russia-related thread . 
  they are muslims , whereas i want the eu to one day be used as a tool for stopping , at first , and then reversing the islamisation of certain countries ' demographics . 
  impossible if one of the largest members is majority muslim itself . 
  when you 've nothing left to defend your statement ... why not throw a meme there as well . 
  i wonder on who 's toes he stepped . 
  serbia too . 
  there 's not been much democracy anywhere in europe since it first started to appear and take hold after the middle . 
  most countries have less than 100 years of universal suffarage , with switzerland giving women the vote in the 1970s . 
  so how 's poland 's history less democratic than the average european country ? 
  especially considering they had a form of democracy for centuries whilst most of europe was absolutist monarchies . 
  your historical knowledge is limited whilst your anti-polish bias obvious . 
  and did hungary turn into a crumbling totalitarian nazi state like people predicted and are predicting about poland now ? 
  in addition to greece and bulgaria *, 
  replace with khorne *, 
  there are no surviving romanian texts at all before the 16th century . 
  the very first romanian document is in cyrillic , hence the assumption it was used before that as well , since most of the land was part of the first bulgarian empire for a few centuries when its golden age spread the cyrillic across eastern europe and into russia , and then briefly part of the second bulgarian empire , which also used it . 
  wallachia directly came up as a state from that second bulgarian state , where it was a principality under the tzar , and the first documents we have in romanian come from wallachia briefly afterwards - in cyrillic . 
  no reason to presume the used cyrillic if there 's no evidence of that and if they were previously part of a cyrillic-using country . 
  ( bulgaria ), 
  `` roma '' people are neither romanians nor from rome , italy . 
  they are a separate ethnic group of semi-nomadic people from india , who settled across the balkans and eastern europe in the past 6 centuries and got the collective term `` gypsies '' . 
  not to be confused with the irish/uk gypsies or `` travellers '' , who have nothing to do with the eastern european gypsies , or `` roma '' ethnicity . 
  [ romanians ] ( http://i2.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article4641522.ece/alternates/s615/romanian-elections-in-portsmouth.jpg ) [ irish gypsies ] ( http://www.itmtrav.ie/uploads/f207c732492fda71a2ea047379805d16.jpg ) [ eastern europe ( indian ) gypsies `` roma ethnicity '' ] ( http://plevenzapleven.bg/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/5.10.romi_.jpg ), 
  bulgarians were second class citizens , as all christians in the ottoman empire , but by the late 19th century the empire was so weak that it gave numerous rights to its citizens in order to survive as a polity . 
  this reached an extend whereby the `` second class citizens '' of the ottoman empire ended up with more rights than the regular citizens of the russian empire . 
  for example , most bulgarian towns were governed by local elders or elected mayors , and some towns even were given preserved status whereby no turk was allowed to pass through town on horseback ( they had to go down and walk ) , and no turkish woman allowed to give birth in the town . 
  bulgarian merchants were the only ones together with the greek and jewish allowed to trade all over the empire so many became very prospereus and brought wealth to bulgarian towns . 
  overal , it was the bulgarian * nation * that was enslaved , because no national rights - as in sovereign country , rule and army , were present . 
  but the bulgarian * citizen * was n't worse off than the russian citizen . 
  therefore , if bulgaria were to become part of russia what would change ? 
  nationally - nothing . 
  still no sovereign country , still a nation under * `` enslavement '' * as part of someone else 's empire . 
  but individually - either no change would occurr , or most likely for the worse - as the organs of repression were much stronger in the russian empire . 
  and above all - the biggest threat , that of assimilation and replacement of culture , was not an issue in the ottoman empire , whereas the russians put great efforts at the policy of `` russification '' in ukraine , belarus and poland . 
  it would be even easier for them in bulgaria . 
  i see therfore no reason , unless you give me some , for bulgaria to have been better off as a russian 19th century province than an ottoman one . 
  better part of a dying , weak empire you can get more rights from and easier to leave , then a strong , repressive one . 
  as for the last remark , russia took the opportunity of the crumbling ottoman empire and bulgarian uprisings to use the fact bulgaria was still `` up for grabs '' unlike already free serbia , romania and greece . 
  they wanted a `` zaddunajska gubernja '' - `` outerdanubian province '' , and to get closer to the bosphorous . 
  `` liberating '' bulgaria before it liberated itself as the ottomans were crumbling gave them a chance to turn in into either such a province , or a satellite state . 
  when they could n't do the first , they intentionally split the bulgarian lands into numerous small pieces , some given to romania , some left in the ottoman empire . 
  bulgaria fought all its wars of the modern era to get these pieces together and unify with what russia gave away . 
  had they not come at all the entire bulgarian nation , collectively could ' v used the collapse of the ottomans to establish its state once and for all united , instead of waging war after war to pick up the pieces after the attempt of the russians to gain an outer-danubian foothold . 
  whereas our dictatorship , from start with georgi dimitrov till end with todor zhivkov was vehemently pro-russian , in fact many were trained moscow agents from before the war , and our regime remained the most loyal to the kremlin . 
  hence why today we still are , as our political class is the same as back then . 
  they did it for other reasons - their german monarchs and pro-western elite wanted very much to make romania seem as western as possible . 
  not only did they abandon their 1000 year old history of using cyrillic , they actually began a process of swapping salvic worlds with direct italian or french borrowings . 
  i read at uni that today about 40 % of romanian is comprised of recent french and italian borrowings , which before the 19th century were n't used at all as words , but instead had slavic counterparts . 
  they effectively `` latinised '' their language from something like 50 % to more than 85-90 % today . 
  choosing to be occupied by this or that force is for slaves . 
  bulgarians did n't suffer 500 years without their state and rebel , being slaughtered by the thousands , just to end up calling some other nation master , albeit an `` orthodox , slavic '' one . 
  besides , russia as a state has treated even its own citizens far worse than some other nations have their occupied nations . 
  the peasants in the russian serfdom in the 19th century actually lived with far less rights in their own state than the bulgarians did in the ottoman empire . 
  so too , the people in the ussr lived with less rights in their own country . 
  why would it be better for the bulgarians to be occupied by a state that happens to be orthodox and slav , if that state is russia , where even orthodox slavic people end up more repressed than other countries ' minorities ? 
  same ammount of murder in both countries really . 
  it 's perception more than anything : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:homicides,_average_per_year,_2007%e2%80%9309_and_2010%e2%80%9312_ ( per_100_000_inhabitants ) _ yb14.png,
