  link your thoughts to the topic at hand please if you wish to discuss it , rather than being far too theoretical and vague for an answer . 
  old , historic , beautiful european buildings and such city centers represent the bourgeoisie , aristocracy , tradition and decadent art . 
  ugly , cheap , grey brutalistic blocks represent the proletarian dictatorship , equality and socialism . 
  ergo , in the sick mind of a marxist , it makes perfect sense to destroy the former and preserve the latter . 
  i advise spending some time on r/communism101 for a better understanding of this sickness . 
  only libertarianism can save our pathetic eastern euro countries from the toxic grip of the corrupt state apparatuses that ruin and rob us . 
  one can worry about georgia , moldova and ukraine without being from there you know . 
  it 's called solidarity with smaller states under imperial aggression . 
  georgia and ukraine . 
  we now also have these fancy [ polish trams ] ( http://85.14.28.164/d/images/slideshows/0000057813-middle.jpg ) i take daily to work . 
  in ~ 10 years time : `` lgbtqpzngcxxz2 !, 
  ? n3 ~ lmk people win court battle against lgbtqpzngcxxz2 !, 
  ? n3 ~ lmk-phobic statements '', 
  `` cause you 'd be in jail ... '' mic-drop, 
  `` kill em all , god will know his own . '', 
  how come ? 
  i heard it even turns the frikkin frogs gay !, 
  because european nations are based on the demographic and identity of an indigenous population as majority in each state . 
  same as most places on earth , actually . 
  you think it 's easy to integrate in japan or morocco ? 
  europe should stop looking towards america and canada and desperately try to be like these completely different colonial creations . 
  instead , accept its nationality based on ethnic and indigenous identity , thus start managing its migration in rational manner that aims exclusively at societies similar to the indigenous population . 
  for example , quotas that allow many migrants from south america , fewer from east asia , and almost none from the mid east and africa , as this is how those societies rank in closeness to the indigenous population of europe . 
   when you stick out like a sore thumb in what way exactly ? 
  good job . 
  only by controlling the north african coastline can we actually hold out the massive migrant wave we 'll see this century from a quadrupling in population africa . 
  if it comes to that , i would even advocate for a future eu army to occupy and hold stateless/anarchy areas like the ones in lybia that have become migrant transport hubs . 
  you think such a major societal condition was brought about by a single guy in the past few years ? 
  but their children and grand-children mostly do . 
  i ' v met in the uk the children of both parents polish immigrants barely a couple decades ago - they had given their kids local , english names and they were pretty much native english people at that point . 
  their children will surely be 100 % english just knowing they have some polish ancestry . 
  meanwhile , muslim and african/mid eastern migrants remain completely unassimilated even after multiple generations . 
  sorry , what ?!, 
  it 's the state 's responsibility to take care of migrants , give them lessons and integrate ? 
  wtf ? 
  no one gave me that when i lived in the uk and yet i learned to speak the language close to the level of natives in less than 4 years , found a job , made local friends - what the fuck does it mean you are `` thrown in cold water '' if the state does n't take care of you ? 
  you decided to go there - it 's your own responsibility . 
  if you ca n't manage , do n't go , or get out . 
   i think this is really telling of the true nature of the eu . 
  the commission , the parliament , the council of europe , the european council - of which eu institution is it telling ? 
  they are many and quite different . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  greece is also quite nationalistic and anti-migration , yet has few migrants of its own because it was n't destroyed by communism . 
  portugal is very accepting of migrants , yet has large percentage of such itself due to its dictatorship first and economic crisis next . 
  eastern europe as a whole has lots of migrants because of the communist collapse , whereas it is strongly anti-migration because cultural relativism and national self-hate is n't yet instituted there the way leftists did in the west . 
  people just , kinda , like their nations and cultures and see no reason to replace them with africans and mid-easterners . 
  crazy , i know . 
  about half of the loss in ee is due to migration , the other due to extremely low birth rates , some of the lowest in the whole world . 
  poland has 3rd lowest in europe for example . 
  so kind of the opposite of the muslim world and muslim migrants who have quite high birth rates , thus their migration can go on indefinitely , whereas ee migration ca n't . 
  ee migration certainly is `` something different '' as they assimilate within one generation , do not blow people up and are not creating permanent cultural enclaves . 
  what ? 
  kosovo has 1.8 million inhabitants , albania has 2.9 , how is almost twice as many `` nearly '' ? 
  white is not a language mate , it 's a skin colour . 
  before ussr invasion : bulgaria and greece pretty equal in population and development . 
  same for czechia and austria , or estonia and finland . 
  after ussr invasion : bulgaria 4 times poorer than greece and 30 % less population . 
  czechia 2 to 3 time poorer than austria . 
  estonia twice as poor as finland . 
  you ask how this devastating force was n't better ? 
  dude , 2 million bulgarians left in the last 25 years ... out of 9 million people !!, 
  poland 's not that bad really . 
  no need for the / s , this * is * the actual reason as the south has been poorer than the north for a millenium now , especially after industrialisation . 
  no , he obviously meant the millions trying to enter europe from africa and asia , as this is what the topic is about . 
  you have an answer other than to divert the topic ? 
  is this supposed to make the sub look bad ? 
  what 's wrong with disliking islam and therefore those who chose to follow it ? 
  would `` fuck nazis '' make you uncomfortable ? 
  is n't genocide merely the purposeful attempt at destroying a specific demographic group - ethnic , religious or otherwise ? 
  this has certainly been tried before the 19th century . 
  we might compare our tax declarations to see who paid more , you or me ? 
  i ' v got my own consultancy company and am fairly sure have contributed far more to the state than you . 
  i love the n/a on kosovo . 
  always , no matter what the map , there 's always the inexplicable n/a for even the most basic of shit out there . 
  it triggers me there 's almost never a map , no matter how basic stuff , that is full and without shitty n/a or no data patches here and there . 
  good job . 
  but i was told europe desperately needs millions of migrants to work for us when we 're old ? 
  hippies and facebook moms are to blame . 
  for all the bullshit europe gives ` murica and all the `` dumb americans '' memes , they are far better with freedom of speech and expression . 
  which attitudes ? 
  yes i address communism in the exact same way i do nationalism -- by giving it credit , be it positive or negative , only for the things done specifically according to its ideology , not merely in its name . 
  so , for example , i do not consider it a crime of communism the deportation of numerous ethnic groups like the tatars by stalin . 
  it 's a crime of imperialism , merely practiced by a state claiming to be communist , and under the guise of that ideology . 
  i do n't consider the invasion of finland by the ussr a crime of communism , but a crime of completely usual , regular expansionism . 
  and so on . 
  a crime of communism was specifically the confiscation of private land of the peasants and land owners , since this is what is directly part of the ideology . 
  it 's wrong to just lump in all things done in the name of an ideology to that ideology , be it communism or nationalism , or anything else . 
  for example -- the war in iraq was fought by a democratic country with one of the main pretexts of liberating these people from dictatorship and spreading democracy . 
  ( apart from the wmds ) so , should future generations discuss democracy and use the war in iraq as an argument of how violent and aggressive this ideology is ? 
  no , because it was n't democracy the reason iraq was invaded , merely the pretext . 
  corporate greed and basic geo-political imperialism were the reasons , democracy merely the guise . 
  that 's the intelligent attitude when discussing each ideology 's contribution to history -- first weed out exactly what was done by that ideology 's influence and what merely under its guise . 
  then feel free to attack or praise the specific actions influenced by that ideology , not everything people who claim it as theirs did . 
  whilst to many others nationalism is a positive force for the self-determination of their people and the culmination of a social evolution that started with tribalism and ended with a well-organised , culturaly and demographically close group that stabalizes life on a certain geographic area and prevents the pre-national conflicts that were common even between the smallest two regions , towns or even villages . 
  to many such people nationalism is to be cherished no matter who throughout history decided to highjack its otherwise noble intentions and cause lots of damage under its guise , same as the damage done under the guise of basically every single other ideology . 
  to those people - being obsessed with how `` dangerous '' nationalism is , is a misguided concentration on the wrong source of the damage . 
   it kinda is , research 19th century racial theories , it is where the term came from since it was wrongly believed that the indo european langauge group spawned in the caucasian mountains . 
  the term came from there , the current scientific definitions of caucasoid and indo-european have n't . 
  they are a racial and a linguistic definitions , two separate categories . 
  i suggest not listening to 19th century pseudoscience , which considered the irish , serbs and basques for examples as non-white and inferior .
