  out of the 3 slovakia has the biggest unemployment , thus is the best choice for more such jobs . 
  is n't that like the highest possible estimate ? 
  cause our highest is at 850,000 , but i doubt in the upper end estimations . 
  indeed , absolutely horrible to wish for half of europe not be destroyed by an invader . 
  how could we !, 
  e.european circlejerk !, 
  same with us . 
  unemployment at 9.7 , but less than half of work-age gypsies work . 
  and in our country they are a far bigger percentage - at least 350,000-500 ,000 out of 7 million people . 
  bern is at 550 mm at the highest . 
  sofia 's lowest are lower - at around 500-550 , but the neighbourhoods near the mountain are at above 700 . 
  and they have a seizable chunk of the population and city , including the ring road 's industrial centre and the business parks . 
  here 's a link to elevation google maps , you can see the city centres of sofia and bern are roughly the same elveation , but sofia extends to much higher neighbourhoods down south than any part of bern . 
  _ http://www.mapdevelopers.com/elevation_calculator.php, 
  so it 's either let the third world pour millions into europe as africa is set to quadruple in population by the end of the century ... . or `` let boats sink , ignore un charta blah blah '' ? 
  there 's no other choice in your mind ? 
  like saving people in the med , but returning them and all other illegals ? 
  like proper border control ? 
  like controlled and selective choice of immigrants ? 
  we must just accept that 600 million europe will have an open border of 1 billion africa ( in 2015 ) - 2 billion by 2050 ? . 
  we must just accept millions now , tens of millions in the future ? 
  try and `` integrate them '' ? 
  try and `` fit our societies '' to them ? 
  i truly pity people who see no other future for europe . 
  considering the unemployment is much higher than in poland , i feel slovakia was a good choice . 
  a few about sofia : - highest located capital in europe . 
  ( 500 m at the lowest point , 800 at the highest ) possibly ( not sure ) the only one not to lay on a river , but at the feet of a high mountain ( old volcano ) [ instead ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4b/sofia-vitosha-kempinski.jpg ) . 
  - one of the oldest continuously inhabited settlements in the world , with a neolithic village on the outskirts dating to the 5th-6th millennium bc and a neolihic settlement around the city centre traced to the 3rd-4th millennium bc . 
  - one of the most important roman cities ( called serdica then ) of the principate . 
  the main midway city on the roman road via militaris , connecting rome and byzantium . 
  the 1st legion of serdica served at the roman conquest of britain and particularly in london . 
  - one of the first roman cities where christianity was recognized as an official religion ( under galerius ) , and the location of the council of sardica in 343 ad . 
  - constantine the great 's favourite city , where he first planned to build his constantiople . 
  he called it ` sardica mea roma est ' ( serdica is my rome ) , built his palace there and lived for many years . 
  - in 1925 it was the target of the [ largest terrorist bombing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_nedelya_church_assault ) in europe until the 21st century . 
  at the st.nedelya cathedral communist terrorists organized by the kremlin blew the roof of the cathedral during the funeral of a famous general , hoping to whipe out the political elite and the tzar . 
  instead , they killed 125 men , women and children in the packed church , whilst the politicans ended up surviving as they moved to the back prior to that to free space for the regular people , whilst the tzar was late and not there at all . 
  - they recently discovered the ruins of a large [ roman arena ] ( http://dariknews.bg/uploads/news_images/201203/photo_verybig_874904.jpg ) in the city centre and plan to excavate and restore it . 
  it is only the 3rd european capital with an ancient arena after athens and rome . 
  kek, 
  solid argument . 
  no banter . 
  as usual your crowd is definitely * not * just pointless trolls . 
  on the contrary , whilst gazprom was at its highest it charged the poorest countries in europe , like mine , the highest prices due to its monopoly and because it simply could . 
  the more money they loose the more vital each market becomes and thus they 'd be willing to renegotiate normal , non-exploitative prices just to keep that market . 
  most e. european markets have now gone into complete or partial diversification , with alternative pipes in many directions connecting them to the other supply lines , like for example the pipes to greece and romania here . 
  it thus becomes possible to force the russian fucks to stop exploiting their monopoly and charge accordingly , or fuck off and loose even more . 
  which they ca n't afford anymore , according to news like this . 
  that 's why they are `` music to my years '' . 
  thus equating the murder of child rapists with that of innocent citizens , ergo the two groups themselves . 
  on their way , to be delivered by 150,000 gypsies . 
  keep both . 
  so chilling . 
  i wo n't sleep tonight . 
  you are talking about less than dozens annualy . 
  it is n't some major work force you are getting for those millions , it 's a dozen child rapists . 
  from a practical point of view , what you take here , this is n't a good investment . 
  in fact it 's horrible - 12 or 13 workers for a whole bunch of millions eur at the least that will cost years of their rehabilitation , councillors etc. 
  truly horrendeus waste of money that can save a huge ammount of lives if invested in clean water/food for kids in the third world , or just life-saving operations and cancer treatment for people at home . 
  you will waste that money on the doze rapists to prove a point about moral superiority . 
  and that 's borderline cruel . 
  polandball will have a field day with this . 
  `` baguette hit by baguette crisis '', 
  you equate people who rape children with people who have homosexual relations or who practice judaism ? 
  an `` eye for an eye '' is if we were raping the rapists . 
  i 'm not advocating that , i 'm advocating we put them to good use by working for the rest of their lives to atone for horrible acts they ' v done . 
  rather than wasting millions on their rehabilitation whislt there 's so many innocent people in need of help and one day letting them go on with their lives . 
  their victims will never get rid of the trauma caused , so why should the rapists ever stop paying the consequences ? 
  we are protecting society from them by putting them away , whilst at the same time saving it millions in rehabiliation costs it could use to better the lives of people who actually deserve it . 
  your answer is an unjust society that directs a no-small chunk of its resources to help people who ' v raped and molested , rather than to use those to help people who never harmed anyone . 
  if we ' v created the perfect society where no innocent people need any help then sure , maybe we can use some of that extra money to help rapists , but before that happens - as long as innocent people are out there who can also be helped , it is a travesty to instead throw the money for long and costly rehabilition of vile monsters . 
  almsot anything can be better done with those money , from helping kids in africa to cleaning the environment . 
  ideally the work of cleaning done by those same rapists we talk about . 
  we are both of these things when you open any newspaper on our political class , when you go to any club/tavern and listen to the ordinary people 's line of thinking heavily influenced by both ottoman and communist heritage , or when you read their comments on bg news pages and facebook . 
  the vast majority of people here are kremlin-washed morons or typical oriental , inferiority-complex , wife-beating peasants . 
  firstly , we are talking about child rapists . 
  what humanity are you talking about ? 
  the moment you put your thing into a screaming child you are no longer with a shred of humanity . 
  there is nothing to be lost , you ' v lost it all at this moment . 
  secondly , even if there is rehabilitation for them society does n't deserve to pay more for the rehabiliation of child molester than it does for its law-abiding citizens . 
  society does n't deserve to have someone like my dad , who 's worked his ass off for 40 years , done charity and obeyed the law to get no healthcare coverage for his eye operation , but someone who raped children will get hundreds of thousands of euros in rehabiliation , care , consulting etc. 
  that 's your idea of justice and a fair society . 
  give the money you would for rehabiliating rapists to sick children or law-abiding citizens in need , and dump the rapist fucks to work in a mine . 
  it does n't sound as `` refined '' , `` progressive '' and `` idealic '' as people would want to make themselves feel `` socially advanced '' , but it is just and fair to the rest of us who do n't do the monstrous crimes . 
  music to my ears . 
  huge corporations positioned there and a strong pharma industry . 
  these two alone are more than enough of economic engines in a country of 4 million , and ireland has others too . 
  calling them monsters * and * putting them in a mine to work until they drop does enough to stop them from ever again hurting a child . 
  without wasting tax money for rehabilitation or prison at that . 
  finland is perfect platform for bombing all of russia 's main european cities . 
  no declaration needed other than a mushroom on the kremlin , where he indeed * did * spend his time at a modest office with a window view . 
  no generals would be willing to continue a fight for a country that mass murdered them just years prior . 
  many would rather be willing to sign peace and get rid of the regime in the ussr . 
  or take its leadership - ether achived through peace , not waging pointless war with the west . 
  a war that would , furthermore , be impossible without the centers of communication , industry and supply of european ussr . 
  those armies in europe were n't self-sufficient organism like the mongol tumens you know . 
  they 'd fall apart in a week if ussr 's 10 , or even 3 largest cities were wiped out . 
  nothing inhumane about lifelong prison for someone who conciously chose to rape a child . 
  the child will cary the effects of this his entire life , but we 'll let the rapist go after a while ? 
  he also openly supports the `` public ownership of the means of production '' .
