  so it was somewhat of a justice when you got trashed yourself in turn when the wehrmacht finished with poland - something that would n't have happened if you did n't cower all through `` the phoney war '' and actually held your word and struck undefended germany from the west , ending the war before 50 million people died . 
  do americans think turkey should join the eu ? 
   i 'd say most bulgarians hold a high regard towards britain . 
  this is what my comment was written towards . 
  most bulgarians * do not * hold a high regard towards britain due to the reasons i gave . 
  it 's your random facts that have nothing to do with my comment or the statement i addressed . 
  explaining to me the reasoning behind the refugees is pointless . 
  i am not arguing how they think or should think , i am arguing europe has no obligation to take them in , since they stop being refugees the minute they leave a war zone , and in turn join the 3 billion other poor people on earth , to whome europe has zero obligation to welcome and take care of . 
  a syrian refugee in lebanon is in no worse situation than the tens of millions of people across congo , or somalia , or pakistan etc. 
  he 's no longer in a war zone , hence no longer a refugee , but merely one of the 3 billion people living in abject poverty in the third world . 
  he does n't get a special status over the other 3 billion to come to europe just because he was in a war zone previously . 
  i was saying there ca n't be a comparisson between the situation of minorities and majorities . 
  through all of history minorities were oppressed . 
  that 's why the treatement of jews in ibera , although horrible , was n't out of the oridinary . 
  but in the balkans it 's the majority that was oppressed by the invading minority of muslims . 
  that 's the major difference and why you ca n't make the comparisson between the balkans and the christian kingdoms , saying both are the same because in both some people were oppressed . 
  in the christian kingdoms it was the minority , in the ottoman balkans it was the majority . 
  why compare the status of non-native , minority immigrants in chrisitan countries , to the status of the native majority under muslim occupation ? 
  of course migrant minorities were always having less rights historically in the countries they went or even were born in . 
  the question is that in the balkans , it was the majority that was oppressed by a conquering minority . 
  that 's not just the regular social exclusion or persecution of minorities we see even till this day , but medieval colonialism , which no one seems to talk about despite europe 's colonialism being quite often mentioned . 
  if you ' r going to admit you have zero knowledge on the specific country and topic discussed you could write it down normally , or not engage . 
  you chose to declare it by swearing . 
  pathetic . 
  why are people who ca n't even communicate on basic level allowed in this sub . 
  most bulgarians are russophilic putinists entirely in line with soviet propaganda , hence holding the west and especially western imperial powers in negative political light . 
  they only have high regard for the wealth and function of their states . 
  it is quite vague in the case of turkey . 
  what instability ? 
  why did the us need instability and chaos in one of its most key allies in the world and second power in nato ? 
  instability against whom ? 
  i get the feeling you know nothing on turkish history in question here , just regurgitate other facts from the cold war . 
  yep . 
  most islamic states were created by conquering and subduing christian , zoroastrian or hindu populations , so pretty much all had the dhimmi status imposed on majority or vast minority of their population . 
  oppressing most of the population to create islamic societies is the cornerstone of all islamic countries from morocco to iraq . 
  centuries before european colonialism mind you , yet that 's all we hear about . 
  less , since the stronger part of this comes from the betrayal to stalin at yalta , where the french were n't present as much as the british . 
  france might be seen as a cowardly ally for not striking the germans in 1939 , but not as much as a traitorous ally as the british for yalta and the treatment of the veterans who defended the island but were then sidelined . 
  another fact about the local judicial system was that , when a christian murdered a christian he was tried by his own community and given whatever sentence they decided . 
  same applied if a muslim killed a muslim . 
  but if a christian killed a muslim , he 'd be tried by the muslim community , and if found guilty the only legal sentance was death . 
  meanwhile , if a muslim killed a christian he was n't tried by the christian community , but again by muslim courts , who in this case had the right to impose other than the death penalty , and in most cases did . 
  so in effect , christians were lower-class people inside their own lands , who could be killed by the muslims with consequences lower than capital for the murderer , whilst they could n't get away with anything but death penalty for the murder of a muslim . 
  the empire very openly had the legal status of christians as lower than that of muslims in all matter judicial , apart from economic . 
  but according to turks it was a great , tolerant , multi-cultural empire that we should be happy we were part of . 
  they blame them for doing zero when poland was being invaded despite the legal guarantee they gave them . 
  read up on the [ the phoney war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) . 
  and then for leaving poland to stalin at yalta , and even excluding polish veterans from v-day celebrations in london not to anger the soviets . 
  here 's the full article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_betrayal, 
  everyone gives me sources of the us support for islamists around the world as if i have never heard of this . 
  you are n't enlightening me folks , i asked very specifically about turkey . 
  bin laden has nothing to do with the social and political situation there , for which i asked an explanation how the islamists fit . 
  funny i anticipated you would come up with this argument before you wrote it , hence my other comment here . 
  as i wrote there - this was decades before the attack on ottoman muslims in the balkans . 
  zero muslims were being massacred in bulgaria for 500 years - it was entirely , and 100 % the other way around - muslims butchering bulgarians , and not just during liberation revolts like in 1876 , but also during organized operations for the islamisation of 2 regions - the rhodope mountains and the dobrudja fertile lands . 
  well recored are entire villages being forced to convert , in order for the empire to hold some strategic places like mountain passes and grain-production areas , with all those who refused butchered . 
  after 500 years of this the bulgarians revolted , and were butchered again . 
  many decades later were the very first mass expulsions of muslims from the balkans , and most did n't happen in bulgaria either . 
  so stop using events from the 20th century every time you want to draw attention away from events of the 19th , 18th , 17th , 16th or 15th centuries - 500 years of ottoman attrocities against balkan christians , versus a few decades of such against the resulting muslim converts as reprisal in the 20th century . 
  one does n't justify the other , but it 's so painfully obvious you are desperately throwing the 20th century muslim expulsions as a smoke granade every time someone mentions any of the 500 years of ottoman attrocities . 
  either talk directly of the actual event discussed , in this case the 1876 massacres , or do n't talk . 
  the rest is intentional topic diversion . 
  decades before the muslims in the balkans suffered expulsions , which the turks today constantly bring up as an answer to ottoman attrocities . 
  even if said attrocities were happening decades , and sometimes centuries , before those against the muslims in the balkans . 
  same as those here . 
  gypsy ghettos are like pieces of somalia or nigeria in europe . 
  serbia has n't had the revolutions ukraine did . 
  it has quite smartly levitated between russia and the west , doing business with both , and having somewhat stable governments that placate both , declaring for eu integration on one side and hosting military parades for putin on the other . 
  it 's also a smaller country , where just the trade done with the neighbours and funds from the eu and us are enough to lift the average gdp far more so than in 45 million ukraine . 
  they remained in the state of 90s post-socialist collapse that most of us escaped in the 2000s . 
  they had none of the huge economic rise in the 2-4 years prior to 2008 because they did n't join the eu or normalize their political system , but instead had the mini-revolutions . 
  then the recession hit , and after it , instead of having our current somewhat recovered growth - they were hit by the revolution and russia . 
  so it 's basically 90s collapse =  unstable early 2000s =  global recession =  maidan/civil war . 
  the rest of us only had 2 of those , hence we got growth in between the 90s collapse and 2008 and now since the end of the recession . 
  i fully understand the support of islamism they did in relation to communist threat , but that is not an issue in turkey . 
  if they supported islamists in turkey it would be harming the kemalists there , not the communists , who never really were close to pulling turkey into the soviet orbit . 
  why would the us chose islamists over kemalists ? 
  are n't the last two true though ? 
  at least here in bulgaria the second paragraph is eactly what happened and all high-ranking communist party officials currently hold the money and power . 
  whereas was n't walesa shown to actually have collaborated as an agent ? 
  why would the us support islamization of turkey , if islamists are widely anti-western and anti-us ? 
  what 's the reasoning behind the theory ? 
  there are no people with money in poland ? 
  haha . 
  good one , you 'll fish many . 
  because that 's what people with money do - try to separate themselves from the rest of society for status . 
  if islamist just is any regular muslim promoting islam , how does that nulify people 's branding of it as something a minister in europe should be fired for ? 
  promoting islam is an entirely valid reason for ministers in europe to be fired . 
  care to elaborate on what apartheid there is going on in sweden ? 
  half ? 
  donbas is not even 25 % of the country . 
  you comment makes zero sense . 
  who argues they do n't want to have a decent live ? 
  why are you arguing with straw men ? 
  what i claimed is n't that they do n't want to have a good life , but that they are no longer in the cathegory of refugees once they leave the immediate zone of danger . 
  they move into the cathegory of people who are n't in immediate danger due to war and are merely very poor and dissaffected . 
  like 3 billion other people on earth . 
  europe only has an obligation towards refugees - people in immediate danger , according to international law . 
  it has no obligation towards people who are n't in a war zone , but are very poor and `` want to have an opportunity to make something of your life '' . 
  this is 3 billion people , you stupid bastard .
