  we do n't have it , we know how this works and we do n't want parallel communities that will keep their separate identity and culture for centuries to come . 
  refugees from states we know will integrate and assimilate - like other european or chrisitan/secular nations - sure . 
  but refugees from muslim states - no , thank you . 
  it 's a choice we make in whom to accept into our societies based on the probability of them integrating , and then assimilating . 
  something you should be doing too , had you not lost your collective spine and balls decades ago . 
  their language , culture and ethnicity was heavily changed by the mongol invasion of the 13th century . 
  over half the population of volga bulgaria at the time was killed , and then repopulated over 2 centuries with central asian and mongolian tribes . 
  they hardly have a connection to the old bulgars today , and almost none to the slavic bulgars on the danube . 
  indeed the largest mass murder in europe since the second world war is only done by you . 
  good thing you admit it . 
  a well constructed and contributing argument . 
  thank you . 
  putin : hello ellton , i really like you music , but i am worry you might have the gay . 
  well at least i did my masters at a top 100 uni . 
  coventry was nice too though , as much as cov can be . 
  islam is political by nature . 
  it 's a political ideology created for the unification of the arab tribes . 
  there 's as much state-building included in it as there are personal and religious messages . 
  to believe `` political islam '' is separate from the religion islam is uninformed and a sign of not being aquainted with the religion . 
  is it neo-fascist to oppose neo-fascists ? 
  or do you perhaps not consider islam an ideology painfully akin to fascism , in which case i advise you to read up on it . 
  it says `` islamic '' - or people who practice islam . 
  as i wrote elsewhere : one ca n't practice islam without being an islamist . 
  practicing merely the cultural aspects , like fasting and praying is what makes you just a `` muslim '' . 
  if you practice the actual mesages of islam you can only be what we know of as hardcore `` islamists '' . 
  one ca n't practice islam without being an islamist . 
  practicing merely the cultural aspects , like fasting and praying is what makes you just a `` muslim '' . 
  if you practice the actual mesages of islam you can only be what we know of as hardcore `` islamists '' . 
  why are you talking about muslims ? 
  the protest of the girl is against islamists - the `` nazis '' of islam . 
  they indeed do support or do the things i wrote - that 's the prequesition for being an islamist . 
  the polish on the other hand do n't have a prequisition or a prevelant percent to do or support the things you wrote . 
  and being german of all you should understand that girl , since you guys protest nazis and neo-fascists all the time and are quite proud of it . 
  there 's little difference between a fascists and an islamist , so it 's beyond me why you would n't support a protest against the second . 
  some liberal hypocrisy i guess . 
  why ? 
  it 's written `` islamist '' pigs , not `` muzu\u0142ma\u0144skie '' ( muslim ) . 
  islamist is to muslims what a nazi is to patriots/nationalists . 
  since when is it fucked up to not want islamists in your country ? 
  is it fucked up when people make protests against nazis and neo-fascists with similar slogans ? 
  when they commit the largest mass murder in europe since the second world war . 
  like you did . 
  whilst there , does her brother demand no-alcohol zones , does he spit on women with uncovered heads , does he build temples to a proto-fascist ideology , does he make conferences on methods of wife beating , does he demand special food at schools , does he protest free speech and media criticism , does he beahead british soldiers or shoot up satirical magazines ... 
  how come are highly catholic countries , like italy , ireland or poland not miserable or lacking in people of power in business , industry , politics etc ? 
  how has catholicism stopped ireland from having the fastest growing economy in europe and a higher gdp per capita than england ? 
  or italy and spain from developping through the centuries a culture of happiness , indulgence , great cousine , music and dance far more cheerful than the gloomy protestants of the north ? 
  austria is n't less happy or successfull than scotland , bavaria is n't less than northern germany . 
  it just does n't fit your narrative . 
  about how many world leaders is this `` a true story '' ? 
  i ' v heard this many times about the jews . 
  americans hate their ex-wives the way eastern europeans hate their neighbour . 
  how come ? 
  i completely realize the overlapping of functions the two would have , but why would it be impossible for a eu army to be created as part of nato ? 
  one that would represent the separate states alltogether inside the alliance ? 
  nato would then just be us-turkey-canada-norway-eu army , offering a much greater leverage of the eu countries inside the alliance against the us , then separately . 
  and so is the caucasus . 
  see any difference between a chechen and a slovenian ? 
  username checks out . 
  if they actually had managed to unite the country 's lost territories on those seas i would n't mind whatever ugly eesti flag they chose . 
  alas , history ( and the great powers ) is a bitch . 
  you are correct - europe is unfortunately merely integrating its immigrants , giving them language and education enough to function and work in this society . 
  it does n't assimilate them though , which is what it should be doing if we do n't want to end up with exclaves , ever growing social division and cultural clashes . 
  to hell with your right to carry on your ancestors ' culture - if you go to a different country your kids got ta assimilate completely - you want them to keep being turks , bulgarians , poles or whatever else - then stay in turkey , bulgarian , poland etc. 
  you go to germany , france or anywhere else - bloody assimilate . 
  just integration is n't enough and is n't sustainable in the long term . 
  graduated in the uk with couple of croats in my course . 
  one went back to zagreb , makes 700 eur . 
  i make 2400 in sofia . 
  `` shithole '' can be used only by someone completely ignorant of bulgaria with his head up his ass . 
  the bureaucracy structures treat everyone like shit , including the bulgarians . 
  a foreigner getting bad treatemtn there is n't therefore showing of the country 's and society 's attitude . 
  you said it yourself - the people are n't bad towards you . 
  this kills my trust in people . 
  because his statement above is the one i replied to and began this whole conversation . 
  besides , i ' v heard this attitude from germans a lot of other times . 
  it seems to be a prevailing myth that e. europe is getting `` free money '' , rather than a tiny ammount of what its presence in the union gives the industrial core . 
  but if the germans , who benefit from this arrangement the most , then condescendingly say to the others `` your only agenda is getting money '' , it does n't feel like solidarty or an even system , but like the most benefiting side being made up of arrogant cunts who want to have both `` the cake and the dough '' . 
  germans must realize they are n't giving free handouts to eastern europe , but in fact a small ammount of what they win from its membership back . 
  the brain-drain from e.europe towards germany , the monopoly of german companies and especially retail chains , and the access of their business to cheaper costs and smaller taxes is giving germany far more money , then they then send back to e.europe . 
  yet cunts like u/brazul then act as if it 's free handouts and e.europe should shut up and be greatful for it , rather than have its own agenda and voice in europe . 
  whereas germany 's agenda in getting thousands of workers from eastern europe and now refugees to tackle its demographic crisis and low unemployment , or the push to save its banks ' money in greece , or the structure of the euro that sucks in the periphery towards the industrial core and creates an ennormous trade balance for it ... all of these german agendas are n't about it getting money , right ... ? 
  fracking is n't more harmful to the environment than coal , yet can free europe from its fuel dependance on russia and the mid east . 
  why ban it ? 
  but you still have a turkish flair on ? 
  full integration means assimilation - you feel part of the nation and no other . 
  you still feel part of your turkish heritage to put that flair up , meaning you are n't completely culturally and nationally assimilated . 
  unlike 2nd and 3rd generation poles or french in the uk , who all but remember a faint connection of their ancestry to those nation , but no more . 
  i ' v met 5th generation turks in germany who still felt proud turkish . 
  600 dollarsh ish what your mom paid me to shleep with her , trebek !, 
  thanks for explaining those . 
  correct . 
  my history ba thesis was on the reasons why operation barbarossa failed . 
  i researched in depth the third reich and the ussr . 
  germany demands solidarity from the rest of europe when it comes to the migrant wave , by them taking in a quota of such . 
  then it shows no solidarity to eastern european countries at odds with russia , by supporting an end to sanctions , vetoing the move of us nato bases in germany to poland , and now signing a deal with moscow for nord stream that will cost slovakia and ukraine billions . 
  solidarity with us , no solidarity with you - the merkel spirit !, 
  i spoke nowhere of christians or people with deeply rooted christian ethics - my direct words were `` a frenchman or a czech moving to germany '' . 
  how does that imply a christian , for you to start speaking of such , when in both countries those are a minority , and czechia is almost entirely atheist ? 
  it 's a nice straw man though , i give you that . 
  would be kinda hard for you otherwise to state you do n't think a muslim would be less likely to integrate than a secular czech or french person .
