  precisely , your own interpretation proves what i am writing . 
  no mass replacement of population happened in this part of europe at any point in history . 
  at no point was any region thoroughly depopulated and then replaced with other groups , either slavs from modern-day ukraine/russia , or turks from central asia . 
  that 's why you will find very close genetic connection between all the nations , the closer between neighbours . 
  greeks and turks are close , despite greece never having been populated by central-asian tribes , has it ? 
  bulgarians and romanians are close , despite one speaking slavic and calling itself with the name of a turkic tribe , and the other speaking latin . 
  bulgarians , serbs and bosnians are close , despite your claims bulgarians are a turkic people - are there any at all theories of the `` turkic origin of the serbs '' i have never heard ? 
  no , there are n't , so why are they so close to the bulgarians genetically ? 
  because all people share an ancestry that is largely unchanged in the past few thousand years . 
  lots of mixing and some intermarrying between the peoples , but no mass replacement of any region 's population . 
  what was changing all the time and being replaces were people 's identities , languages , cultures and loyalties due to the changing ruling classes and states they lived in . 
  various conquering peoples would come and impose theirs - romans , turkic bulgars , slavs , avars , ottomans etc. 
  but none of these thoroughly depopulated and replaced any region . 
  merely imposed their own name , culture and identity . 
  otherwise i 'd like to hear from you the exact thesis you propose - when was bulgaria thoroughly depopulated of its latinised and hellenised thracian population . 
  by whom , where is the evidence of that . 
  how was it then thoroughly populated by a turkic people from central asia - how did the bulgars have those numbers , and what happened to the seven slavic tribes they allied with - why are they not in your calculation despite being reported by historical sources as much more numerous than the bulgars they allied with . 
  i sincerely doubt you have any theory to propose or even less so evidence for it - you just came because you wanted to give an answer to the india comment which annoys your leftist political views i have encountered before on this sub . 
  you thought the bulgarians being turkic would be a nice `` tu quoque '' so you used it , but have now sunk in a topic you know exactly nothing about and so are n't really going to be able to lay out the thesis of the `` turkic population of bulgaria '' . 
  go on , prove me wrong . 
  australian-style immigration system with quotas , which put closer to european societies above the others . 
  so a lot of quotas for immigrants from south america for example , fewere for east asians , then the rest , and muslim and particurarly mid-eastern at the bottom with close to zero , except for experts , scientists and the like . 
  then take those leeching off of welfare already in europe . 
  the only way to stop the large muslim communities acorss europe from continuing their increase as percentage of our society , which will inevitably increase the social clashes , terrorism and conflict on the continent . 
  to begin with , europeans admitting it is n't racist to accept that some societies and cultures are different and not ideally suited for europe . 
  if by thracians you mean the people who spoke that language and were part of that culture , you are correct . 
  by that point they were [ thoroughly latinized and hellenized on the two sides of the haemimons ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a8/bgiusca_jirecek_line.jpg/600px-bgiusca_jirecek_line.jpg ) , so no one recognizes them as `` thracian '' any more , but merely latin and hellenic speaking citizens of the empire . 
  but nontheless their origin is thoroughly thracian as those were nevere systematically exterminated or expulsed from the balkans , merely latinised and hellenised . 
  then - slavicized under the bulgarian empire . 
  the roots of all bulgarians are genetically with the those latinised and hellenised thracians that lived here when bulgaria was established , not with the slavs or even less so - turks . 
  which is obvious by every single genetic study one can find , showing all balkan people - bulgarians , romanians , serbs , croats etc. 
  sharing very large genetic closeness of origin , and quite little with the slavic world or turkic one . 
  either bulgarians are indigenous balkan people with a slavic language and turkic name , or all of the balkan nations came together from the same place somwhere in asia and that 's why they are so genetically close . 
  obviously , there is no evidence for the latter or even existing theory . 
  lol what ? 
  are you for real ? 
  and i do n't know about bulgarian history ? 
  :d the bulgars who arrived here in 681 numbered between 20,000 to 25,000 according to modern estimates . 
  a highly organized , state-building ruling class . 
  they allied with the seven slavic tribes north of the danube , who numbered at between 100k and 150k . 
  this bulgar-slavic alliance crossed the danube , defeated the roman emperor and established a country in modern day bulgaria . 
  this country was n't empty . 
  its people , the latinized thracians at that point , were n't mass murdered or exterminated , they remained the vast , vast majority . 
  they were merely conquered by this ruling class of slavo-bulgar alliance . 
  eventually they adopted the language of the slavs and the identity/name of the bulgars , becoming the bulgarian nation - basically the descendands of the thracians who speak a slavic language and identify with a turkic tribe - the bulgars , who created the state and gave it its name . 
  i wo n't bother giving you however numerous studies of the genetic of balkan people you can easily find online that show the extreme closeness of all balkan nations . 
  [ there is no genetic connection with turkic people , there is with all the other balkan people ] ( https://vieilleeurope.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/hpgr_thumb.png?w=637&amp;h=722 ) . 
  the bulgarian people today are [ no different genetically than the population here for thousands of years ] ( https://hauridna.files.wordpress.com/2000/01/haplogroups_europe.png ) , they are merely culturally moulded into a nation with a slavic language and bulgar name of the identity and country . 
  this happened numerous times throughout history - a ruling class of one culture taking over a larger population of a different culture and creating a nation with the genetic origin of one of those and the cultural identity of the others . 
  you must be quite new to history to identify every nation 's genetic origin with its current cultural belonging , identity or name . 
  i remember your account , i ' v seen you write before here and it has left me with similar impression of a lack of deeper knowledge on the subject you discuss . 
  it leaves a bad impression mate , tone down your arrogant attitude on topics you clearly are n't versed in . 
  where did i disagree with any of that ? 
  you seem to have run out of ways to try and discredit what i originally wrote so now just throw random facts around that i have no trouble with . 
  the thracians were divided by the hemimont mountains into hellenised ( south ) and romanized ( north ) thracians during the roman empire . 
  they were thoroughly slavicized after the establishment of bulgaria and moulded into the bulgarian people , who are basically thracians by origin/blood , slavic by language and bulgar by identity . 
  it 's still very much used . 
  absolutely . 
  if the thracians existed today , and were a majority here in bulgaria , they would have all rights to want the bulgarians gone from their land . 
  instead , they do n't . 
  the bulgarians have been majority here for 1300 years . 
  they created the state , its culture , its language and writing , its identity . 
  here on this land . 
  it 's theirs . 
  if they want some minority group that came during ottoman times and is causing all kinds of problems whilst completely despising the bulgarians gone , they have that right . 
  same with the romanians . 
  bulgarian culture and identity is a mix of slavs and bulgars , the people themselves have never been replaced from the land , merely conquered . 
  they * are * thracians with a different language and identity . 
  i am polish , so your ad hominem does n't even work . 
  you and your best friends the romanians ( hehe ) have a particularly large slavic vocabulary despite being non-slavic languages . 
  slovo is more commonly used for `` speech '' rather than `` word '' . 
  yep , niem/nem means mute in slavic languages . 
  i hear india has plenty of non-modernized rural regions left . 
  india . 
  they are right-wing collectivists , as in they want government in matters such as borders , military , security , police enforcement etc. , but do n't want it in the economy , social affairs , education , freedom of speech etc. 
  hence they call those with the opposite views - the left wing collectivists , `` socialist '' , as they would rather have less gov. 
  control of borders or police force , and more on the economy , social equality , environment etc. 
  there are numerous vesteges of our former totalitarian aparatus that merely transformed using modern , western-european terms such as `` commission against discrimination '' etc. 
  it 's one of those . 
  i believe it might have confused people that i describe particurarly the alt-right since the op started his comment with them . 
  in reality i was answering to his second paragraph , the `` why in the world are rednecks in bumfuckville ... '' , by trying to present my view of the position that the overall `` right-winger in bumfuckville '' has , not just the alt-right . 
  well be sure to tell them that : a ) romania had it for ~ 29 years . 
  b ) romania gave it back by itself , it was n't taken . 
  thnak you . 
  can you elaborate as to which points are wrong and how ? 
  i am highly interested in this debate and the positions of both sides , with currently lacking a lot on the counter position of these arguments i repeated above . 
  thanks . 
  well the reason i asked in the first place is becasue i have seen it on more than one nationalist romanian flags and maps in the past , so i wondered what the nationalist rationale for romania to have it is . 
  well my question was meant as to determine if you are of the same phenotype as the white americans , since this largely denotes a common ancestry traced to europe , and this in turn in at least 90 % of the cases denotes a shared civilization and cultural group in the past . 
  hence their claims to be your `` cousins '' would be valid in most cases , if you were of that phenotype i asked . 
  you confuse northern and southern dobrudja - northern was given to romania by the russians in exchange for their sea connection north of the delta - budjak . 
  in 1878 after the russo-turkish war . 
  southern dobrudja was taken by romania in the second balkan war whilst bulgaria fought its other 3 neighbours . 
  it was then returned peacefully in 1941 with the craiova treaty that hitler organized between bulgaria and romania so they can be his allies without any territorial disputes . 
  the fact romania so willingly gave up on it in an era of nationalism is in itself indicative of how even the romanians did n't really believe they should have it . 
  that 's the fringe wing , the neo-nazis and the conspiracy nuts . 
  i tried to summarise the entire right-wing , of which quite a few of israel-friendly groups are a part . 
  in fact , the israel-palestine conflict seems to steer the entire right-wing towards more jew-friendly positions , as the muslims are seen as a common enemy and they admire israel as a militaristic , no-nonsense , strong-identity based nation state . 
  and simirarly , more and more left-wing groups express quite anti-semitic positions due to their sympaty with the palestinians as a symbol of resistance towards `` the west '' , and by proxy everything they hate about the west - capitalism , `` neo-colonialism '' , `` banks '' , exploitation etc. 
  i doubt it is as much based on religion at this point , as in -- i think atheist or agnostic right wingers are as likely to express those views at the moment , because it boils down to modern day tribalisim -- a perceived clash of civilizations , and \u201e us '' includes the western civilization which so happens to be based on the christian world in large , even if you are a non-believing right-winger .
