  your neat little atheist logic suddenly does n't hold up any more . 
  try to find another `` miracle '' solution to both overpopulation * and * your obviously hated religion . 
  i was never an economic migrant , so please either stop using pathetic ad hominem or do n't attack the culture and civility of nations whilst arguing in such an uncivilised manner . 
  what has that to do with me being polish who lived in the uk , belgium and now bulgaria ? 
  how is that relevant to you saying bulgaria is uncivilized towards foreigners and me refuting that with my personal experience here ? 
  i 'm polish and lived in the uk , belgium and now bulgaria . 
  often communicate with other foreigners here , a spanish is my closest friend , a german close second . 
  your comment reeks of ignorance and outright stupidity . 
  i ' v experienced and witnessed blatant xenophoby in every country i ' v lived , just towards different groups . 
  bulgarians might be such towards gypsies and muslim immigrants , but the english were like that towards pakistanis , the belgians towards romanians , the germans towards gypsies etc. 
  overal buglaria is a very friendly country towards the vast majority of foreigners and i ' v had nothing but wonderful friends here , same as the other foreigners i know who live here . 
  and by `` civilized '' i certainly think much more of life in a city like sofia or plovdiv , than disgusting , crowded and dangerous london or brussels . 
  even more bulgarians for implying skopje region is n't just western bulgaria made up a separate country by the communists same as moldova . 
  unlike your flourishing capital ? 
  it is by itself . 
  more than half the world has gone into negative fertility rates in the past 20 years alone , with the rest dropping sharply . 
  by all projections fertility rates will drop below replacement globally by the end of the century . 
  unless you want to drop a few hundred atomic bombs by then , there is n't a faster way to reduce it . 
  well it is , is n't it ? 
  what war is going on in serbia ? 
  the key to why eastern europe dislikes russia : `` by pushing outward , putin is only extending a very old russian tradition that mikhail gorbachev and boris yeltsin were the exceptions to , rather than the other way around . 
  since the reign of ivan the 4th in the 16th century , an inherent element of russia 's political identity has been to expand its empire over the vast territories of eurasia , comprising central asia , the caucasus and eastern europe . 
  historians still argue about the origins of this crucial trait of russia 's political culture : is it national character , geography , the legacy of the byzantine empire and genghis khan , or russia 's religious messianism ? '', 
  yet completely uneducated non-muslims do n't commit honor killings . 
  or stoning . 
  or beheading of soldiers on the street . 
  islam is the common factor amont the uneducated . 
  better education just mitigates the already present influence of islam . 
  indigenous populations in a country that conquered them as opposed to immigrants from othe countries going to indigeneus populations and refusing to adapt . 
  you ' r comparing two opposite examples . 
  he was scary prophetic on south africa . 
   while no one denies romanian language has a lot of slavic/balcan influences , to say we wrote cyrillic up until 150 years ago is totally false is [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanian_cyrillic_alphabet ) wrong in saying cyrillic was used until 1860 -- 1862 . 
  if yes , when was it used until ? 
   and you have to make distinction between a land being conquered and migrating people passing by . 
  the romans conquered dacia , settled there with soldiers , forced the people to use latin in oficial documents , and through marriages others soon started speaking latin , and the language evolved into some proto-romanian . 
  now romans retreat , and lots of migrating goups pillage and move on , most never stay so at most you 're gon na borrow some words or a few gramatical particularities . 
  the roman colony lasted 150 years . 
  the avars had a state that lasted there for 200 years . 
  the first bulgarian empire did for 400 years . 
  the hungarian kingdom did in the western parts for more than 600 years . 
  it certainly was n't just `` people passing by , pillaging and going '' . 
  in fact roman presence was shorter than most of the other peoples . 
  again , i am afraid you might be repeating a biased national narrative : `` we are daco-romans , influenced by the roman presence heavily and not at all by all the other people who came later and just quickly passed by , without staying , mixing or influencing us at all . '', 
  sounds alfully familliar as biased balkan national narratives go . 
  `` macedonians '' from alexander , croats are `` illyrians '' , serbs - oldest nation on earth , bulgarians were `` the right hand of the huns '' etc. 
  etc. ), 
  all balkan nations seem to have this peculiar national narrative of the `` glorious and unique origin '' that is very simplistic and totally dismissive of the historical realities of the region . 
  did n't the romans colonize only a small fraction of modern romania , for a short period of time , and then completely abandoned it evacuating the latinized population in 275 ? 
  after which numerous people settled there , huns , goths , slavs , avars , bulgars , hungarians , saxons , and lived far longer than the circa one century roman presence ? 
  did n't those people leave far more genetic and cultural trace ? 
  i ' v heard the people of modern romania actually wrote cyrillic for almost 1000 years until they adopted latin barely 150 years ago . 
  wikipedia claims 40 % of modern romanian words are recently borrowed italian or french , predominantly in the 19th century , coinciding with the adoption of latin alphabet and the creation of modern romania . 
  does n't that all point to the romania = roman theory being rather a national narrative , constructed by the founders of the modern romanian nation-state in the 19th century for the sake of giving it some historical identity ? 
  same as they changed the cyrillic the people there used for 1000 years and started replacing slavic words with french and italian ones , coming to upwards of 40 % of all words today ? 
  i 'm polish , but speak bulgarian , and speaking to my many romanian friends from uni i can constantly hear bulgarian words , or even such with common bulgarian/polish/slavic roots , and it just makes a lot more sense the slavs , bulgars and hungarians gave a lot more influence to the people of modern romania over the course of more than 1000 years , than a rather insignificant , small and very short-lived roman province that got abandoned early on . 
  are we to use wooden tires when we run out of oil ? 
  7 billion cars today , 10 billion by 2100 is something we should strive for ? 
  eating meat at pennies for a kilo due to huge industrial farms , that waste billions of litres of fresh water and pollute heavily the environment should n't be a right either . 
  both car ownership and meat consumption should be reduced , but not removed . 
  it 's just the overal `` american dream '' , wasteful , entitled life of excess that i think hurts us greatly . 
  if all of humanity consumed as much as the first world we 'd need a few planets to cover it . 
  it 's not sustainable , not the personal car rate , not the meat consumption , not the fresh water wasting , not a lot of things . 
  this thread just so happens to be about cars ... 
  we 'd still have to give an ennormous ammount of our wealth to someone outside of europe , regardless if it 's a middle-east dictatorship or not . 
  even with electric cars it seems we 'd be payin us-companies , since no european ones are pioneering this field . 
  i am not arguing a personal car for everyone is the ultimate transport , but it 's about time we look at it as a luxury few should have , mainly those who actually have no other way to commute , rather than a right for everyone . 
  too many die of pollution and accidents , too much is wasted on importing oil from filthy-rich arab states and too much noise-pollution hurts our health . 
  we need to fundamentally rethink how we consider a car a `` right '' for everyone . 
  public transport , biking and walking are all cheaper than buying and maintaining a car . 
  few people live both far away from work to bike , and without public transport access . 
  not sure if to upvote the comment for the fact the netherlands has had a surge to the right , or to downvote it for the author 's attempt to paint it as `` bullshitry '' . 
  no one cares . 
  nope , not at all . 
  the `` serbia stronk '' and `` remove kebab '' meme started with the video of the soldiers with the accordeon . 
  it 's 100 % based on the war in bosnia . 
  when it comes to the ottoman empire the serbs are actually some of the few balkan nations that also actively fought on the side of the turks and even saved the future sultan and the treasury at the battle of ankara in 1402 . 
  soros is quite rich , right ? 
  how about he accepts , funds and shelters as many refugees as he wants , in whatever private properties he owns ? 
  i did , on your first response to me . 
  there it is again . 
  2edgy4me careful not to cut yourself . 
  of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  you know that very well , why be uppidy ? 
  ah yes , because its [ borders ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/d/dd/polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_at_its_maximum_extent.svg/1280px-polish-lithuanian_commonwealth_at_its_maximum_extent.svg.png ) used to stretch almost from berlin to moscow . 
  does n't `` having a few old migs in the entire air force '' constitue not having your skies protected any way ? 
  i know we do and i certainly do n't feel like ours are protected . 
  good idea , and maybe when the next holy league rolls over the turks russia wo n't stop them from taking istanbul and kicking them out of europe like in 1913 . 
  one , the language of love . 
  oi u takin ' the piss or wat , i 'll bash ur fukin ed in i swear on me mum, 
  always pisses me off i ca n't take as many provinces as i could when i crush the enemy cause of the aggressive expansion lands me in a ton of coalition trouble ... 
  so if you talk of the pagan western empire , why ask about the 5th century ? 
  it was christian for a long time then . 
  you seem confused . 
  then we 'll replace those fish with ones that can exist in a closed off med . 
  big deal . 
  not gon na sacrafice huge coastlines , cities , infrastructures , countries and tens of millions of people for a bunch of fucking fish . 
   sure , but if that was the case , religious people would n't really believe in some sort of mythological creature . 
  your arguments work well in theory , but for most religious people religion encompasses the belief in something that has no reason to believe into . 
  believeing that a conscious of some sort designed the world or things in it is quite different from believing literary the fairy-tales about talking snakes or partin the sea . 
  the few billion religious people around the world vary so vastly along that spectrum , from westboro-baptist fanatics to noble prize winners in physics or chemistry , that one has to be ignorant and uneducated to the extreme to produce the simplistic statements you did .
