  if a negative process is occurring with no signs of stopping and future projection for long-term continuation it is n't an issue of `` look how little it will get in our lifetime '' . 
  it 's an issue of how long it will continue and if there are ways to stop it before it actually gets to a dangerous degree . 
  the further a negative process accumulates the more difficult it is to reverse and it is nearing a stage of no-return . 
  latest un demographic projections say africa will quadruple until 2100 to 4 billion , asia will add another billion , and europe will just stagnate . 
  the muslims around the world will increase exponentially and much faster than economic development can take them all out of poverty . 
  the result is ever increasing waves towards europe of people with the above described ideas and values . 
  are those projections `` irrational fearmongering '' ? 
  that we ought to ignore and hope for the best ? 
  because that sounds painfully like climate-change deniers who use the exact same arguments to dismiss future long-term projections given by equally respected institutions and researchers as the demographic ones i gave you above or the un 's i give below : http://esa.un.org/unpd/wpp/ you , and many like you , are merely letting your political bias dismiss the demographic warnings because it is tough to reconcile any possible solutions to them with your liberal values , same as conservatives are letting their bias dismiss climate change warnings because its solutions would contradict the economical policies these people support . 
  funny how liberals and conservatives can demonstrate the exact same bias and irrationality when it comes to different matters . 
  some more : most muslims hold views that westerners would consider extremist 85 % [ of muslim youths ] say they will raise their children in the muslim faith . 
  this in itself would not be a bad thing ( on the contrary ) , except for the fact that 48 % of antwerp 's muslim youths are convinced that the quran should be taken literally and 21 % readily admit that they have already heard their imam preach a hate sermon http://www.brusselsjournal.com/node/551 more than a third [ of turkish germans ] insisted that if it serves the islamic community , they are ready to use violence against nonbelievers . 
  almost 40 percent said that zionism , the european union and the united states threaten islam . 
  http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/07/14/opinion/edshore.php sunni muslim terrorists committed `` about 70 percent '' of the 12,533 terrorist murders in the world last year , according to a report by the national counterterrorism center ( nctc ) . 
  http://www.webcitation.org/query?url=http://cnsnews.com/news/article/sunni-muslim-extremists-committed-70-terrorist-murders-2011&amp;date=2012-08-04 `` none of the 500 british muslims interviewed believed that homosexual acts were morally acceptable . 
  51 per cent agree that a muslim woman may not marry a non\u2010muslim , 61 per cent think homo\u2010sexuality should be made illegal almost 60 per cent reject homosexuals as friends and 45 per cent think that jews can not be trusted a quarter of [ muslim ] students said men and women were not equal in the eyes of allah and seven per cent were not sure , with more women than men feeling unequal . 
  the scary reality is that only three percent of british muslims `` took a consistently pro-freedom of speech line on these questions . 
  what did they do in komotini in wwii ? 
  i know she was travelling to komotini , but have no idea at what point they were when it happened . 
  the point is i ' v heard bulgarians share stories like that more than often . 
  and the circles of friends i have is made up of young , well educated and usuall well-off people from sofia . 
  when it comes to the poorer people from the countryside who actually went to work in greece the stories of abuse and exploitation i ' v heard come from the media . 
  and turks and syrians are white too . 
  `` white '' does n't exist as race , `` caucasoid/europid '' does - it includes europeans , semites , iranian peoples , indian subcontinent etc. 
  a near-black skinned south indian is from the same race as a pale , ginger irish . 
  skin colour is nothing but pigmentation , it is n't what determins race - skull shape and bone structure does . 
  that 's why we can determine the race of skeletons we find from thousands of years ago without having any idea of their skin tone . 
  it 's prejudice against hungary 's ruling political elite at the moment . 
  not the people . 
  if there is a precursor then yes , sure . 
  but if not , then it 's a clumsy guy who should ' v been more careful being attacked by aggressive and violent shopkeepers . 
  the ammount of adrenaline and fear pumping into a person whilst fighting 10 other men in a foreign country certainly explains why he 'd still be acting like this after it 's over . 
  you ' r more base survival instinct at that moment than reason . 
  fault for what ? 
  i 'm not throwing blame here , just explaining how the macro-economy of europe currently works . 
  do you disagree ? 
  i guess it depends on who visits the particular country . 
  as a polish living in bulgaria i can say i ' v never had trouble in greece and been wellcomed warmly , but almost all my bulgarian friends have had terrible experiences at some point in their life there , being offended , cursed at or just treated with an arrogant disregard , like some people below the greeks . 
  due to the collapse of bulgaria after communism and the mass exodus of people the greeks came to treat the country and its people like the us does mexico and i ' v heard countless stories of greeks being horrendeusly arrogant and just plain nasty towards bulgarians through the years . 
  my ex-girlfriend was called a `` bulgarian whore '' when she was there on holliday once and asked for directions at a gas station . 
  so i 'd say each nation can be both nice and horrible at the same time , but to different people . 
  1565 , never forget !, 
  it is n't the millions of e. europeans who left their countries who oppose immigrants coming to them , it 's the ones who remained despite the economic hardships . 
  they endured the extreme poverty of the 90s and are now looking forward to a future life of their children that might actually be better than theirs was . 
  it 's entirely normal and sane they do n't want to see african getthos and muslim neighbourhoods in this future . 
  and yes , i know you are talking in your original post about the refugees from syria and iraq only , whom i fully agree we should help , but do n't go on to hold us back in e.europe responsible for the immigration of our people towards your states - we did n't want them to go and we sure as hell could use them back here in our ongoing demographic crisis . 
  i 'm not responsible for some guy who left for western europe to now loose my right to determine how my country should be for my children , or have the people who accepted him tell me how to run my society because they think i owe them . 
  the immigrants from e.europe owe you , not we who stayed here . 
  first time i hear africans , pakistanis and bangladeshis come from iraq . 
  they are the vast majority of migrants . 
  eu funds to e.europe are n't solidarity and never were - they are an investment , which pays back hugely . 
  the reason germany gets the trade surplus it has is because it has priviliged access to e.european markets that have risen through the last 20 years in size and such as poland become even the 2nd largest trade partner of germany . 
  labour from these countries is another returned investment . 
  we get pittance ( in the case of bg and ro not even 5 % of waht greece is given ) yet we give to the richer countries our invaluable labour through immigration and our markets to be used by western corporations that drive the small local producers out of business and drain capital . 
  so spare me the delusional bullshit , e. europe is a periphery for west and north to invest in and then drain , not show `` solidarity towards '' . 
  and now you also want us to repeat your horrendeus demographic mistakes . 
  thanks , but no , thanks . 
  we built a whole bloody [ fence ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/17/us-bulgaria-refugees-fence-iduskbn0fm1zf20140717 ) on our border with turkey . 
  we get tens of [ thousands ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/features/2014/08/bulgaria-grapples-with-mideast-refugee-surge-2014819124227217604.html ) of refugees that we need to house and care for because of the dublin agreement , despite being the poorest country in the eu . 
  and despite the fact we already pay for nearly 800,000 ( 12 % of our population ) gypsies who do n't work , do n't pay taxes , water or bills , but get a ton of social help . 
  there 's hardly a country more pressed socially , financially and demographically in europe , certainly not itay , yet you want us to do more ? 
  the fak ? 
  how does the irish guy come across bad ? 
  i did n't write muslim , i wrote `` islamic barbarians '' . 
  do you not read the second word ? 
  it 's the islamists who are in my view pure barbarians i want out , not the muslims . 
  and islamism is most certainly as extreme and as political as nazism . 
  spoken like a proper little servile boy . 
  go get a pat on the shoulder by your government . 
  ah , then we 'd been arguing two different things . 
  if that 's what you disagree with i wellcome you to the lovely downtown of europe 's capital - brussels , where you can try and take a stroll through the lower part of schaarbeck neighbourhood with your uncovered , modern-dressed girlfriend . 
  i did it twice , during daytime , and got 1 spat and numerous shouts and stares . 
  that 's a relatively well-off islamic neighbourhood in eu 's capital . 
  go do the same in certain east london one 's , at my previous city of residence - coventry , or at malmo and plenty more . 
  the places that have supplied a mass of volunteers to isis . 
  i ca n't consider smth a conspiracy if i ' v experienced it myself . 
  your theoretical attitude however is a different thing . 
  of course they are the majority . 
  they always are . 
  most people belong to the lower social margin that values lower-quality , base entertainment and pursuits . 
  it is now as it has been always . 
  the culture we value today from the past is the product of a tiny minority of cultured people ( from all social backgrounds ) , same as today only a minority creates worthwhile art at the backdrop of mass pop-entertainment . 
  no difference really with before to make us sad about a `` dead culture '' . 
  if anything , far greater percentage today has access to theatre , opera , quality cinema and music than did in the past , when 90 % lived in a village they hardly ever left . 
  how is it irrelevant ? 
  you considered my claim europe could face a wider migration of millions of muslims to the continent a `` loony conspiracy '' . 
  i showed you un data on the population projections , that clearly show europe will get an ever increasing wave of migrants from africa and the islamic world . 
  it correlates directly , and you ' r only calling it whataboutism for the same reason you called it a conspiracy beforehand - lack of arguments against it . 
  the un is sure a horribly loony source for all kinds of conspiracy theories . 
  their latest conspiracy is that , supposedly , africa is to quadruple to 4 billion by 2100 and asia to increase by 1 billion , whilst europe to stagnate . 
  what nonsense , right ? 
  there is plenty of culture left , what you describe is tha mass-culture , the one to entertain the ignorant masses , which is n't worse than the one used to entertain the masses 200 or 300 years ago . 
  in 1850 , the height of the victorian age we associate with the works of great writers and painters there were 50,000 prostitutes in the slums of london alone . 
  the lower social strata has always been vulgar , nothing 's changed . 
  we still , however have thousands of operas , theatres , concert halls all over europe filling with [ millions ] ( http://www.timsmithies.com/site/wp-content/uploads/2009/08/uke_proms.jpg ) of people annualy that crave the great works of art our continent has produced . 
  in my city the theatres are currently full , same as the discos , so do n't make it seem all hopeless . 
  if you choose to surround yourself with the shit culture and shit people that 's your fault . 
  there 's plenty of intelligent and sophisticated people and surroundings you can interact with if you choose to . 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  now waiting for the nazis to say my `` libtard '' mask slips and the picture is complete .
