  but poland does n't border syria and isis-controlled areas . 
  the refugees from there stop being such as soon as they are no longer in danger , which is in turkey or any of the dozen countries between syria and poland , or germany . 
  whey they decide to leave turkey , lebanon , jordan or any other safe syrian country for europe they turn into economical migrants too - fleeing not imminent death , but poverty at the countries that hosted them . 
  and so are the middle-easterners . 
  poland does n't border syria . 
  a man of his time , being cruel to invaders . 
  i think georgi dimitrov is by far a monster out of the ordinary . 
  especially with what he did with the macedonian bulgarians . 
  no , that 's a modern historians ' way of distinguishing between the periods , but at the time it was called roman empire , by everyone , and the people inside it called themsleves romans , not byzantines . 
  if you asked that same emperor he 'd tell you he was a roman emperor , not a byzantine or greek one . 
   split kek, 
  why does anytime anyone disagree/dislike poles they resort to call them car thiefs ? 
  with romanians - pickpockets . 
  with arabs - terrorists . 
  with americans - dumb fatties . 
  with russians - nationalist drunks . 
  with french - stuck up surrender cowards . 
  that 's how stereotypes and generalization works . 
  it 's not only the germans suffering from it , nor are they immune to doing it to others , so rather give it a rest with feelings constantly sorry for them . 
  why is the solution for everyone to leave rather than change the eu 's stance ? 
  would n't europe 's overal situation only worsen if the people ready to defend it leave the eu ? 
  and would n't the consequences one day catch up with those who left too ? 
  i think you might not understand i am talking about a feasible long term solution for europe in the 21st century , not just the current crisis that has produced a few million refugees . 
  africa doubled to 1 billion people in the past 20 years and is set to quadruple to 4 billion people by the end of the century . 
  one has to be incredibly deluded about the future state of affairs there , keeping in mind the demographic bomb , future resource scarcity and climate change , to think europe wo n't see a wave of at the minimum tens of millions willing to come . 
  ( in 2050 only 1 % of africa 's population will equal 20 million people ) we need a long term solution about that wave , and a camp to put them all in is certainly not it . 
  a proper border control is . 
  a camp for millions of people ? 
  you mix up enormous corporate profits with the prosperity of the ordinary people . 
  if people in places like china were paid well , we 'd still be able to keep our prosperity as long as corporate profits and bonuses were cut . 
  there 's plenty of wealth to go around , it 's just concentrated poorly , rather than being taken from one part of the world for the luxury of the other . 
  and yes , you are a marxist . 
  once again , no reasonable proposals or solutions from you , just `` you ca n't do that '' . 
  well , it so happens we ' v a huge sea between us and africa , unlike you and mexico , so it actually is quite easy to close that route , as it was durign qadaffi , when we paid him to keep the people smugglers at bay . 
  it was about time you gave up the discussion , i suppose just posting an irrelevant photo meant to carry some emotional message is your way . 
  if you ever come up with actual arguments as to why controlling europe 's borders is a bad idea beyond your personal liberal feelings telling you it 's `` fascist '' or whatever , i 'll be more than happy to hear your better proposals and continue this talk . 
  it is n't , as european borders in the med . 
  and aegean are very different . 
  there are n't international waters in the aegean , they can only be in turkish or greek . 
  funding camps wo n't discourage most of them from coming , nor all the ones that are n't refugees or from that part of the world in the first place . 
  you are very optimistic about the state of the world . 
  africa doubled to 1 billion in the past 20 years and is set to quadruple to 4 billion people by the end of the century . 
  one has to be increadibly deluded about the future state of affairs there , keeping in mind the demographic bomb , future resource scarcity and climate change , to think europe wo n't see a wave of at the minimum tens of millions willing to come . 
  ( in 2050 only 1 % of africa 's population will equal 20 million people ) we need a long term solution , and your 's is n't one . 
  nothing but complete border control and a system of dealing with illegals without retaining any at all can be . 
  not if the full border control is established . 
  even if yes , there 's no other solution . 
  allowing the third world to move into europe ? 
  just open door policy ? 
  as if they do n't radicalise whilst here ? 
  you are n't giving any context or soulution - just open the borders or else you might get radicals attacking you . 
  well , even if it happens it 's better than the alternative of filling europe with millions of muslims , is n't it ? 
  which in itself proves to create threats of terrorism even more so than stopping them from entering in the first place . 
  you stop them in the waters between the two countries from entering any island . 
  that 's as basic as guarding any border . 
  you do n't stop a boat by only sinking it , you just do n't allow it to pass any further . 
  armed guards can do that . 
  you do n't permanently stop someoen from entering your border by shooting him . 
  you just do n't let him proceed under penalty of shooting . 
  same in waters . 
  how come soemthing you enjoyed was always taken from someone else ? 
  is this some marxist zero-sum economy bullshit , where exploitation is the only possible root of any success and prosperity ? 
  cause it sure sounds like one . 
  so it 's europe 's responsibility to take in any people around the world at risk of radicalisation due to their cirmustances ? 
  its responsibility to provide `` hope '' and a future ? 
  there are 3,5 billion people living in deep poverty . 
  there are hundreds of millions at risk of radicalisation . 
  the syrian migrants , who ' v successfully escaped the war zone and thus became merely part of those 3.5 billion poor people , are n't any different or special to merit an entry into the eu any more than a starving congolese or a poor fillipino does . 
  nor is it eu 's responsibility to give hope and future to the 50 % of our earth 's population that are poor and futureless . 
  eu 's reponsibility is to its own citizens and their well-being and future . 
  if that is in any way reduced by people from abroad , it 's eu 's responsibility to put its own people first . 
  neither do i. i consider this one sentence from it correct . 
  or are we meant to agree with either all 5000 + pages of a collection of books , or none of it ? 
  situation in europe and the med . 
  and aegean is quite different . 
  implement a policy of no-tolerance border control long enough , and people stop trying to come , knowing it 's pointless to try . 
  implement open door policy too long , and the number of people deciding to take the journey increases exponentially . 
  tell me , of the 3,5 billion very poor people in the world today , how many are you willing to take in europe ? 
  or do you harbour illusions the stream will just magically end at some point , maybe with the syrian conflict ? 
  what is the long-term solution , the end game for people like you , that involves no border control ? 
  it is precisley because countries like ukraine , moldova or belarus are n't in good shape that they would most likely accept the billions eu sends to turkey for decades now in exchange for it dumping its illegals there , who would immediately leave anyway , as they ' v nothing to do there . 
  so should such agreements be made and turkish funds diverted , you most certainly can dump them with a farewell . 
  you stop a boat from entering your waters or an island . 
  you do n't escort them on their way back . 
  where they decide to go to in international waters is n't the job of border control . 
  good of you to know . 
  i hope i too , one day , have certain deep knolwedge of what future governments of foreign countries would answer to a future proposal . 
  an eu naval joint force can most certainly do that , it does n't take battleships and aicraft carriers to stop a migrant boat for christ sake , it takes a speedboat with a couple of border guards on it . 
  europe has had a long term monetary support to turkey for decades . 
  to many other non-eu states as well . 
  structural funds in support of `` democractic reforms '' , or `` cultural programmes '' etc. 
  cut it all off , turkey 's not supposed to be accepted at all , and give to ukraine , or moldova , or belarus , or morocco . 
  they most certainly will accept basically free money to take migrants that they know will not stay there anyway . 
  there are plenty of ways to incite a country , especially a poor one like ukraine or moldova , to accept the illigals of the eu in exchange for the exact same funds the eu has been pouring into turkey for the past decades , and knowing these migrants wo n't stay there for long . 
  after a while of this system being implemented , people will just stop trying to enter in droves . 
  same as if it is n't implemented and we keep letting them in , more and more will embark on the journey . 
  it 's about what message you send , people do n't try to enter where they know there 's no chance to do it other than through the official visa channels . 
  they are n't `` toxic waste '' to me , they are the same poor people there are 3,5 billion of around the earth , including plenty in my own , supposedly `` eu '' country . 
  there 's no place for those 3,5 billion in europe , so there 's no other choice but to control the borders . 
  and same as i do not let any of the poor people in my country enter my home and stay , i do n't see how it makes sense to do the exact same thing on a massive , continent-wide scale .
