  you can have a left wing one as both authoritarian and libertarian , as well as vice verse . 
  go tell your fellow marxist-lenninsts , of whome there are still many , that they are not `` reaaaaaaal '' leftists like yourself . 
  proper no true scotsman right there . 
  i claimed the idea of accepting this practice - that we can impose onto others our desire how they should live , is the worst idea in history . 
  as it is what directly leads to slavery , feudalism , marxism , nazism , social engineering , totaltiarnism etc. 
  to take a single event out of context that is example of its and ask how it is the worst in your history does not address the statement i made , since the context of the world in which it happened had every society doing the same thing . 
  today , this is not the case anymore , so we can compare a free and democratic society with , say , north korea , and clearly see how it is by far the worst thing to happen to the north koreans in their history . 
  because there is place for comparisson today . 
  we lack such ability for comparisson what would happen to poland in the 10th century had it to christiantized . 
  yep , so ? 
  there have been no major demographic replacements of the populations in most of europe , merely cultural and political impositions by small invading groups . 
  today the hungarians are genetically closest to the neighbouring slavs to the north , despite ugro-finnic language . 
  they are the same old indigenous population of the panonian plain from before the magyar conquest , merely having the magyar identity and language of the invading minority adopted . 
  your attempt at redefining the victims of stalin and his like - lenin , mao , pol pot etc. 
  as ` just their enemies '' because they were `` just crazy '' can also be interpereted as a pro-marxist attempt at apologetics . 
  in reality , apart from simple opponents whom hitler also killed regardless of identity , all the marxist dictators murdered very systematically members of the burgeoisie , kulaks , property owners , successfull paesants or mechants , or even just educated people as during the khmer rouge or the cultural revolution . 
  this was also 100 % social darwinism , aimed simply not at nationality/ethnicity , but class . 
  something also inherent to the vast , vast majority of people who belong to it , and who will most definitely oppose any attempts to take everything they have away from them , hence making violence against them an intrinsic part of a marxist revolution and creating the `` classless '' society they aim at . 
  genocide of millions becomes , therefore in practice , as intrinsic to those regimes as it is to the nazis . 
  to deny that and merely brush it off as `` crazy dictators killing their opponents '' ( as if it was n't actually regular students killing their teachers en mass in the cultural revolution ) , is definitely a form of apologetics towards these genocides . 
  norman davies ? 
  what 's telling about the equalization of the victims ? 
  i did in the first two paragraphs of the above comment . 
  i acknowledged fully it was a case of minority imposing onto the majority . 
  where did i claim prosecution ? 
  i claimed such a racist attitude exists right now within certain groups . 
  do you deny it does ? 
  [ insert buzzword ] your branding loses its meaning with each passing year . 
  people do n't really care anymore if you 'll call them racist for wanting to keep their societies . 
  of course they are in every single society which got christianised by compulsion . 
  today they are merely the voluntary choice of anyone who worships , without compulsion . 
  i , for example , grew up in a highly atheist/secular society , to a family apathetic to religion . 
  now asnwer my simple question - if you say it 's fine for a small part of society to impose its ideas on the rest , then do you condone authoritarianism and are open about your opposition to the democratic system of rule ? 
  `` yes , because wanting an independent nation is about the same thing as systematically exterminating millions of people based on their class , property , political views or opposition to your system ... kulaks , bourgeoisie , exploitation , wage slavery yadda yadda . 
  you 're an intelligent one . '', 
  we can all play these pathetic semantic games , equating the far left with only the modest and non-violent leftist ideas , but the far-right with the genocidal fringe . 
  you 're pathetic if you claim the far left does n't have a history of at least as much or even more so genocide and social extermination as the far-right . 
  so you approve of us acting in the 21st century like people did in 966ad ? 
  you ironically are absolving these previous impositions onto the majority right now in order to justify your own current desires to do that . 
  yep . 
  until every attempt to create an equal meme sub with a hitler upvote button and `` the jews deserved it '' as a catchphrase immediately results in deletion and ban , my argument stands . 
  the two extremes are not equally persecuted/tolerated , be it as memes or otherwise . 
  ok then you are against democracy as a form of rule and for various forms of authocracy . 
  that 's perfectly fine and a valid position . 
  my accusations were towards the hypocrites who pretend to be democratic but support social engineering by the minority . 
  then good for your country being equal in its condemnation or tolerance of genocidal fringe groups . 
  in most of europe and north america far-left , openly stalinist or leninist groups are allowed into the public and political space , whilst their equivalent on the far-right is n't . 
  hence why we accept different principles of societal rule . 
  in an absolutist or totalitarian one you are free to impose your minority will on how society should operate on the majority . 
  in a democratic one it 's the other way around and only majority-backed models should be implemented , hence you are doing something undemocratic if you impose your own , minority-supported model of something . 
  feel absolutely free to support the idea of imposing minority-backed ideas or parctices on the majority , just be open about your preference for totalitarianism and aithoritarianism when you do so . 
  i only have a problem with hypocrotices who pretend to be for democracy , but only when it suits them - when the majority does n't support their idea they suddenly find a rationale for minority-imposed social engineering . 
  lol what a pathetic and sad existence must it be to desperately hate your own people and like a lackey worship everything in `` the developed countries '' just for the sake of it . 
  each generation has these sad , hateful people , like the ultra-pro-soviet bulgarians among us back in the cold war who wanted everything here to be a copy of the ussr and were disgusted how `` unsophisticated '' bulgarian society was compared to the `` progressive '' soviet one . 
  today you are their equivalent and it 's pathetic . 
  you can change how you live and what traditions you follow . 
  do that . 
  do n't try to impose social engineering on the rest . 
  unless you are willing for the rest to that unto you as well . 
  what new world order ? 
  the population of japan is over 99 % ethnicly and racially homogeneus . 
  same for the population of poland . 
  of hungary . 
  of czechia , of plenty of countries on the face of the earth , including finland . 
  they have had the same racial majority for thousands of years , what 's `` new '' about it ? 
  the `` new '' world order is artificailly creating as racially , culturally , religiously and ethnicly balkanized societies as we possibly can by moving massive numbers of people from africa and asia into historically homogenous societies . 
  you are the one pushing a new world order , not us . 
  we like it how it is right now . 
  no idea what you mean . 
  you lie again , i nowhere said a minority ca n't criticise the majority , i clearly wrote a minority has no right to impose social engineering onto the majority against its will , like the guy said can be good giving kemalists as example . 
  traditions and societal behaviour should be left to the parents to voluntarily teach their kids and of individuals to accept or reject them . 
  not to a small group to decide which should be left or changed . 
  who , exactly , do you think you are to have the right to decide on the social engineering of the rest ? 
  by force . 
  so if they resists to have their lives ruined and all taken from them - they get exterminated . 
  as i wrote already - semantics is the only difference between the nazis and the marxists . 
  in reality , they both need to mass exterminate huge numbers of people to achieve their goals , and that 's precisely what happened every single time a marxist revolution/coup happened in a country . 
  how would a white ethno-state preserve the japanese or korean nations ? 
  what does white having to do with homogenity of a given nation , or do you think only white people can have nations ? 
  then we agree . 
  prosecute either denial of all genocides , or none . 
  not the privileged attitude given to left-wing genocides we have today . 
  no one in this thread proposed concentration camps , racial segregation or genocide . 
  no-one . 
  null . 
  zero . 
  so why are you ranting on immediately of alt-righters as a response to someone merely noting the above i linked exists ? 
  i asked you about prosecution , by states and laws - including in your own country , but not exclusively . 
  i know . 
  personally . 
  what do we do now ? 
  it is semantics because i do n't need to even prove marx directly teaches genocide to claim there are far-leftists who do that , since i do n't equate all far-left with only marxists , i include stalinists ( `` tankies '' ) , maosists and others , who veer away from marx quite a lot . 
  his semantics are to say all far-leftists only follow marx , whilst all far-right hitler/nazis , so it 's easy to show genocidal messeges in the far-right more so than in the far left . 
  a semantical fallacy , since it is n't true that the far-left is embodied by the fringe group that the nazis are , as opposed to the more numerous regular nationalists , whom people like mazzini represent . 
  so a correct equivalent to asking for a marx source on the genocidal tendencies of the far left is to ask for a mazzini source on claim of such within the far-right . 
  and that 's what i did . 
  tldr : if he claims i must provide a marx quote to show genocide as core to the far-left , then he would have to provide a mazzini ( or garibaldi , or levski ) quote to show genocide as core to the far-right . 
  which he ca n't , yet claims it is core . 
  please do n't soften or downplay the very real racist sentiment on the left , `` progressive '' side at the moment against the very existence of a specific race and all of its members by presumption : [ 1 ... ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dbpleiyxsaarglg.jpg ) [ 2 ... ] ( http://dailycaller.com/2015/06/22/prof-i-chose-not-to-have-children-because-theyd-be-white/ ) [ 3 ... ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/ali-michael/i-sometimes-dont-want-to-be-white-either_b_7595852.html ) [ 4 ... ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/crime/man-spits-baby-face-mother-white-people-breed-abdulla-rezzas-south-shields-a7594016.html ) [ 5 ... ] ( http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/texas-am-wont-fire-professor-who-called-for-killing-white-people/article/2622810 ), 
  and who decides who chooses on the course of the social engineering ?
