  so this is irrelevant - a large muslim nation in the eu will prevent the formation of a common identity among atheist nations as much as among christian ones . 
  even if it did n't though , the fact remains that not all nations are atheist and you ca n't force the italians , the polish , the hungarians or the irish to accept 70 million turkish muslims as fellow europeans . 
  they wo n't . 
  whether you like it or not . 
  i am not from ataka , i hate them and have protested them here more than once , you just show how pathetic you are in an argument . 
  i truly have the feeling i am talking to a frustrated 13 - year old who throws whatver shit will stick to the wall - albania , `` you do n't know history , but bulgaria was created by volga muslims '' , ataka ... 
  truly pathetic . 
  i said it lies on all nations accepting openly the ideals of the renaissance and humanism . 
  go back and read it . 
  bulgaria fully does . 
  they teach you in school very early about those ideals and our society stounchly opposes any religious interference into politics and laws . 
  now you try and twist this as if i claimed a nation must have actuall participated in the creation of the renaissance back in the 15th century , which i never did . 
  once again i wonder if you know this is n't a conversation face to face when you can make shit up , it 's all recorded as posts and such outright lies do n't stick . 
  it 's drug laws that make this percentage , nothing to do with the attitude towards the worst criminals . 
  quickly abandoned albania or the volga bulgars , eh ? 
  as i said - throw enough shit at the wall and see what it sticks . 
  the tactic of the lowest . 
  as for the rest - the reason bulgaria is not in the way of a common european identity is because the religious european nations like the polish or irish have no trouble with orthodox nations , feeling they are all christian , bul will never accept a major muslim nation as part of their identity . 
  [ this is statistical analysis of attitudes towards muslims across the continent , not an opinion ] ( http://si.wsj.net/public/resources/images/na-ce216a_franc_g_20150107170613.jpg ) . 
  argue this , do n't argue bullshit made up straw men i never wrote like `` bulgaria having part in the renaissance '' - a truly shameful making up of things i never wrote . 
  you do know all our posts here are public and you can see what one wrote like ? 
  also , how useful militarily or economically a country is to the eu has zero to do with how people will accept a common identity , which was the only argument i had here . 
  stop bringing other issues into this you pathetic little man . 
  it 's embarassing . 
  if you ca n't win topic a , talking about topics b , c , d , e and f wo n't make you appear any better , on the contrary . 
  lol , so you basically decided you ca n't argue the point of this topic about turkey in the eu , and not even the one you just made about albania , so let 's go back to the thing about bulgaria and the renaissance . 
  truly pathetic . 
  i ' v wasted enough time trying to stick you to the topic here with you running around all possible different questions you can come up with to avoid the one being discussed . 
  either address what was stated here by me : that turkey in the eu would make many nations impossible to accept a common identity , or do n't waste my time with little baiting on other issues . 
  i 'm `` hugely uneducated on history '' , then proceed to say balkan bulgaria was created by the volga bulgars , [ despite the bulgars reaching the volga after the creation of danubian bulgaria ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/bulgarians_and_slavs_vi-vii_century.png ) and accepting islam 300 years later , in the 10th century , when balkan bulgaria existed for 300 years already and was christian for 100 . 
  you ca n't fathom the irony of your own statements dude . 
  keep running towards other topics . 
  before going off to a different topic like none of the previous post happened have the fucking decency to admit you were dragging me to things and topics i never made and putting words into my mouth , before i had to talk to you like a child , explaining the difference between a factual statement and an opinion , for you to finally stop fighting made up straw men . 
  as for albania - i lack enough information on the attitudes of european nations towards it to tell if joining would hamper the creation of a common european identity the way turkey would . 
  since it 's a small and irrelevant nation tehre simple has n't been as much statistical analysis on attitudes towards it for me to look at , the way i have for turkey . 
  it has 3 big advantages over turkey - it was born as a european nation and always was one , it was a born as a christian nation and continues to be up to 25 % such , with a very dominant atheist percentage as well . 
  and it has n't conquered any nations and imposed islam on them for people like the bulgarians or serbs to never accept a common identity with it , as they would with turkey . 
  still , despite these advantages i ca n't tell for sure what it 's effect will be on a common european identity the way i can for turkey , based on all the facts of european nations ' attitudes i wrote you a few times already and you still have n't addressed at all despite keeping a desperate argument with me that jumps from one thing to another like shit thrown at a wall to see what will stick . 
  listen mate , this petty game is not something i do since i left high school . 
  if you are going to argue the one and only point this debate was about - should turkey be allowed into the eu - for which i have made a very clear case why allowing it will hurt the integration process after many nations would be dissuaded from a common identity , then please argue this . 
  if you are going to just take separate statements i make , which are factual not opinions , and make up your little mini-debates , then find someone else . 
  i am not arguing how strong chrisitan religion should be in the eu , i am arguing that plenty of still christian nations like poland will never accept a common european identity that includes a nation of 70 million muslims . 
  or that nations whose modern national identity is based on liberating themsleves from the turks will never accept a common union or identity with them . 
  those are statements that describe a situation , you can argue with them and their validity , but not twist them into me claiming europe should be in the 18th century when regards to christianity , which i never made . 
  if you run out of ways to counter the statements i make please admit it or leave , do n't make up statements i never made to fight an easier battle . 
  here is once again , as clear cut and simple as i could write it , why i think turkey in the eu would hurt the creation of a common identity that all members will readily accept . 
  argue with that , or leave , but do n't drag me into a swamp of straw-men and bullshit :  the eu is a political union that ca n't survive without evolving . 
  and it ca n't evolve without a common identity of all its members . 
  those are common conclusions currently in europe , both on the side of pro and anti-eu people . 
  if you want the eu to disintegrate then sure , join anyone , including turkey . 
  if you want it to survive and evolve you need a common identity that people will never fully accept if it includes turkey . 
  especially the dozen or so balkan nations that are part of it or will be in the near future , as well as plenty other ones such as poland , czechia , ireland , italy or spain . 
  i am not telling you how i want things to be , so do n't try to convince me what to want , i am telling you how things are - enough europeans are fundamentally opposed to turkey in the eu for basic civilizational , identity reasons that ca n't be overcome with reforms or future progress inside turkey . 
  enough european nations perceive `` european '' as intrinsic to a christian past that turkey ca n't suddenly get or manufacture . 
  enough european nations will never accept to be part of the same identity as the turks , unless they renounce their entire historical national narrative . 
  hence why , those facts above , not my personal desires or opinions , is why turkey should n't enter the eu if you want it to survive and evolve . 
  if you do n't want that , then sure , get them in . 
  you have n't read all i wrote and take parts and bits . 
  i claimed for the purpose of creating a unified european identity strong enough to hold the eu ( which was how the how debate began - should turkey join the eu ) , you need the nations within this union to share core traits of their nation creation . 
  the more the better . 
  the most funamental core traits they currently share is , among being born in europe and christian , later secular , the fact they culturally have adopted the ideas of the renaissance and enlightenment , which means they teach in their schools and accept socially as part of their mentality the values of humanism , personal freedom , individualism and rationality over religious and theological doctrine . 
  this is by far a notion completely accepted in ireland , bulgaria , serbia and romania , despite on a later stage than the initial birth of renaissance in the 15th century . 
  it is n't a notion fully adopted by the turkish nation , and having actually spent time in turkey , knowing a throng of turks and following turkish political discourse i will defend this statement with certainty . 
  the eu is a political union that ca n't survive without evolving . 
  and it ca n't evolve without a common identity of all its members . 
  those are common conclusions currently in europe , both on the side of pro and anti-eu people . 
  if you want the eu to disintegrate then sure , join anyone , including turkey . 
  if you want it to survive and evolve you need a common identity that people will never fully accept if it includes turkey . 
  especially the dozen or so balkan nations that are part of it or will be in the near future , as well as plenty other ones such as poland , czechia , ireland , italy or spain . 
  i am not telling you how i want things to be , so do n't try to convince me what to want , i am telling you how things are - enough europeans are fundamentally opposed to turkey in the eu for basic civilizational , identity reasons that ca n't be overcome with reforms or future progress inside turkey . 
  enough european nations perceive `` european '' as intrinsic to a christian past that turkey ca n't suddenly get or manufacture . 
  enough european nations will never accept to be part of the same identity as the turks , unless they renounce their entire historical national narrative . 
  hence why , those facts above , not my personal desires or opinions , is why turkey * should n't * enter the eu if you want it to survive and evolve . 
  if you do n't want that , then sure , get them in . 
   what 's your point ? 
  i explained it here :  europe needs a common identity if its integration project is to survive . 
  we are trying to build such a common identity of `` europeans '' , and for the moment failing or gaining very minor success , despite all nations with the eu sharing all fundamental national traits - they were created as a nation on the european continent , within the christian religion , embraced the renaissance and enlightenment age ideas , and finally secularised . 
  despite sharing all of these common traits there still is too much difference on a purely national level for the nations to embrace a common european identity . 
  the efforts nontheless continue , and the common roots of all european nations is the strongest tool used to forge such an identity . 
  if you , however , add nations that do not share even this basic common root - being created in europe , as christian nations , who fully embraced the renaissance and enlightenment ideas , then it becomes close to impossible to forge a common identity . 
  even more so if this nation will actually be most likely the biggest or 2nd biggest within the union . 
  and furthermore so if its presence allianates complete an entire group of nations within the union - the balkan ones . 
   bulgaria certainly did n't have renaissance or humanist movements . 
  [ it did . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgarian_national_revival ) later than the rest of europe , but when it did it embraced fully those ideas and culture , becoming an entirely westernized nation by the end of the 19th century . 
  in fact the first constitution it adopted was the most liberal one in europe at the time - the belgian one . 
  the ideas of a secular society that is not in any way governed by religion or religious authority is firmly entreanched in bulgaria , as much as it is in france or germany . 
  not the case with turkey . 
   not that that 's relevant to the eu anyway . 
  it 's extremely relevant , as i explained in the long comment i quoted above . 
  a common identity needs as many ground , basic national traits as possible to work . 
  these are one of them . 
  all eu nations must have the basic pillars - be created in europe , as part of the christian civilization that first united the whole continent , went through a recognition of the ancient roman and greek civilizations and adopted the fundmantals of roman law and greek philosophy , and eventually ended with secularisation and democratisation . 
  if you lack even these just most basic pillars of your nation you ca n't hope to be part of a common european identity . 
  it 's difficult to create one even among nations with these fundamental similarities , it would be impossible with nations without them . 
  your sources mentions only this on gipsies :  - this was the killing - of forty mohammedan gipsies who fell into their hands . 
  these gipsies had been arming secretly , and it was suspected , but only suspected , that they were preparing to join the bashi-bazouks when seized , and on this suspicion they were killed . 
   - these were the only turks who lost their lives here , except the gipsies already spoken of , who were killed afterwards . 
   - the turks claim that fourteen mussulmans ( in part gipsies ) were killed before and during the fight . 
   - the villagers admit having killed ten turks and forty gipsies , the latter being suspected of an intention to plunder the town .
