  thousands of bulgarians volunteers during serbia 's war of independence . 
  they considered serbia a brotherhood nation . 
  in 1885 bulgaria united after russia had intetionally left it separated to use as a weak satellite . 
  the entire bulgarian army went to the turkish border because that 's where they expected an invasion . 
  instead , their `` orthodox brothers '' the serbs backstabbed them , supported by the russians who wanted to keep bulgaria small and dependent on petrograd . 
  that 's when the `` friendship '' with serbia and russia ended - when they backstabbed bulgaria , not the other way around . 
  from then on , in all the wars of the 20th century , bulgaria owed russia and serbia zero . 
  you are the traitors who put a knife in the back of bulgaria , so you ca n't expect any `` orthodox friendship '' you traitorous cunts . 
  it 's always either a serb or a russian to post the most uinformed , ridiculous bullshit . 
  syria was n't `` doing ok '' before isis - the regime had already levelled aleppo to the ground , bombed hospitals and schools and mass-murdered more of its own people than isis has to this day . 
  all because russia vetoed an intervention there , that would ' v ended the conflict at the very start . 
  isis was set up by former saddam officers who escaped iraq when the us coalition and al-maliki government destroyed the insurgency there . 
  they were funded by the saudi 's as a sunni opposition to the shia government in iraq and used that to fill their ranks with sunni arabs oppressed by al-maliki 's shia government . 
  they rose in power by riding the wave of a sunni arab uprising against the us-backed shia government in iraq . 
  that 's why the us has been bombing them for more than a year and even co-operating with its biggest enemy in the region - iran , for the first time in decades . 
  as for the eu bduiling isis , when brussels is a joke that does n't even have its own foreign policy , let alone capability to support any foreign groups - it just shows how paranoind , uneducated and frankly stupid you are . 
  they indeed are , after years of war there the only good alternative - the young and education secular syrians who first started the protests have all but died or escaped . 
  only hardline islamists remain . 
  but it was n't always like that , if there was an intervention back when it started the secular syrian protesters could ' v formed a government isntead . 
  all but a dream today . 
  history has shown russia as the biggest aggressor in eastern europe , invading and occupied dozens of nations . 
  millions have been sent to syberia to work and die by the tzars and politburo later . 
  your institutionalized corruption ruins states to this day . 
  bulgaria never did shit to russia , but russia has been harming bulgaria over and over again . 
  want to explain why russia sent serbia to invade bulgaria in 1885 when bulgaria united , if we are the ones supposedly fighting serbia and russia always ? 
  why do you write like a retard ? 
  are you 13 ? 
  there 's plenty of lovely places left that are n't like that , eg . 
  gradina , dunite , sozopol , chernomoretz etc. 
  most bulgarians go to greece to show off . 
  it 's more `` guzarsko '' to say you went there than to any of the places above . 
  inferiority complexes . 
  depends on the catholics . 
  the spanish burned heretics already in the late middle ages whilst poland had not a single religious execution even during the height of the counter-reformation . 
  same as not all muslim societies are like saudi arabia , so too not all catholic ones were like torquemada 's spain . 
  last time i checked the russian forces were there to support the dictatorship that 's been dropping barrel bombs on its own hospitals and schools . 
  you are asking people to be grateful to you personally for an event that your country opposed . 
  who exactly is the jerk here ? 
  what a moron you are - this thread is about the 1908 declaration of independence , which russia opposed , not the 1878 war that all the things you mentioned come from . 
  learn history idiot . 
  considering energy exports are the vast majority , most of those 100 billion will go in the pockets of the 100 or so russians who control 30 % of the economy through the energy companies . 
  russian society as a whole is getting poorer from the crisis , buying less and thus starving the local businesses of capital . 
  it hampers growth and destroys the middle class . 
  ( essential for any country to become developped ) the crisis only widens russia 's enormous wealth gap and pushes it more into the realm of the feudal energy state . 
  you ' r wrong . 
  russian economy is suffering as a whole , not just the ordinary russians . 
  it starves the federal budget and hampers growth , both of which decrease the kremlin 's capability for power projection . 
  `` ordinary russians '' support putin en mass . 
  this is n't the simple case of `` a mad dicatator '' - an easy excuse for the russian society . 
  putin is n't mad , he 's just using the support russian society gives him in return for him giving them the opium of nationalism and `` national revival '' of russia as a `` great power '' . 
  `` the ordinary russians '' cheer at their country taking land ( despite already being the largest in the world ) and bullying smaller states because it makes them feel more important , relevant once more , and satisfies their inferiority complex . 
  in short - fuck the `` ordinary russian '' , he deserves the shortages they get for his support for putin and his actions . 
  this is moronic . 
  life expectancy is rising and birth rates lowering - making rising the retirement age both possible and necessary . 
  not the other way around . 
  russia opposed bulgaria 's declaration of independence in 1908 , which is celebrated in this thread . 
  if you did n't do anything , why write `` you ' r wellcome '' ? 
  do n't play fool . 
  good . 
  had that happened sooner for both them and georgia , a lot of trouble for these countries would ' v been spared . 
  nato is basically the only guarantee of russia 's neighours from kremlin 's obsession with encrouching on them . 
  you , i see from your comments are russian , so why write `` you ' r wellcome '' , when russia vehemently opposed this event ? 
  i hope you are joking . 
  the christian heartlands of the eastern roman empire were the most advanced place on earth at the time . 
  then violently invaded by a bunch of arabian nomads and plucked from the christian world , which was left with its periffery . 
  muslims invaded over and over again the christian world for centuries on end - from the mid-east and north africa ( where 3 of christianity 's 5 patriarchical seats were ) , to anatolia , the balkans , spain , france , italy ... 
  it was after 400 years of continuous islamic aggression on the christian world that the first crusade came - and it too was the direct response of yet another islamic invasion , this time in the eastern byzantium . 
  all crusades against the muslims continued for 2 centuries - or half the time of the islamic aggression up to that point alone . 
  after their end the muslims continued their invasions with the ottomans , tatars and barbary pirates . 
  these 3 enslaved aprox . 
  5 milion europeans in 3 centuries and occupied vast christian territories and numerous nations in the balkans and eastern europe . 
  the history of the relationship of the christian and muslim worlds up until the modern age is one of 90 % islamic aggression vs. 10 % christian . 
  as for `` advancing science '' - the muslims merely adopted the science and achievements of the christian eastern roman empire they conquered in the mid-east and africa . 
  most of the islamic civilization is merely the adoption of eastern roman architecture , medicine , science , civil engineering etc. 
  and by the 12th century even christian world 's backwater fringes - europe , had become equally developped . 
  ( no such thing as `` dark ages '' ), 
  nations that have suffered russian influence for decades or centuries escaping that toxic relationship are `` starting problems with russia '' ? 
  how the hell do you get `` kwetwores '' to become : 1 . 
  polish society is richer than russian , with higher living standards , higher sallaries , significantly higher life expectancy , healthcare/fewer hiv/alcoholism , and ennormously less income inequality ( only 100 people in russia control more than 30 % of the wealth - 1000 times more concentration than in the us , which itself is the most unequal country of the west ) . 
  to put infrastructure and growth to all this , and its hilarious to call poland `` poor '' in comparisson to a country with an hiv epidemic , highest alcoholism death rates , lower sallaries , horrible infrastructure and staggering corruption/inequality . 
  poland makes the opposite of bad shooters - it makes some of the most original ( this war of mine ) and detailed ( witcher ) games out there . 
  sure . 
  and then fly off into the sunset . 
  where have i heard this before ... ah yeah , about 100 times last century . 
  worked out perfect each time . 
  and defeat the capitalists , and bring freedom to the oppressed masses , and end imperialism , and achieve the proletariat state ... 
  were n't there plans in place for this ? 
  reminds me of the joke , where a pole enters a czech bar and says `` szukam brata ! '', 
  you will , just the mid-eastern and african type of gypos . 
  ours at least only care about stealing your wallet and are n't radical religious extremists . 
  joke 's on you - we are n't even yet accepted to it . 
  oh ffs , here 's an article saying he lost 11 kilos after the tragedy , will that suffice for you people ? 
  indeed you are correct here . 
  there 's lots of people in the balkans who have contracted the `` serbian disease '' of being russia 's eternal lapdog . 
  it 's not about your flair , it 's about you very weak , very obviously forced arguments as to how what jaroslaw did was wrong , when he was just sparing his mother 's life whilst dying in a hispital . 
  something you 'd do yourself , yet when he does it it 's evil , cause to you he 's `` the president of poland '' , and thus all he does is bad . 
  the part that shows how pathetic you are is that he is n't even the president of poland as you wrote - the president is his brother that died . 
  your bias is starkly obvious . 
  like serbia will be this century ? 
  well if you honestly are such an `` enemy of lies and hypocrisy '' i guess me and you must have similar views about the kremlin .
