  they are n't , same as all political ideologies are n't the same , and you sound as uneducated as someone who says `` i hate politics , all political ideologies teach the same bad stuff '' . 
  i have problem with people who see domestic abuse , rape or discrimination towards women justified in particular cirmunstances , namely when they are liberal no-islamic women . 
  it does n't matter where they come from . 
  the local muslim community in bulgaria has that problem too , but it 's confined to those in the rhodope mointains more than anyone else . 
  the christians from syria i have nothing against , nor the muslims who do n't share those atttitudes i described . 
  it just so happens islam directly theologically teaches such behaviour towards women and decrees violence directly . 
  there are even verses on how exactly you ought to beat your dissobedient wife . 
  how can someone who obviously tries to be leftist not recognise the fascism in islam is beyond me . 
  you are so blinded by your desire to appear `` humane '' and have all immigrants as allies in your struggle against the right-wing , that you fail to see the very , very far-right , conservative proto-fascism within islam as an ideology and all those muslims , who are more than passive members of the community , but active practitioners of the religion . 
  that 's my point as well , you say i adhere to an ideology by taking 1 single opinion ( annexation of a neighbouring country ) , despite that ideology being something far different . 
  the correlation of one single thing does n't make you part of an ideology . 
  or else , let 's say you support single mothers should be helped by the community , and i declare you are a muslim , because islam also happens to have that one particular thing in it . 
  `` fascist '' has become a buzzword for many people , particurarly left-wing , or in the case of russia - anyone who disagrees with you . 
  i imagine serbians have taken some of that as well , being russia 's lap dog and all . 
  the original comment you are writing underneath argued against immigration and for increased birth rates . 
  so your comment , albeit upvoted , is irrelevant . 
  no one here 's defending immigration , but incetives for birth rates . 
  the point was that you ' r focusing on legaslative control of that character , when `` control '' itself can take many forms , which albeit different could lead to the same speech-restricting results . 
  if two roads are taken , but they both lead to the same place , one is not worse than the other . 
  just because you want to focus on the right-wing road to speech control does n't mean the left-wing road has n't restricted it just as much , albeit with a different approach . 
  the extend to which certain topics are taboo in western europe and you end up having 1500 child rapes in rotherdam being swept under the rug is as bad as anything that the right wing control over state owned media can do . 
  so stop trying to twist the issue to this little detail of how politics exactly can take control of media , when the actual issue is * if * . 
  and the answer is - they both have , the laft * and * the right , just in different ways . 
  left-wing governments have been seizing control over media through speech-ilimiting laws for decades now . 
  that 's why certain topics have become taboo and why we end up with even the police affraid to talk of certain social `` groups '' and their new-year 's `` adventures '' . 
  romania was n't even conceived of yet when poland and hungary had their alliance . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  that 8000 klimoetres of coastline has hundreds of airfields and military bases that can project airpower just as much as an aircraft off the coast , without the enourmous cost or the danger of being sunk together with all the planes and people on board . 
  aircraft carriers are worth their cost when projecting power globally , not along your coastline that already has airfields and a whole bunch of submarines ( 13 for turkey ) . 
  so edgy , someone shitting on his nation and country , literary never seen before . 
  most original of meme lords you are . 
  no , it was the arabs that took over the eastern roman empire 's lands in the middle east ( judea , syria , jordan ) and north africa - egypt , lybia and tunis . 
  those were christian lands and were as developped and advanced as anything that the `` arab golden age '' had , precisely because that `` golden age '' was simply a bunch of desert nomads taking advanced christian lands . 
  eastern roman empire right before islamic conquest : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ea/roman_empire_600_ad.png, 
  to you fascism is but the simple support for international military annexation ? 
  nothing about state corporatism , one party system , suspension of the universal suffrage , physical destruction of unwanted social groups , nationalisation of banks and energy industry etc. 
  etc. ? 
  just this one thing . 
  like modern russians that just use it to call anyone who takes a stance against moscow , right ? 
  i do n't even suggest you open a book , but simply google the term and list the few basic points it takes to see what fascism is and how funny it is to use it for someone who only advocates that a part of his country that was taken be returned by any means possibly . 
  like all those `` fascist '' serbs that want kosovo back . 
  except , you know , kosovo actually has another ethnicity living there , whereas macedonia just has bulgarians that belgrade brainwashed into thinking they are the ancient children of the oldest people on earth and alexander the great 's direct sons . 
  nope . 
  `` science '' as such ca n't be adhered to any one single civilization or even less so religion , having existed since the dawn of time . 
  modern science , as in the scientific method , is the product of european enlightment age . 
  the `` islamic golden age '' is the period after they conquer the most developped regions on earth - those of the eastern roman empire , and utilize what they find there . 
  they add certain minor things , but overal do n't improve much on what was already present in those lands before them . 
  mathematics and physics were well present in ancient egypt , rome and greece , but proper systematised once more in europe 's enlightment age thorugh the scientific method . 
  next thing please say vikings wore horns and medieval people thought the earth was flat . 
  more on `` islamic golden age '' here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwxttwnvwxc http://www.newenglishreview.org/norman_berdichevsky/the_myth_of_the_golden_age_of_tolerance_in_medieval_muslim_spain/, 
  your premise it does n't fit in modern humanist europe any more than islam `` or many other religions '' . 
  christianity is at the basis of modern european humanism or the idea of human rights . 
  read thomas aquinas , blaise paskal , john locke etc. 
  what would you prefer ? 
  a `` sozopol vampire '' maybe ? 
  islam very much * is * the problem . 
  it 's just that it has been completely castrated and diluted in europe 's native muslim communites after centuries . 
  what comes now to europe is n't some alien form of it , it 's the genuine , alive quranic islam , and that 's where the problems come from . 
  the fertile western shore of the peninsula , [ hejaz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hejaz ) , where the large cities like mecca and medina were , is as much fertile as judea . 
  it does have deserts very close to the east , but so does judea . 
  for the record . 
  in the end , it was just a joke . 
  is n't jesus sand jesus ? 
  good luck . 
  past ohrid-skopje-pirot , we could n't care who takes what . 
  are you sure i meant to write accommodate ? 
  it 's so far from accomodate it might as well have been a completely different word i was looking for . 
  to your world no . 
  to ours , yes . 
  same as your home problems are n't `` a big deal '' to me or `` to the world '' . 
  implying the military intentionally mass murders civilians ? 
  they could ' v just as well shot up a mosque in the us . 
  how many mosques were shot up in spain after the madrid attacks ? 
  or in the uk after london subway ? 
  or in france after paris ? 
  cause in egypt they burn coptic churches for less . 
  but sure , `` we ' r all the same '' cultural relativism et al. 
  drink the cool aid . 
  infrastructural projects tend to be the most , or the only ( depending on how corrupt the country ) , actually pragmatic and beneficial of eu funds in eastern europe . 
  because you can actually see a road and its quality , as well as use it . 
  the projects and funds that concern people , culture , `` re-entering the work force '' etc. 
  kinds where the outcome is much more theoretic and you can fake it is where the funds get pocketed by local oligarchs . 
  then he should ' v been acused of that scandal , not of defending the border . 
  the point till stands that defending one 's border does n't make you the nazi he 's been accused of being * because * of defending that border , not of the scandal you mention . 
  sometimes the world economy is a symbiosis . 
  sometimes it 's a zero sum game . 
  when they were doing great , bulgaria was losing massive ammounts of people to immigration towards there and lots of greek companies would establish monopolies in the country thanks to eu 's free market policies preventing the country from helping local businesses ( seen as protectionsim ) , and thus we 'd get local production and retail driven out of business . 
  when they would establish a monopoly they 'd then jack up the prices and start sucking out massive ammounts of capital , simultaniously creating unemployment and thus more immigrants . 
  ( one huge superstore employs less people than the 40-50 local shops it drove out of business ) since the massive crisis there this has been largely reversed . 
  tens of thousands of our immigrants there came back and are now helping ease the catastrophic demographic crisis here . 
  thousands of greeks have actually come as well , at least here in sofia i see them everywhere and work with a bunch in my company . 
  hundreds of their smal companies have moved business here , which is n't enough to drive our small business out , but does greatly increase investment . 
  meanwhile , many of their larger monopolists have suffered and given ground . 
  overal , it sounds horrible and really selfish , but the reality is that my country benefits from their crisis , same as theirs benefited from the 90s-2000s crisis of ours . 
  obviously , he 's got the polish flag . 
  any other pointless observations or are you gon na admit now you were shut right up by him ? 
  it 's that the rest of the country is dying , not that sofia is getting overcrowded . 
  i live on vitoshka blv . 
  and love that there 's people every time i go out on the street . 
  makes me feel part of a living city , rather than a village or deserted de-industrialized town .
