  the ruling class of bulgaria had slavicized as well , hence why only a few decades after the map i posted above the ruler of bulgaria boris-mihail will fund the preslav literary school in the capital and invite/sponsor the students of st. cyrill and methodius to modify the glagolithic alphabet to the slavic language of the bulgarians , hence creating the cyrillic script . 
  it was a slavo-thracian country , population * and * ruling class carrying the name of the bulgars , by the time of the above map and certainly a few decades later . 
  hence why no trace at all of the turkic bulgar remains apart from their name , not even in historical records anywhere after the 8th century , unlike the lithuanians who fully exist as a nation , culture , language and people . 
  they were not assimilated by the slavs in the grand dutchy - the bulgars absolutely and fully were in bulgaria , as early as the late 8th and 9th centuries . 
  and as i explained already this entire argument is pointless and useless to the fact that we are speaking english here , and in the english language the country is called frankish empire , ergo making the correct etymological word of it - franko/franco something . 
  where ? 
  i ca n't be offended by this since i 'm polish . 
  i just live here and have studied bulgarian history during my ba and ma degrees in poland , the uk and belgium . 
  the bulgars were either a turkic or an irannic tribe , you are correct , and i still fail to see any relevance to the map or even to what you just wrote . 
  the bulgars came in small numbers as a ruling elite in 681 ad and established a feudal country over the majority of local population south of the danube , who were latinized and hellenized thracians plus a considerable ammount of recently settled slavs . 
  the bulgars were assimilated very quickly and only left their name on the new country . 
  said country however spoke entirely a slavic language , observed thracian traditions many of which still live today , and was inhabited by local , indigenous people who had no connection to the central asians or the turks , as genetic studies of bulgaria show even today . 
  ergo , bulgaria in 800ad was a slavic/thracian medieval state soon to become orthodox and create the slavic cyrillic script used by almost 200 million slavs today , and as such entirely the ancestor of modern day bulgarians , not a turkic country like the ~ 20,000 bulgars who came 150 years prior to that and only left their name . 
  judging by your flare it would seem you are the offended one that the turanist conspiracy theories which claim half the world as turkic are n't really holding up to the facts of history . 
  obviously i got that . 
  i did n't understand how is that a retort or a point to make here , as it seems when one formulates it with `` meh ... actually something something '' it 's like writing `` meh , the climate was colder back then '' . 
  it just makes no sense and seems entirely random , despite written as if to retort something . 
  of course the original bulgars were most likely turkic - what does it have to do with my map and post ? 
  yes ? 
  did you read my reply to you ? 
  yet in the modern day english language we refer to it as the frankish empire , not german one , so anything related to it has to be franco/franko - something . 
  germans can keep their demands to when speaking german . 
  meaning ? 
  you confuse the second bulgarian empire , the one that was founded by the asen brothers , whom they consider to have been vlach . 
  ( actually they were ethnic cumans given the social status of a bulgarian boyar/nobility family in what would later be vallachia ) there is no contest of the first bulgarian empire . 
  i mean better in terms of portraying bulgaria . 
  pence is notorious for excusing electroshock therapy for homosexuals - something clearly defined by the classical liberal definition of western values as a violation of a person and his freedom * from * something . 
  ergo , by the very definition of what i ' v written here i have condemned pence 's position as contrary to western values . 
  same as demanding a freedom * to * something is contrary to it . 
  i see historical maps quite often including vassals as territories of said countries . 
  in any case , here 's a better one : http://brewminate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/berger15.jpg, 
  i prefer [ this one ] ( http://brewminate.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/berger15.jpg ) , for obvious reasons . 
  your map also includes the pecheneg vassals of bulgaria in its borders , and their lands did extend to as far as kiev . 
  i ca n't exactly see on my map if it is included or understand those strange small `` islands '' of yellow across the dnepr , so feel free to ignore them . 
  it would still make mine and your maps different by a degree of maybe 5 % . 
  those are almost identical when you look at the geographic elements such as rivers . 
  my map is a generally distorted proportion of the continent east to west , hence making all look bigger in that direction . 
  they can without `` gay rights '' , which is specifically a movement to extend an purely governmental institution existing for tax and reproduction purposes onto people of the same sex . 
  hence it 's a movement aimed at receiving some benefit or institution they currently do not have , which constitutes a freedom * to * something . 
  and as i already explained classical european liberalism , which is what defines `` western values '' , does n't recognize freedoms * to * things and privileges , only freedoms * from * . 
  for example , the freedom * not * to be forced by the government to marry a person of the opposite sex . 
  which is not happening . 
  the freedom * to * marry someone of the same sex is a pursuit of acquiring something , not a fight against something being forced upon you . 
  hence not part of what is understood in political science as `` western values '' . 
  albania , eastern ukraine and bohemia have less in common than countries put in separate graphs , like spain-france , or northern italy - switzerland/austria , or denmark-germany . 
  it makes no sense . 
  it can when one is talking ... of the bloody cold war , communism and the current nostalgia or feelings felt towards it by old and new generations in said countries . 
  not according to the cold war definition of it , which is what 's relevant in the current topic and with regards to talking about communism and any nostalgia over it . 
  even bohemia is `` eastern europe '' in this regard . 
  ( cry me a river czechs ), 
  well that 's because my original comment here was precisely about semantics . 
  which matter . 
  `` western values '' is at least a narrowly defined ( according to some a well defined ) concept , so it 's worth arguing if someone uses it wrongly . 
  our civilization is based on them after all . 
  ( for the time being ), 
  according to classical european liberalism one can only have a freedom * from * , not a freedom * to * . 
  the government does n't stop you from marrying in a religious or personal ceremony , or whatever other type of private contract you want to enter with someone that would represent your idea of a marriage . 
  it does n't prevent you from living with someone , being a family and socially presenting this . 
  it simply does n't extend an institution it keeps for taxation and reproduction purposes to all . 
  you could argue against this , of course , and claim it would be * better * if this institution was given to all , but you ca n't claim this has to do with the classical european understanding of western values or freedom , which are fundamentally about different things . 
  `` western values '' are the scientific method , personal property and capitalism , freedom from government persecution , violence and censorship . 
  period . 
  gay rights came about 30-40 years ago , certainly have a long way to go before they are ingrained as core western values . 
  no , we are instead talking about a principle here , of personal freedom and excessive government control . 
  how about no one , including my political opponents , are told what kind of views they can and ca n't express ? 
  something , something classical european liberalism , something something voltaire ... 
  did i write all or 1 % ? 
  with 4 billion people packed into a continent hit the hardest by climate change , soil degradation and all the conflicts these will cause , you are certain not even barely 1 % will decide to save themselves in europe ? 
  it 's coming honey , peak progressivism soon . 
   in canada [ they just passed the bill ] ( https://www.lifesitenews.com/news/canadian-bill-opposing-transgenderism-will-put-you-in-jail ) that will jail people who refuse to use a person 's preffered pronoun , and those were just a few examples . 
  [ new york ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2016/05/17/you-can-be-fined-for-not-calling-people-ze-or-hir-if-thats-the-pronoun-they-demand-that-you-use/ ) already did that , and proposals for the same have been put forward in numerous states and cities in the us . 
  it 's just a whiff of what the progressives are pushing now and will come to you same as all their previous agendas have in the past decades . 
  i am talking about us here in backwards eastern europe catching up on our own pace to the progressive ways of the west . 
  did n't you see what i replied to ? 
  at some point a good ammount of the entire planet 's population might be eligible for assylum under its conditions and current interpretations . 
  and each society ought to draw a line in the sand how much it is willing to give itself and its land up for the sake of upholding those . 
  when africa reaches 4 billion people by 2100 , i am not prepared to accept even 1 % of them in europe , and that 's how most people on the continent feel as well . 
  you think europe should take in all people who are `` oppressed '' around the world ? 
  of course , but what i am saying is use other arguments to criticize any given such `` flag '' , other than the false `` it is the cause of all war '' , because this simply is n't true . 
  war is intrinsic to humans as a species , same as in many other species . 
  we can eliminate it by focusing on said intrinsic nature of ours and the accompanying tribalism , not by falsely thinking it will end right after we destroy religion ... and then after we destroy nazism ... aaaand then marxism ... aaand then corporate greed ... aaand then this and then that - it will never end if we chase after the unending pretexts and flags that can be made in the name of our intrinsic tribalism . 
  if you want to destroy religion , nazism , marxism , democracy or any other ideology - do it on the basis of arguments inherent in said ideology , specific things , not the broad , simple and plainly wrong `` it causes war '' . 
  no , we - humans , cause war and always have , before religion , before modern politics , before everything else . 
  feel free to fight said ideologies above on their specific faults , just do n't perpetuate the delusion that they are the cause of war , thus covering for the true perpetrator - human nature and its intrinsic , basic , evolutionary tribal instincts . 
  it 's astonishingly baffling how naive so many modern day `` edgy '' atheists are of the concept of tribalism and how central it has been to conflict through human history . 
  the `` imaginary friend '' has nothing to do with this , religion is just one possible flag of tribalism , destroy it and people will kill each other just as much for other such flags , up to the largest wars and genocides in human history carried out in the name of new , post-religious ideologies , like nazism , communism etc. 
  get your head out of your ass or we will never end war and conflict if we blame it on the wrong sources . 
  we can only hope for the day we might get arrested for not calling someone `` zyn/zer '' or any other preferred pronoun . 
  what was ? 
  the eruption itself was a nuclear test ? 
  got any sources ? 
   what are you going to do vaclav , shoot them all ? 
  yes . 
  why ? 
  did i at any point call you these things ? 
  there is no such thing as `` reddit '' you are arguing with , there are multiple individuals you engage in conversation with here , none of which connected to each other . 
  stop whinging like a bitch , i have n't attacked or insulted you in any way , so do n't bring up what others have written here . 
  i expressed why i believe it should be illegal , if you agree with me then there 's nothing to discuss . 
  have a great day . 
  then this is the crux of what we disagree on - you see as `` only drawbacks '' some pragmatic problems a person might have when deprived of parts of his body , like in this case the nipples .
