  next thing we 'll control the prices of goods , vacations , cars , shops , restaurants ... and might as well just transition into planned economy . 
  it worked miracles for eastern europe . 
  said plenty of ukrainians thinking like you before 2014 i bet ... 
  that 's bad . 
  so the oldest `` non-city-state-micro-country '' with the oldest name . 
  two big differences . 
  one is more recent - since the late medieval times bulgarian language lost , as the guy wrote , it 's grammatical cases in favour of analytic word postitions , so for example whilst `` t\u0119sknieniom '' means `` of the greifs '' in polish ( one word ) , in bulgarian it is '' \u043d\u0430 \u043b\u0438\u043f\u0441\u0438\u0442\u0435 '' ( na lipsite ) - so also not one word , but a construct of more , as in english . 
  the other difference is older - bulgaria was established in 681 ad by the bulgars , who were a nation of arguably iranic origin , whose country `` old bulgaria '' near modern day crimea was destroyed . 
  they mixed with the slavs south of the danube and made the bulgarian nation , which is therefore not entirely slavic as the poles or czechs for example , but a combination of the iranic bulgarians and the local slavs and thracians . 
  thus many words and parts of the grammar in bulgarian differ substantially from other slavic lanugages . 
  sunny beach and golden sands are the two most popular resorts , you ' v somewhat mixed the names into one . 
  not just beach , mountain resorts are quite full in winter too . 
  i guess it 's because bulgaria is as cheap as romania , but as sunny and warm in the summer as greece , so the combination of the two makes it so popular . 
  many countries have acted against us , but none so many times and so consistently as russia . 
  a brief recap of the more memorable times : - even before liberation we were struggling for an independent bulgarian church . 
  russia opposed all our efforts and we won autochthony despite their staunch support for the greek church over ours . 
  - after the 13th russo-ottoman war , which they fought in 1878 simply to expand their influence in the balkans , they gave our northern dobrudja to the romanians in exchange for receiving bessarabia from them . 
  - barely 7 years after our liberation , when we united with rumelia , russia declared immediately against us . 
  they withdrew their entire officer staff which was training the army and pressured the ottoman empire to attack and restore the berlin congress map . 
  the ottomans refused due to their own problems at the time , so russia instead pressured their faithful satellite in the balkans - serbia . 
  it 's all very well documented by the way in king milan 's correspondence with the tzar . 
  we barely united in 1885 because of russia 's attempt at stopping this . 
  when we miraculously kicked the serbs out it was again the russians ( and the austrians ) who threatened us not to march on belgrade , and them who demanded a status quo be signed , rather than us taking land from the backstabbing serbs as they would in the future . 
  - as a result of our disobedience towards russia in uniting our best ruler since medieval times - batenberg , was forced to abdicate . 
  they also meddled directly in our country in the next few decades organizing russophilic coup-de-tat . 
  - when we declared independence in 1908 try and guess which country first opposed this ? 
  - when we were organizing the balkan league against the ottomans it was russia working closely with the austrians to undermine this , since they both wanted the ottomans left intact to deal with them themselves . 
  - when our army was nearing constantinople in 1912 it was the russians who warned us not to move any further or they would declare war , since they had an interest in the straits themselves . 
  - when we were fighting the next year against the serbs and greeks for our part of macedonia it was the russians who declared again against us and in favour of them , and them who gave the romanians guarantees for post-war land grab should they attack us . 
  again russia was at the signing of the peace treaty and made sure we lost southern doubrudja . 
  ( the northern part also they gave to the romanians in 1878 ) - in the first world war they invaded dobrduja , pillaged , looted and murdered until general kolev kicked them out with our cavalry army . 
  - after becoming the ussr they immediately started organizing terrorist cells in bulgaria , which eventually led to the biggest terrorist attack in our history - the bombing of st. nedelia church in 1925 . 
  it was an entirely organized and paid act by moscow . 
  - they continued to organize the bolshevik terrorists during the 1930s and destabilize our country . 
  despite all of those things i just listed and many more our country was still too grateful for the war of 1878 and decided not to declare war in the second world war . 
  we were still too grateful and kept all diplomatic relations , despite all those times they acted against us . 
  and how did this end ? 
  they invaded in 1944 . 
  they killed 60,000 of our intellectual elite . 
  they stole the entire 32 tonne gold reserve . 
  they forced us to pay up until 1952 huge sums to cover their own military occupation of our country . 
  they took us out of the developing , free world and turned into a shitty copy of their siberian industrial towns - with disgusting blocks , inefficient heavy plants and collective agriculture . 
  this all resulted in the eventual collapse of the system they put in place , the emigration of 2 million people and the poverty of the rest today . 
  even after the collapse of the system they still keep meddling in our affairs - funding parties like ataka and bsp to keep their interests here , mainly holding us hostage of their energy monopoly that forces us to pay huge prices . 
  and after all of this there are still in this country spineless whores who kiss russia 's ass . 
  it 's like a person being freed from a cage from another , then raped by him repeatedly over and over and finally asked to still be grateful for the release from the cage . 
  no , thanks . 
  after russia raped my country consistently for 120 years i have no more gratitude left for 1878 . 
  those who do i consider spineless traitors . 
  i 'm not sure what history books you ' v been reading ( perhaps communist era ones ) , but there has n't been a country more consistently acting against bulgaria in the past 120 years than russia . 
  what they ' v done to render bulgaria weak and partitioned within their sphere is quite well documented and you should ' v learned it at school . 
  bulgaria earns $ 3,283,857,143 annually from tourism in a country of 7 million . 
  romania gets $ 1,370,142,857 in a country of 20 million . 
  it 's quite logical this would mean much a much greater proportion in bulgaria than in romania . 
  lol , he had the chance to surrender , but instead chose to kiss ass ? 
  :d do you see waht you write ? 
  surrendering is kissing someone 's ass - in the most treacherous of ways possible . 
  instead they chose to not let hitler turn bulgaria into a bloodbath like the general government or yugoslavia . 
  they chose to save millions of bulgarians and even managed to unite the country with its ethnic territories in macedonia and dobrudza . 
  all this they achieved whilst resisting hitler 's demands for soldiers to his fronts . 
  bulgarians did n't fight hitler 's war , they refused to even declared war on the ussr , yet managed to both save the country from his destruction and unite with bulgaria 's lost territories . 
  this is all quite the success and takes a lot of intelligence and courage to achieve in the situation they were in . 
  only thing they could n't predict is the ussr would declare war out of nowhere on the 5th of september - which was after bulgaria had broken all relations with hitler , expulsed the german troops from the country and sued for peace with the us and britain . 
  so do n't try blaming others for ussr 's aggression . 
  let alone for the horrible crimes they committed ones they had taken bulgaira . 
  i do n't believe you can hate a state , because a state does not exist as a separate entity - only people do . 
  if people run a state in a particular manner it can make you hate it or love it . 
  a secular , modern , peaceful turkey would n't be hated by anyone , not even the biggest balkan nationalists . 
  an increasingly islamist , authoritarian turkey with neo-osmanist tendencies can and will be hated , for natural reasons . 
  i 'm not telling you not to celebrate it , i 'm telling you not to say it 's irrational for me to hate you for it . 
  same as it is n't irrational for an algerian to hate those who celebrate the french empire , for an indian to hate those who celebrate the british empire or for a jew to hate those who celebrate the third reich . 
  half are poles or lithuanians . 
  the commonwealth stronk !, 
  to be fair it 's pointless to expect the government to provide a policy that is constructive for the entire country , since the people who are in government ( from all parties ) are all part of the same communist nomenclature that existed before . 
  pretty much all of them have relatives who were in the high ranking positions of power , then fled the country with all the money and finally came back as `` businessmen '' , buying anything left of the state property for pennies . 
  they built up an oligarchy that controls the political life of the country through its economic power - achieved through robbing the very system they controlled . 
  so in the end , you might as well tell your friends there is no such thing as `` ours '' and `` theirs '' - \u0411\u0421\u041f and \u0413\u0415\u0420\u0411 , as well as almost all main political parties are the same group of people and heirs of communist apartchiks , simply vying for power through parties with different names and colours . 
  the leader of \u0413\u0415\u0420\u0411 , for example , and pretty much boss of the country atm - boyko borisov , was personal bodyguard to the communist dictator todor zivkov and then `` a prosperous businessmen '' during the 90s . 
  whereas the party your wife calls `` our people '' has the highest number of millionaires and billionaires in the country , all achieved through selling off the factories , plants , mines and properties right after the fall . 
  yet they have the audacity to use the misery of the 90s and 2000s as a political tool `` look how bad it is now , how good was when our party ruled during socialism '' - when in fact it 's so bad mainly because they ruined the country , they sold it to themselves and they keep leeching out of it . 
  yet , you see , nostalgia is just too strong with some people and they 'd rather remember their youth fondly than try and find out the ugly through about socialism , the people who built it and the people who turned it into today 's crony capitalism . 
  which is the same people . 
  the people who did n't declare war against the ussr even though pressured by hitler ? 
  the people who made bulgarian the only axis country that kept full diplomatic relations with moscow during the war ? 
  the people who refused to send a single soldier on the eastern front , even though threatened with occuaption by hitler ? 
  you try using those people to justify the eternal russian expansionism , by which we were decalred war against on the 5th of september 1944 and occupied on the 9th ? 
  do you also blame those people for the fact they took our 32 tonne gold reserve , murdered 60,000 of the intellectual elite and doomed our country poverty and collapse by building soviet-style economy ? 
  first of all , i do not project it to turks , but as i clearly stated - to those turks who glorify the ottoman empire , who dress as ottoman soldeirs in parades and marches , and to those who speak of its re-establishment ( neo-osmanism , something davtoglu was talking about ) . 
  second of all , i never wrote any such things about race , jews or greeks , so please check who you ' r answering to . 
  it 's because the country got completely decimated by the fall of communism . 
  to the undedicated it 's easy to make the deduction communism must ' v been good if its fall was so bad . 
  difficult to explain to them it was the very system that was imposed on us in 1944 that is to blame for the collapse as well . 
  after 45 years of brainwashing few of them know we were invaded , occupied , our 32 tonne gold reserve taken to the ussr , our intellectual elite massacred . 
  the nostalgia of those times does n't know the country bankrupted 3 times between 1950 and 1989 . 
  that all those factories they worked in were actually working on a loss due to inefficiency and lack of new technologies . 
  that fact that the country was but a facade on chicken legs - no actual substance to our economy due to the inefficiency of socialism . 
  and that in the end it was the same people who ruled during communism that robbed the country and became the new `` elite '' . 
  to them communism and `` transition '' are two separate things , when in fact they are the same period of rule by the same group of people who came in 1944 . 
  and worst of course are the idiots who worship the place our catastrophe came from - russia . 
  the place that invaded us in 1944 and made sure we are the mess we are today .
