  the pope is apologizing for actions the vatican specifically excomunicated people for ? 
  where 's the logic ? 
  should the patriarch apologize for actions of russian communist criminals cause they simply come from an orthodox country , despite not being in the church ? 
  hey hungary , howbout some ... planes and chill tonight ? 
  it 's the same temperature and beaches , so it all depends on the resorts . 
  overal it has nothing on them cause there 's nowhere near as many nice resorts , but comparing places like sunny beach and nesebar to the med resorts there 's little difference . 
  and that 's really all i care when i 'm there , not how many overall there are on the entire black sea vs med . 
  no one disputes macedonians today or their right to self determinaton , hence waving around the un is worthless in a historical argument . 
  history continues to exist , regardless how it ends . 
  it egsists in historical sources and documents , so if a group of people identified as x up until a few generations ago , this is n't changed at all by the fact they identify as y today . 
  you ca n't change history based on what eventually happened and current politics , as macedonia constantly tried to do . 
  for the sake of building a national identity * today * you lay claim and falsify things from the past , such as building monuments to an ancient person from 2300 years ago , who never spoke a word of your language or even set foot in your country . 
  ( alexander lived in what is modern day northern greece , never set foot in skopje , where his monuments stand like a grotesque kitch propaganda ) just because today you identify as separate macedonian nation and have the city of ohrid for example , you falsify a bulgarian ruler , who signed as tsar of bulgaria and was recognised as such by the world is actually a `` macedonian ruler '' . 
  ( samuil ) you basically take any person in history who lived in your region and automatically put a modern , 21st century stamp on him as if he had the same identity as you do today , despite ovewhelming historical data that he actually idenfied as something else . 
  that 's my point - be who ever you want to be and have your country , just leave history alone and do n't use it tailer your own national version just because you lack national history before the 20th century . 
  nicer than on 40 \u00b0 beaches on our seaside ? 
  lol, 
  every part of the world shits on every other part of the world for some thing or another . 
  there 's no region that does n't have glaring faults some other region can shit on them for . 
  spain 's not worst than , say , germany for lack or abundance of things to shit on them , no matter where you come from . 
  besides , mine was an obvious joke , not serious `` shitting '' , i love spain . 
  lol hahah huehuehue jokey-pokey m8 is what i mean , what does it look like, 
  the thing that 's ironic in this particular instance is that bulgaria only went to war in all cases after 1912 for the goal of unifying with macedonia - where aprox . 
  25 % of the entire nation lived . 
  serbs hate bulgaria for being attacked by it , yet they were attacked by it due to serbia 's annexation of macedonia . 
  there was zero reason for bulgaria to ever side against the serbs had they got the number one thing they went to war in 1912 - macedonia . 
  the point of a forum is to share different thesis , arguments and counter-arguments . 
  even the most controversial argument is preferable to spamming or insulting people with zero contribution to the thread . 
  have a wonderful day . 
  thank you for your contribution to this thread . 
  certainly do n't hate entire groups of people . 
  no nation `` writes its history '' - history happened , it 's objective and a matter of archeological and written sources . 
  anyone can discover history or make claims , if he has the right proof . 
  a nigerian can make claims on russia history if he has the right sources and they will be more valid than the claims made by a russian with weak sources or none . 
  the history of macedonia in the past 1300 years is my history and of all bulgarians , since the region was firmly inhabited by a bulgarian majority and part of our states . 
  hence the proces of fabricating a separate , regional identity into a national one , by claiming a lot of history from other nations and twisting historical facts , is also * my * history . 
  read more about it here : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3e60jm/when_did_macedonia_become_a_primarily_slavic/ctc9p8x, 
  hurr durr the whole world circle-jerking over facts about our `` nation '' not existing as such 70 years ago . 
  how dare day , everyone steals our history , macedon n1 oldest nation on earth , alexander spoke slavic ... 
  i ' v argued that in all the other comments here , would hapily answer any counter arguments you give there . 
  jesus , honestly one of my greatest fears ... ... living in spain . 
  i agree , the comintern was the driving force behind the project for a separate `` macedonian nation '' and the decision was made in moscow , not belgrade . 
  what you describe is the etymology , not the legality of the titles . 
  that the slavic word for `` king '' comes from the personal name of a person who ended up as emeperor , does n't change the fact that in the feudal medieval system king in catholic states stood on the same level as grand prince/grand duke ( knyaz/velikiy knyaz ) in orthodox ones , whilst emperor was the one that stood on the same level as tsar . 
  i 'm taking law here , not semantics . 
  knyaz boris was on the level of catholic kings once he adopted christianity and was crowned by the patriarchy . 
  simeon i elevated one step above that by becoming tsar , thus equal not to the kings , but to the emperors of byzantium and the holy roman empire . 
  i 'm asking in the context of there actually being such a `` marshall plan '' , not advocating for it . 
  precisely . 
  by `` people '' i mean albanian scholars who try to lay claim on alexander the great as an illyrian . 
  hence why i put ( disputed ) to avoid any objections by them , but in any case - hellenic or illyric , the point is it was an ancient state with nothing to do with the much-later arriving slavs or the current bulgarian by ancestry population there . 
  long story short - the international comintern took the decision to create a distinct nationality out of the regional bulgarian identity to qualm bulgaria 's irredentism that made it go to war for macedonia 4 times between 1912 and 1941 . 
  my more comprehensive post on the whole process you can read here : https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/3e60jm/when_did_macedonia_become_a_primarily_slavic/ctc9p8x, 
  a contradiction . 
  the entire teaching of christ is the epitome of humanism and christian theology was the basis for people like thomas of aquinas to try and justify the concept of human rights in an age utterly devout of such . 
  hence why christ is also accepted as a humanist philosopher by the `` christian atheists '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_atheism, 
  not you , the ottomans , right ? 
  never met a serbian who recognises macedonia was historically ours before the annexation of the balkan wars . 
  there was no way , according to you that the republic could have turned into a soviet based republic ? 
  can you then explain the soviet revolution of 1934 in asturias against the legit elected right government ? 
  maybe the one following the `` educaci\u00f3n para la ciudadan\u00eda '' is you , and you still believe that the second republic was an idilic landscape of liberal democracy . 
  you are following the classic modern propaganda claiming that the revolution of 1934 was something minimal while it was , indeed , a failed coup de etat . 
  by the way supported by the , according to you , moderates , ugt and psoe . 
  if by `` westernize '' you mean adopting the concepts of human rights , equality , respect for women , abolition of legal paedophilia or adoption of rational-based education and scientific methods - this all began whilst europe was firmly in its christian-dominated era , and has much of its roots in christian theologians ( like thomas aquinas ) , philosophers ( like john locke ) and catholic universities . 
  ( like pretty much every single one ), 
  implying the eu does n't benefit from a good relationship with a placated gulf states/sa and needs to be a puppet of the us to do that . 
  get real , we 're not the victim of a controlling washington , we 're as much mercantile as they are and conciously make those business geo-political decisions like sucking up to the oil-rich countries . 
  ( even more so than the us , because unlike them we do n't have huge oil reserves and production ), 
  no , orthodox states do n't have the equivalent of king , which is in catholic countries is simply a duke that got crowned by the pope to have the legal authority to rule over other dukes . 
  this in orthodox states is the equivalent of `` grand duke/grand prince '' , or `` velik knyaz '' . 
  above that is tsar , a title literary meaning caeasar which simeon i of bulgaria gave himself ( and was recognised by the constantinople patriarch ) , when he expanded the state to the prominance of the roman empire at the time and well above that of the contemporary catholic kings or orthodox grand dukes , hence aquiring a title that was legally higher than those . 
  much later , in modern history when the feudal legality of titles no longer applied , did tsar serve the same meaning as king - monarch , of limited power , in bulgara . 
  ( 1878-1944 ) in medieval times it was a title with entirely different legal power and status . 
  what my arguments above point is to the fact the communists had a much stronger presence before the coup than you attribute and were as determined on overthrowing the republic and bringing soviet system as franco was . 
  ( and as capable ) he just beat them to it , hence becoming the lesser evil . 
  ( note i still call him evil , as i would rather a democratic burgeoise republic ) furthermore , he is a lesser evil for the fact he kept spain out of the war , which is something neither the communists , nor the republic would do . 
  only macedonia was never a country before the 20th century , apart from a very ancient macedon kingdom that was hellenic/illyric ( disputed ) and has nothing to do with the slavic ( bulgarian until yugoslav nation building ) population of modern macedonia . 
  all the other statesa are actual historical entities that existed before the ottomans , and before most european countries for that matter . 
  bulgaria being the oldest state in europe with the same name . 
  ( 681 ad - 1389 ad ; then 1878-present ), 
  tsardom means empire . 
  we also call our states tsardoms and they translate as empires in english , since `` tsar '' ( deriving from caesar ) was the legal equivalent of the roman emperor , above the king . 
  the pce , openly pro-soviet , managed to exterminate in spain all the trotsky influence by killing members of poum ( trotskyist ) . 
  this shows how , tough small , ideologically strong and soviet supported the pce was . 
  the next interesting element is that the revolution of the 36 was against the frente popular , of which one member was the pce . 
  true that is was not the most relevant , but yes the most compact and strategically motivated . 
  after the coup de etat , the first reaction of both psoe and pce was to fully adopt the parameters of the soviet union . 
  and finally , there was a significant part of the members of ugt and psoe that were prosoviet . 
  just look the propaganda of the psoe president of the republic during the war : http://postimg.org/image/euj0sgpc7/, 
  depends if the number of people who suffered that is smaller than the one if the alternative had come to be . 
  when you compare the numbers of franco 's and pinochet 's regimes with those of the soviet-dominated states , as spain was about to be with the strong support of the ussr for the local marxists , it sure looks like the lesser evil . 
  how much of that would be provided by the stinking-rich gulf states and sa , who are largely responsible for fueling the conflicts there and arming groups ? 
  the necessary lesser evil to save spain from what happened to us and the rest of `` socialist paradises '' . 
  thank him you are n't a country of 100 $ pensions before you start listing all the bad things he did . 
  same with pinochet . 
  natural for whom ? 
  it 's fallen even more than 50 % in eastern europe after the total anarchy and mafia wars of the 90s , but we 're still lower than the us , which is like 50 times richer per capita . 
  i absolutely do not wonder why people downvote me nor do i object , as you can see in my edit . 
  i call anyone who shares the ideas and values of podemos ( and the radical far left ) scum . 
  how big of a chunk of any given society that is is n't of any interest .
