  the cyrillic was created by their students after their death in the preslav literary school in the first bulgarian empire . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glagolitic_alphabet http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_cyrillic_alphabet http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/preslav_literary_school, 
  we are stubborn and slow to learn from past mistakes . 
  which is why we tried it 3 more times , with equal success . 
  no worries , better luck next time , without germany . 
  because , according to the atheist bible i suppose , enlightenment equals anti-theism . 
  even though most of its thinkers were religious . 
  even though the best of them included even priests . 
  even though christian philosophy was at the core of some its leading ideas . 
  sure . 
  i tip my fedora to you , enlightened one . 
  islam is diverse . 
  islam is differently interpreted . 
  islam encompasses a vast number of people , most of whom peaceful . 
  islam should not be confused with the wahhabis of saudi arabia , who only tarnish its name . 
  islam includes people of various cultures , races , nationalities and traditions ... blah blah and so forth . 
  have played that game a few times and it 's just the traditional relativis argument . 
  we can play dumb or we can talk straight - she 's the wife of the president who moves turkey firmly into the realm of conservative islamism , which brings a whole array of stuff one can read about on turkish news . 
  she 's dressed not just in a simple scarf , but entire attire that represents nothing but the centuries long tradition of the female place in islamic society . 
  a society i believe diametrically opposite to most of europe 's norms , values and laws . 
  a society i wish completely non-existent in europe . 
  thankfully , it all looks like it soon wo n't be judging by the changing attitudes of most europeans . 
  if i were to take your premise i 'd still be right to consider islamism and even islam itself incompatible with european civilization - it being secular and progressive , islamism being the opposite . 
  but still your premise is wrong and obviously based on not being acquainted with the works of the people who shaped over the centuries european political and social philosophy - like paul of tarsus , william of ockham , john duns , desiderius erasmus , thomas aquinas , john calvin , martin luther , john locke and so many more christians or often even priests , who are at the core of most of europe 's ideas by being derived from christianity , rather than the result of a separation from it . 
  in reality , europe - it 's culture , people and great philosophers were all overwhelmingly christian up until the 19th century , so by discarding christianity as european you are discarding pretty much 99 % of europe 's creations before the 19th century . 
  regardless how much `` edgy '' teen atheists want it to be so , religion is a major part of european civilization , of its history , culture , traditions , mentality , values and laws . 
  one religion in particular . 
  and when another religion comes , with many ideas and values diametrically opposite to what we ' v accepted and developed in europe there certainly is a clash , with religion at the centre of it . 
  stop with the cultural relativism and face the reality that islamism as an ideology is fundamentally incompatible with european culture and civlization . 
  stop pretending like this clothing represents nothing more than a fashion choice , like it 's between choosing a red purse or a green shirt . 
  it represents far more than that , a whole set of ideas , traditions and ideological values , which are pretty much at the core of political debates and social clashes all over the middle east and as far as western europe . 
  it 's not her clothes that are the problem , it 's the ideology those clothes are worn to represent and promote , and people who disagree with that ideology have all the right to point out at people who promote it or speak up against it . 
  both http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/c/ce/bulgarian-exarchate-1870-1913.jpg, 
  he 's an idiot and wrong about the eu , but are we really that far gone now we call `` neo-nazis '' anyone outside of the moderate centre of the political spectrum ? 
  unless the majority of the population are over 70 years old , they are n't `` transplanted '' from anywhere but born and raised there 2nd , 3rd or even most recently 4th generation . 
  yeah but you did the second one did n't you moderfokas ... 
  yet it is n't the borders you quoted above , but the waste of money it is and how much is lost through the burreaucracy . 
  the exact same argument anarchists make of every state burreaucracy . 
  how is the one in london more efficient , more transparant or less `` wasteful '' of revenue than the one in brussels ? 
  when i studied in coventry they wasted 16 million pounds to build a pedestrian bridge over the city-center 's ringroad ... right * over * a predestrian underpass . 
  a perfectly lit underpass with bike lanes and cameras . 
  know why ? 
  cause some mums complained they did n't feel comfortable taking the underpass . 
  that 's the kind of absolute waste that 's going on on the lowest , city-council level , you can only imagine ( or even better - read about ) the kind that goes on a national level . 
  so next time you use the wasting money argument remember it is a double-edged knife and not one that helps you promote leaving the eu in any way , considering the uk neither contributes that much to it , nor has an administration that is any more efficient . 
  same arguments can be made , and are made by anarchists , about every state structure . 
  go talk to your local radical left-wing anarchists and hear the exact same arguments against the state as you make about the eu . 
  there never was a concentrated effort to change the turkish names back to bulgarian ones . 
  despite the turkish effort to do the reverse during the occupation . 
  what ? 
  what are you on about - what has your sentance to do with how much the uk contribues overal to the eu budget - something you first mentioned ? 
  what ?!, 
  i had to check this cause i did n't believe the numbers , but it turns out thats correct - the uk , the second largest economy and soon to be second largest nation only contributed # 8.5 billion , out of a budget of [ 162.27334 billion eur in 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/annual/index_en.cfm?year=2015 ) !, 
  why , again , are people saying that the eu will lose `` all that money the uk pays to the eu '' if it 's actually such a tiny percentage ? 
  morocco is a pretty nice place actually . 
  no idea why you 'd put it together with places like birmingham . 
  there 's something called collective knowledge . 
  what the entirety of human knowledge of the world around us is . 
  the level of education in one country or another is irrelevant to this . 
  what you describe is the social progress , and it 's entirely a separate issue from scientific research . 
  you ca n't stop scientific research for the sake of social progress . 
  nor should you , since a lot of the social progress comes thank to scientific progress . 
  from vaccines , to modern medicine , energy , industry et al - scientific progress has pushed social progress in the past 100 years beyond anything we ' v had before . 
  and yet there are marginal `` minds '' that would stop this for the sake of sounding `` social '' . 
  in the context of what we talk of here : we know more of the natural world next generation than we did before . 
  what 's `` responsible '' about cutting all research and scientific funding ? 
  of people who 'd make sure we were still in the dark ages and died of cholera by the millions if they ruled the world . 
  thankfully , your kind is usually socially marginal . 
  i clearly state scientific progress . 
  that 's the goal of the village - a scientific experiment that will be staffed by researchers and push our knowledge . 
  it will be funded by the same scientific funding we allocate now , not by draining money from the wellfare systems of states like poland . 
  so i ask again - are we meant to stop scientific progress , scrap the research funding we allocate now , and send it all to the poor people ? 
  instead of trying to be a smartass how about make an open , constructive statement and clearly say what alternative you propose . 
  humans cut all scientific , research and experimentation funding untill all people on earth are taken out of poverty ? 
  or maybe at least those in poland ? 
  the existance of poverty has never stopped human experimentation and progress . 
  if we lived by the rule of not spending money onto progress and science until every single poor person is taken care of we 'd be stuck . 
  sucks for the poor poles ( or bulgarians , or any else ) , but the cinical truth is they are n't any different , special or new from the 90 % of humans in history . 
  we wo n't halt progress to help them any more than we did for the rest of people in history . 
  nor should we . 
  i knew it . 
  ahahaha , an actually good joke , you must have some slavic or other ancestry, 
  and where did i attack or criticise him for you to come and make a comparisson with my own comments ? 
  in fact , i congratulated and thanked him , did n't i ? 
  if we go by the same logic of not noticing the indirect message of a comment , as with your indirect defence of him . 
  pardon me good sir , but purely out of curiousity - why does an esteemed representative of turkey come to defend some random bermudan ? 
  is there a historic friendship between your nations i am unaware of that makes a guy from bermuda so consistently defend turkey 's authoritarian leader , and in return turks come to defend him ? 
  just a curious . 
  bermuda seems a truly multi-lingual place that fosters deep knowledge of seemingly unconnected places like the netherlands and turkey . 
  i hope to one day visit this interresting place the esteemed op obviously hails from . 
  i ' v got a mod warning for insulting people . 
  i got ta thread carefully . 
  thank you op for this thread . 
  it 's quite informative and i appreciate your time . 
  i hope it is n't too intrusive , but i would also like to thank you for your general contribution to reddit with the high quality of comments and submission you give . 
  since i would like everyone to take example , i allowed myself to take a few and show them here , so people understand the kind of person submitted this thread , and why i admire you so much . 
   keep it up bud !, 
  on the dutch newspaper critique of erdogan : ** `` looks more like covert racism . 
  turkish ape crushes a helpless white woman . 
  '' ** ** `` funny how that turkish journalist is depicted as a white blue-eyed blonde woman while she is not one .
