  also why after they started settling eastwards into slavic lands they took the names of bramborska region into brandenburg , ber\u0142 - berlin , sprjewja river - spree river etc. 
  i 'm not that well versed in the more recent history of the west slavic regions , so i have to ask - does the city you speak of lie east or west of the wendish slavic region of bramborska and the town of ber\u0142 on the sprjewja river ? 
  why are people there considered rude ? 
  the constantinople of turkey . 
  i 'm frankly dumbstruck by the kindergarten geo-politics in the above sentence . 
  got ta screen-shot the entire conversation to use as example . 
  wan na make up your mind ? 
  you ca n't say `` it 's not fine '' , but then `` well they had a reason and we should therefore stop sanctioning them '' . 
  that 's what being `` fine '' with it means you moron !, 
  ah , ok then , military aggression and land acquisition in 21st century europe is fine if there 's a national minority in the actual region being taken . 
  wonderful recipe for peace and stability in our time . 
  i meant by us skilled workers with perfect german , such as it devs or programmers as myself . 
  there are n't anywhere near millions of us looking for work outside of our countries . 
  the entirety of the german it sector - the largest by far in the eu employs barely 930,000 people . 
  in bulgaria there 's 25,000 of us . 
  how are we to pose a `` wave '' of immigrants that would become `` wage-slaves '' as in the belgian guy 's post i see not . 
  i worked precisely in it as a . net dev and had a sallary well above the average for the country , so i ca n't see how even if it did turn out to be less than my colleagues , classified as `` wage-slave '' the kind this guy described would come to germany . 
  nor how is germany supposed to suffer a `` wave '' of such immigrants , as if there were millions of us . 
  because skilled labour demands also a perfect knowledge of german language . 
  we ' r not talking a kebab shop here . 
  you ca n't just get some romanian villager or and indian who knows both perfect german , and has went through university to aquire the set of skills . 
  and if he has , then he would n't settle for little either . 
  uneducated immigrants settle for less , but in germany there 's a minimal wage anyway . 
  skilled workers , like myself when i was in the uk , only go there to work for the actual high sallary you get in those fields , not to be `` wage-slaves '' as you described us . 
  is n't there a minimum wage in germany ? 
  by stable you mean they had two major regions taken from them , one still in de-facto war with the rest of the country . 
  would you call it `` stable '' and not worth sanctions if one of them was pomorze and the other mazury ? 
  federalisation is not the only option for a more integrated europe . 
  people just love dramatic extremes - either leaving completely or becoming a single state . 
  the best option is a golden middle , as with almost all things in life . 
  so instead of answering the questions regarding the reason for the crusades , which was your initial accusation and my problem with your statement , you will just divert towards the actual behaviour of the crusaders now ? 
  fair enough , we saw you 've no knowledge on the circumstances of the start of the crusades , so it 's only logical you would want to change the subject . 
  lets see :  why are we leaving out that cursaders started progrom after progrom hunting down the jews on their way to ` help ' byzantinum because this has zero to do with why the crusades started and what kind of military endevour they were - a simply religiously motivated raid that they thought up one morning , or a justified and logical military response to a continuous invasion by another civilization . 
  such pogroms happened on all campaigns , be it secular or religious in nature , so what do they have to do with us defining if your or my explanation of the reason for the crusades is correct ? 
   suprisingly good , like a minority that recently occupied an area and does n't want it to get with the surrounding hostile majority and throw them out in a high bow ? 
  you continue to make anecdotal guesses based on a lack of knowledge on the subject and a preocupation with modern pop history myths . 
  it 's getting boring . 
  the population of those states was majority greek-speaking christians . 
  that of the kingdom of jerusalem was a majority greek or arab speaking christians and jews . 
  in none of them were the muslims a majority , so it 's the other way around - the previous muslim rulers were a minority trying to impose their ideology by the power of the sword and taxes ( the jyziah for non-muslims ) . 
   why are we not mentioning that the reason the kingdom of jerusalem had to defend itself was because of repeated attacks on peaceful muslim merchants ? 
  we had to resort to quoting kingdom of heaven now , have we ? 
  pathetic . 
  caravans were being protected by the kingdom of jerusalem , particurarly by the monastic orders of the hospitallers and templars . 
  it was its main source of revenue . 
  they had unsanctioned attacks in the late 1180s , but so did the muslims in the previous decade . 
  they had to defend themselves from the very start and that had nothing to do with caravans . 
  it had to do with a civilization from the arab peninsula that invaded the christian world in the 7th century , took half of it and continued its aggression until ad 1683 . 
  the crusades being the short respite the christian world was given from that by striking back . 
   why not mention that not a few of the muslims fighting for the kingdom of jerusalem were simply mercenaries ? 
  those were the turkomans , the fought for both sides and were not native . 
  i was referring to the local muslim inahabitants of the crusader states , who were n't mercenaries yet fought as eargerly for those countries as the christians against the fatimids whom they saw as a greater burden . 
  read christopher tyerman for more on that . 
   why not mention that the following crusades were not self defense but the hopeless , useless and way too bloody attempt to get jerusalem back ? 
  because that 's the same thing - striking back at the non-stop aggressor . 
  giving europe a short respite from islamic conquest that continued immediately after the crusades stopped and ended only in 1683 at the gates of vienna . 
  my own country was conqured by the muslims after the crusades stopped and occupied for 500 years . 
  where the crusaders struck is irrelevant - jerusalem , egypt , tunisia - as long as it hit the aggressors that had already taken half of christianity 's lands and were trying actively to take the other half . 
   why are n't we talking about constantinople being sacked and looted by ... oh ... yeah ... peaceful and noble crusaders ? 
  because it was n't sacked by crusaders , it was sacked by a venetian army excommunicated by the pope the very second it sacked a christian city in dalmatia . 
  when the pope did that he cancelled the crusade that was planned for egypt and warned that anybody who ventured forth with the venetians against christian states would be excomunicated . 
  the vast majority of people then left - those were the crusaders who had come to join the fight against the islamic aggressor . 
  those who remained did so with the full knowledge it would excomunicate them from the church , so how exactly are they anything but a secular , private army funded by the venetians to pursue the republic 's trade interests ? 
  how are they different any more a `` crusade '' than william 's conquest of england or otto 's campaigns in poland ? 
  if anything , they are even less so since those others at least were part of the church whilst doing it , wheres constantinople 's sackers were all excommunicated . 
   you 've probably got your reasons not to talk about these points overal , no , i 'd love to talk about them as you see above , since history is my degree and passion . 
  in the context of our discussion here - sure i have reasons , one in fact , that none of them have anything to do with the question if the crusades were a normal military answer to a continuous aggression as i claim , or just a fanatical ( yet also somehow pragmatic and greedy ) bunch of knights and priests that decided to out of nowhere to invade a peaceful civilization . 
  power projection is not just military maters , for those there is n't yet an eu army in the first place , nato fills that role . 
  by being part of an integrated union eu states have a common voice in the world , and with a common foreign policy they can assert far more influence - economic , political , social , cultural than any given member alone . 
  not a single remark as to the historical validity of your point and the counter-arguments i gave . 
  not a single attempt to adress the fact that the circumstances of the time made the crusade nothing but a response to an aggression and a military support for a country being conquered piece by piece . 
  ( byzantium ) you do n't even bother , because you ' v nothing in you head about the crusades but pop-culture stereotypes and maybe what you ' v seen in a movie or two . 
  care to comment on the dutchy of edessa or the county of tripoli and how they treated their muslim population , as opposed to the previous seljuk rulers ? 
  care to comment why muslims would end up fighting * for * the kingdom of jerusalem , as it taxed them less than their previous fatimid rulers and practiced greater religious freedom , whilst being a supposed kingdom of fanatical crusaders ? 
  i do n't think so , since for you to make your initial statement it must be obvious you ' v not bothered to read a single , even thin , book on the crusades . 
  hence why you regurgitated po-culture myths and established lies about the crusades . 
  we just love our coal . 
  no , they did it after the battle of manzikert , where the seljuk turks destroyed the byzantine army and flooded anatolia , prompting the emperor to plead the pope for help . 
  you had pilgrims being attacked in the holy land , you had christians in palestine ( still almost half of the population ) being harshly oppressed by the seljuks and mildly by the fatimids , you had the roman empire in dire need of help after yet another muslim invasion , and you had 4 centuries of unchecked islamic aggression on the christian world , which led to it losing half of its lands , including those most important theologically and most developped economically . 
  care to tell me , at what point is the christian world allowed to hit back the aggressor that almost brought it to its knees without this being condemned by edgy little anti-theist wisecracks like you ? 
  cause i 'm pretty sure you 'd hit back for much less , but c'mon - ca n't have your easy anti-christian argument without using the crusades , am i right ? 
  silly me , i thought it was the direct result of the battle of manzikert , where the seljuk turks destroyed the byzantine army and flooded anatolia , prompting the emperor to plead the pope for help against the next chapted in a 4-centuries continuous invasion of the islamic world , which had already occupied half of christian civilization 's lands , including the best and most important ones . 
  turns out they just woke up one day and decided to go pillage in the name of god . 
  as it seems you do when you are religious ... whew , 4 years of studying history at uni down the drain , thank god for edgy anti-theist revisionists to open my eyes ... 
  i agree they are wrong in excluding you from the state you built and claiming it all as their past , or even more so projecting a `` belarussian '' nationality on these people , at a time neither `` belarussian '' , nor nationality itself existed as concepts . 
  i also believe however there 's something similar coming from lithuanians , who entirely exclude the ruthenians as anything more than a demographic factor in the later dutchy , when in fact they were an active factor - not just a ruled populace , but with their own nobles , mayors , armies and hetmans . 
  yes , it started as a lithuanian medieval state , like the british in their empire , but ended more-so like yugoslavia ( again for lack of a better example ) , where it was created by a croat called tito , but ended up with a majority serb populace , army , generals etc. 
  and a largely balanced relationship between the two nations until the eventual breakdown . 
  the british empire comparisson was very far fetched - the slavs of the grand dutchy were n't a colonial population , ruled directly and with zero chance of breaking free . 
  they had a large percentage of the nobility ( unlike any african lords in the upper chamber of the empire ) , as well as from what i understand were the majority of the armed forces , since those came in feudal fashion from the entire dutchy . 
  ( again unlike britain , where colonial troops were just auxiliary ) so if the slavs wanted to break the dutchy they easily could 've done it against the small baltic component of lithuanians . 
  they did n't , because it became simply their state as much of the lithuanians - with their nobles , their army formations , their mayors of towns etc. 
  what was a lithuanian-baltic land conquered in the middle ages gradually became a co-lithuanian/co-ruthenian state within the commonwealth . 
  thus they have zero claim on the medieval dutchy - built and ruled by the baltic lithuanians , but equal claim on the commonwealth dutchy of lithuania . 
  i do not see how eu officials are any more succeptible to lobbyism than national ones . 
  particurarly when corruption is involved , the eu is far ahead in fighting it than a substantial percentage of member states , particurarly southern and eastern ones . 
  the eu comission is , indeed , the place that requires the most reform , but at the same time it 's the one where each member states appoints its chosen commisionair , which in turn has to approved by the parliament - thus the commission is the product of two bodies directly elected by the people - national parliaments and eu parliament . 
  it 's not a bunch of appointed out of nowhere burreaucrats with zero accountability . 
  i am not enthusiastic about the eu in its current form . 
  it 's not doing `` wonders '' for bulgaria - it 's filling the pockets of a few local oligarchs whilst making life more expensive for the regular people and sucking the country dry of capital through the monopolies of major western corporations that became possible only after the state 's protectionism and support for local businesses became illegal as part of eu rules on the common market .
