  if you ' r such an awesome country and it 's no problem to assimilate 1.2 % immigrants , why did you fail to assimilate the few million turks and other muslims there for the past 50 years ? 
  why are their parallel societies and foreign identities as strong as ever if you ' r so awesome at assimilating immigrants ? 
  actual refugees . 
  accounting and culinary arts . 
  get it ? 
  get it ? 
  cause you ' r cooking the books . 
  you do n't really know much about either iraq , afghanistan or the situation now in syria to ask that question , do you ? 
  `` i want a world of rainbows , and kitties , and sugar , and everything nice '' . 
  * you ` r * not clever and i 'm declaring * you * dead . 
  what utter bullshit . 
  there 's no place for politics in sport . 
  it 's all and entirely about achievements , not what the person believes or says . 
  the thought police in europe is taking 1984-esque proportions and it 's sickening . 
  i thought we ' r done with this after the fall of communism , but it 's coming again , this time from the west . 
  i feel like vomiting . 
  bulgaria - successful integration of `` roma '' minorities . 
  how come does a nigerian release polish semen ? 
  if their allegiance is so certain why did putin made even talk of separatism a criminal offence just a couple of years ago ? 
  why is it now a crime to even discuss this , let alone organise like people can freely do in normal countries , say the scottish ? 
  after all , there 's nothing to fear , right ? 
  no piece of land inhabited by a majority of people that would rather be part of another country or have an independent one of their own belongs to anyone but them . 
  are you sure every single region of russia with a majority non - '' \u0420\u0443\u0441\u0441\u043a\u0438\u0435 '' would remain as part of russia if they were given the choice tomorrow ? 
  i know of at least one region that fought 2 wars over that , i 'm sure there 's more . 
  what sovereignty ? 
  they lost that when their army fled like hell not picking up their panties from around their anckles as soon as they heard isis was approaching mosul , leaving hundreds of thousands behing to suffer , be sold into sexual slavery or killed . 
  baghdad has zero credibility in northern iraq now , whereas the peshmerga do - having been the only ones actually holding daesh there . 
  if the peshmerga want turks or whomever else helping them there - it 's their call , not the corrupt and utterly incompetent baghdad that wasted billions of us military help by leaving it all to isis as they fled like chicken . 
  but the point is it is not `` from afar '' for most eastern europeans , since most countries here are actually multicultural or multi-religious , even more so than those in the west . 
  just because poland is n't does n't mean you can equate that with all of eastern europe , as you did . 
  eastern europe is n't just poland , i tell you that as a pole myself . 
  russia considers as its own a lot of territories and peoples that actually are n't . 
  that must be the most boring stereotype i ' v ever heard . 
  `` oh them bulgarians , i ca n't stand them , they love summarizing stuff ! '', 
  because there are n't any multicultural eastern states ? 
  bulgaria has 800,000 turks and 500,000 gypsies out of 7,2 million population . 
  the guy that wrote that comes from estonia - a country with a very sizable russian minority . 
  there 's states like serbia , bosnia , romania , latvia as well ... not every country in the east is 95 % homogeneus poland . 
  in fact , the minority are . 
  so maybe it 's just poles who should keep their mouths shut following your logic , not all of eastern europe . 
  i do not understand how are they on equal sides - the protestants are trying to destroy the centuries old religious/church/cultural belonging of the people of the germanic lands , not the catholics . 
  they are merely trying to preserve their ways . 
  again - active and passive actors of change . 
  the reason for the imperial action against protestants was more political than theological - it was n't a matter of religious freedom vs. persecution ( the protestants were as much against religious freedom ) , it was about the power of the emperor ( backed by the church ) vs. the power of independent princes . 
  effectively protestantism was a force threatening the existance of the empire and thus the empire defended itself . 
  once again - passive and active actors , one side trying to destroy existing order - catholicism and imperial authority , the other defending that . 
  i 'm not taking sides here or saying who was right , merely who sparked the whole damn thing , and that 's always the active side . 
  in that case - the protestants . 
  does n't really match gdp growth , unemployemnt or debt to gdp ratios . 
  what 's the basis of it ? 
  these comments until now are hilariously stereotypical - a bunch of czechs cheering on atheism and a pole worried at the rise of islam . 
  he was n't - there 's been numerous competing theories about the etymological source , with this one being the most widespread as it is the traditional , old one dating back to 19th century german `` racist science '' and its overt anti-slavic sentiments . 
  it has been challanged in modern days by argumetns such as that sclavus ( the medieval latin for slave and origin of the word ) has been found in sources much older than previously seen , pre-dating the spread of slavs in europe and their contact with germanic nations , when many of them would be enslaved . 
  therefore they could n't have taken sclavus from a group of people not yet known to them . 
  it is much more likely to come from ancient greek . 
  there was once a country with people practising the centuries old church of their fathers and forefathes . 
  then a bunch of them decided they want to end this and have another type of `` church '' / pracitce take over . 
  they organised , grew and eventually the two factions fought a massive war over this . 
  one faction was the reason this whole thing happened and the one trying to make all abandon their traditional church , the other faction was merely defending what they had . 
  passive and aggressive sides to a conflict - the one trying to change something and the one resisting that change . 
  it was n't the catholics that had gone to a centuries-old protestant society to try and impose their church , it was the other way around . 
  the war and its spilled blood lays on the conscience of those who are causing the conflict with their desire to impose a major societal change - not those merely reacting to the other side 's actions by not complying with its decisions for a change . 
  depends who the 16-19 year old is marrying and under what circumstances . 
  forcing a 19 year old girl into marriage with a 30 + year old man is just as disgusting . 
  forcing anyone into marriage actually is disgusting , and you ca n't deny it 's practised on a large scale ( of more than 5 % of marriages ) in turkey . 
  it 's the opposite - the `` tyrany of the majority '' is when the majority in an entire country decides for the minority in a small region . 
  we ' r not barbarians after all !, 
  jeez, 
  who is this `` turkey '' ? 
  i do n't know about it , but a in know erdogan is increasingly acting like a turkish putin , whilst his party is often expressing thoughts on `` neo-osmanism '' . 
  considering there is a large turkish monority in a region adjecent to our border with them , it looks like a mirror-image of russia-donetsk situation . 
  should i wait for a `` turkish repiblic '' to pop-up there one day , maybe even in more than a decade or two , thinking it 's `` absolutely impossible and ludicrous '' just as anyone would think of the donetsk story if you told them a few years ago ? 
  so no , i do n't consider turkey to be a threat at the moment , but i do recognise the potential for it becoming such should erdogan continue to turn into a turkish putin with ever deeper power and his country rise as a regional force . 
  better safe than sorry , so i 'd preffer both russia and turkey go into recession or at least stagnation . 
  i am not expert on their economic relations with russia , but as i understand it they will lose their largest tourist group , their atomic power plant deal , their pipeline deals , the largest importer of their agriculture and possibly billions from future energy deals with russia on higher prices , considering they import more than 40 % from there . 
  it might be more or less , but i 'd take anything . 
  all that makes turkey or russia weaker on the international stage is good news to me . 
  not just as someone disliking authoritarianism , but as someone here in bulgaria too , a country with a history of being fucked by either one of these two nations periodically . 
  am i a dickhead for enjoying the fact turkey and russia are suffering economically and internationally due to the actions of the authoritarian , jingoist regimes they elected themselves ? 
  whereas it 's post-menstural girls being offered into matrimonial sex slavery . 
  and yet there 's not a region where 1 in 10 brides is n't a child , with most regions being in the 2-3 in 10 . 
  it 's not like every single region in the country has a substantial kurdish population . 
  the difference being it was the catholic side that was merely defending itself from an aggressively expanding new sect . 
  not even remotely true . 
  `` fuck your ideas u/squealerrascal and fuck all the shit you hold important in your life , which i happen not to . '', 
  i 'm sure that 's a very constructive approach to societal differences . 
  done by whom ? 
  it was the church 's money , so why should n't it ... build churches ? 
  right to `` people 's territories '' ? 
  what people ? 
  a territory belongs to those who live on it . 
  they have full right to any land they are a majority on . 
  yes they are . 
  the entire state apparatus is built on the former communist party robbing the country through privatisation and turning from government officials into oligarchs . 
  it just so happens that dps benefited from this the most . 
  you need not be a butthurt nationalist taking my criticism of them as anti-turkish to feel like you need a comeback . 
  most of eastern europe has ethnic-based , rather than civic-based nations , not just the balkans . 
  poland is more than 95 % polish/catholic . 
  ( despite this map showing made up separatists there , they are in reality less than 1 % ) so too are hungary , or the czechs , or belarus etc. 
  on the other hand balkan states like bulgaria , romania or serbia have large minorities within them , not even mentioning bosnia .
