  in all criteria the netherlands is just ripe for compact and efficient economic convergence , whilst poland is both more isolated and facing the problems of larger states/nations . 
  i do n't think you could ever be as developped as the netherlands , but some parts of germany and france - sure . 
  too late for that now though thanks to the soviets . 
  and yet countries in the east and south part that were always poorer than western europe still got to the first world by avoiding communism , whereas equally rich/poor countries from their region who did get teh soviet system remained poor . 
  for example , hungary and poland were always richer than greece , soviets made them 2-3 times poorer in 45 years : http://imgur.com/tmbtarw, 
  who is `` we '' ? 
  bohemia probably would . 
  poland and hungary unlikely , more an italian level i 'd say . 
  the balkans though - spanish level for sure , but not more . 
  post-socialist europe is a vast and differing area . 
  so it looks like western europe was always ahead , but iberia and scandinavia were consistently on the level of eastern europe or a little ahead before communism . 
  then they get firmly ahead . 
  i wonder if say , poland and czechia were not affected by communism would they be closer today to say , austria , or spain . 
  because it was n't them who chose the name . 
  the socialist republic of macedonia was established by the international comintern , read moscow , at the afermath of ww2 . 
  it was a project of nation-building aimed at stopping bulgaria from entering every single war on the side against serbia to unite with its ethnic region the serbs took in 1912 . 
  the name was just part of that process . 
  they brought bulgarian linguists over to compose the new language and grammar out of the local bulgarian dialect . 
  they stitched together a national history from various periods and elements of the neighbouring nations ' histories . 
  they took the name of the ancient greek kingdom . 
  in the 90s they merely continued this process with adopting the flag of the ancient greek kingdom that they had now decided to add to their national history as well . 
  it 's all a process of artificial transformation of one nation 's ethnic region into a separate national identity , by faking historical facts , periods , flags , language etc. 
  quite unique and not at all like what other nations have done . 
  i too agree with all written above . 
  yet somehow we come to the wrong conclusions as to whether the people on the maidan should be ashamed or proud . 
  i believe they should be proud because they did the right thing at the time - they stood up and resisted . 
  it 's easy to find the flaws in hindsight , but when you are faced with the situation you are either standing up or bowing down . 
  i ca n't see how it 's better to bow down . 
  your comparisson is the opposite . 
  imagine my country , after being occupied for centuried by the turks , was then divided into 2 , because some of the population was assimilated by the invaders and wanted to remain with the occupying force , rather than the independent natives . 
  that is the comparisson there . 
  it was ireland , made of irish natives . 
  then the english came , and a few centuries later - bam , the island is divided by the assimilatory policies of the invaders . 
  that 's what 's ridiculous . 
  like a part of spain wanting to be with morocco , or a part of poland with russia . 
  in fact , what 's happening today in ukraine is reminiscent . 
  the scenario is the same - an outside invader comes and his policies end up in division and conflict in the victim region . 
  the effects of this should be corrected everywhere . 
  ireland is one - an island with population that can all trace their roots to the same people before the english came . 
  true . 
  but there are no claims of historical theft between bulgaria and serbia . 
  ( who 's a bulgarian king and who a serbian one ) none between bulgaria and greece . 
  none between serbia and greece . 
  or between greece and turkey - they have exact greek history ( people , events , countries ) and exact turkish history . 
  no one in bulgaria argues some greek king was actually ours , or in greece they claim some tsar was theirs . 
  king lazar was serb and we do n't claim him , tsar samuil was bulgarian and they do n't claim him . 
  suddenly , however , a tiny country , of barely 2 million people , ends up with such historical dissputes with everyone . 
  serb kings , bulgarian tsars and guerilla fighters , greek kings and entire kingdoms , even albanian people end up in macedonian history books as theirs , or as bronze statues in skopje . 
  this is highly unusual . 
  it 's an anomaly , * some * of this between nations is normal , all of this happening with macedonia in the balkans is highly out of the ordinary between the other balkan nations . 
  your point is `` might makes right '' - bow down if someone is exploiting you , or suffer the consequences . 
  you might think of yourself as a realist or very hard-core in saying this , but in reality you ' r the opposite - servile . 
  the world was built by the opposite . 
  outside of russia 's grip ukraine has the chance , at least , to actually get through anti-corruption laws that would sort the country for good . 
  look at romania . 
  this scenario is impossible within russia 's grip , as their puppets never would allow this . 
  ukraine 's suffering is great , but temporary . 
  it is up to you to make it worth by getting the necessary reforms through , that will boost your country in no time . 
  you can surpass russia in a decade if you do such reforms , while it mires in its perpetual oligarchical corruption . 
  so no , i do n't think maidan was the wrong thing in the long term , nor the right thing - both of these depend on what you do with it . 
  you use your independence from the kremlin to sort your institutionalized corruption ? 
  then it was worth it . 
  you do n't ? 
  then it does n't really matter cause you 'd end up collapsing into poverty regardless one time or another . 
  corruption does that . 
  well , if a slavic population of say , northern poland , decides to call itself the `` ancient danish nation '' , and adopted a bunch of names , flags , symbols , historical events and people from denmark 's history , i bet they 'd protest too . 
  you ca n't just adopt other people 's history you know cause you decided you wanted your new nation to associate with this or that . 
  you are correct they are illegal . 
  the question no one asks here however is - does their presence in the uk piss off the greeks ? 
  was about to answer . 
  then i looked you up - nothing but comments on ukraine and russia . 
  like , a lot . 
  every single one of them on that topic , for a year now . 
  ukraine bad ; russia good . 
  you ' r a living strawman , you know that ? 
  how did they ruin it ? 
  i thought they created it . 
  ffs , the people of ireland ca n't have a flag that is `` too irish '' . 
  that 's what you ' v done to these people . 
  it resembles a fan . 
  germany ? 
  they are one of the youngest countries in europe . 
  most european flags already existed prior to theirs . 
  the lesson being - either obey russia or they 'll destroy your country ? 
  how have they not learned , right ? 
  as i wrote - the victims were people . 
  humans . 
  there are humans in belgium . 
  why the hell do you have to be anything more than a human to get appalled at someone who killed 10 million of * your * people - yes , they are * your * people as long as they are ... people . 
  it 's taunting me as much as it is taunting a congolese , cause both of us lost 10 million members of our species to this monster . 
  so no , i do n't see how it 's ok to have statues of leopold ii anywhere in the world , even if outside of the congo . 
  that 's the case only if you see national concepts as burdains . 
  which happens when you look at their negative aspects only and you ' r not aware how they came to be and what the purely political philosophy of nationalism means . 
  `` people '' , as species , are inehrently very competative . 
  there exists a wonderful , and terrifying , potential within human competition . 
  when controlled , this potential is amazing . 
  hence why they use it in companies - dividing people into teams , or in the economy - having private competition , corporations etc. 
  in sports , in the schools and debate clubs , everywhere . 
  it 's amazing to divide into teams and what it can do for motivation . 
  in the army it 's absolutely essential and they build up each `` team '' ( platoon ) to be as loyal and as devout to each other as possible .
