  making earth * poorer * in terms of diversity , not richer . 
  fair enough , then the criteria remain : `` bavarian is whoever sits in a beergarden , sips a ( non-alcoholic ) augustiner , loves bayern munich and enjoys live '' in that case you would consider entirely and equally `` bavarian '' a young man called ahmed , born in munich to a sunni arab family , who loves going to a beergarten with his mates after mosque and drinking non-alcoholic augustiners whilst watching their fav team bayern munich . 
  the same man considers zero connection between himself and bavarian history , does n't really know or care about it , looks at all ethnic bavarians as `` others '' , identifies as arab and muslim first , forces his daughter to wear a veil and would never allow her to abandon the faith or mary a non-muslim . 
  disagrees with how ethnic bavarains dress , with their gender and inter-sex relations , does n't celebrate their traditional holidays , etc. 
  he has n't read any bavarian , german or european literature and could n't give two fucks about it because it 's not part of `` his '' culture , despite being born there . 
  he does n't know a single classical piece of bavarian or european music because once again , it 's not his culture , and besides he disagrees with the very existance of music , which he considers haram . 
  this is n't a straw man , made up to justify something , it 's an entirely often met type of people , who despite being born on this continent are completely culturally detached from it . 
  yet they are as much representatives of the native nations , regions and cultures , as anyone else , according to you ? 
   bavarian is whoever sits in a beergarden , sips a augustiner , loves bayern munich and enjoys live so a practicing muslim can never be a bavarian in your opinion ? 
  i 'd like to see what you guys think of the idea ancestry and race have `` zero place '' in defining what it means to be part of a european nation . 
  for me , an `` old nation '' - as in , not a recent colonial creation , should be based on ancestry . 
  please do n't donwvote the link because you disagree with it , let it be visible for discussion . 
  hence the zero empathy i feel when i read news like that . 
  except they wo n't rise back up to former levels . 
  ever . 
  not as low as czech rep. though . 
  c'mon nemtsi , how can some slavs be better at economy than you ? 
  they did though . 
  with the ropes . 
  as in your other posts , here too you only give examples of serbia and croatia , basically referring to the yugoslav wars . 
  yet you do that in a thread about bulgaria , as an argument that supposedly all of the balkans is like that . 
  showing how increadibly ignorant you are of the history of this place , merely using the news above to reinsert a misconcenption you hold . 
  bulgaria is n't yugoslavia , and the balkans are n't serbia/croatia . 
  in bulgaria there has n't been any mass murder on ethnic or religious grounds since the end of the ottoman era occupation , when they massacred bulgarians . 
  in bulgaria 's independent history since then , turks and gypsies have lived almost entirely accepted , certainly as much as in western europe at the same time , with one small exception - the communist regime 's attempt to give the turks bulgarian names , which was abandoned quickly after . 
  [ on the contrary , bulgaria was one of only two countries in europe during ww2 to save its jews ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/lifestyle/style/how-bulgaria-saved-its-jews-from-nazi-concentration-camps/2013/05/08/e866bdda-8cb1-11e2-9838-d62f083ba93f_story.html ) , the other being denmark . 
  it was the only one to refuse hitler any help in his invasion of the ussr , risking to be invaded itself . 
  overal , bulgaria has one of the best track records of ethnic and religious relations and peace on the continent , having had ** zero civil wars ** , uprising or massacres since it regained independence from the turks in the 19th century . 
  yet you try and portray it as some sort of third-world , war-ridden anarchy where people butcher eachtoher every few years or so . 
  despite your country having worse track record with this in the past 120 years than bulgaria , and currently [ ranking worse than bulgaria in crime and safety index . 
  ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp ) so which makes you want to do that - your complete ignorance of the region and its history , or your clear political motiv ? 
  belgium is a net receiver of money from the eu . 
  in fact , it has received twice as much as it has contributed up until now . 
  you are n't sending any money to bulgaria - germany , britian , holand and others are , you are receiving from them just as well . 
  and much more in fact . 
  there has n't been a mass murder in bulgaria since 1876 , when the turks quelled the rebellion of the local bulgarians . 
  it cost the life of ~ 5000 people . 
  this you generalize as `` murdering eachother because half of them make the sign of the cross from left to right , while the other half do it right to left . '', 
  currently the 800,000 strong turkish minority has full rights , their own tv channels and a political party that pretty much rules the country . 
  meanwhile , belgium has had a genocide of more than 10 million people , human zoos and volunteer waffen ss divisions . 
  at the same time bulgaria outright refused to send a single soldier to the eastern front and actually saved its entire jewish population , despite hitler 's threats . 
  your people volunteered to go kill jews with the ss at the same time . 
  you ' r quite ignorant of history and generalize a region you know nothing about , just because you seem to be a regressive leftist defending desperately the muslims , or a muslim yourself . 
  lol , westerners fear even our websites . 
  :d do n't worry frenchie , it 's not gon na pick pocket you . 
   slavic civilization would be a good idea . 
  those who have internet in romania have it much faster than those who do in france . 
  it 's just that far fewer in romania have it as opposed to those in the west , which is what this graph covers . 
  peasants . 
  ima scared of your aids epidemic , ukrainians and russians in my book are no-touchy-touchy . 
  we need the cash too . 
  better watch out you do n't lose half your country to the kurds first . 
  but does n't internal consumption drive actual growth ? 
  entire economies have been built on that . 
  what drives that bubble ? 
  why not talk about it ? 
  because this was an easy , cheap shot at where i 'm from aimed at hiding the fact you have no other arguments about what i wrote ? 
  also , did i ever write anything about `` muslim criminality '' ? 
  decades , 4-5 generations sometimes of muslims born in the west and not assimilated . 
  this is what i wrote . 
  show me the same with bulgarians or romanians and it can be a valid comeback . 
  alas , it is n't the case , as all bulgarians i know who have immigrated there ( usually spain ) and had a child , give that child a local name as opposed to a bulgarian one , do n't force it to go to orthodox church every day and it ends up fully assimilated spanish boy/girl within one generation . 
  nothing like this happens with muslim immigrants to europe , who shit on your local culture and identity and give their kids and grandkids the same they were given back in their own states . 
  try and disporve that if you are going to be a serious participant in this thread , or fuck off if you ' r just here to shitpost and irritate people out of boredom . 
  lol , your own link claims muslims in france ( and europe generally ) are entirely not assimilated , but barely economically integrated , yet you put it here to disprove ... whom ? 
  yourself ? 
  pewresearch shows millions of people currently live across europe who fully identify with a culture and identity foreign to either european nation , happily carry on values and messages of islam as opposed to either european political ideology or predominant religion , and clearly consider themsleves `` others '' as opposed to the `` westerners '' - with whom `` 58 % of french muslims view relations with westerners as bad '' , despite `` westerners '' and them being born and raised in the same country ... people have an issue with muslims not assimilating for decades now , as some other communities do in mere generation or two , yet you come angry at those claims by showing pewreasearch ... proving them . 
  as said by u/low _ discrepancy , a statistical analist who has polled the vast majority of sunnis in france . 
  those the entire world conspiracy has made up just to smear turkey because it 's such a glorious nation others actually think of it and of how to defame it ... just like they made up the holocau $ t to defame the glorious and innocent germans , or gulag to defame the impecable russians , or mao 's great leap forward to defame human-rights loving china . 
  fucking illuminati i say . 
  killed by your grandpaps . 
  no , you confuse it with the glagolith alphabet made by cyril and methodius . 
  it has nothing to do with cyrillic . 
  cyrillic was made in the preslav literary school in the first bulgarian empire , by 7 bulgarian scholars , who named it after their former teacher , cyrill . 
  they specifically reworked the glagolith to serve better bulgarian language and its sounds , as opposed to the moravian ones the glagloth did . 
  so cyrillic is as bulgarian as it gets : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_cyrillic_alphabet, 
  no , you confuse it with the glagolith alphabet made by cyril and methodius . 
  it has nothing to do with cyrillic . 
  cyrillic was made in the preslav literary school in the first bulgarian empire , by 7 bulgarian scholars , who named it after their former teacher , cyrill . 
  they specifically reworked the glagolith to serve better bulgarian language and its sounds , as opposed to the moravian ones the glagloth did . 
  so cyrillic is as bulgarian as it gets : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_cyrillic_alphabet, 
  the architecture of a handful of cities and the centres of town , where the aristocrats , burgeoisie , traders and later capitalists lived , who got very wealthy from the huge oil industry that boomed in the province . 
  99 % of the people did n't live in the city centres where we have those lovely buildings today preserved . 
  most lived in extremely poor villages with wooden huts that have n't survived till this day . 
  and many starved , literary like modern day africa , to death . 
  do actually read up on the issue rather than just talk your own imrpessions from buildings :  in 1773 , galicia had about 2.6 million inhabitants in 280 cities and markets and approx . 
  5,500 villages . 
  there were nearly 19,000 noble families with 95,000 members ( about 3 % of the population ) . 
  the `` non-free '' accounted for 1.86 million , more than 70 % of the population . 
  a small number were full farmers , but by far the overwhelming number ( 84 % ) had only smallholdings or no possessions . 
   the average life expectancy was 27 years for men and 28.5 years for women , as compared to 33 and 37 in bohemia , 39 and 41 in france and 40 and 42 in england . 
  also the quality of life was much lower . 
  the yearly consumption of meat did not exceed 10 kg ( 22 lb ) per capita , as compared to 24 kg ( 53 lb ) in hungary and 33 in germany . 
  this was mostly due to much lower average income . 
   when it comes to the social relations , most especially between peasants and landlords , the area was the most backwards in the former polish -- lithuanian commonwealth . 
  for the entire 19th century , the majority of landlords viewed peasants as less than human . 
  [ ... ] the galician peasantry was always living at the verge of starvation . 
  this lead the polish peasants to call the area `` krolestwo goloty i glodomerji '' i.e. 
  `` the kingdom of bareness and starvation . '', 
   beginning in the 1880s , a mass emigration of the galician peasantry occurred .
