  exactly what actions they took since coming to power had a direct result on making this growth ? 
  you seem so certain it was due to them , you got ta have a comprehensive list in mind , right ? 
  `` turkish '' is one nation among a linguistic family of nations called turkic . 
  it is the biggest , same as russians are the biggest slavic nation , but that does n't equate the two any more than slavic equates russian , germanic equates germany or latin equates italy . 
  all turkish people are turkic , but not all turkic people are turkish . 
  did i argue about any of that ? 
  i wrote that albania is no safer after its own massive immigration , hence the logic that poland 's immigration made it safe does n't hold water . 
  do try and take the context of what i 'm writing and the purpose of my argument , rather than see the name of you country and just give the usual balkan knee-jerk reaction . 
  `` muuuh country was mentioned , gottta defend it !!! '', 
  is it ? 
  https://www.osac.gov/pages/contentreportdetails.aspx?cid=17616 http://www.numbeo.com/crime/rankings_by_country.jsp, 
  but how is it `` an historical fact '' ? 
  russia today is a dwarf - economic , political and demographic . 
  it used to be in top 5 during the last years of the tzardom and second in the world during the ussr . 
  today it 's behind countries like italy and canada . 
  it used to have the 3rd largest population - today it 's 9th and falling rapidly . 
  it used to have a robust economy and a huge industrial base - today it has none . 
  those are all things with a permanent , long-term effects that it ca n't reverse . 
  it ca n't magically , mythologically `` rebirth '' itself . 
  it ca n't get 100 million people out of nowhere , or suddenly a fertility rate of 5 . 
  it 's fallen so far behind the rest of the world , there 's no reasonable , logical or even theoretical way for it to go back to 2nd or 3rd place . 
  so that 's why i want to see the `` fact '' . 
  the economy improved , and social services and police with it . 
  the criminal contingent was leaving for western europe before the eu too . 
  after the eu the people who mainly left were not criminals , on the contrary , a good chunk of the most educated people did so . 
  pfew , careful there , i almost cut myself on that edge . 
  bulgaria 's population , contrary to your apparent beliefs , does not have 8 % bankers . 
  definitely . 
  8 % of our population forms 82 % of our criminals and prisoners . 
  wan na guess the common denominator between those 8 % ? 
  they have to wait for king kaczynski to die , the ensuing interregnum around 2044 will end with them forming a union with lithuania . 
  donald would certainly hold far more power if elected , but to what end ? 
  what 's the point if he does n't use that power to tackle the issues of the us ? 
  or even more so , if he uses it to further aggravate them by pushing the country more into the entrenched oligarchy it has become ? 
  an oligachy he is a part of . 
  that is the case with all eastern countries , yet albania is no safer after it outsourced its entire criminal contingent to italy . 
  petty crime ca n't all be `` outsourced '' as it is the syndrom of social effects . 
  it can only be alievated by tackling those effects . 
  i ' v asked that question before , but never gotten an answer . 
  now it gets ridiculous - why , just why are always there serbs hurrying to lick russia 's ass every time it is being discussed ? 
  it 's baffling . 
  i do n't know of another nation as proudly subservient and spineless towards another state . 
  poland seems to have found the answer to a safe society - despite being far poorer than most western states , they have one of the lowest crime rates in the world . 
  despite not having widespread gun ownership like in the us - they form voluntary militias that train with real guns and now establish a national guard . 
  a perfect balance between crime safety and national security . 
  i wish we 'd do that here too . 
  i would n't equate them . 
  i hate communism and what it did to my country , i disagree with the core tennants of social-democracy in western and northern europe and support small governments and unregulated , competative economy . 
  however , there 's a rule that says you need to swing a ship one way if it tillts too much to the other , lest it capsizes . 
  the us has tilted so increadibly much towards a corporate oligarchy , with measures of inequality reaching levels higher than in any other developed nation , whilst in the meantime healthcare and basic factors of social welfare ranked ( at least according to the un ) at the bottom of the developped world . 
  this means you need , at least a small doze , of what i otherwise believe europe has been getting far too much . 
  a dose of social democracy like in the nordics ( do n't kill me for mentioning that unholy of places for r/europe ) , to at least bring the basic indicators of a healthy society ( education , healthcare , maternity leave , prisons ) to the level your economy can obviously provide . 
  it 's difficult to deny , even if you are highly pro-capitalist as myself , that there 's just too much broken when it comes to the us private prison system , corporate handouts ( basically socialism for the rich ) or industrial meat production . 
  i do n't believe a donald trump would fix any of that , but a berny might . 
  the truth is , it is not `` edgy '' or making you appear smart and sophisticated to openly say `` i am patiortic '' nowadays , yet i ' v seen people who are quite liberal and openly disdainful of patriots take things said about their country or nation very emotionally . 
  patriotism and nationalism is alive and well , but perceived as quite `` uncool '' to openly declare . 
  hence why this thread is filled with people boasting how unpatioritc they are , yet the shitstorm that occurs on many threads in this sub when nations are mentioned proves otherwise . 
  i 'm not counting on it , i am recounting the times it happened all over europe during peasant revolts . 
  post prominently in the massive ones in germany in 16th century . 
  no they could n't , but that 's not what rebellions are based on - all being armed at the start . 
  a castle or arsenal is taken by the selected few who are armed , with the hundreds of weapons inside of it . 
  arm a few hundred new men and capture another - arm more . 
  rebellions are a collective and organised endeavour , not based on how well each rebel is equipped personally at the start . 
  now , if these castles/arsenals have longbows within them this would be useless to the mass of peasants who are n't trained archers . 
  but if they have crossbows - you can learn to use it pretty easily . 
  that 's why it makes more sense to consider the crossbow a weapon dangerous to your order and capable of use by the masses , not the longbow . 
  hence the rest of my post . 
  do try and either adress the point of my argument , or none of it at all . 
   having the longbow popular in england and the crossbow almost non-present meant there was only 20-30k people who could challange the rule of the king and the nobles at any time . 
  you buy them , and you ' r set - all else are poorly trained with the longbow and have no crossbows to capture or buy in the state . 
    meanwhile , having the crossbow spread around your kingdom means at any given point all peasants , millions of them in france , could arm themsleves with such and rebel . 
  hence , the original theory that fear of yoru peasants made you favour the crossbow is bollocks . 
  the more crossbows in your kingdom , the more peasants can arm themsleves and easily use them in a month against you . 
  of course you focused on that one detail about the cheap crossbow rather than the whole premise of crossbows allowing far more people to be dangerous to the state at any given point than the longbow . 
  please try and have a contructive debate here rather than some banter where you just try to win . 
  there 's no prize you know . 
  your last sentance particurarly shows that - just throwing the fact france had rebellions suddenly does n't make the point false either . 
  especially since the crossbow was long gone by the time of the those rebellions . 
  so i will repeat - my point is the crossbow allows every single peasant to use it easily and quickly . 
  the more of these in your country , the more potential rebels armed with a dangerous weapon . 
  meanwhile , the longbow takes decades to learn , so if you state has mainly such and almost no crossbows , the danger of peasant rebellion only comes from those few ( around 30k during henry v ) , who have dedicated to master the crossbow to a military level grade . 
  you buy these few , and you ' r set - all others neither have the longbow skills , nor anywhere to capture or buy crossbows from . 
  either address these points i base my argument on , or call it a day . 
  i ' v no interrest in a tavern banter where we take single words from each others ' posts and try to one-up . 
  i do not understand how either of what you wrote is on topic . 
  having the longbow popular in england and the crossbow almost non-present meant there was only 20-30k people who could challange the rule of the king and the nobles at any time . 
  you buy them , and you ' r set - all else are poorly trained with the longbow and have no crossbows to capture or buy in the state . 
  meanwhile , having the crossbow spread around your kingdom means at any given point all peasants , millions of them in france , could arm themsleves with such and rebel . 
  hence , the original theory that fear of yoru peasants made you favour the crossbow is bollocks . 
  the more crossbows in your kingdom , the more peasants can arm themsleves and easily use them in a month against you . 
  he would n't need to find an expensive one , the basic ones were perfectly fine for killing people , even armoured clad , and not that difficult to either make or buy . 
  a rebellion is n't based on the single person of a strata being able to equip himself . 
  they are usually organised and weapons aquired in bulk . 
  usually after taking a single arsenal or castle , a peasant rebellion such as those in germany in the 16th century , could arm thousands of peasants with what they got their hands on . 
  if longbows were stored there they would be useless to the peasant rebels . 
  if it was crossbows - they would easily be able to start using them in a month . 
  that 's why having crossbows popular in your country is the opposite of fearing your people , whilst having logbows reduces those who can use it on a professional , military level to a selected few . 
  yet , as i wrote - only very few went further into training actually enough to be a military force . 
  henry v had about 20k-30k people to levy his longbowmen from . 
  there are degrees of expertise with that weapon of all , and whilst everyone was theoretically required to train with it , only very few ended up reaching military-grade profficiency .
