  then i was right about knowing nothing about western europe and shitting on the east based on that ignorance . 
  because i ' v been to the baltics too and little compared to some of the shitholes i saw in the uk and belgium - your `` perfect '' west that all easterners apparantly want to be like . 
  absolitely solid arguments - millions saved from starvation and desease , housed , helped by the thousands of catholic missions , but it 's the money people * give willingly * to the church to pay priests and churches is enough for you to call it a waste . 
  it 's hard to see people try so hard to somehow sqeez a pathetic little argument out of the tiniest of things as the atheists talking of the church . 
  you picked on the money thing , i refuted you , now you pick another topic . 
  have the decency to admit at least you were wrong about the church being a waste of money before we move on to another one . 
  coventry was literary filled with chavs when i studied there and girls were puking , shitting or pissing on the street each friday and saturday night after going to kasbah or jj 's . 
  brussels was filthy when i did my internships there and i do n't advise you to visit newcastle or duisburg . 
  people here accuse you of being ignorant of eastern europe , but it seems to me you actually have no idea about western europe . 
  you might as well be a an eastern european who likes shitting on his own for the sake of being `` different '' and `` edgy '' . 
  i ' v met a lot of these and they ' r pathetic . 
  the continent where literary 75 years ago murdered millions of people based on their ethnicity is defined by `` tolerance '' . 
  the one that had previously been murdering millions based on which king ther followed . 
  before that based on religion . 
  before that based on belonging to a civilization or a tribe . 
  europe had its last genocide 20 years ago . 
  the question in this thread is n't normative - how we want it to be , it 's positive - how * it is * . 
  and it certainly is n't tolerance that defines the history of europe , no matter the ammount of wishful thinking . 
   all this can be done , and also is done without churches . 
  people can do good stuff to other people without religion and its negative side effects . 
  he accused the churches of wasting money , i corrected him that they actually used it ( or at least the catholic ) almost entirely for charity . 
  your comment is therefore completely nonsensical in this context and just a distraction when you have nothing to say against the church being the world 's largest charity . 
   you ca n't possibly know his contribution to society . 
  i can certainly know it 's nowhere near the contribution of the church that feeds and helps millions , whilst he is accusing it of wasting money and being useless . 
  i can know that with certainty simply because it 's a statistical fact the catholic church is the world 's largest charity and helps more people daily than any other , thus i do n't need to know who he is to say he 's shitting on an organisation that helps far more than he does . 
   are you next going to tell us that angry atheists are going to start committing atrocities against religious people ? 
  if they are going to in the future i ca n't tell , but if they have done that already , in the form of killing or imprisoning millions of people for expressing religion , you only need to open 20th century history books . 
  in the ussr , eastern block , north korea , china , cambodia , vietnam and a lot of other places where atheism became state imposed this happened . 
  my own grandfather was sent to a concentration camp here in bulgaria by the communists when he was cought with a bible in his belongings whilst doing draft military service . 
  my entire family celebrated christmas in secret for decades , as did tens of millions of religious people in the state-atheist regimes of the communist countries . 
  but sure , keep pretending it 's religion that holds some monopoly over repression and atheists just ca n't possibly be the exact same thing religious fanatics are . 
  lol kurt godel is literary considered `` the father of mathematical logic '' and described as `` g\u00f6del was a convinced theist , in the christian tradition . 
  he held the notion that god was personal , which differed from the religious views of his friend albert einstein . '', 
  but sure dude , you are more logical than him . 
  :d as i wrote already , do not ever allow people to tell you you ' r delusional and ignorant , you are , in fact , a very logical and smart little snowflake of enlightment . 
   a lot of atheists are precisely my point - a lot of atheist are the way you describe them . 
  a lot of others are different . 
  then there 's still more different ones . 
  i ' v met such with very varrying degrees of disbelief or attitude towards religion . 
  you ca n't just say `` every single atheist on the planet '' is like this or that , as you did . 
   i also believe religion has no place in our world anymore . 
  at least not the current ones as they are old age stories that are extremely outdated and flawed . 
  i understand the feeling of community , but you can have feeling of community with a book club . 
  so every single thing religions preach is otudated and flawed ? 
  the core values of christianity are forgiveness , charity , non-violence and love towards other people . 
  buddhism is mainly about inner peace and also non-violence . 
  confusianism is strongly about social fluidity and communal work towards a better functioning state . 
  ( hence used a lot by the emperors of china ) which of these is `` outdated and flawed '' ? 
  compared to the `` values '' that domiante our modern societies - consumerism , egotism , apathy , greed and obsession with pleasure i 'd say we need more of the above , not less . 
  precisely my point . 
  you consider yourself more intelligent than some of humanity 's brightest scientists and people , the likes of georges lema\u00eetre or blaise pascal who could put you to shame in any form of intelligence or knowledge . 
  which is the exact same thing as when religious fanatics automatically consdier non believers or other religions less of them - less moral , less trustworthy , less reliable etc. 
  you are , in fact , the same - the fanatics among the religious and the arrogants among the atheists , in taking one common denominator and using it to condemn entire groups of people to make yourself feel superior by association . 
  both of your groups are ignorant , narcisistic , petty little people . 
  literaly no one in bulgaria does that . 
  we do n't have the guys that knock on your door and religion is quite passive in society . 
  stop trying to be like the western atheists victimising yourself or repeating their slogans word for word . 
  nope , a lot of atheists go beyond not believing , they are convinced there is n't and ca n't possibly be under any circumstances a higher power . 
  plenty also believe religion should be uprooted as they blame it for a lot of things they consider would be gone without religion . 
  atheist vary a lot and this guy explained his kind . 
  absolute waste of money when the catholic church operates around 6000 missions around the third world , orphanages , hospitals , schools , care homes that provide shelter , food and care to millions of the world 's most needing people , whilst you hate on them doing exactly nothing at home . 
  arrogant hate and blind condemnation have been a blight on religious communities throughout history , causing the worst attrocities and persecutions from religious fanatics and blind believers . 
  now we see it grow strong among the atheists , and that 's disheartening . 
  and let me guess , you are n't religious . 
  but also happen to consider yourself intelligent and a tad bit at least above the average people . 
  never let people tell you you ' r a ignorant or delusional , you ' r special . 
  very special indeed . 
  big bang theory is the work of a catholic priest , who worked at the catholic university of leuven , where it was published with support of the other clergy professors and promoted by them . 
  it has been accepted as a valid explanation of how god created the universe by the church . 
  your example is as flawed as it can get , pretty much the reverse of what you describe . 
  but that 's common with anti-theists , especially when discussing history , to give totally fals accusations and generally not know a lot about catholic history other than the memes , stereotypes and cliches they ' v seen in movies . 
  so the church teaches a , b and c , but you will only agree people follow a because it has a bad effect . 
  b and c , having a potentially good effect , are naturally fully ignored . 
  how else to portray the church as the arch-evil , right ? 
  it preaches abstinence and strongly condemns promiscuity , so its ideas would actually lower hiv rates if followed . 
  yet they are n't followed , so why think people follow its other ideas against contraception ? 
  contraception is lacking in non-christian parts of africa as well , among the traditional religions that have no control over these matters as much . 
  it 's a cultural and economic reason , not religious . 
  and being the largest charity in the world , and feeding millions , providing healthcare all over africa , operating more than 6000 missions , care homes , orphanages ... just do n't let the facts blind you , hard to be an edgy atheist feeding on his own arrogance and feeling of superiority if you do that . 
  heating . 
  russia 's selling us ridiculously ovepriced gas due to their monopoly and it shows during winter . 
  it seems the race which scandinavian will describe himself as * the most * detached from christianity has begun . 
  you guys are so cute , like teenagers trying to be * the most * dissociated with what is considered uncool at your school . 
  what 's the difference between a ban and a shadowban ? 
  `` the us supported terrorists , therefore my country is hereby forever exempt from criticism or allegations it has done the same '' . 
  solid logic mate , the kind that works miracles in pre-school . 
  oriental is kitch . 
  it was n't inevitable if he was stopped when he was weak , rather than actively help him expand as stalin did . 
  not only did he make sure they get a common border when carving up eastern europe , he then proceeded to support nazi germany with huge resources to fuel the army whist fighting in northern and western europe . 
  in fact , the last delivery of oil and grain came a day before barbarossa started . 
  stalin made sure a much smaller country expanded substantially in all directions , rather than stop it . 
  so your comment is very much telling of stalin 's absolute failure as a leader - all the things you wrote are valid and yet stalin could n't see them until the day the germans crossed the borders he had himself made sure they share . 
  `` look for yourselves '' by supporting isis and stoking war in syria against the regime . 
  sure , makes sense . 
  i hope you realize by writing that you acknowledge you have no reasonable arguments and must therefore do an ad hominem , instead of just not writing anything at all . 
  this is n't the kids playground , please argue like an adult `` or shut uuuuup '' . 
  your answer is irrelevant to the fact turkey is intervening in syria and supporting groups that try to overthrow assad . 
  which is normal , since you ' v no answer to that - on one hand you know it to be true , on the other it just does n't serve your narrative of `` turkey is just a victim of western intervention in the mid-east '' . 
  everyone indoctrinates children . 
  non-hateful people too .
