  to me it is a clear indicator of a ruling elite more interrested with its power projection than the wellbeing of its citizens . 
  yep , is it something about english culture , heritage , traditions or just genetics that makes them have [ such rampant grooming gangs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rochdale_sex_trafficking_gang ) ? 
  yes ? 
  that 's what i wrote , one of the largest budgets in the world ( 4th place actually ) . 
  you have a point or do you just repeat my point ? 
  the worst thing is they obviously think of romanian gypsies , less than 5 % of the romanian population , yet say `` romanians '' . 
  kinda like saying i do n't like the english because they are radical islamists who behead soldiers on the streets of their capital . 
  absolutely , it does n't at all sound bad when you read the entire sentance . 
  what does sound bad on the other hand is having one of the largest military budgets in the world at $ 70 billion [ and constantly increasing it ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/62/russian_military_spending_1992-2012_sipri.jpg ) , whilst your elderly live on $ 4 a day . 
  but i am not comparing greece to itself or claiming it had small corruption , i am comparing it to a country which was fundamentally more destroyed during the 20th century and should therefore have much more corruption shown on the graph , as this is what creates corruption . 
  `` to an extent '' everything can be measured with everything . 
  my point is that corruption most of all stemps from destroyed societies - economically , socially , politically , culturally . 
  when a society gets its entire intellectual regime wiped out , then two generations grow stupified by a complete submission to totalitarianism and have zero idea how a free market economy and a civil society works when that regime changes the system , corruption naturally explodes . 
  what the soviets did was n't merely keep dictatorships in place like the us did in many places . 
  they fundamentally re-engineered the societies from the bottom . 
  they destroyed all intellectuals , replaced all teachers and artists , removed people with education from the cities or downtons and replace them with pesants . 
  they forbade all private enterprise so generations end up growing without event the concept of having your own show , restaurants , business or factory possible - of running it , paying taxes etc. 
  everything was given from the state . 
  we are talking of a fundamental social engineering , not just having a dictator or a junta that are oppressive , like in greece , but effectively society continues to operate on the same basis . 
  the soviets destroyed eastern europea because they very effectively wiped out the abilities of each society to exist within a market economy and democratic society , but then ended up having to revert to the exact same systems they made sure the people had no idea how to make work . 
  all of this resulted in corruption replacing the regular channels for paying or working with the government or between people . 
  nothing like this was experienced even to a small degree by the societies from the other side of the iron courtain , no matter how many coups or juntas the us supported . 
  they are uncomparable to what fundamentally `` sovietising '' a society to its core means . 
  are you equating the fate of greece after ww2 with that of bulgaria or any of the soviet dominated countries ? 
  i am not sure what these facts have to do with what i wrote . 
  well i do n't know details , but it just seems strange to me how would a society that kept its structure after 1944 and develop as part of the western world have as much corruption as one whose entire intellecutal elite was first wiped out by the communists , then the country collapsed into nothing , then it lost almost 30 % of its population - the youngest and smartest , and then was ruled by a gang of mobsters . 
  i think objectively bulgaria should have much more corruption on this map than greece . 
  hover with the mouse . 
  bulgaria is at 6.85 and greece at 6.89 . 
  practically the same . 
  i seriously doubt greece has as much corruption as bulgaria . 
  they are 4 times richer and have n't had a complete social and political collapse like us in the 90s . 
  the entire state here collapsed and was taken over openly by mobsters and agents of the former communist services . 
  corruption is how they ruled every faucet of society for the pat 25 years with nto a single person put in jail . 
  there 's zero chance the quagmire here is even comparable to a country which , albeit suffering an economic crisis , is still a developped western state due to no half a century interruption for marxism and then its collapse . 
  that panski moustache though . 
  `` we ' r not picking up enough cabbage '' :d ahh , eastern europe . 
  if it was latvian embassy it would be about not enough potato . 
  just a friendly warning to people who 'd bother answering this guy - he 's a fellow bulgarian , either a local muslim or a very , very regressive leftist , who 's been openly racist with post saying how `` the arab world is better in everything than the western world '' or how muslims are better people than europeans . 
  he 's constantly expressed directly deragatory sentiments for europe and the western world , bordering hate . 
  he wo n't try to make sense of his statements if you argue with him or engage in civil debate , he is only in this sub to shit on europe and everything related to it . 
  he 's worse than the russian trolls in his level of argumentation , so better not waste your time with him . 
  there have only been two studies on the extend of paedophilia among the catholic church clergy . 
  one done by a former cardinal who specialized in fighting the abuse within the church and uncovering cases , and one ( suprisingly ) by the cia . 
  the first one came up with the conclusion that the 3000 cases of paedophilia in the past 50 years were about half of all actual cases . 
  of more than 600,000 people who served in the catholic clergy over the course of the past 50 years , including women and non-priests , this brings the percentage of paedophiles to about 4 % . 
  which is the same as the considered average among the human population . 
  the cia on the other hand reports of a quatre more - or 6 % of possible paedophiles among the church in the past 50 years . 
  none of these show any actual significance of the church as a `` magnet '' or `` breeding ground '' for paedophiles . 
  places like kids sports teams and schools are usually far higher in terms of percentage , yet because reporting on them is n't as `` sexy '' for the media , we do n't hear as often . 
  hence it is n't the teacher or the sports coach that is the pun of every paedophile joke , it 's the catholic priest , despite him on average being no more likely to be a paedohpile than the regular human male , and less likely than professions like teachers and coaches . 
  sources of the above : `` mean men : the priesthood is being cast as the refuge of pederasts . 
  in fact , priests seem to abuse children at the same rate as everyone else '' . 
  11 april 2010 . 
  plante , thomas , `` a perspective on clergy sexual abuse '' plante , thomas g. and courtney daniels . 
  `` the sexual abuse crisis in the roman catholic church : what psychologists and counselors should know '', 
  ahh yeah , i apologize . 
  i am sure many were the honourable robin hood type thieves . 
  they came wtih wooden bats , so as to take your possesions by only moderately beating you , not killing you . 
  and when they saw your lovely daughter they bowed their hats and moved on like the gentlemen they were . 
  ... or how the viking fanboys , wannabes , `` neo-pagans '' and proud scandinavians think it went , before the `` horrible christian propaganda '' smeared them . 
  all vikings did that , because being a viking is a profession , not an ethnicity - those nordic , germanic , frissian and even slavic people who set out to raid were called vikings [ ( old norse v\u00edking - `` marauding '' , `` piracy '' ) ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/viking ) . 
  saying `` not all vikings raided and pillaged '' is like saying `` not all pirates attacked ships '' or `` not all highwaymen robbed people '' . 
  you , of all people , should know that . 
  is the one on the left supposed to be the good example ? 
  like , they degraded since then or something ? 
  the one on the left is pretty much the medieval version of isis . 
  are you op an islamic fundamentalist ? 
  only that might explain it . 
  vikings and isis - mass rape - check mass murder - check religious fanaticism - check human slavery - check destruction of art - check religious human sacrafice in public - check murder of people on religious grounds - check paedophilia - check intentional acts of cruelty aimed at spreading fear as psychological warfare - check desire to destroy neihgbouring civilizations and colonize their lands - check op an islamist-lover - check the picture is a bit ironic , because it usually is used by people who equate the `` refugees '' in the poster of the right guy with islamic fundamentalists , isis and terrorist `` barbarians '' . 
  but then again , that 's exactly what the vikings were . 
  so you are being extra stupid to lement that the swedish no longer are the same kind of people that you do n't want europe to get filled with today . 
  that being a mass-raping , child-murdering thief is better ? 
  does it not exist ? 
  and russia is one of those poor places , not a developped state that attracts brain-drain . 
  do n't both of these dates exceed significantly the very existance of homo sapiens ? 
  does n't it mean earlier hominids did this ? 
  the germans are in the category of 1000-9999 , so they are a literary a drop in the sea and most likely entirely russians returning from germany . 
  there is a huge russian diaspora in germany and israel , so these numbers show once again only ethnic russians going back . 
  same with moldova , which also has russians . 
  as i showed you in the link above , over 3/4 of immigrants to russia are ethnic russians . 
  the other 1/4 are central asians and caucasus people from the ex-soviet republics . 
  no normal person from around the world choses to live there . 
  only uninformed idiots think democracy is just people voting for government , so your statement is kinda ironic . 
  democracy means having a civil society , which controls the organs of authority , and not the other way around . 
  this means free investigative journalism , free and independent prosecution and courts . 
  it means that if a burreaucrat askes you for bribes you have the ability to go public , send journalists or investigators against him , that he will be prosecuted and then sentenced . 
  this is a democratic society . 
  as opposed to an autocratic one , where there is a power structure around a few politicians and oligarchs , who have their own close cirlce of people and companies . 
  these people and companies can do whatever they want and no one can touch them . 
  if you try to sue someone from lukoil , rosneft or another major companie close to putin - you will first lose the battle , then get killed or destroyed . 
  same if you do it to any burreaucrat or mobster who has the protection of someone in the autocratic regime . 
  it 's not at all about just voting , it 's about the institutions functioning and there being order and justice in the country , or not . 
  ironically , the more democratic a society is the more order and justice there is - switzerland , denmark , holland , austria , japan , korea etc - societies with a high rate of convicting people for corruption , and very low rates of public corruption and crime . 
  whereas the less democratic a society , the more corrupt and crime-ridden it is - russia , venezuela , moldova , ukraine , my country bulgaria etc. 
  so do n't be an idiot like the people you despise yourself and try to learn what a democratic , civil society means and how it functions as opposed to corrupt autocratic regimes . 
  so what i wrote - ex soviet republics and ethnic russians . 
  basically only russians want to emigrate to russia , yet the guy above tries to show it as if russia is some kind of a world immigration destination . 
  `` in recent years , most immigrants have come from armenia , kyrgyzstan , ukraine , moldova , tajikistan and uzbekistan . 
  this has resulted in ethnic tension .
