  so he ca n't have a personal opinion on the matter and is stupid if he has one diverging from his country 's official one ? 
  should ' t have occupied them in the first place and [ massacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chios_massacre ) for centuries . 
  why does being pro-armenian and pro-greek have to be a bad thing ? 
  it just so happens turks took lots of land from lots of peoples , sorry being on the side of small nations means being anti-turkish historically , but it 's not like that is n't the turks ' fault . 
  i , for one , find nothing embarassing/bad about regretting one of the oldest countries in the world - armenia , is n't much bigger than it ended up because of the turks . 
  how come ? 
  those who whine about multiculturalism certainly do n't want to revive the ottoman empire . 
  why is association with benito mussolini accurate for trump ? 
  it 's almost as far from him and his policies as when they compare him to hitler . 
  similar argument to `` you are missing the part where president hindenburg literally gave hitler the chancelorship after popular democracy gave the nazis most votes in the reichstag . 
  if it was n't for the president and universal democracy a broke artist like hitler would have never managed his rise to power . '', 
  how is this example a proof of it ? 
  you make extremely casual correlations , easily [ proven wrong ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k12teooksqm ) . 
  demoracy is a recent , short-lived experiment that has already cost us much , but due to its correlation with the technological explosion that started before it , few people see it . 
  same thing , still a monarchy and not a representative , universal democracy . 
  as long as the latter experiment ends without causing much more damage , it does n't matter how you call your ruler . 
  and a democratic , republican weimar led the germans to nazism . 
  your point being ? 
  i ca n't wait for the republican phase of our history to end so we can stop experimenting with popular democracy and go back to efficient and hierarchical systems of governance , such as monarchies . 
  i only fear the idiocracy of the massess , weaponized by popular democracy and universal suffrage , could end our civilization or species before this democratic experiment ends . 
  here 's to a kingdom of italy , sooner preferably than later . 
   the other bulgaria you good greek , best greek . 
  should we accept acts of vandalism done in our countries by such anti-gay people demanding we criminalize homosexuality ? 
  if , say , a bunch of kurds in germany vandalize the brandenburg gate in order to raise awareness of the ongoing barbaric acts of legal sodomy in europe , should we merely wave a hand at it as `` simply activism '' , or persecute these people for their vandalism , as i say these people in denmark should be ? 
  not really , i just add yet another example , absolutely the same in nature , as the thing that is already being discussed and moscow accused of . 
  it would be whataboutism if i suddenly asked `` yeah , then what do you have to say about the aids epidemic in your country , eh , eeeh ??? '', 
  i do n't , i add one more example of the same thing to show moscow actually had a habit of stealing the gold reserves of its eastern satellites , romania was not an exception or a single incident . 
  and what 's the convenient justification for the bulgarian 26 tonnes taken in 1962 under orders from the kremlin as part of a forced `` exchange '' of currency , during which exchange the gold is supposed to be a guarantee , but then they keep stalling its return and after the fall of the ussr the new regime just forgets about the deal ? 
  what is bravery then ? 
  regardless . 
  any display of courage takes strong conviction in something , some idea or ideal , to be able to give said person the ability to overcome basic evolutionary instincts of preservation . 
  one does n't negate the other and you do n't have to polarize the world like a child in terms of evil people only possessing negative traits . 
  they can also exhibit otherwise positive traits such as courage and sacrifice , whilst doing an evil thing . 
  the world is complex and nuanced , not a disney movie . 
  i think it takes courage to be a kamikadze . 
  like ? 
  whereas i said what i believe in , and why these people ca n't and should n't be pressured to change whatever ways are deemed barbaric by said activists . 
  about 4 billion people on earth , mostly muslims , south asians and africans , consider homosexuality barbaric , but i bet you do n't think they should have the right to pressure any given country to criminalize it , do you ? 
  you would likely tell them to mind their own fucking business and leave , say , taiwan which recently legalized gay marriage to decide for itself what is barbaric and what is n't . 
  that applies to everything and every society . 
  be an activist in trying to promote an idea within a society , not in trying to get other societies to pressure change upon it . 
  ... and entirely up to the people there to decide if they want to abandon or not . 
  not an international issue for activists to demand pressure or action from outside of the community . 
  nature, 
  properly distorted by income inequality . 
  to claim the average iraqi takes home more money each year than the average romanian , hungarian or turkish is laughable . 
  or that the average indian does more than bulgarian or montenegrin . 
  this statistic is utterly useless . 
  now you ' r def taking the piss . 
  fair enough . 
  what about my position got you offended . 
  ( my real position that is , the one i explained clearly , not the made up ones you attributed to me please ), 
  you know very well what i say but choose to play dumb . 
  this is n't quality trolling in the way you think it is , it 's quite cringy instead . 
  i do n't advocate for white nationalism , in fact i have zero feelings of belonging to other `` white '' nations . 
  i advocate for the advantages that a fairly homogeneous society has over strongly divided ones on the lines of race , religion , ethnicity etc. 
  hence i gave japan , korea and others as examples of societies that , trough their homogeneity , have avoided the many negative occurrences , social strife and unnecessary problems that diverse societies exhibit . 
  thus , of course japan and korea are the same examples for what i advocate as poland , hungary , ireland etc. 
  because what i advocate is n't `` white nationalism '' , it 's the merits of a stable , peaceful and united homogeneous society . 
  you are a white , right wing troll . 
  i too am white and right wing , but i do not see the need to defend my beliefs with trolling and shitposting , perhaps because i trust in their validity enough . 
  but islam is n't centerpiece to all those other empires that expanded in europe at the time . 
  islam is objectively a worse fate for europe than what it got , so of course it was saved by stopping them . 
  `` the public area '' is me , my family , and my extended family , as an ethnic group is perceived by definition . 
  all the fellow members of my ethnic group ( polish ) formed a nation and a country throughout the centuries , which we now manage together . 
  the vast majority of us wants to keep that structure as it enables us to live in one of the most peaceful and least violent societies in the world , with no ethnic , racial or religious clashes and tensions like in every single diverse society on the planet . 
  why should we trade this system - a stable one that is proven to be better in countries like poland , japan , korea , ireland or czech republic , for a proven unstable system of a racially or ethnicly diverse society , that brings unnecessary conflicts , tensions and problems to solve ? 
  i 'm afraid the answer `` cuz it 's racist if you do n't '' is not sufficient for us to bring over the unnecessary problems of diverse societies . 
  my ancestors were of a specific race , my parents were , i am and and i want my children to be , so there is continuity of perceived ancestry across my family , my ethnic group and my nation . 
  if this is a racist attitude then you ' r making racism sound normal . 
  ( although to me it is n't normal , and refers to specifically hating people of other races or treating them badly , not merely acknowledging your own race and not wanting it replaced in your ancestral lands ), 
  it includes much more than that , such as forced speech . 
  i find it highly authoritarian to grant the state power to punish people if they * do n't * say something . 
  that 's either the portoguese leader or the king of the romani people , not sure got ta check it . 
  i hear malmo might soon be neither danish nor swedish . 
  did n't you swedes take like half of their country ? 
  how much more do you want them to suffer ? 
  and yet you are actually wrong , because [ cyrillic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_cyrillic_alphabet ) directly derives from an attempt to fit glagolithic to bulgarian language , and was done in bulgaria . 
  what other problem ? 
  you treat people like they are just numbers on a board . 
  europeans do n't want them , so you ca n't force them . 
  glagolithic , the creation of cyril and methodius , was created in moravia for the moravian slavs , so west slavic in fact . 
  its modernized version - cyrilic , creation of the preslav literary school in bulgaria , was created by bulgarians for bulgarians , so south slavic . 
  basically every other type of slavic ** besides ** east slavic . 
  you could n't be more wrong if you tried . 
  modern europe is by definition blasphemous , to all religions and religion in general , at least since the adoption of secularism . 
  christians such as myself deal with it and do nothing about , say , stand up comedians like ricky gervaise who shit on our religion openly , or black metal concerts etc. 
  if these people ca n't take it and deal with blasphemy against islam they should n't be coming to europe . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the vast , vast majority of terrorist attacks in europe are carried out by muslims born in europe , often even to parents born here . 
  they never lived in said destroyed countries , never experienced the destruction or bombings there . 
  they are europeans - germans , english , french , swedish etc. , as much as any other european - right ? 
  or at least that 's what progressive multicutralists keep saying . 
  so why would a 100 % german guy by the name of ali decide to plow through a christmass market ? 
  he never experienced war or suffered the conflicts or interventions in the middle east ? 
  why should he want to do any more so than a german guy named hans ? 
  after all , they are both 100 % german , correct ? 
  both born and raised in peaceful germany , never having suffered war . 
  both `` europeans '' , correct ? 
  so why are `` 100 % europeans '' deciding to bomb europe - their `` own home '' ?
