  a poor syrian in lebanon is in no worse situation than a regular somalian , congolese , nicaraguan , afghani , most of pakistanis , many indians , people in chad , niger and a hundred other countries . 
  all these people are in the same cathegory - not in an immediate war zone , hence not refugees , but very poor . 
  europe has no obligation to take in any ammount of people from this group , it only has towards refugees - hence people in immediate danger . 
  this can only happen by directly taking people from syria and iraq , because as soon as they leave them , they are now just poor people in peaceful countries . 
  no different than a 3 billion others . 
  do you think some of these 3 billion are more deserving of being given the opportunity for good life than others ? 
  syrians somehow deserve it more than somalis ? 
  iraqis do more than people in angola ? 
  or do you want to take all 3 billion in europe ? 
  what was asked was what peaceful countries there are for them to go to if they come from africa . 
  morocco is closer than germany or sweden and without an entire sea in between for them to drown in . 
  your comment makes zero sense . 
  you just have nothing to say now that you ' v been given an example of what you asked :  i did n't know eritrea is surrounded by the mediterranean . 
  or syria , or iraq , or afghanistan . 
  if only there were dozens of peaceful countries for them to go to without risking their lives in the med ... like ? 
  so you do agree migrants look for opportunity , rather than simply `` flee war '' ? 
  making them precisely that - economic migrants , not refugees . 
  the cornerstone of the entire debate what to do and whether to let them in . 
  the guy says europe is killing these people . 
  i ask how - he says by selling weapons to them . 
  then somehow * i 'm * the one `` projecting his issues with arms sales '' . 
  `` tenuous '' definitely defines his grasp of reality . 
  i did what you wrote - that the eu is `` killing '' these people . 
  you literary wrote that before i commented . 
  go back and see . 
  then i argued why selling weapons in the first place is n't `` killing '' the people or causing the wars in this post :  they are n't causing war in syria because selling weapons to a country does n't cause war in it . 
  people are n't children , whom given weapons to suddenly start killing each other . 
  you treat those people condescendingly . 
  almost in a racist manner - as if they have to be kept away from weapons or else they will naturally start using them to kill eachother , and thus it 's the fault of the one who sols the weapons to them . 
  as if they fight because the germans gave them weapons . 
  this is moronic - people fight for their social , political and ideological reasons . 
  if they have no weapons they will kill 800,000 with wooden bats and machetes , as they did in rwanda in just a few weeks time in the 90s , without anyone selling them weapons . 
  or the will make weapons as they do in afghanistan in makeshift workshops . 
  hence germany does n't cause war by selling weapons because it is n't the weapons that are needed to cause war , it 's the social , political and ideological grounds for it . 
  of which you cowardly chose to just quote the first sentence and make a snarky remark about gun violence in the us and belgium . 
  a pathetic escape from the inability to answer the rest of the comment . 
  so again i ask , who are you trying to fool here ? 
  it 's not yourself obviously , cause you seem self-aware enough to run fast from this arugment . 
  refugees go almost exclusively to germany and sweden , not to france , your link is meaningless . 
  i argued in leanght why in the first place selling weapons to a country is n't equal for bearing responsibility for its wars . 
  adress some of the arguments i put there instead of trying to prove who sold weapons where . 
  where does my tax money go ? 
  my argument was the countries you acuse of `` fueling the war '' in these states do n't sell to them . 
  germany and sweden sell to the eu , india , china and south america almost exclusively . 
  not to syria , iraq , afghanistan or somalia . 
  russia , china and the us do . 
  yet you fled like a rat from addressing this argument to the point of pathetically throwing childish comments at single sentences . 
  you know how helpless you appear here or else you would n't be so obviously running away from addressing the multiple points i gave , including the above one , by quoting only single sences from entire posts . 
  so if you know you appear helpless , i know it , and people reading this know it - who are you fooling ? 
  this is such a pathetically weak answer to the conversation we ' v had i wo n't even bother trying to argue the point of this topic with you anymore . 
  you can see for yourself which one is giving detailed points about the whole issue , and which one is acting like a kid trying to run away from an argument he 's losing by throwing immature remarks . 
  you do n't appear witty by taking a sentance out of an extensive answer and ridiculing it , you appear desperate . 
  just so you know why people might not take you seriously in life . 
  they are n't causing war in syria because selling weapons to a country does n't cause war in it . 
  people are n't children , whom given weapons to suddenly start killing each other . 
  you treat those people condescendingly . 
  almost in a racist manner - as if they have to be kept away from weapons or else they will naturally start using them to kill eachother , and thus it 's the fault of the one who sols the weapons to them . 
  as if they fight because the germans gave them weapons . 
  this is moronic - people fight for their social , political and ideological reasons . 
  if they have no weapons they will kill 800,000 with wooden bats and machetes , as they did in rwanda in just a few weeks time in the 90s , without anyone selling them weapons . 
  or the will make weapons as they do in afghanistan in makeshift workshops . 
  hence germany does n't cause war by selling weapons because it is n't the weapons that are needed to cause war , it 's the social , political and ideological grounds for it . 
  but the funny part is - even if weapons magically whispered to people to start civil wars , even then germany and sweden would n't be responsible for the wars in syria , somalia , eritrea or afghanistan , since they do n't sell there . 
  sweden banned the export to such countries , and germany never did export to them , they orient towards developped markets . 
  it is russia and china who export to syria , iraq and afghanistan , whilst the us does to pakistan and nigeria . 
  if you claim those who `` fuel the war '' - by exporting weapons , should take the refugees from these wars , then why then insist germany and sweden take the refugees if it was russia , china and the us who sold the weapons ? 
  you are contradiction youself by not knowing which country sells to whom . 
  i ask again , how are wars or poverty in eritrea , somalia , nigeria , pakistan , afghanistan , iraq and syria `` funded , expanded , and prolonged '' by germany , norway and sweden . 
  selling weapons is n't an answer , as they sell weapons to countless peaceful countries too , without this causing war . 
  weapons do n't whisper to you to start wars and fight them , they are tools . 
  tools which poor countries get from other 3 states - russia , china and the us are the world 's top producers and exporters of weapons , particularly to these countries . 
  so why are n't you saying china and russia for example should take these migrants ? 
  why the eu ? 
  germany and sweden mainly export to developped states , like greece . 
  so give an actual argument to support your claim germany , sweden and norway - the principle locations for these migrants , are `` funding , expanding and prolonging '' the wars these people flee from . 
  germany , norway and sweden are fuelling war in eritrea , somalia , nigeria , pakistan , afghanistan , iraq and syria ? 
  you are extremely delued as to the whole situation and suffering the typica liberal white guilt and leftist wealth guilt . 
  what is worse , you project it onto countries and people who have nothing to do with wars in the third world . 
  the situation is much more simple - there are 3 billion people living in poverty around the world , all of them would rather they lived in sweden or norway , some decide to take on that dangerous journey . 
  it 's their choice , their fault . 
  europe is n't responsible for housing the world 's poor . 
  i did n't know eritrea is surrounded by the mediterranean . 
  or syria , or iraq , or afghanistan . 
  if only there were dozens of peaceful countries for them to go to without risking their lives in the med ... 
  there are luk oil and state duma officials running around * inside * our capital paying off our corrupt , moscow university graduate politicians from the ex-communist regime that served the kremlin , buying off entire chunks of the country for scraps , financing anti-eu and anti-nato media and parties , sabotaging the same judicial reforms that made romania crack down on corruption because it would cut off their entire influence tool in the country ... etc. 
  so , you see , saying `` moscow is 1000km away from the balkans '' as an argument that it does n't meddle negatively is as stupid as saying the us does n't because it 's an ocean away . 
  the us is far , far more than 1000 km away yet your kind sees washington 's hand in every single thing happening in the balkans . 
  ( that is negative ), 
  you seem to shoot in many directions . 
  you suddenly go off into seemingly unrelated things . 
  `` evolving '' is meaningless in this contxt . 
  a national identity and its desire for a state of their own exists . 
  it does n't `` evolve '' or `` devolve '' - it ca n't . 
  there either are people in a territory who share a national identity and want to have a state structure which preserves the historical continuity of it and promotes it , or are n't . 
  if one day there wo n't be a majority of people in this land who share the historical identity of the bulgarians and want a state for this specific nation , there wo n't be such a state any more . 
  there will be some nation-less , faceless , sterile burreaucratic administration . 
  until that day , there will continue to be a nation state of the bulgarians , made to preserve and promote the bulgarian language , to teach the history of the bulgarian people , to promote in all children growing up within its borders purely and solely the bulgarian identity and loyalty . 
  because there is no other such state in the world to do it , whilst there are millions of people who want to have such a structure , called bulgarians . 
  the turks have their own such structure , promoting the same for the turkish side . 
  hence , neither we are being `` dicks '' to them by having a nation-state tailored towards our own nation , nor they to our co-nationals there .
