  the 19th century revolution and the first balkan war . 
  i 'd say the two are at the very leat tied , with bulgaria having a significantly longer history of wars with serbia . 
  ( by like half a millenium ), 
  end of first balkan war , serbia to greece : `` hi there , did n't expect to have common border with you after taking all that bulgarian clay in macedonia !, 
  pesky bulgarians now asking for it as we agreed at start of the war and after they contributed the most to fighting the turks head on in thrace . 
  listen chap , how about we tell them to fuck off , keep all that bulgarian land they fought for , and make an alliance between us two against them ? 
  just in case . '', 
  greece : `` sure thing mate , i 'll even send my crown-prince to belgrade to sign the alliance . '', 
  bulgaria proposes redistribution of all conquered turkish land on ethnic basis and after local plebiscites . 
  serbia naturally opposes , having taken more than 50 % of land with non-serbs . 
  greece backs it up , so bulgaria tries taking those lands by itself . 
  sneaky romanians strike from the back , turks get in on the party , everyone wins expect for bulgaria and historic justice for ethnic minorities . 
  yay . 
  at least the thieving serbs ended up smaller and poorer than us . 
  there is a god . 
  pls donate papa sam-u, 
  most of our ships are fishing boats with painted brooms for guns to scare the turks and dolphins away . 
  the issue is far more complex than a person without any knowlege on the science of it can comprehend , such as yourself . 
  the scientific community has an overwhelming consensus on the human cause of global warming through carbon emissions among other things . 
  people like who deny it have always had two things in common - a clear political agenda and zero scientific education . 
  you are the equivalent of the flat-earth theorists `` the scientists are lying to you !, 
  sheeple , wake up !, 
  the earth is flat ! '', 
  what if i have zero negative stereotypes or negative opinions on muslims , do n't see them as terrorists or rapist , but still massively oppose the steady rise of them as percentage of this continent out of purely demographic reasons . 
  what if i 'm against muslim immigration cause i just do n't want to see europe with a significant minority or one day majority of people from any other traditional belief than christianity or atheism ? 
  how am i classified ? 
  what social campaign is the `` cure '' to my beliefs ? 
  then change the state/church status . 
  the state can run its own schools and then decide who gets in . 
  if it leaves that to the church it 's no wonder it will try and promote christianity - that 's the purpose of its existence . 
  the us annexed ukraine ? 
  happens in all poor countries with cold winters . 
  watch the british doccumentary on the bucharest junkie colony under the ground . 
  balkan war https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=goa4vl4wceg, 
  that hits me with some strong cognitive dissonance considering how much i despise the soviets on one hand and how fucking cool this is on the other . 
  nothing brings lokum to unruly balkanite hajduks like janissary do n't you agree efendi ? 
  only visually though right ? 
  from what i ' v seen from boris he seems quite more educated and well , sane . 
  recently saw his debate on iqsquare about greece and rome . 
  that looks surprisingly pleasing . 
  i think i 'll try and make that blue blob on eu iv . 
  it is the elite that signs an edict or enacts a law . 
  in that case , this edict as a historic acomplishment is therefore a hungarian one , part of the history of the hungarians , if it was a hungarian elite that came up with it and signed it . 
  the `` but '' is because i was just getting the vibe of this event being put across as a romanian acomplishment to counter the polish one we had a post about . 
  being exploited by a minimum pay job is better than being a jobless burden on society . 
  expeditions in the mid-east , shooting dissidents , massive information war with `` troll centers '' , huge corruption export through energy deals of its oligarchs ... 
  i mean , they ' r practically the same !, 
  but was n't the principality of transylvania 448 years ago a predominantly hungarian one ? 
  the wiki article describes the edict as : '' ... born due the special political , social and religious situation in the kingdom of hungary in the 16th century . '', 
  issued by `` king j\u00e1nos zsigmond z\u00e1polya of hungary , encouraged by his unitarian minister ferenc d\u00e1vid '' and as an attempt to allievate predominantly the protestant - catholic tensions of the hungarians . 
  your history knowledge is appalling . 
  nothing you wrote above is correct , not a word . 
  both her and catherine . 
  they make the bulk of the wars . 
  it 's like seashells on rock . 
  you both inherited it , and could be granted for services . 
  that 's how it got so big - people were often granted it for exceptional service , particurarly during wars , of which there were plenty . 
  they were n't a tiny fraction . 
  the polish-lth commonwealth had a huge orthodox population , constituting the majority of the lithuanian dutchy and of the ukrainian lands . 
  it also had the largest group of jews in the entire world , with many cities having up to 30-50 % jews . 
  protestants were plenty around the baltic . 
  it was nothing like the catholic ( or ethnic ) homogenity of modern poland , but rather perhaps the most heterogeneus of the large countries . 
  yes , they are u/ama _ deo 's , that 's the person i 'm talking to . 
  was england not the driving factor in imposing protestantism on the britsh islands , which eventually caused the catholic-protestant divide in ireland ? 
  was england not the driving factor in the extension of control over the entire island of ireland from the eventually protestant mainland ? 
  was england not the centre of control of the uk and then the british empire , which ruled over ireland and encouraged the protestantisation of the north and the development of a parallel , british identity for its citizens ? 
  the plantation lasted during the reign of a single king . 
  the process of making ni protestant and british took centuries and was the direct result of great britain 's occupation of ireland . 
  a country ruled from london , wtih a distinctly english elite and core . 
  why exactly hitties ? 
  why not colchians ? 
  or lycians ? 
  or carians ? 
  or hurrians ? 
  or isaurians ? 
  or luwians ? 
  or lydians ? 
  or mysians ? 
  or lycaonians ? 
  or pamphylians ? 
  or pisidians ? 
  or sidians ? 
  let me guess - because you personally have an affinity over the hittites or just do n't know about the others . 
  unfortunately , that 's exactly what ireland is - a country in the germanic linguistic group . 
  unless you revive your celtic language . 
  germanic/celtic/latin / slavic/turkic are just that - merely linguistic groups determined by what is your mother tongue . 
  did you miss the interest calculation part ? 
  did n't england create the division in ireland ? 
  i do n't recall the scottish occupying the island and imposing protestantism on the northern part of it . 
  your mess , you deal with it . 
  you are pathetically twisting your own words when you ' r cornered . 
  exactly what happened was : u/kalleluuja :  i prefer democracy and freedoms over wealth . 
  i prefer values over money . 
  then you :  that 's an attidute of most europeans . 
  that 's why this continent is getting less powerful each year . 
  then later you :  when i said europe is getting weak because of democracy ? 
  citate me please . 
  you are `` arguing '' , if that can be called such , like a hepless little weasel . 
  i imagine a frustrated teenager on the other side , who 's not yet developped the cognitive or emotional maturity to have a debate . 
  fair enough then , i believe you it was entirely decisions made directly by duda and pis that spurred the economy - care to list them to me ?
