  you make two obvious and correct historical statements who in no way refute anything i ' v written here , which you seemed to have an issue with when beginning your original comment with `` but '' etc. 
  `` who stabbed its allies '' - no , showing the middle finger to bulgaria in splitting macedonia according to the pre-war agreement they had and after it was the chief reason bulgaria at all joined the league and then carried the blunt of the war with most soldiers and casualties only to be robbed of its main goal is the stabbing part . 
  `` and attacked them '' that it did , for the above reason . 
  do n't see how this classifies it as `` going hitler '' , which is why i wrote the above explanation in the first place . 
  lol , shut you up real fast . 
  next time do n't embarrass yourself with topics you seem not really versed in . 
   that 's cause you went all hitler in the balkans . 
  first , i am polish , we never were in the balkans to begin with . 
  secondly , bulgaria declared war on serbia and greece after the former refused its pre-war agreement with bulgaria on spliting the land in macedonia . 
  not only is this hardly `` going hitler '' , but it has nothing to do with romania , so justifying romania 's pure backstabbing land grab as some kind of intervention is pathetic . 
  what are you , 12 ? 
  you sound like someone ready to make the most obvious even to yourself bullshit claims just to win an argument . 
  grow up . 
   romania declared war on the austro-hungarian empire ergo , on the central powers that bulgaria was already a part of . 
  there were no separete wars with separate members of the entente and central powers , you declare war on one you declare war on the entire block , it 's why we call it a world war , i am certain you ca n't be that daft to miss this point so i am again going to blame it on you just being unable to take an adult step back when you have been proven wrong . 
   treaty of craiova . 
  was bulgarian `` backstabbing '' of romania ? 
  or a treaty the two countries signed where romania peacefully returned the exact same land it stole from bulgaria in 1913 with its backstabbing landgrab ? 
  the same you accuse bulgaria of , despite there being not a singe piece of land bulgaria ever stole from romania in a similar invasion , whilst the opposite being true for romania . 
  you are literary accusing bulgaria of what romania did to it and not vice versa . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  romania is the one who declared war on the central powers in ww1 , 2 years after itself backstabbing bulgaria which was fighting greece and serbia in the second balkan war . 
  in ww1 bulgaria merely tried to recover the land stolen by romania in said backstabbing . 
  in ww2 bulgaria and romania were allies and never fought . 
  you seem woefully uneducated on this part of history . 
  you are correct we should work on the second pair of words you use here , authoritarian and corrupt . 
  the first two , on the other hand , are desperately needed for european people to survive this century , and in this regard the v4 does seem to be only beacon of rationality . 
  when has bulgaria ever `` backstabbed '' romania ? 
  nice . 
  no one denies that a scrip developed in bulgaria , in the bulgarian literary school of preslav , with the support of the bulgarian ruler , for the purpose of the bulgarian people ... was named after a person from byzantium . 
  how does the last part nullify the first one ? 
  it 's a thoroughly bulgarian cultural product , named after cyril , not done by him . 
  you are more than free to go help anyone you wish wherever they need that help . 
  you are n't free to make a decision for all you share a country with to let in millions of people in it . 
  same as when you share a home with someone and want to help some poor people outside you first need to get the consent of those you share the home with . 
  if they do n't give it to you - you are free to leave your home and go help the poor people elsewhere . 
  leftists like you should stop thinking they have a moral right to force those they share their societies with `` in the name of '' something you personally really like/want to happen . 
  if a significant enough ammount of people in any european country do not want millions of africans or muslims , then that country 's borders should remain closed . 
  anyone within them like you is free to go help people in africa or elsewhere . 
  on the last point - they attacked only the serbs and greeks in the region of macedonia , which was contested . 
  their lovely and `` trustful '' neighbors from all sides then decided to exploit the weakness and stab them in the back to get a piece of land . 
  so i 'd say it 's quite different from germany , which was n't attacked in ww2 in a moment of weakness by opportunist neighbors seeking its lands . 
  i go on reddit to * escape * a world of fiki and azis mate , not encounter it even here !, 
  you compare single digits to tens of millions . 
  if dozens or even hundreds still cross it every year it would be mission accomplished in stopping the massive wave . 
  no , they are underdevelopped because they never have been developped to begin with . 
  there is not `` fair share of resources '' nor a scarcity of such for nations to establish working institutions , fight corruption , build infrastructure and establish all needed to turn a dirt poor nation like south korea for example 60 years ago into a first world one like it is today . 
  which might take longer than the point at which overpopulation sends massive waves of people towards europe . 
  because you do n't just `` get richer '' in a snap . 
  what we should care for is protecting europe 's borders , they can get rich even as late as the 22nd century . 
  female sterilization during their first birth procedure . 
  no questions asked , doctors just do it and that 's that , women wo n't even realize it was done to them , just wonder why they ca n't get pregnant ever again . 
  suddenly africa 's fertility drops to 1 . 
  neither should we judge them for their large families , nor should anyone judge us if we decide to protect our societies , nations , peoples and cultures from replacement by stopping any migrant wave , with force if necessary . 
  they have the right to breed as much as they wish - we have the right to defend our societies and shoot on sight at our borders . 
  fair enough ? 
  we can actually . 
  shooting their boats for a month will be enough to complete discourage anyone else to try that route for years to come . 
  they are n't suicidal . 
  the refugees are an insignificant minority of the millions of africans and asians who have come and keep coming to europe . 
  the 8 million maghrebis in france , the 3 million turks in germany , the pakis in the uk etc. 
  - his question above is valid - why are we told to accept them as `` as much european/german/french / english etc as us '' , when we were here for thousands of years before them , and they are nothing but very , very recent arrivals ? 
  in exchange for eastern thrace you stole after ww1 you can have that living space in fyrom . 
  which part of fyrom has greeks in it ? 
  you already took all of macedonia that had greeks in it , plus a considerable portion that did n't . 
  just albanians . 
   same as the slavs in fyrom are just bulgarians . 
  no need for made up , 20th or 21st century identities . 
   call yourself western bulgaria or vardar bulgaria or  just split the country between albania and bulgaria already , we all know it will happen this century anyway, 
  indeed , people were `` less than perfectly happy '' . 
  i love how you sugar coated a despicable , sad and criminal period in a country 's history under a dictatorial regime , who did this for example : overplanned parenthood : ceausescu 's cruel law nicolae ceausescu loved nothing better than a monument to himself . 
  but his ministerial palaces and avenues paled next to another of his schemes for building socialism : a plan to increase romania 's population from 23 million to 30 million by the year 2000 . 
  he began his campaign in 1966 with a decree that virtually made pregnancy a state policy . 
  `` the fetus is the property of the entire society , '' ceausescu proclaimed . 
  `` anyone who avoids having children is a deserter who abandons the laws of national continuity . '', 
  it was one of the late dictator 's cruelest commands . 
  at first romania 's birthrate nearly doubled . 
  but poor nutrition and inadequate prenatal care endangered many pregnant women . 
  the country 's infant-mortality rate soard to 83 deaths in every 1,000 births ( against a western european average of less than 10 per thousand ) . 
  about one in 10 babies was born underweight ; newborns weighing 1,500 grams ( 3 pounds , 5 ounces ) were classified as miscarriages and denied treatment . 
  unwanted survivors often ended up in orphanages . 
  `` the law only forbade abortion , '' says dr. alexander floran anca of bucharest . 
  `` it did nothing to promote life . '', 
  ceausescu made mockery of family planning . 
  he forbade sex education . 
  books on human sexuality and reproduction were classified as `` state secrets , '' to be used only as medical textbooks . 
  with contraception banned , romanians had to smuggle in condoms and birth-control pills . 
  though strictly illegal , abortions remained a widespread birth-control measure of last resort . 
  nationwide , western sources estimate , 60 percent of all pregnancies ended in abortion or miscarriage . 
  the government 's enforcement techniques were as bad as the law . 
  women under the age of 45 were rounded up at their workplaces every one to three months and taken to clinics , where they were examined for signs of pregnancy , often in the presence of government agents - dubbed the `` menstrual police '' by some romanians . 
  a pregnant woman who failed to `` produce '' a baby at the proper time could expect to be summoned for questioning . 
  women who miscarried were suspected of arranging an abortion . 
  some doctors resorted for forging statistics . 
  `` if a child died in our district , we lost 10 to 25 percent of our salary , '' says dr. geta stanescu of bucharest . 
  `` but it was n't our fault : we had no medicine or milk , and the families were poor . '', 
  abortion was legal in some cases : if a woman was over 40 , if she already had four children , if her life was in danger - or , in practice , if she had communist party connections . 
  otherwise , illegal abortions cost from two to four months ' wages . 
  if something went wrong , the legal consequences were enough to deter many women from seeking timely medical help . 
  `` usually women were so terrified to come to the hospital that by the time we saw them it was too late , '' says dr. anca .
