  all that blood and destruction is on moscow 's hands . 
  no the fyroms think we are tatars with slanted eyes who lie about them being bulgarians . 
  they do n't think we backstabbed them since we never actually had wars between our countries . 
  the serbs on the other hand love to refer to the second balkan war as a backstabbing of bulgaria , conveniently forgetting they did it to us first in 1885 . 
  i was also surprised to find out we might be the closest to the romanians in all those aspects when i studied abroad and made a ton of ro friends . 
  it was quite funny to drink palinka or rakia together and find out all the common words we ' v got despite the different linguistic groups , or the common food stuff , sayings , habits etc. 
  similar justifications why we hate one another . 
  `` backstabbers '' - `` stole our land '' - `` great power puppets '' etc. 
  you are bulgarian yourself , this thread was about what country besides your own you feel connected to . 
  i have found them to be profoundly different from us whenever i ' v interacted with them on the seaside or when i was studying abroad . 
  nothing typically `` balkan '' about the russians , nothing `` southern '' as is our mentality and culture . 
  they were quite stingy ( more so than even the germans ) , quite cold and distant besides when they get drunk . 
  i ' v found bulgarians much more related in almost all cultural aspects - mentality , attitude , way of speaking and even food/drink to the romanians surprisingly . 
  mate , seriously ? 
  almost everyone 's got a flair . 
  because we ' r bulgarian of course . 
  is n't it logical/obvious ? 
  i had to read history books by russian historians whilst studying in the uk . 
  besides , a historian 's sources , research and objectivity are what matter , not his nationality . 
  the reason soviet historians should n't be taught is n't their nationality , but their political filter . 
  i guess france is n't russia then ? 
  no one has distorted russian history more than russian `` historians '' . 
  if i were russian i 'd rather read about my history from any other nationality 's books than mine . 
  stop embarassing us jackass . 
  peru , naturally . 
  you are obviously unaware of the monstrously huge small artists and local bands arena in london . 
  it 's teeming with artists from across all of europe who are trying to get into a big music lable by playing in the local pubs . 
  because they are mercenaries paid for , organized , trained and armed by the russian army , not `` self organized volunteers '' who just happened to find tanks , heavy artilery and anti-aircraft missiles in the local shop . 
  they started a war that cost the lives of many and destroyed the region just so the kremlin can hold ukraine hostage through a frozen conflict . 
  you would n't ask me that question had you read anything about transnistria , abkzasia , ossetia or nagorno-kharabkh - russia has been doing this exact same routine plenty of times now and hold plenty other countries hostage with a frozen conflict like this . 
  the russian mercenaries must be crushed so that ukraine can avoid that fate . 
  vienna in my opinion is perfect . 
  the heart of old europa . 
  the last frontline against the ottomans . 
  the capital of a fallen empire that was multicultural and multi-religious . 
  and an overall amazing city that is by far the most livable and pleasant of all european capitals . 
  it just gives off the best `` europa '' vibe in my opinion - cultured , dignified , old , imperial , yet not as much colonial or `` new world heritage '' as paris or london . 
  just . 
  pure . 
  old . 
  europe . 
  lived there for 4 years during my studies and proper laughed at that comment . 
  good one . 
  there 's no one place in europe where all of these meet . 
  it just ca n't be put down to one geographic place . 
  which is why i 'd rather put it in a place that is both historically important and georgraphically central . 
  vienna in my opinion is perfect . 
  the heart of old europa . 
  the last frontline against the ottomans . 
  the capital of a fallen empire that was multicultural and multi-religious . 
  and an overall amazing city that is by far the most livable and pleasant of all european capitals . 
  it just gives off the best `` europa '' vibe in my opinion - cultured , dignified , old , imperial , yet not as much colonial or `` new world heritage '' as paris or london . 
  just . 
  pure . 
  old . 
  europe . 
  that 's ridiculous - berlin is like a dwarf compared to most capitals - be it london , paris , madrid or rome . 
  in all aspects . 
  as for culture - in terms of modern , mass culture that 's 100 % london - the heartland of all important music labels , tv labels , movie studios etc. 
  can you give me as influential german example of top gear , sherlock , downton abbey ; the beatles and general british rock/pop scene or movies made entirely in britain or with british casts like game of thrones , the new star wars etc. 
  england is by far the cultural capital of europe in pop terms , whilst paris would be the one in high terms - fashion , art , museums . 
  berlin ca n't beat those two in any of the categories . 
  what does berlin have more than london ? 
  tv shows not nearly as popular across the entire continent . 
  music bands/singers neither . 
  record labels ? 
  movie industry ? 
  it 's just a rather cheap , leftist-leaning hippie city with lots of subsidies from the richer parts of germany and an ugly eastern side . 
  but the decisions within the euro zone are decided primarily by german economists and bankers , all in frankfurt . 
  london 's not even in the euro zone to have any pan-european decision force or position . 
  just look at the greek crisis and tell me who you hear more often representing the side of the troika - the english or the germans ? 
  * linguistic groups . 
  and you ' r ignoring the largest religious ( catholic , orthodox , protestant ) and the largest cultural ( medditeranean , northern , austro-hungarian , balkan , baltic , eastern ) groups . 
  yeah yeah sure , anyone opposed to russia is a fascist and only in russia can you be ultra nationalistic and openly jingoistic without being called a fascist . 
  it 's been 75 years now we ' v been hearing this for every single conflict involving the kremlin and honestly , it gets tiresome . 
  what happened in ukraine is the same thing that happened in the baltics or poland 25 years ago - ousting the kremlin lackeys . 
  in all those countries it was led by nationalists waving flags and portaits of national hearoes , same as on the maidan . 
  in none of these countries did the kremlin-free governments proceed to exterminate minorities and they are all now developping pretty neatly . 
  same would ' v happened in ukraine and only russia can call any ousting of its puppets a `` fascist coup '' . 
  nothing would ' v happened in donbas or crimea had the kremlin not organized it . 
  they would ' v been the same as the other russian regions within ukraine today are . 
  is something going on in kharkiv ? 
  are the ukrainian nazis deporting the population there ? 
  all is as it was before , and all would ' v been like that in donbas had the russian armed forces not sent men to organize , train and arm its typical insurgency , same as in transnistria , abkhazia or ossetia . 
  an old kremlin trick . 
  by that i do n't mean outright joining the eu , which is impossible . 
  integration means a lot of processes . 
  the more ukr is drawn closer to the eu and nato , the better . 
  by `` the start '' do you mean when green men started appearing on ukrainian soil ? 
  the ones that were taking over unprepared ukr army bases and towns one by one until the ukr army went to reclaim them and the whole war started ? 
  how is one pushing for any kind of resolution at the same time he is creating the problem for that resolution ? 
  naturally , i mean a localized conflict , more like a quick retreat of a beaten russian vanguard that underestimated the reponse nato and eu would give . 
  enough to show them as the clear aggressors and dismiss any notions of `` russia can just roll all the way to paris if it wanted '' . 
  not a prolonogued third world war of course , that would n't be worth any payoff . 
  it will make a point by itself , without that being the aim . 
  the aim is to win a war . 
  a war of aggression against a european nation . 
  to restore order and territorial sovereignty , as any country would in their place . 
  the point will then come when they eventually actually give them the right to secceed in a referendum , same as london did to the scots . 
  the point that this was a dirty war of aggression by the kremlin , not one for the sake of independence for the region , since that can obviously be achieved peacefully if they just asked .
