  they were both greedy and bigoted , thinking all of palestine belongs to them and not a single drop of land to the almost 3 million jews who already lived there . 
  greed sometimes does n't pay off , the palestinians are a perfcet example of that . 
   and once again , nobody cares what bulgaria thinks . 
  you are the most irrelevant of irrelevant countries , even most of your fellow europeans do n't think much of you and just see you as an impoverished and unfortunate burden . 
  if you are an adult you should realize by now that you appear as a 12-year old frustrated kid who , when lacking arguments and being butthurt , pathetically tries to poke on some aspect of his opponent . 
  so wo n't bother and just paste that again here : 2 . i am not bulgaria . 
  bulgaria is a country , territories do n't think . 
  people do . 
  to have to resort to addressing my flair in an attempt at a personal insult betrays how desparate and helpless you are in this argument . 
  butthurt to the max . 
  3 million arabs live inside israel as citizens . 
  no one is denying them anything . 
  there were numerous chances for those outside of israel to live peacefully on even a larger area than today according to the [ 1947 partition plan ] ( http://www.factsofisrael.com/en/maps/1947.gif ) which the jews accepted and the palestinians did n't . 
  the situation of the palestinians today is the result of their , and the arabs generally , complete refusal to even accept that a tiny , almost laughably small , isareli state could exist at all from the very beginning , when no occupation was in place . 
  israel from the 1947 partition plan had a jewish majority , yet this proposal was rejected due to the complete bigotry of arabs and muslims generally to even fathom someone else could have even the smallest of state in the middle east ( which they stole in the first place ) other than them . 
  so they fought tiny israel . 
  again , and again , and again . 
  and they lost laughably . 
  again , and again , and again . 
  and each time they lost their attempt at destroying tiny israel , they lost more of their land and rights . 
  now they are in a shit situation because of their own inability to accept anyone else can have a tiny state in their `` holy land '' , which was already holy land for the jews and christians long before a warmongering self-admitted paedophile led armies out of arabia . 
  palestinians have no one else to blame but their own entitled bigotry that they did n't accept the 1947 partition plan . 
  i am not bulgaria . 
  bulgaria is a country , territories do n't think . 
  people do . 
  to have to resort to addressing my flair in an attempt at a personal insult betrays how desparate and helpless you are in this argument . 
  butthurt to the max . 
  christ your butthurt seeps through these comments . 
  :d the mean europeans downvoted you to hell and now someone 's feeling grumpy , eh ? 
  lol , asking me what happened to banter and why people are getting butthurt in the exact same comment you demonstrate such extreme butthurt that you go all the way out of the topic and into the second world war to try and find something to poke back . 
  :d like a kid sulking in the corner whilst trying to play it tough . 
  your hurt pride shows so much with that pathetic twisting of the history of a country the us should n't even compare itself in the first place , that no ammout of `` u wot m8 , where 's the banter at '' can hide it . 
  22 arab countries , with a combined population of 420 million people . 
  cry me a river . 
  the jews got one , increadibly tiny state of 8 million and i 'm supposed to root for the other guys and still demand a carve up of that already tiny country to create yet another , 23rd arab state . 
  definition of greedy fucks . 
  not like they did n't ethnicly and religiously cleanse 2/3 of the christian world in the 7th-11th century in the first place . 
  an `` invitation to the 21st century '' from the country using the imperial units , having a two-party system , one-size bank notes because fuck the blind , billionaire pastors because half the population is medieval-tier religious and an active movement of people denying evolution . 
  lol, 
  worth celebrating by those who suffered the disaster up until that point , not those who just started . 
  we did n't suffer during ww2 , only a couple of bombings and a few thousand dead . 
  after the war they slaughtered more than 100,000 and ruined the entire country . 
  makes zero sense to `` celebrate '' the end of something better than what followed . 
  but many nations did n't have a nazi occupation before the soviet one . 
  my country was a semi-democracy , autocratic since the tsar took emergency powers , but sure as hell a million times more free and prosperous than after the end of the war , when the soviets occupied it and turned it into a totalitarian marxist hell hole . 
  why should anyone here celebrate this disastrous end of the war ? 
  or in the other states with such fate ? 
  the 9th of may sealed our fate for the next century and more to come . 
  that we would be robbed of our prosperous states and future , suffer 45 years of totalitarianism , and then collapse into absolute dust , losing millions of people . 
  almost 30 % of the population of my state fled the socialist collapse - today we are 7 million , and the greeks 11 , despite our equal populations in the 1930s . 
  our economies were also equal , today they are 4 times higher by not suffering the soviet occupation . 
  all of this came with the end of the ww2 , so how the hell can anyone from such a state celebrate this catastrphe of our history ? 
  fuck `` victory day '' , to us it is nightmare day . 
  incorrect , the schuman declaration was precisely signed on that date to make it a part of victory day . 
  they are one and the same - the declaration is merely a continuation of the former , something half of europe was able to do because victory day left it free . 
  for the other half , `` victory day '' was a day of doom , that left us devastated and occupied , so we were unable to participate in the schuman declaration or enjoy the date on which it was signed to commemorate the `` happy '' ( for them ) ending of the war . 
  i , and most people from such countries , ca n't possibly be happy and celebrate the 8th or 9th of may . 
  find another date to commemorate the schuman declaration or whatever other event , not the one that signifies the long-term destruction of our nation which has led to us currently dropping to the population numbers we had before the second world war even started , after losing 2 million people . 
  why am i someone opposed to the eu project all of a sudden ? 
  i am highly pro-eu and appreciate deeply the peace on our continent it has managed to secure . 
  what i am against is one part of the nations within the eu chosing to commemorate an event that signifies a horrible fate for many other nations , and then proposing it to be celebrated by all . 
  the end of ww2 was a happy end for only some , like your people . 
  for others , like mine , it was the end of a successful , prospering country and the start of a horrible nightmare whose fallout still devastates us . 
  fuck `` victory day '' , for us and many others on this continent it 's a day of sorrow , so if the eu is to be a common project , find a common reason to celebrate . 
  on the contrary , plenty of countries on this date went from semi-democratic to full on totalitarian , as the end of the war meant them being handed over to the soviets by the `` demoracy-loving '' part of europe . 
  why should i celebrate the end of a war that saw my country handed over to people who destroyed the state we had built , which even managed to save its jews from hitler 's threats , and turned into a totalitarian , marxist shit-hole ? 
  if the italians want to celebrate , sure , but there 's no cause for celebrating the end of ww2 in many european countries , so why impose it eu-wide ? 
  the ocean is wet . 
  the schuman declaration was n't signed on that day out of coincidence . 
  it was chosen to coincide with victory day , which is the commemoration of one part of europe defeating another part i mentioned . 
  how can a holiday be used for all eu members if some of them suffered from the events this holiday celebrates ? 
  you do know the holiday is a celebration of the victory of some current eu members over others ? 
  no , he 's not actually calling the russian propaganda a `` creeping invasion '' - you misunderstood him because you are not informed of what 's happening in georgia . 
  he is calling `` a creeping invasion '' the [ actual moving of the russian border * inside * georgia ] ( http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2015/07/creeping-russian-border-georgia-south-ossetia-abkhazia-150722111452829.html ) with every passing year . 
  this has been going on for a while now and the border we have on maps is not any more the actual one - russia has continuously moved it onto georgian territory . 
  the term `` creeping invasion '' came from [ this documentary ] ( https://news.vice.com/video/the-russians-are-coming-georgias-creeping-occupation ) on the subject . 
  you can add to this invasion the russian orchestrated separation of abkhasia and ossetia in the 90s , the latter of which is soon to vote on joining russia . 
  basically since the collapse of the ussr moscow has deprived georgia of almost half of its territory . 
  and you compare this to ngo 's . 
  pathetic . 
  i read the second word with the pronounciation of the first and felt like a pompous french prick . 
  are you a pigeon ? 
   `` are those nationalists or patriots ? '', 
  what 's the difference ? 
  example : a joke that does n't translate great in english , but i guess is still understandable - why ca n't `` macedonians '' franch kiss ? 
  because they have no tongue . 
  sounds like [ this building in sofia ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xuyyhsf.jpg ) , which they built top-down . 
  finished it looks like that : http://photos.wikimapia.org/p/00/02/11/10/45_big.jpg, 
   my family is from prussia by the way aaaah , * that * explains all the sand in your vagina regarding the commwealth , which by the way is pretty much the reason prussia survived as a state , when they allowed them to merely [ become vassalized ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prussian_homage ) rather than wiped from the map after the prussians were defeated by the poles . 
  unlike what the prussians did centuries later to the very people who allowed them to exist as a state . 
  never trust the germans i guess . 
  `` look at me foreigners , i 'm shitting on my nation , i 'm cooler than them , accept me , accept me ! '', 
  makes sense , but [ wikipedia includes it in george ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/george_ ( given_name \\ ) ) . 
  perhaps someone can explain . 
  yo uca n't be greedy for land inhabited by your own people . 
  bulgaria entered the war with the only purpose of uniting with macedonia mainly , where 1/3 of the nation lived , and thrace secondly . 
  it did with thrace , but the serbs took macedonia and refused to have ethnic plebiscites there determine who takes what land . 
  ( due to them having a much smaller minority ), 
  greedy for what ? 
   grey `` multicultural '' blob and like a 30 % muslim minority  balkanized shithole of islamic communities vying for power with a dwindling native population .
