  plenty of people on the left ( the vast vast majority ) see the necessity of sensible immigration controls . 
  and i find nothing strange about that . 
  every political side has extremes to it . 
  `` it is , however , ridiculous to claim that the movement to liberalize immigration and accept refugees is not heavily tinged with radical anarcho-communists , marxists and self-hating white racist elements of the `` intersectional '' movement . 
  plenty of people on the right ( the vast vast majority ) see the necessity of sensible and controlled immigration and refugee acceptance . '', 
  it is `` white supremacist/nazi '' to claim communist regimes used mass terror ? 
  back to r/fullcommunism with you, 
  he is a hero to many around the world , why do you single out those in the baltic states precisely ? 
  that was indeed intelligible but also quite wrong . 
  i have personally been present when people were called racists for merely suggesting europe should control its borders and reduce mass migration towards it . 
  it happened in both universities i studied at , first at coventry during a discussion of the lybian civil war ( it was still ongoing back then and kaddafi alive ) , and then again during a seminar at ku leuven where i did my masters . 
  the arguments were that preventing people from freely moving around the world without borders is a form of keeping the racial divide in wealth that colonialism created , hence you are a racist if you support that or oppose millions of people from africa and asia from moving into the former colonial countries , where they would share in `` their own wealth stolen from them by these countries '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not that uncommon actually , so your statement is just plain wrong . 
  people * do * get called racist in europe , and quite often so , for merely defending border controls and opposing unchecked migration . 
  why do you keep doing this ? 
  does it please you to create conflict ? 
  i am begging you to see reason and accept the lord in your heart !, 
  i said stop this madness right now !, 
  aggression will not be tolerated in this thread !, 
  please , stop it before it 's too late , i am begging you do n't turn this into a flame war or a shitshow , we are modern europeans today , we 've learned from our past mistakes , i know you are german but i forgive you and wish only to be friends ... 
  one could argue , indeed . 
  but are n't we past arguing in europe ? 
  do we really need more conflict after all we 've suffered ? 
  heh do n't try to shift the attention there to the frenchies you sneaky kraut . 
  i am holocaust level serious . 
  `` a good act does not wash out the bad , nor a bad act the good . 
  each should have its own reward . '' - stannis the mannis, 
  i say he 'd fit right in with modern day antifa and some `` progressives '' . 
  mass , organized terror however , they excel at . 
  considering what a menace hitler was to our continent , should n't we make at least a statue or something of the man who shot him ? 
  [ there 's also ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circle_of_stars ) the [ marian interpretation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flag_of_europe#marian_interpretation ), 
  so you willingly choose to ignore 95 % of a post and all of its arguments , where i repeatedly explained it is n't about blood , but about comparing every single other factor of continuity or closeness to the ancient civilization in bulgaria and in places like latin america or the arab world ? 
  why even begin to argue if you are going to just try to have a child 's petty fight rather than a real debate ? 
  mexico , iran , iraq and egypt have far less continuity with ancient people/civilizations there than even the bulgairans do with the thracians , yet were invited . 
  the arabs in particular were quite thorough about erasing the `` pagan '' past before the islamic conquest from their nations ' historical identity , let alone traditions and practices . 
  the egyptians were replaced so many times by other cultures and peoples since ancient times , first assyrians , then persians , then greeks ( ptolemeyans ) , then romans , then christian romans , then finally arab muslims - that its laughable to claim a direct continuity or connection between a bunch of arab muslims today and the ancient egyptians of pharoes ' times . 
  same with the mexicans , who are overwhelmingly today either white , black or mestizo , with actual amerindians below 3 % of the population . 
  that ; s a whole different race of people , not even just ethnic group . 
  a whole different civilzation , religion , culture ... to claim they are more close to the ancient aztecs or even more so the mayans , who were already gone when their ancestors came , is laughable . 
  who in iraq has direct continuity to a civilization from a few thousand years ago - the shia arabs , the sunni arabs or the kurds ? 
  the bulgarians on the other hand are much more close to the thracians historically . 
  they came very recently after the thracians got romanized and hellenized , mixed with them and the local slavs from north of the danube , and created a nation that is today closely related genetically to the thracians , so yes - `` blood conituinty '' of course exists . 
  however , much more so does as well - a whole lot of bulgarian traditions are purely thracian . 
  google nestinari , kukeri , martenica and lots more . 
  what ancient egyptian traditions do the arabs there today practice ? 
  zero . 
  what shumerian traditions do the iraqis practice ? 
  zero . 
  what aztec or mayan do the mexicans ? 
  so do n't try to shift the subject here how it suits you - i did n't claim there is no connections with the greeks or chinese , i did claim there 's a lot less connection between latin americans and the arabs to those ancient civilizations than there are between bulgarians and thracians , so there is no reason not to invite bulgaria . 
  even more so considering there does n't seem to be such criteria in this forum at all - they simply invite countries that have had ancient civilizations on their territory . 
  bulgaria has , and it is preserving that civilization and constantly finding more about it through archeology , so it fully qualifies to join conferences on ancient civilizations as much as any latin american or arab country does . 
  nope . 
  are white , latin mexicans - aztecs/mayans , arabs - ancient shumerians , italians - romans etc. ? 
  not sure what your statement is supposed to say . 
  those countries merely are hosts of these ancient civilizations , and so is bulgaria . 
   milan never been there . 
   pirot been there . 
  any more historical misconceptions you harbour that need explaining ? 
  perhaps they should 've invited moldova to represent the ancient and totally un-romanian civilization of theirs ? 
   what about berlin congress ? 
  back in the days when you were empire and when russia blessed your territorial ambitions , just to gain a trust ally in balkans ? 
  kinda forgot that one ? 
  the berlin congress is remembered in bulgarian history as the one destroying bulgaria 's national dream of unification by scattering the ethnic lands of bulgarians established in the referendum on [ the bulgarian exarchate ] ( http://www.lib.utexas.edu/maps/historical/balkan_boundaries_1914.jpg ) . 
  it came after the attempt of the russians to pass the [ treaty of san stefano ] ( https://www.mtholyoke.edu/~kolev20k/pics/400px-bulgaria-sanstefano_ - ( 1878 ) - bytodorbozhinov.png ) which the ottomans accepted but the western powers rejected because it would , indeed , create a large and powerful bulgaria as a russian satellite . 
  after being rejected , however , the russians decided it is then best to keep a small , divided bulgaria more easily controlled , so they signed the [ berlin congress resolution ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/bulgaria_dopo_santo_stefano.png ) . 
  barely 8 years later the two small parts of bulgaria united and it was precisely russia which first stood against this unification , sending its balkan puppet king milos to stop it in the war of the serbian aggression against the bulgairan people who had been allies to the serbs for centuries against the ottomans and thousands died volunteering in the serb uprisings and wars of independence . 
  thankfully , the much smaller , weaker , younger and ill equipped bulgarian army completely [ crushed and humiliated ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/serbo-bulgarian_war ) the invading serbs , to the point they almost reached belgrade and austro-hungary had to invervene to stop the war and prevent a bulgarian occupation of all of serbia . 
  from this point onward bulgaria broke all relations with russia for their move against its unification , and the monarch ( batenberg ) even had to abdicate in order to restore diplomatic communication between the two countries . 
  bulgaria then opted for berlin in both world wars and for washington and nato after it regained its independence in 1991 . 
  it never , thus , willingly opted for the kremlin like the serbs have done multiple times . 
   turkey is looked as patron in sarajevo , moscow is seen as friend and potential ally here . 
  you are naturally weakening the attitude serbs have to moscow . 
  anyone on the internet for a bit can see the exact same , if not greater , intensity of defending moscow by serbs and repeating all major geo-political points that come from the kremlin , as do bosniaks with turkey . 
  there 's truly very little difference . 
  and i do not recall a massive military parade thrown for erdogan in sarajevo with thousands of bosniaks with his image , as the serbs did for putin in belgrade . 
   on the other hand bulgaria used to be russian satelite on balkans , no , bulgaria was never a willing satellite of moscow , it was of germany and then of the us . 
  in between bulgaria was for 45 years a colonial subject , an occupied puppet state of moscow without its independent decision to be allied to it like it previously had independently allied with berlin or afterwards with washington . 
  be precise when discussing history . 
   is that somehow connected to the tone of this comment ? 
  what tone , and in what way should it influence it ? 
  also , why do you feel the need to keep bringing up people 's nationality when discussing topics of geo-politics ? 
  do you feel you lack the arguments to defend your position without referring to ad hominem ? 
  they 're just butthurt the thracian civilization is older than the greek one . 
   edit : lol , there 's a lot of butthurt greeks here as well it seems . 
  the bulgarian state is controlled by the people who did this . 
  the communist era nomenclature which robbed the country turned into billionaires who created the political parties that have been swapping governments for 25 years . 
  some have died and passed that money to the next generation of billionaires , like the notorious now delyan peevski , who just do the same . 
  the judiciary and the prosecution are completely controlled by the political class which never prosecutes people from the opposition because they know the opposition wo n't prosecute them when they come to power . 
  hence , in 25 years of blatant robbery and corruption we have not a single , not 1 , high ranking political figure behind bars . 
  our prime minister of 4 governments now for example was the personal bodyguard of the communist era dictator zhivkov and a notorious mafia boss in the 90s with a `` private security agency '' . 
  he was taped a few years ago giving orders to the prosecution not to `` touch '' a large beer producer in the country , another notorious regime billionaire , and nothing happened of it . 
  our political class can literary be taped ordering an assassination and there simply wo n't be anyone who can or will prosecute them , since they are all part of the same team - the ex communist nomenclature . 
  no , the house was a regular sized one , two stories , at the outskirts of sofia that my great-grandfather built when the city still had a tiny population and was being developped . 
  the communists came , confiscated it and the only compensation was giving my family the right to * buy * an apartament in the large block the commies built at the place of the family house . 
  which was still lucky to be fair , because most people who were n't in the party or communist activists and had their property taken were then evicted from the large cities into villages in the countryside , with no right to move from them . 
  ( as there was a law of settlement in the country imposed after 1944 , meaning you can only live within your settlement/city/village and have to apply for a right to move elsewhere within the same country . 
  the communists practically brought back serfdom in all but name , except that serfs actually had the right to freely trade , communicate or engage in private enterprise ), 
  i believe i was very clear about what i meant . 
  the country was developing quite nicely before ww2 and on par with countries like greece .
