  but the when a state is created on lands where people already live as majority with a different ethnicity , it 's not up to the state to force them to assimilate . 
  newcomers should assimilate into states , not new states assimilating already existing people . 
  kurds exist as early as the 7th century , when arabic sources mention them . 
  in the lands they live today they have been before the creation of the turkish nation-state . 
  so why should they change ? 
  that 's called conquest and assimilation . 
  it does n't matter how you want the turkish state `` to work '' . 
  if you wanted a pure turkish homogenous nation state you should have made it on ethnic turkish lands exclusively . 
  but you wanted as much land as possible , so you included the ancestral lands of the armenians that then became kurdish after the armenians were killed/deported . 
  too bad , should ' v aimed for ethnic turkish lands only and then you 'd have your `` pure only turkish nationality country '' . 
  now you have to deal with the fact you have included the lands of a non-turkish population and accept a non-homogenous country with other national identities besides turkish ... or release their lands . 
  you ca n't have all , cause colonialism and foreign assimilation is n't accepted in the 21st century . 
  nor can you actually do anything about it considering they breed positively and you have negative fertility rates . 
  kurdish percentage rises and turkey is becoming less turkish , not more . 
  i suppose because `` turkish '' and `` kurdish '' is about identity , not blood ties . 
  their identity existed as much as yours , has its own language , has customs and as much right to be as the turkish identity . 
  i could ask you `` why ca n't turks in bulgaria just be bulgarians ? 
  people here are n't pure , but are all bulgarians , so are they `` special '' ? '', 
  unfortunately , least of all the fyromians themselves , who have had a hefty few decades of yugo propaganda how they are `` the totally unique and separate nation from the loins of alexander the great , which is somehow also slavic '' . 
  the most important factor in their nation building was insisting on proper bulgarophobia , teaching them we are `` tatars '' ( people who appeared first in 13th century ) , so the connection can be severed completely . 
  today no fyromians believe we are one nation . 
  serbs , you see , did a real good job to make sure we never fight for that region again . 
  if they put slavic they break the ancient connection . 
  which is the only connection to an independent macedonian nation . 
  without it , they have to face the fact there never actually was a separate , slavic nation within macedonia , which was since the slavs there came merely part of bulgaria for the most time , second to it ottomans , second to it serbia and finally byzantium and yugoslavia . 
  by the start of the 20th century the slavs there overhwelmingly considered themsleves bulgarian , so if they remove the ancient macedon kingdom connection , they have to face that tought reality . 
  because the entire nationhood of theirs is based on assotiating ad hoc any history and people from the region of macedonia with their nationhood . 
  if they remove the name , they lose their entire historiography and have to face the fact they were simply bulgarians before the yugoslav process of nation-building on the grounds of `` macedonian '' being connected between the region and the new nation . 
  they would become `` cheese eating , world-wars loosing monkeys '' . 
  exactly how big is the support for pkk among kurds ? 
  any stats from someone ? 
  and is there another , perhaps peaceful alternative for the kurds who want to rally behind a secessionist cause ? 
  edit : why would people downvote a genuine question ? 
  tell me it 's stupid if you think it is and why , at least . 
  lol , suddenly not much left to say , eh ? 
  :d happens every time turks get confronted with the reality of their history . 
  well i do n't know what the reasons are . 
  i just think they predate religion and have been imposed on it , rather than religion doing it . 
  when you take religion out homophobia still remains . 
   first of all , eu cross-border cooperation funds do not work that way . 
  this is not a fund for improving infrastructure in your cities . 
  second , it is not turkey problem that bulgaria and bulgarian cities are poor . 
  turkey does not have any responsibility to care for bulgaria . 
  if your city is poor , go ask more for money from sofia . 
  no one asks turkey for help - turkey bitches to bulgaria that edirne region gets flooded from our rivers , so a cooperation begins with eu funding . 
  stop pretending like bulgarian regions go begging turkey for smth . 
  it 's turkey doing this to bulgaria for years now , every time edirne gets floods coming from our side . 
   partnership ... 
  if you want to be a partner with someone , you need to have common goals , common interest . 
  i will not date with someone , who keeps insulting me , who is hostile towards me . 
  if you ask me for a date , i do not have any responsibility to accept your offer . 
   if you want to be partners with turkey , then be nice to turkey . 
  if you do n't like turkish terms , then do not become partners . 
  it is that simple . 
  why pretend like bulgaria is insulting or being hostile to turkey ? 
  what kind of bullshit attitude is it to say recognising a proven historical fact is being hostile to a country ? 
  is a country hostile towards germany for recognising the holocaust ? 
  or towards rwanda for recognising the genocide there ? 
  history is history , it does n't express attitudes , you ca n't pick and chose from it . 
  bulgarian municipalities have named a park , a single park , to some of the victims of a slaughter against armenians 100 years ago . 
  somehow this makes turkey butthurt and is considered hostile from bulgaria ? 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
  how increadibly full of inferiority complex must one be to consider the recognition of crimes done by people inside his country a century ago `` hostile '' ? 
  it 's like this - my great grandfather killed someone . 
  today , if you recognise this fact or mention it , i will hate you . 
  how increadibly stupid must i be to do that ? 
  to hate someoen for recognising a fact from 100 years ago , that was n't even done by myself ? 
  pathetic . 
  psychology today : [ ** treatments ** ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/conditions/gender-dysphoria#treatments ) ** individual and family counseling is recommended for children , and individual or couples therapy is recommended for adults . 
  sex reassignment through surgery and hormonal therapy is an option , but severe problems may persist after this form of treatment . 
  a better outcome is associated with the early diagnosis and treatment . 
  ** when something is talked of in terms of `` early diagnosis and treatment '' , does that sound to you more like an accepted , normal human state/lifestyle or a disorder ? 
  my point is it goes the other way around - homophobia is extremely natural to people , especially to macho men , so they end up imprinting it onto religions . 
  when you take the religions out the homophobia stays , simply because it was there before the religion as well . 
  i 'm polish and i ' v no `` asian '' roots that can be traced less than 2000 years . 
  even if that was n't the case though , bulgaria does n't have a native population that is older here than bulgarians . 
  the thracians are all gone . 
  the armenians , however , were n't . 
  they lived in their old homeland still 100 years ago , so you were their invaders , into their motherlands , not they into yours . 
  you murdered people in their lands , so that you can call them then `` your home '' . 
  controling a land does n't make it your ancestral homeland . 
  nor having a minority on it does . 
  or else the british can call zimbabwe their land . 
  only having a majority in some land , and for centuries , makes it yours . 
  turks never were a majority in the lands of eastern anatolia where the genocide happened . 
  the armenians continued being , then tehy were replaced with kurds . 
  it 's not yours and never has been . 
  at least the kurds will soon have a state there so you wo n't even be occupying it . 
  it 's what you ridicule above . 
  what the current preffered treatement to a disorder or a dysphoria is does n't make it any less of a disorder or dysphoria . 
  it just means they currently chose certain treatment , which can be caused by political and cultural factors as much as actual science . 
  trans is a disorder . 
  a mental one . 
  it 's how it 's officially termed and what i wrote . 
  how you chose to treat it is a different topic and i have no answer to that since i have n't dealt with that disorder . 
  but do n't tell me i 'm full of shit for calling it what it is and what the scientific community classifies it as - a disorder . 
  according to your own article , between 1683 and 1922 - 2 million muslims were either deported , expulsed , or killed , and that includes military personnel . 
  that means , that for more than 200 years , those who invaded the balkans lost 2 million people - of which msot certainly most were deported not killed , and a large percentage included military personnel . 
  not only is this laughably low compared to 1.5 million armenians being killed in just a couple of years . 
  or the millions of balkan christians killed during the conquests and subjuations of various uprisings .
