  considering far-left anarchists , marxists and communists around the world are among the most fervent supporters of conspiracy theories whilst at the same time most hardline atheists , i doubt there 's a correlation . 
  so accept my comment as `` replacing the blind faith in god with equally blind faith in a , z , x. . . '', 
  that trade node bonus is sweet . 
  equally blind beliefs . 
  in the state . 
  in the media . 
  in homeopathy . 
  in conspiracies . 
  in political ideologies . 
  why them ? 
  who told you this map as done by `` the western allies '' ? 
  none of what has been proposed in this thread has been done . 
  europe is n't taking any steps to fundamentally redo its immigration system so as to exclude muslims countries from cosntituting any significant percentage of legal migrants and to favor societies much closer and assimilatable to europe , like south america ? 
  no steps have been taken to assimilate thoroughly people inside europe . 
  considering islam is the biggest obstace to them keeping a separate identity to that of the host population , what steps have been taken to undermine islam as the most negative obstacle towards fully assymilation in europe ? 
  no steps have been taken to form a common eu army which would be able to seize small territories in or near conflict zones and establish refugee camps on site . 
  i 'm glad you were after all ashamed of your behaviour . 
  you are trying to shift this as if i am branding you an anti-intellectual bigot for your political leanings or if you do not `` abide '' by mine . 
  when it is clear i am doing it because you embrace the ideological arrogance of considering it beneath you to even prove your claims or defend your positions . 
  something done by people on both sides of the spectrum . 
   yes this is why trump/brexit/pis / fn/afd/putin / gayhomosexmuslimagenda happened . 
  i agree . 
  anti-intellectual bigotry and blind political fanaticism absolutely played a role . 
  and continues to play in the rise of populism across the west , as well as radicalism on both sides of the political spectrum are convinces their views do n't need to even be backed/proved . 
  they just '' * are * '' true , and that 's that . 
  i fail to understand why someone who sees this willingly engages in this blind , indeological anti-intellectualism . 
   there 's no point in arguing with someone who does n't even recognizes the inherent racism institutional racism in the us . 
  your type of intellectual bigotry and blind arrogance is among the worst things on earth at the moment . 
  regardless which political spectrum it manifests itself in . 
  the above sentence you wrote is the epitomy of blind conviction vs rational argumentation . 
  people convinced they do n't even have to prove what they believe in . 
   suppose i must be a toddler . 
  ok . another extensive reply that you ignore is given to you in this thread by someone like 10 times now . 
  what do you do next ? 
   next thing you 'll tell how all humans treat each others in the same way . 
  cause that 's not what i wrote and you ' r not making any counterargument . 
   ahahaha how old are you ? 
  problems does n't necessarily mean oppression . 
  african americans have many problems , but to speak of `` institutionalized oppression '' in the us is complete bs . 
   yes you cant get into europe . 
  i forgot there is a shield of dementia around the continent and only bright intelectual right wing people can enter . 
  stop being naive if isis wants to strike in eu they can do with or without refugees . 
  i genuinely do not understand this comment at all . 
  i asked if he means attack by whom - islamists , neo-nazis , anarchists , separatists , crazy people etc. 
  for me to give him an answer . 
  i guess you did n't read beyond my first 3 short sentances . 
   with the intention of bringing fear to the public so they could spread this exact ideology you are spreading right now , to make life for everyone worse . 
  what ideology am i spreading now ? 
  the ideology of being pragmatic and logical about mass migration policies as opposed to irrationally ideological and emotional ones ? 
   i again forgot that we are in the simpsons episode where they get rid of all the weapons . 
  also something i don ; t understand . 
  he asked me what can we do if there are more attacks , to give him an answer i aksed for specifics - the kind of attacks , the motivation , the weapon - normal questions to determine a response . 
  you seem not to like this rational approach and come up with emotional banter . 
  do you have an issue of some sort ? 
  it is n't my duty to assimilate anyone , it 's that of people who come to europe . 
  but when one sees that of all the various communities coming to his society certain choose to assimilate , whilst others choose not to and merely integrate economically whilst forming a cultural colony , it is his right to make the rational decision to stop or severely reduce the size of migration from those societies whose majority migrants have continuously decided not to assimilate . 
  a mistake they did n't get the funding . 
  a mistake europe does n't have a unified military which could actually occupy land in syria and lybia and establish safe zones there for refugees and migrants in distress . 
  a mistake i hope we can fix in the future . 
  the fix , however , is n't letting millions into europe . 
  i did n't say it would prevent all attacks or these particular ones you give as examples , but some . 
  because , yes , some attacks - recently quite a few , are done by refugees - the two attempts at exploading a bomb ( on christmass market and previously ) , the refugee who hacked away with an axe on the train , the rape of the kid in the swimming pool , the cologne sexual assaults by many morrocans who passed through with the refugees , etc. 
  yes , as i wrote - * some * attacks would 've been spared . 
  you wan na nitpick further ? 
  nope , with the type of immigration policy which favours societies more easily assimilatable into europe muslim countries would 've automatically been at the bottom of receiving quotas . 
  europe would have major brazillian , argentinian , colombian , venezuelan , vietnamese , congolese , ukrainian , moldovian , thai etc. 
  communities , rather than morrocan , algerian , tunisian , iraqi , pakistani , turkish etc. 
  - which are absolutely far , far more difficult to fully assimilate and more prone to violent islamism than the above . 
  care to tell me of how widespread has vietnamese terrorism been ? 
  there 's quite a few of them in germany . 
  or that of congolese people in france ? 
   that would be discrimination based on race or religion ... 
  all laws are built around discriminating on the basis of something in order to achieve target results or be effective . 
  driver 's licence discriminates blind people because the objectively observed conclusion is they have a hightened chance of crashing the car . 
  it 's discrimination against people who are n't at fault for being blind , but it makes sense . 
  as much as it does to conclude there are some societies who are more easily assimilatable into europe than others . 
  discrimination itself is not a bad word , it is if it 's done without logic or reason based on pure , subjective hatred . 
  which is not the case when you objectively conclude there are plenty of societies whose people assimilate far easier into europe than muslim societies . 
   there 's literally nothing stopping us except the fact that nobody wants to pay for it . 
  feel free to write to your respective elected officials to increase unhcr funding . 
  nobody wants to pay for the refugees who have been allowed in either , and yet they do it . 
  if they had spent those money on camps on site 10 times more people would be saved right there , people in greater need like older who ca n't walk all the way to europe as opposed to young males , and a few attacks prevented . 
  the society you are trying to protect will not exist the moment muslims - regular , non-violent , non-terrorist muslims - reach sufficient enough percentage to win elections by themsleves . 
  the massive problem european liberal democracy and civilization faces is n't terrorists , it 's the insanely large percentage of muslims all around the world , including in europe , which are much , much more regressive and anti-individualist than even the most conservative of far-right european parties . 
  these people do not support terrorists , they are not violent and integrate into european societies , but they simultaniously support blasphemy laws , censorship , criminalisation of homosexuality ( currently supported by 51 % of uk muslims for example ) , death penalty for apostates , criminalisation of adultury ( by over 60 % of swedish muslims ) , and an overall pre-eminence of islam over democracy , laws and human rights . 
  the left and liberals should be the first to scream against any ammount of immigration from muslim countries as it pushes europe towards the very ideas liberalism fights , yet for fear of being called racists they do the opposite and support it . 
  it 's a complete paradox . 
  they were french and belgian citizens , not assimilated nationals . 
  until europe continues to have unassimilated citizens from parallel communities the problems and clash of cultures will only get worse . 
  and considering all the evidence , the main reason certain people do not assimilate whilst others do is because the former come from societies and families with an ideology/culture that is too strong to overcome and commit to complete assimilation . 
  it 's called islam/muslim societies , and it prevents people from fully assimilating - i.e. 
  changing their names and fully embracing only local identity , the way that the germans or polish did 100 years ago when they moved en mass to the us for example . 
  attack by whom ? 
  with what intention ? 
  what weapons ? 
  there are various ways of countering verious threats - be it neo-nazi ones , far-left anarchists , psychologically deranged people etc. 
  my above described proposition is the only one that reduces the most the threat from islamists , among many other social threats and negative effects the current demographic composition of migration towards europe poses . 
  if you have a solution that reduces it even more radically , as well as adressing so many other problems europe faces with mass muslim migration , i would be happy to hear it . 
  why do you think it 's racist to consider other countries to be shitholes and use them to slander/make fun of parts of your country ? 
  what 's racist about it ?
