  the wahabis of sa have a pretty strong theological case for most of what they do in the face of the quran . 
  the moderate muslims you met who do n't bat an eye are the ones diverging from islam . 
  no , you denied that poland has such a stereotype . 
  first you claimed it 's a recently rising thing due to the syrian immigrants , then you claimed it 's just my family , but not the majority . 
  now you agree it 's a country stereotype , but lacking the maturity to leave it at that you try and make some other discussion , as if i ' v denied if `` that 's how the world works '' or claimed that `` something sould be done about negatives stereotypes against poland '' . 
  i ' v never claimed any of these , so do n't try to pin them on me just to able to prolongue an argument you ' v lost but lack the maturity to admit . 
  what the hell are you on about ? 
  reparations ? 
  governments ? 
  that 's got literally zero to do with any of the above . 
  you know you ' r wrong in saying poles do n't generally have a negative connotation of turks , and now that you ' v realized you ca n't bullshit about it here cause you ' v been called out you start driving the conversation to some unrelated gibberish . 
  be a man and admit or quit . 
  black cat white cat ? 
  why ? 
  assad has killed far more than isis . 
  he 's the one who bombed aleppo and homs to the ground and resulted in the expulsion of far more . 
  are people now forgetting that ? 
  `` i have zero knowledge of an operation drawn by kapit\u00e4n hans j\u00fcrgen reinicke and postponed indefinitely on 17 september 1940 , which we are totally not rehearsing annually , i swear . '', 
  alcohol being forbidden is fundamental to all islam , not just wahabism . 
  as a clam . 
  then just ask `` how '' . 
  do n't ask for a source - that implies you ask for a written source that will verify a fact he 's stated , like the age of famous person or the composition of a chemical , which is impossible in this case . 
  `` turk '' has had a negative connotation in polish society for a long period of time , especially in relation to marrying one after all the stories of how dominating and abusive theri men are , and my family is n't the exception , it 's the norm . 
  do n't be a butthurt liberal pole trying to hide a fact about his nation he 's ashamed the foreigners to know . 
  you ' r asking a source as if he stated a physics fact provable with an equation , rather than a complex statement that is made up of various arguments one can get sources for . 
  there simply is simply no one source for or against uk 's eu relationship to be provided by either side , so your demand is rather meaningless . 
  that condescending tone almost reeks of stereotypical french arrogance . 
  trying hard to reinforce such attitudes , are we ? 
  bullshit , my polish family 's been like this for years before the syrians . 
  stop excusing all with the eu , one thing they certainly did n't impose on the poles is xenophobia . 
  half of london is a getto . 
  most of southern england is light years ahead . 
  `` amerifat '' used by the fatties of europe . 
  the most american-like in all things at that . 
  precious . 
  but i 'm sure you do when it 's the exact same thing , even more emotion-filled and hysterical , but for a [ concert ] ( http://ultimateclassicrock.com/files/2013/09/concerts-frank-micelotta-hu.jpg ) . 
  i ' v been to both , in the middle of a pogo on sonisphere festival with megadeth , rammstein , metallica and manowar performing on stage in two days , as well as on a religious fest in poland . 
  the essence of both was the same - thousands of people doing something collectively to get a satisfaction out of it , be it musical or spiritual . 
  targeting only one of them in modern society just cause you do n't happen to understand why they get satisfaction is as ignorant as people laughing at metal-heads for `` waiting hours in line just to listen ot some `` screams '' '' , or at pretty much any form of collective action that people perform , but you do n't . 
  do n't see how that 's any different from people standing in such lines to get to a concert or movie they love . 
  we find such behaviour normal when it will bring people satisfaction of any other nature , but spiritual one . 
  and that 's a tad bit hypocritical . 
  few if any national commemorations celebrate the character and moral fiber of the national hero in question . 
  most , as this one , celebrate the importance of what they did for the nation . 
  and what columbus did had a tremendeus importance for spain and , indeed , many other nations , regardless of his moral character . 
  few if any national commemorations celebrate the character and moral fiber of the national hero in question . 
  most , as this one , celebrate the importance of what they did for the nation . 
  and what columbus did had a tremendeus importance for spain and , indeed , many other nations , regardless of his moral character . 
  i have nothing but very positive attitude for the baltic states and wish us ( poland ) to get ever closer cooperation with them . 
  i want that cooperation precisely because i am highly anti-russian and anti-putin , seeing him as a threat to both of us . 
  as such i also have a disgust for kremlin propaganda , which portays both you and us , as well as everyone that disagrees with them , as `` fascist '' or `` nazi '' . 
  it 's a load of bollocks , lithuania is certainly not such a state . 
  thus my description was purely personal towards the guy who , i am sure you can comprehend yourself - wrote actually genuine nazi rethoric , using genuine nazi terminology like `` sub humans '' or that slavs are slaves , shit etc. 
  you can see all of the above clearly , i seriously do n't think there 's a discussion to be had if he 's a nazi or not . 
  and finally about my remark - yes , lithuania has `` shitty conditions '' for life , same as all of our post-socialist states , or else it would n't be loosing so many people to immigration , same as we all do . 
  that 's not an insult , it 's a fact . 
  i agree , lets call it a day , since i see no argument to actually be had here . 
  your attitudes aside , since it 's a topic pointless i do n't want to go into , what was the insult against lithuania i wrote ? 
  this was the most offensive thing i wrote to him . 
  please , do compare it to all of these , written by him to me before this one :  good at least we 're not slavic sh * t like you 're , fucking sub-human cunts . 
   because i 'm superior over you , you 're just bending knee slave who will not achieve anything in this universe . 
   they are and always will be , at least they 're not you - natures mistake . 
   i would n't even watch into you since you 're mix between slav , muslim and gypsy , a combination of horror and evil . 
   i 'm sorry i no spekerino englarino gypsyerino . 
   at least my country is not backward soviet-block as your still is , corrupted ass slavs , never good at anything . 
  the fact you went through all of these to get to my post , and it was mine you chose to ask about , shows quite the bias . 
  it 's not the vulgar racist spew of shit he directed at me you have a problem with - it 's my innocent in comparisson banter about his emotional swing that you do . 
  it 's hypocritical at best , indirect approval of his writings at worst . 
  repressed memmories . 
  he was sufferering ptsd - post trianon stress disorder . 
  actaully , the polish was the biggest , but because poland was directly next to germany and with no access for allied supplies , or favourable geography , it could n't deploy devisions like in yugoslavia . 
  that 's the way to trigger every single bulgarian ever . 
  it 's a backwards , aggresive threat to all its neighbours ever . 
   it makes perfect sense under certain assumptions : did you write that ? 
  the eu funds is the compensation paid to e.european countries for them being in the common market , which effectively means opening themselves to monopoly in all spheres by the western corporations . 
  by being inside the eu those countries loose control of their economies and ca n't protect their markets . 
  the huge corporations from the west monopolize and drive all local production into the ground . 
  billa supermarkets alone are estimated to take 600 million eur from bulgaria annually , as they also end up causing thousands of smaller local ships to close . 
  when you estimate the effects of all western corporations it costs these countries billions , and by being inside the common market they are fobidden from taking steps to favouring their own businesses , since it would be `` protectionism '' . 
  eu funds are the compensation , bribe if you wish , for them to participate in this willingly . 
  in the case of smaller countries like bulgaria and romania , those funds are by no means greater than the ammount of capital the countries loose due to the common market . 
  not even speaking of the demographic and brain drain the free labour movement causes . 
  it 's effects are even worse . 
  look a bit into the actual economic relationship between the new and old eu members , than making a simple observation who gets funds . 
  i 'm sure you ' r deeply knowlegable of the history of eastern europe . 
  that sounds like most threads here , so you ' r certainly just targeting these two out of personal dissinterrest with the issue . 
  which is no one 's problem but yours . 
  enough people are interrested in it to upvote and participate in the discussions , no one 's asking you to do either . 
  two of europe 's largest nations discussing the only ongoing war on the continent ? 
  `` no place for that on r/europe ! '', 
  let 's instead discuss for the 100th time the social issues of a 9-million people nation on the northern outskirts of europe . 
  that 's * so much more important * . 
  for breaking what laws ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fc/bg_sofia_coa.svg/2000px-bg_sofia_coa.svg.png ) the image of the church of st. sophia which gave the name to the city takes up the upper left quarter ( as seen from behind the shield ) and a humanized picture of the ancient town of serdica taken from an antique coin is located to the right . 
  at lower left is a golden baldachin and a statue of apollo medicus representing the mineral springs around the city , while the lower right quarter is reserved for vitosha , the mountain at the foot of which sofia is located . 
  in the middle is another , smaller shield ( inescutcheon ) , with a lion rampant , a traditional bulgarian symbol . 
  a crown of walls and towers tops the larger shield , an element typically reserved for city coat of arms . 
  at the bottom is the city motto , '' \u0420\u0430\u0441\u0442\u0435 , \u043d\u043e \u043d\u0435 \u0441\u0442\u0430\u0440\u0435\u0435 '' -- raste , no ne staree ( `` ever growing , never aging '' ) . 
  the coat of arms was created for the paris exposition universelle in 1900 by a team of three noted bulgarian artists and specialists . 
  that makes sense .
