  pristina . 
  you 'd give a lung and a kidney to come back again !, 
   not serbia , yugoslavia . 
  not serbia , yugoslavia . 
  which is a fact , since the education with strong bulgarophobic tendencies imposed by yugoslavia on the macedonians is a well documented fact you can reasearch . 
  i ' v personally held a history school book from the era . 
  i missed the revisionism here , were n't both of you basically implying the british and the russians killed millions ? 
  which of these is revisionism ? 
  perhaps you can read the rest of the arguments and try to de-construct them rather than take 6 words out of context and go into drama-queen mode . 
  if saying you hate someone is the criteria , then why call me hateful ? 
  i did n't say such a thing either . 
   you 're simply hated by everyone and it 's not serbia 's fault . 
  sure , i 'm the one , whatever gets you through the night . 
  does n't get more funny than having an arrogant serb shut up with facts about his country . 
  `` a lunatic '' is someone who refuses to believe hard facts and lives in a dream world . 
  a dream world like the one where russia is the world 's strongest power or serbia is n't one of europe 's poorest . 
  serbia : 1 . 
  exports : $ 14.843 billion ( 2014 ) 2 . 
  public debt : ( 71 % of gdp ) 3 . 
  foreign reserves : $ 13.7 billion ( 2014 ) 4 . 
  gdp $ 95.492 billion ( 2014 , ppp ) $ 45.520 billion ( 2013 , nominal ) 5 . 
  gdp per capita $ 13,380 ( 2013 , ppp ) $ 6,353 ( 2013 , nominal ) 6 . 
  labour force : 2.818 million ( out of 7,209,764 ) 7 . 
  unemployment 19.2 % ( q1 2015 ) bulgaria : 1 . 
  exports $ 29.25 billion ( 2014 est. ), 
  public debt : 28.7 % of gdp ( jul 2015 ) 3 . 
  foreign reserves : $ 20.27 billion ( 2014 ) 4 . 
  labour force : 3,533 million ( out of 7,364,570 ) 7 . 
  unemployment : 9.4 % ( jul 2015 ), 
  and there 's of course the hateful serb . 
  funny of you to talk about `` being hated by all '' . 
   you think economy is the the key to big powers , actually its mass arming that makes country ascend to status of global superpower.you are really a log arent you ? 
  you live in the 1940s . 
  please come to the 21st century and do n't play too many computer strategy games . 
  economy is everything in the modern world . 
  everything . 
  wars are fought with economic principles , not weapons . 
  there will never again be a world war because of atomic weapons . 
  there will never be a conventional conflict between any world powers . 
  their disputes and competiton will all become economical . 
  and russia is an economic dwarf . 
  what can russia do wtih `` mass conscription '' ? 
  it ca n't attack eu or nato to the west , or china to the east . 
  it ca n't do anything at all , it is isolated and only its economy is global . 
  but too small to do anything . 
   you are really a log arent you ? 
  first sign someone you are arguing with is below the average intellectual level are immediate ad hominems . 
  they ca n't help themsleves when they run out of arguments . 
   apart from carriers , you do understand that russia have bigger navy than us ? 
  russian navy is n't bigger , nor is it better equipped or in any way comparable to the us . 
  with 7 times the russian budget , us military is outpacing them on every single matter , including the navy . 
   russia have bigger navy my son , you just literary wrote that in the previous sentance , are you autistic , do you forget what you wrote 2 seconds above ? 
   you are really stupid nato asslicking cunt and : second personal insult , is there somethign about being a serb that makes you act like a swine heard that has never smelt a city in his life ? 
   1913 never forget why forget it ? 
  bulgaria facing 4 enemies at once , and still managing to beat the serbs in a number of battles . 
  never forget 1885 - only time bulgaria and serbia fought 1 on 1 since medieval times , serbia backstabbing like traitors the people who helped them in the independence war , and getting destroyed like animals . 
  austria saved belgrade right before the bulgarians took it and russia demanded to territory be lost , quite typical they saved your ass . 
   come to serbia to work for more than 200e eu wasteland . 
  serbia is poorer than any eu state at the moment , including bulgaria . 
  average sallaries in sofia are 700 euros , or twice those in serbia . 
  i am a . det and c++ dev , i get 2500 , or the as much as 6 serbs . 
  please do n't be as pathetic as to talk from a point of wealth being from one of europe 's most bankrupt states . 
  cheers , will do as soon as i have an opportunity . 
  i ' v never been , you are correct it was people on forums , plus a lot of doccumentaries and journalist reports from skopje . 
  would love to go one day , particurarly ohrid . 
  it makes me happy hearing things like that , having always thought the vast majority of macedonians are like the few i ' v encountered who were brainwashed the serb way to call us tatars and hate us , when in reality most bulgarians have very fond fealings of macedonia . 
  you took that balkan banter well , respect . 
  since when is it a bulgarian tradition to spit at your ancestors and history and build kitch baroque statues of ancient greek figures all over the capital ? 
  such is life when the serbs make you forget your bulgarian roots and think you are god 's chosen ancient descendant of alexander the great reborn , and you turn your capital into a baroque circus . 
   turkey is in the asia , 
  name one way your question has anything to do with easter europe countries joining nato and this being classified as `` aggressive expansion '' ? 
  i 'll be waiting . 
  no in bulgaria it is n't , but only because everything is so cheap here . 
  still , it 's far too much to give to refugees whilst 20 % of the population are pensioners `` living '' on between 100 and 150 euros a month . 
  month dude , month . 
  know the difference between kidnapping and social services taking a child based on some grounds , like domestic abuse for example ? 
  if you ' r with a kid at a playground and they come , randomly kidnap it and put it in a foster home it would be what the russian news is describing and alluding towards . 
  yeah but the thing is no such kidnapping is happening and it borders on clinical cretinism to believe it does . 
  then again , russian media is basically the equivalent of fox so most things in it border clinical cretinism . 
  perhaps the finnish performing a tad bit better than , say , the italians in ww2 also had a finger in this ... 
  no idea , i 'm not defending the refugees , my upper comment was just a response to the statement `` there are bulgarians that manage to live of that minimum wage in the rich region as well '' . 
  which is factually very subjective to what you consider `` manage to live '' . 
  a refugee in a camp in turkey is currently living in better conditions than most pensioners in bulgaria or romania , who struggle to afford heat and electricity bills , let alot medicine or proper food . 
  where 's the western `` solidarity '' merkel keeps talking of with them ? 
  has there ever been any push , whatsoever , any social or media attention campaign of the `` solidaire '' western societies to save the freezing , starving or sick members of the poorest pensioner groups in europe , that was even remotely comparable to the huge social outcry to `` save '' refugees that are already in safe areas around syria ? 
  how the fuck am i supposed to be more sympathetic with a healthy , young , fed , clothed refugee in turkey than with a starving , old , freezing pensioner in my country ? 
  i do n't think it 's morally right to spend state money on a single refugee before the last pensioner in abject poverty in said country is taken care of . 
  but sure , massage your liberal ego posting `` solidarity with refugees '' articles and pictures whilst a pensioner next door to you will sleep this winter with 3 blankets on because the heating bills are quadruple his pension . 
  do n't you know in the news and political forums anything that anyone does or says in a country automatically means `` country x did/said ... '' ? 
  what an awfully complicated world it would be otherwise ... 
  is it due to yugoslavia 's legacy in highly favouring sports for international competitions ? 
  bulgaria 's in volleyball light years ahead of where it is in football . 
  it is also used for the german people and german stuff as an adjective in bulgaria ( \u043d\u0435\u043c\u0446\u0438 , \u043d\u0435\u043c\u0441\u043a\u0438 ) , just not for the state . 
  `` live '' . 
  on 200 euros in sofia you can pay your rent . 
  mine is 230 euros plus bills and i only rent a studio , a bedroom , bath and small kitchen . 
  unless you have a free place to stay it 's impossible , and even then you have just enough to feed yourself . 
  ( but not to clothe ), 
  i just meant it as in it matters where these people are offered the sallaries , since 1200 lv is a whole lot in one region , and not much in another . 
  for us to make a judgement if they are rejecting a high or a low sallary we need to know the region as well as the quantity .
