  any kind of block does that , actually . 
  all nato members must agree for example on new joiners . 
  all arab league members must . 
  hell , even all fifa members must . 
  you do n't seem to grasp the notion of a club/organisation/union / alliance etc. , or are just stubbornly rejecting reality because you ' v decided to fixate on catalonia . 
  sorry for you feelings , but the eu : 1 . 
  is not an empire that decides which countries keep their borders or forces them to change them . 
  is a union/club/alliance that needs all of its member states to agree on new members , as is custom in most such organisations . 
  deal with it . 
  it should n't if it is only one sided and the colonialism/conquests/wars etc. 
  of exclusively one group of people around the globe is held accountable , whilst all others ignored . 
  could your kind stop pushing this `` politicize the eu '' bullshit ? 
  no one , at any given point , voted to turn the eu into a political weapon/tool . 
  it was meant as an economic union that helps its members states ease trade , development , science and so on - not to impose political agendas , be it self-determination or not . 
  in fact , the treaties that pushed this such as the treaty of lisbon were actually rejected in the only referendums they were put for . 
  so no , the people of europe do not want and have not voted for a political empire that dictates such matters . 
  they want an economic union , perhaps a common voice in the world and defense such as a joint military , they want science co-operation , they do n't want brussels to say which region can secede , which country can keep its borders etc. 
  so an occupied people was eventually ethnicly cleansed from their lands by one of their occupiers . 
  and we should feel ok about that according to the comment op . 
  in the second world war those were people who did n't want to be under kremlin occupation , be it soviet or otherwise , even less so when the kremlin was a brutal bolshevik regime . 
  so they resisted by supporting the enemy of the kremlin . 
  this isn ; t colaboration in any moral sense of the word for the idiot op to brand them as such and justify their deportation . 
  it was an occupied people fighting their occupiers . 
  nor did i claim there was . 
  i asked why were they under the occupation of the kremlin as opposed to ruling their own country and why should people deserve to be `` punished '' for siding against those who had been imposing stalinism upon them for the previous 20 years , as well as occupation for the 150 years prior ? 
  the moron r/irimiash called them collaborators , as if they were n't occupied people fighting against their russian , and since 1917 bolshevik , occupiers . 
  what were the russians doing occupying the land of the tatars and forcing stalinism upon them in the first place to make them collaborate with the germans ? 
  there are far more issues that caused the greek problem , which poland for example does not . 
  check out tax evasion and collection as percentage in both countries for example . 
  or pensions as compared to minimal and average salary . 
  living for decades above their means whilst developing a culture of tax evasion is what sunk greece as much as the euro problem . 
  poland does n't do that , it would have to triple its current pensions to reach the absurd levels of greece when compared to nominal gdp and government collection . 
  what 's wrong with `` extreme butthurt '' about people invading and occupying your country ? 
  are n't the serbs as butthurt about the ottoman empire as the balts are about the ussr occupation ? 
  why do you have the right to whine like bitches about the turks , or austro-hungary in ww1 , or german invasion of yugoslavia , or nato bombing , but the baltics have no right to complain about the soviet invasion of their lands just because it smears your eternal allies in the kremlin ? 
  celebrating the soviets is a disgrace to my great-grandfather killed by them in september 1944 in bulgaria and the millions more killed and oppressed by them . 
  people like you have no soul . 
  did n't answer what you want the government to do and how you justify violating people 's right to determine the price of whatever they produce and sell . 
  a decision made by the producer or distributor of that fish . 
  do n't buy it if you do n't like it . 
  or you want what - the government to tell the producer/distributor what to do with his own goods or what price to put on them ? 
  because what ? 
  please connect your otherwise random sentence to my post if you want to participate . 
   i do n't hate them i just think that if they ca n't show some solidarity and gratitude , they should simply go their own way . 
  solidarity with whom and gratitude for what ? 
  young men from moroco , algeria , tunisia , nigeria , sudan or pakistan coming to europe are not , in my opinion , those ee societies owe any solidarity or gratitude towards . 
  if western/norhtern european societies are eager to fill themselves with these people they are free to do so , but why impose that onto the ee ones , unwilling , as well ? 
   doors are there , you wo n't be missed . 
  except by the corporations that monopolized the ee markets thanks to them being inside the common market of the eu , or by the western employers using the chepear labour , or by the western economies as a whole getting massive benefits from the eastern brain drain and market monopolization by their own companies and exporters . 
   im very curious how would all those ee criticising eu handle the crisis if they were in the position of greece or italy . 
  like they already did - enforce their borders and spare everyone the issue of millions of economic migrants . 
  my own country was in the same position as we are an outer-eu border with turkey and were a main migrant route , same as greece or italy . 
  we [ built a fence ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/bulgaria-to-build-more-fences-to-stop-migrants-media-report-europe-migration-crisis-refugees-asylum-human-rights/ ) and stopped our entire flow . 
  any who inevitably are smuggled in get stopped , detained and then deported , sometimes all the way back to afghanistan . 
  problem solved . 
  it 's your fault that you allow [ numerous ngo 's smuggling people ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/3e6b6450-c1f7-11e6-9bca-2b93a6856354 ) to italy or greece , and then your own fifth column of regressive leftists pressure your governments to take them in , put them on wellfare and breed them in ghettos that are spiraling out of control . 
  but then wonder why the ee states do n't want to follow the same fate and have [ shit like this become normal ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/society/2015/apr/30/female-genital-mutilation-england-fgm-girls ) with the growing enclaves of parallel , mid-eastern and african societies inside our countries . 
  it 's very simple - europe does n't need to take in anyone its consitituent countries do not want taken . 
  if any inside countries like germany or sweden wish to take people , they are free to do so . 
  they are n't free to impose that societal project onto other members of the eu . 
  nor did i say it 's not a problem . 
  either explain where i did or read again the comment chain to grasp what notion i was correcting . 
  if you hate leeches why do you support importing more of them into europe then ? 
  are n't the eastern euro 's you hate so much enough ? 
   pretty sure flamboyantly dressed left wing atheists from western europe would n't fit in very well in poland , especially if they 're queer . 
  well if you add transsexual and crossdressing to this mix your statement will be even more incorrect , as a few years back poland was the only country in europe with currently such a person [ elected to the parliament by popular vote . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anna_grodzka ) can you answer if such a person will fit well in any of the massive muslim and african communities the west has accepted ? 
  how about among the 7-8 million maghrebis in france ? 
  or the paksitanis in england ? 
  or the turks in germany ? 
  you know , the kind of cultures that [ kill their own daughters/wives/sisters for shaming them ] ( http://www1.cbn.com/cbnnews/world/2016/july/she-will-never-shame-me-again-honor-killing-epidemic-in-pakistan ) ...  what exactly do you have in common with western europeans ? 
  this is an oddly random question to answer , but perhaps you 'll be more specific after some kind of a reply . 
  so , uhmmm , let 's see : 1 . 
  same continent . 
  same linguistic family . 
  ( indo-european ) 3 . 
  same majority religion . 
  same historical roots . 
  same architectural , cultural , scientific and political waves throught the past 1000 years . 
  similar levels of social peace , safety , crime rates or violence . 
  quite a lot more . 
  any reason in particuraryou 'd ask ? 
  you seem significantly unaware of this part of history . 
  cultures were not directly tied to demographic groups , and the migration of one such could happen simultaniously as a cultural shift or change occurred . 
  the slavs are indigenous to their lands , same as the balts or germanics , their culture is what changed shape over the centuries . 
  [ the lusitanian culture is early balto-slavic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/early_slavs#homeland ) one from as early as 900 bc . 
  then other cultures were dominant on that land , burgundian , gothic etc germanic ones , then again slavic one with the wends . 
  culture has changed more often than demographics . 
  which is closer , pre 100ad or 1000ad ? 
  so what you are telling me is that the demand exists , in quite large numbers , but instead of filling that demand by creating competition which will provide the more quality goods , we must instead punish the current producers or force them to dump their lower quality produce ? 
  all producers , especially agricultural ones , have better quality and worse quality part of their produce . 
  it is unavoidable , a significant percentage of each year 's apple yeald in poland for example is of much lower quality than the average . 
  same thing goes all over the world . 
  so what you want is these producers to destroy their low quality produce , and only sell their better one which is up to the standard . 
  in your `` economically literate '' mind this cut in supply when the demand has n't changed will magically leave the prices intact . 
  truly , you are a scholar of economics . 
   you comments show enough , i keep doing it because its fun . 
  i love this admission . 
  admitting it is fun for you to swear at people or attack them personally is better than any insult i could write . 
  keep it up mate .
