  do you claim sweden is actually one of the most devoutly christian nations in europe with a staggering 60 % practicing christians and i 've got it all wrong ? 
  the church of swede is also practically non-existent demographically . 
  i wrote a comment-joke specifically on the topic . 
  someone else asked if we border syria and i answered in the same joking tone i started , that we do by proxy of the migrants we currently have in sofia . 
  everything from there on has been in correlation to the comments and answers people have made towards me . 
  i have n't just popped out of nowhere to write `` fuck islam '' or something like that on a random thread , i comment on the topic at hand . 
  that you do not like anyone being against proto-fascist , far-right regressive ideologies is your own problem , deal with it . 
  i do n't recall bashing all muslims collectively , i recall bashing the religion of hate that is at the core of islamic terrorism across the world . 
  just as it would be an empty argument to ask you how can you bash the tens of millions of people across the world who identify with nazism or fascism , despite the majority being completely peaceful people who never hurt anyone , i too find it a meaningless argument to ask me how can i bash all the adherents of an ideology i despise . 
  it 's their choice to declare as a part of it , so it 's my choice to disrespect them and demand they stay away from my land for it . 
  mmmk ? 
  1 . who determines what under what article what views you can express ? 
  why is expressing anti-islamic sentiments `` promotion '' of such ? 
  when you express your opinion on a given subject are you necessarily looking to promote them , or just share opinion ? 
  it happens regularly on the pc 's of thousands of euiv players . 
  versus 150 million active protestants in the us . 
  i rest my case which country has a more representative sample . 
  i just hope by that time the intolerant germans and swedes have gotten rid of their islamophobia , so they can stop forcing innocent muslims to become terrorists by insulting their feelings . 
  not that i am saying terrorism has anything to do with islam or muslims , of course . 
  plz come here , we close too , we good weather , we great food , we need das geld, 
  `` we have no basis for strong feelings '' for a person who chooses to stand on a ticket by the party of the communist terrorists prior to 1944 , the totalitarian , foreign-owned regime after 1944 , and the `` red oligarchs '' after 1989 ? 
  a person legitimising and representing with his ticket the party of terrorists , murderers and mobsters ? 
  a party which till this day defends said actions in the past and refuses to condemn the people who forced the macedoninisation of pirin , the concentration camps , the `` red briefcases '' and credit millionaires in the 90s ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  ekd has how many active members in 2017 regularly attending church as opposed to the usa protestants ? 
  then you are stating it from your own perspective , whereas i was stating it from the christian one and said so . 
  hence why state i am saying it as if it is a bad thing ? 
  of course it is from the perspective i clearly indicated . 
  and it does stop it . 
  hence why the catholic world is n't fractured in its teachings , dogma and action into tens of thousands of local churches with fundamentally varying ideas and messages . 
  it merely has the occasional rouge priest , which is not even remotely comparable to the protestant us alternative . 
  so your attempt at comparing the two fails miserably . 
   had a private security company in 90s bulgaria . 
   `` was not technically a mobster . '', 
  top kek . 
  what i claimed to be a disaster from a christian perspective was the eventual death of christianity in most of the protestant european regions , where entire countries like england have less 10 % active adherents today . 
  do you deny this is the case ( in which case show alternative data where the active adherents of christianity are more ) , or do you deny the death of christianity is not a disaster ... * to the christians themselves * ? 
  too few . 
  the us has 15,000 . 
  i rate it 2/10 . 
  i said it is bad from a christian perspective . 
  did you fail to read that part or do you have an argument in favour of it being bad even from the perspective of christians ? 
  turkic does not equal turkish . 
  turkish people should stop appropriating an entire , ancient linguistical group as synonymous with their own identity . 
  when the ancient bulgars spoke a turkic language ( if they did ) , the turkish identity and people whom are referred to as `` kebabs '' today would n't exist for many hundreds of years to come . 
  what you do is like someone using a deragatory slur about modern russians , and then those saying it should be applied to 5th century venedi or sclavinian tribes as well , because they were also slavic . 
  no , russian does n't equal ancient venedi/slavic tribes , turkish today does n't equal ancient bulgar , avar , hunnic etc. 
  tribes . 
  there is an ongoing debate if the bulgars were turkic or iranic . 
  http://www.novinite.com/articles/117903/scholars+claim+bulgarians+descended+from+iran http://samoistina.com/2/similarities.htm, 
  are those protestant churches ? 
  well the general came from the pro-putin socialist party on a russia-friendly platform , so yeah i guess it 's 100 % a putin vibe . 
  taught by whom ? 
  we do n't have a hive mind here in bulgaria that teaches us everything we know about the world , we are individuals with vastly different information based on our sources . 
  is that not the case in germany ? 
  are you brainwashed meticulously so whatever you say i must accept as `` this is what they teach them in germany '' ? 
  my sources are pretty much anything you can find on the internet that ranks european countries based on religiousity or church attendence . 
  the protestant countries are entirely , all of them , at the very bottom with less than even 10 % , whilst the catholic and orthodox ones only have one or two such exceptions . 
  ( france and czech for the catholics , bulgaria for the orthodox ) https://i.redd.it/h83rcifgswox.png, 
  indeed , these cases are even remotely comparable to the 15,000 separate protestant churches that exist in the us alone . 
  / s learn to not use logical fallacies . 
  where else are there actively believing and practicing protestants in large numbers ? 
  europe ? 
  lol, 
  you ' v got one , the catholic . 
  the protestant areas are basically 90 % atheist at that point , as protestantism easily died under the assault of the atheist forces in europe 's modern age all over the continent . 
  in scandinavia , england , northern netherlands , estonia and latvia or protestant germany - believers are basically below 10 % . 
  unlike in most of catholic or orthodox europe . 
  ergo , protestantism either devolved into a bazillion moronic churches like in the us , or simply died like in protestant europe . 
  both are cases that from a christian perspective it was a disaster . 
  muuuh reductio ad absurdum , i 'm so smart i can barely resist myself . 
  that 's what you get when you destroy the church framework of an organized religion , you get thousands of sects and preachers saying whatever their brains come up with . 
  they were warned this would happen 5 centuries ago . 
  catholics 2017 : [ climate change is important ] ( http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/334881-pope-francis-gave-trump-2015-encyclical-on-climate-change ) , [ evolution and big bang are real ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/pope-francis-declares-evolution-and-big-bang-theory-are-right-and-god-isnt-a-magician-with-a-magic-9822514.html ) . 
  protestants 2017 : [ the earth is 7000 years old , people used to hunt and ride dinasours ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2007/may/29/usa ) . 
  he is an [ airforce general . 
  ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/xm5z3qm3n7i/hqdefault.jpg ) our prime minister is [ a black belt and former bodyguard of the communist ear leader , as well as mobster in the 90s ] ( http://rf-smi.ru/uploads/posts/2014-12/1418319513_boiko-thumb-540-0-192.jpg ) . 
  you get the sentiment our people have for the type of leaders they elect . 
  you ca n't get more spineless than that really . 
  even when muslims literary butcher people on the streets ... it 's * still * the fault of the `` far-right '' . 
  i see lots of romanians using this argument , but then forgetting that the all the land they received in transylvania was by far not 100 % romanian either . 
  sure hungary had lots of land that should n't have belong to it before , but afterwards they were not taken only those lands , but also lots of their core ethnic ones and they are right to be pissed about it . 
  711ad , we did it first . 
  the turkish/muslim population of bulgaria has grown both as percentage and numbers since the liberation , to about 1.2 million people today . 
  the christian/greek/armenian population of turkey was huge and reduced to less than 1 % today , through a combination of deportations , forced assimilation and outright genocide . 
  for turks to dare criticise bulgaria for the fate of its minority is the absolute height of hypocrisy . 
  it 's like iran criticising the netherlands on gay rights - pathetic . 
  yeah but he 's stupid you see for it . 
  i am not the one that whines , check out the comment thread - it was a turk that whined about the greeks doing to his people the exact same things you have now spent a few posts explaining was entirely normal and we ca n't blame the turks for . 
  why do n't you go tell him to stop tone down his nationalism and stop bitching about the smyrna turks killed , cause `` everyone did it , the romans , alexander , blah blah ... '' ? 
  cause you ' r as nationalistic as the people you accuse of whining . 
  so then why do you whine about the greeks doing that same thing when they got the chance to ? 
  at least they had a moral reason to hate the turks after centuries of oppression , all that the turks had when they invaded was `` meh , we can do it so we will '' . 
  your question makes no sense - the turks conquered a group of people , subjugated and oppressed them for centuries , then this group hit back . 
  this makes sense and is quite logical , if you do n't want group a to hate and kill you then do n't occupy it for centuries , instead of doing it but then whine like a bitch that they ... hate and kill you . 
  it 's obviously of your own doing . 
  quite simple . 
  your question seems irrelevant . 
  i did n't though . 
  i asked something else .
