  prawda jest taka , \u017ce gdzie po drugiej wojny \u015bwiatowej w europie wst\u0105pili amerykanie i kapitalizm wybudowali [ to ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/70652081.jpg ) , a gdzie rosjanie i komunizm - [ to ] ( https://www.getlokal.com/uploads/article/original/c6e46d0e82bb2c68e5bef61df6dcc13f482b00ef.jpg ) . 
  i said `` they were right '' in the sense they were right to not want waves of immigrants to their country , same as any person in the world does . 
  the countries are our national homes , inherited from our ancestors , we have all the right to decide who to share our homes with . 
  yugoslavia was n't 6 times the population of austria , as the third world is in comparisson with the population fo the eu . 
  yugoslavia ca n't even theoretically overwhelm austria - africa and the islamic world most certainly can do it to europe , especially considering they will double to quadruple this century . 
  finlandia od estonii ? 
  precisely . 
  as we try defending europe 's ideals of freedom and tolerance from the neo-nazis that attack the immigrants we slowly give it away to a population that boasts even greater percentage of intollerant and violent people . 
  orchestrating frozen conflicts all over eastern europe !, 
  hardly can a small nation like the syrians do such a change , so i was obviously referring to the wider migration from the entire islamic world , producing often more concentrations of hardline islamism in certain european cities than in most muslim cities around the world . 
  spotted the ataka/bsp voter . 
  go watch some more peevski media about glorious russia and evil us . 
  your kind is a cancer to our country . 
  europe is becoming dominated by neo-nazi scum and islamic barbarians . 
  and it 's very annoying when you ' r accused of supporting one of those groups any time you cirticize the other one . 
  i just want them both the fuck out . 
  take the far-left anarchists and spineless multi-cultis with you on the way out . 
  the industrial core sucking in the periphery . 
  pretty normal . 
  hard to acomplish that when islamists become a substantial percentage of the population . 
  wheras i explained to you his was more of a statement , than a question . 
  a statement directly answering your quesion . 
  not all sentences finishin with ? 
  are questions . 
  `` are you a fucking idiot ? '', 
  is more of a statement than a question , right ? 
  his was also a statement , answering your question that you have obviously no answer to so are grabbing onto semantics . 
  whereas if you are from anatolia you can be 100 % certain you have primarily greek , armenian and slavic blood . 
  and they were right , same as he is now . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  balkans in a nutshell . 
  the story of pretty much any situation here can end or start with `` just before two gypsies arrived to beg for money '' . 
  his answer was very clear - it 's not a point to be made by `` how many people there are already in turkey '' , since it 's not europe 's responsibility to take care of the world 's refugees , be it economical or conflict-based . 
  they will only increase exponentially this century and we ca n't compromise our own societies ' safety , peace and security by taking in millions . 
  therefore , your question `` there are 1.8 million refugees in turkey . 
  how many more do you think they can handle ? '', 
  is irrelevant to europe 's decision on immigrants and refugees . 
  eastern europe *, 
  you are trying to appease a country that has crossed the line , quite literaly . 
  there was no `` incident '' , there was a carefully planned and executed land-grab , followed by the ongoing creation of a civil war with the end result of yet another frozen conflict . 
  it seems your memmory is short , because the same happened in moldova and georgia . 
  now ukraine , and you think the continent should still stay put and do nothing . 
  appease the russians from fear of their radicalisation . 
  they are as radicalised as it gets . 
  they hate our guts , they despise europe and all it stands for . 
  they are paranoid , nationalistic and retrograde to the extend of germans in the 1930s . 
  appeasement serves no purpose other than let the kremlin keep doing these frozen ethnic conflicts . 
  and you are wrong , most of europe does have a common voice and army , in the face of nato . 
  it is nato we talk about here and its allocation of bases east . 
  which is more than logical and deserved following the ukrainian provocation of the kremlin , that only filled the glass with previous such in moldova and georgia . 
  they left 20 years ago durniu . 
  no idea either . 
  myself i ' v never heard of a more peaceful and non-expansionistic state than russia . 
  i honestly do n't get this spineless attitude - why is it only russia or great powers that can be `` antagonised '' ? 
  europe ca n't ? 
  we just have to be the ones taking it from behind ? 
  it 's the other way around - the kremlin has antagonised europe by waging open warfare on the continent and annexing land for the first time since ww2 . 
  putting troops and bases is the logical response they'v provoked from us . 
  not us provoking them . 
  no , says the person who does n't need to put others down to feel better because he has succeeded enough to feel happy and fullfilled , unlike bitter and sad loosers with inferiority complexes like you . 
  and you know what 's funnier - i 'm actually polish living in sofia . 
  or maybe russia ought to think twice before arming dictators that have n't dropped the power in 4 decades , but eagerly drop barrel bombs on their citizens . 
  i can see you ' v failed too , or else would n't have the need to put others down to feel better . 
  classical behaviour from those at the bottom of the social ladder . 
  yay someone shows medieval bulgaria properly for once . 
  can into relevance !, 
  macedonia gib clay !, 
  that 's the most obvious attempt at trolling in this sub i ' v seen . 
  might not even be a russian . 
  regardless , it 's pathetic and no one should be answering you . 
  redditors are n't by far the average citizen of any country , particularly of ex-socialist ones . 
  i bet my ass the vast majority of us here work in outsourcing , finances or something else generally above the median for our countries and represent a pro-western portion . 
  the vast majority , at least here in bulgaria , are the opposite of both . 
  not sure what you meant , but members of plenty different people hate us , not just the serbs . 
  or was it sarcasm ? 
  thank you for the second , i am personally a big fan of serb music ( not turbo folk , but bregovic and co. ) and would n't have the slightest negative opinion had it not been for my sour encounters with bulgarophobia from so many serbs . 
  ( and macedonians , who repeated strangely the exact same things as the serbs , which i attribute to the same education in yugoslav times ), 
  yeah sure , and i fall from the sky . 
  that ; s reddit dude , no way someone is calling himself `` stronk '' and proceeds to talk about the eu and capitalism completely out of nowhere in a conversation about his contradiction on something entirely else , unless he is trolling . 
  you would have to be close to mental retardation to mean it and i doubt you 'd be using the internet in that case , so i 'll go with troll . 
  this is a sarcastic parody you just did right ? 
  :d it ca n't be a serious sentance . 
  i hardly care . 
  it 's just that you were denying something we all see as if we ' r 5 year olds . 
  good of you to recognise your contradiction . 
  nope , you wrote : `` thank that to brezhnev and khruschev , and not russia in general . '', 
  in reponse to him adressing the ussr in the exact same way you addressed the us . 
  so now you obviously see how hypocritical you were to generalize the us the way you later said people should n't generalize russia and are trying to play it down . 
  no worries , i 'm not judging you , just showing you a contradiction you made . 
  accept it as you wish . 
  you wrote `` the us has made imo ... '' but then objected to someone writing : `` the ussr has made imo ... '' . 
  that 's the clear double standard i am talking of . 
  why is it ok for you to write the us in general did this or that , but not ok according to you if people wrote `` the ussr '' in general did this or that ? 
  from your other comment , relevant to this one too :  that 's not what i meant . 
  what i said was that the comment above me implied that socialism was nothing more than `` people who dont have stuff taking stuff from people who do have stuff '' . 
  whereas you seem to imply socialism is about `` the people '' vs `` the 1 % '' . 
  which is n't the case . 
  socialism in the marxist way of thinking ( since you quoted marx ) is about public ownership of the means of production and the basic implementation of the principle `` to each according to his needs , from each according to his abilities '' . 
  this , in itself , creates a huge ammount of injustice comparable to the ones you fight against . 
  a doctor , who studied hard for 8 years is required to work 60 hours a week because `` he can '' ( since he put the effort to learn ) .
