  they 've done it to the bulgarians as well , claiming our people in macedonia as `` southern serbs '' and even the shop region of sofia as ethnicly serbian . 
  hey i thought you were just playing ? 
  not serious banter with a troll , right ? 
  that 's what you wrote previously at least . 
  now all of a sudden back to the painfully obvious butthurt of a nazi that ca n't correlate the shitty conditions of his country with the desire to feel superior at the same time . 
  you 're having some serious mood swings , so sorry i 'll ask but , am i talking to a girl ? 
  and if yes , is it `` that time of the month '' ? 
  oh that last one got to you did n't it . 
  :d it 's ok dude , you can go , you surrendered already by ignoring your idiotic argument with the haplogroup map that you ca n't answer , besides there 's no one else watching this conversation but the two of us , you can stop acting like you ' r saving face in front of others . 
  it 's hillarious looking back at this conversation how your `` superior '' mind progressively descends from cohesive thought into shorter and more incoprehensible growls . 
  i though you were superior dude , why are you surrendering in this argument so easily ? 
  i know you ' v been looking for a way out for the past couple posts , but this last one was just like lying on the floor and shouting i give up . 
  not a very `` face-saving '' way of legging it out i must say . 
  but then again , you ' r the mind who manages to correlate acting like a savage and feeling like a super-human , so i guess there must be some other mental gymnastics there to help you correlate loosing an argument to a `` sub-human '' in the most pathetic way , but also feeling superior to him . 
  why do you use gypsies as offensive term here ? 
  you ' v been acting like one for the past few comments , and now suddenly use them as insult ? 
  dude , you ' r good . 
  you ' r really good with that secret mental gymanstics superior people seem to have , that allows them so easily it seems to act like the dirtiest of gypos , but then feel like they are better . 
  great !, 
  i am now * really * interrested in you teaching me the secret too . 
  and stop running from the map issue , for a third comment now . 
  cowardice is n't superior now , is it ? 
  i ask again : if the map shows how we should classify nations ( yours northern according to it ) , then how do we classify the spanish and the scottish in the same one - as both southern europe , or both northern europe ? 
   because i 'm superior over you , you 're just bending knee slave who will not achieve anything in this universe . 
  the question was how you correlate acting like a savage and considering yourself superior . 
  if this is the answer you are going with , should i take it there is some form of mental gymnastics allowing the genetically superior to both act as the dirtiest of gypsies * and * still be superior in their eyes ? 
  and if yes , could i perhaps ask you to teach it to me , the inferior mind , so that i too , like yourself , can perhaps one day behave in the filthiest of ways without feeling ashamed ? 
  thank you in advance . 
   they are and always will be , at least they 're not you - natures mistake . 
  so if they are from the same classification group , which one is it - do i call the pr , esp and it guys `` northern europe '' from now on or do i call the irish and scottish `` southern europe '' ? 
  i 'm interrested from a purely psychological point of view - how does a hardline chauvinistic , if not openly neo-nazi , `` person '' like yourself , rationalize obviously uncivilized , barbarian-like , even i 'd say vulgar outbursts like the one you just demonstrated , with a perceived feeling of `` superiority '' ? 
  you do realize , i am sure , you just acted like a savage from some african jungle that has n't seen a university yet , but at the same time you consider yourself `` ubermensch '' , judging by the use of `` sub-human '' . 
  does n't that create the logical clash it would in a normal person 's head and if not , then what 's the mental gymnastics you perfom allowing you to correlate the two ? 
  you did n't say if you consider the portogues , spanish and italians the same group of people as scottish and irish , since you use the map above for such conclusions . 
  are we going to ignore you made that statement of the map like it did n't happen now you have no answer ? 
   difference we getting this thing erased because of nordic investment here while your country is the one that will stay with impoverished people and communist blocks . 
  my country , poland , or at least its western part from where i am , is already more developped than the baltics . 
  but i 'm not a pathetic little shit to arrogantly put that in people 's face when i have no argument . 
  you , on the other hand ...  who the fuck said we want to be nordic , holy sh * t man , we 're northern europeans 4 highest by height europeans , there is reason for that - genetics . 
  just because we used to control that swamp , potato land that is today 's belarus , russia and ukraine does n't mean we 're eastern european forever now . 
  ahh yes , a the racial type . 
  it explains now the quick attempt at being an arrogant little prick about what you thought was my country . 
  just fyi , by your own logic and map - either italy , spain and portugal are northerners because they have simillar haplogroup composition as the scottish and irish , or the latter are medditeranean/southern people . 
  using haplogroups to cathegorize countries is such a solid argument . 
  no , geographically you ' r in the very centre of europe . 
  [ either you or belarus , depending on the continental borders we choose to accept ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/04/extreme_points_of_europe.png ) . 
  so let 's not use that card . 
  next . 
  no one refers to greece as western europe . 
  southern europe at the most . 
  medditerranean also often , never have i heard it as western . 
  profiles are free to look at , a good 10-15 % of my posts show my deep hatred for the ussr and russia , both modern and imperial . 
  your pathetic attempt at dismissing my arguments with and ad hominem , on the other hand , tells me you ' r just a butthurt lithuanian wanting desperately to be associated with the northern nations like finland and sweden , rather than the eastern ones like ukraine and belarus . 
  despite being almost nothing like the former , and very much like the latter . 
  tough luck , face it - you ' r an eastern european , ex soviet nation with impoverished people and communist blocks , like the rest of them , not a north european nation with all the predominantly positive assosiations this brings in people 's minds , that you secretly hope will also bring when they think of yours as `` northern '' . 
  greece is medditerranean and so is turkey . 
  your point being ? 
  this war did not end happily for me , so why should i celebrate its end ? 
  the beginning symbolizes people rising up after centuries and finally regaining the power to fight the invader . 
  the end symbolizes people choosing to backstab their former allies by stealing the lands for which they 'd entered the war in the first place . 
  ah yeah right . 
  sure . 
  and the fact assad took responsibility and personally explained he sent the security forces to crack down because the protesters were `` bandints '' according to him was somehow ommited it seems on the conspiracy channels you watch . 
  or the barrel bombs he 's been dropping on his own cities , turnign aleppo and homs into ruin . 
  but do n't let facts ruin your cozy little narrative of the one great evil causing all bad things in the world ever . 
  because it liberated a few million people , only a 9 years after thousands rebelled and were butchered in the [ illinden uprising ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilinden%e2%80%93preobrazhenie_uprising ) of 1903 . 
  nations that were vassalised or occupied for almost half a millenia by a powerful empire were now actually pushing that empire back and freeing the remaining - that 's something definitely worth celebrating . 
  why ? 
  it 's the first one , not the second . 
  whom do they owe gratitue to in this case , and why does `` gratitude '' have to equate `` adop west 's failed demographic policy '' ? 
  it was n't the us that mass murdered the protesters in syria that caused the uprising . 
  it was n't them taht bombed aleppo to the ground . 
  or most syrian cities in the north for that matter . 
  why are serbs so much more pro-yugoslavia than croats and slovenes ? 
  is it because it was with capital belgrade ? 
  what problem do you have with him bringing that fact up ? 
  you seem awfully butthurt by him doing so for you to just consider it unimportant . 
  seems more like something you do n't like being brought up . 
  yes . 
  people simplifying geo-politics to words like `` bad guy '' are more indicative of the general ignorance on those issues . 
  romania and bulgaria have much lower wages than poland and still their prices are higher . 
  wow really , did n't know that . 
  why ? 
  that seems like really late - 1996 , it 's usually old rules thate get relaxed with time , why have something like this legal become illegal as late as 1996 ? 
  `` traditional '' implies historical . 
  baltic states were throghout most of their history part of eastern european entities - teutonic order , lithuania , commonwealth , russian empire , poland , ussr . 
  briefly and only partly under sweden in the 1600s . 
  geo-politically they have continuously been for hundreds of years in the same basket as other eastern european people , countries , alliances , unions etc. , not the nordic people . 
  today they are still part of the ex-soviet or post-communist states . 
  part of `` the 11 '' that joined the eu together . 
  part of the so-called `` new europe '' . 
  part of the states with demographic crisis , soviet architecture , russian minorities from the time ussr was doing population shifts , and of those with people going abroad to work rather than receiving immigrants , or economies trying to catch up to the western ones . 
  there 's zero to do geo-politically , socially or economically with the nordics and all to do with eastern and central europe . 
  and here i was thinking there might just be fewer casinos and strips in turkey . 
  that 's like ukrainians saying `` we are n't eastern europe , we 're on the black sea '' . 
  eastern europe is basically between baltic 's southern coast and black sea 's northern . 
  baltic states are e.europe 's northern border , same as crimea is its southern . 
  you kinda already are - every time i go to plovdiv the casinos and strip clubs are filled with turks . 
  do n't know why it 's so popular - istanbul is far bigger a city and closer to all large turkish cities . 
  if they converted to islam it would surely turn germany 's position in this quickly , seeing as they seem to have a fetish in taking such people in .
