  this is the mentality i dislike : http://www.nationalreview.com/article/370083/racism-runs-deep-russia-cody-boutilier http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/poll-finds-stalins-popularity-high/476342.html http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/was-stalins-terror-justified-poll-shows-more-russians-think-it-was/518298.html http://www.apnorc.org/projects/pages/html%20reports/public-opinion-in-russia-russians-attitudes-on-foreign-affairs-and-social-issues0401-6253.aspx http://www.apnorc.org/projects/pages/html%20reports/public-opinion-in-russia-russians-attitudes-on-the-economic-and-domestic-issues-issue-brief.aspx http://www.theguardian.com/world/datablog/2015/jul/23/vladimir-putins-approval-rating-at-record-levels http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/poll-shows-russian-attitudes-to-gay-people-are-worse-than-decade-ago/525429.html, 
  what ? 
  why not ? 
  thanks for the input . 
   my girlfriend 's half-jewish by the way , but maybe i 'm such a backwards cretin i have n't noticed yet . 
  being honest about who you are before giving your opinion on a geo-political issue is something that should be commended , not shunned . 
  you seem to have missed the evolution of the concept of the nation state . 
  the purpose of the nation state is to safeguard and foster the nation which created it . 
  to preserve this nation 's unique culture , language , traditions , historical identity and loyalty . 
  that was the purpose why ethnicities fought in the spring of nations to break up from the austrian , russian and german empires . 
  precisely to make states where * their * ethnicity , language and culture would be protected from assimilation , which was happening in the empires . 
  now cultural marxists come and claim not even within the nation state ought one consider his ethnicity and culture more important and worth preserving , which frankly , is a disgusting concept . 
  there are multicultural , colonial states where all ethnicities are equal because no single one created the state - like the us or australia . 
  you go there and all you need to adopt is the identity and loyalty to the country and flag , nothing else . 
  but within european nation-states one ca n't argue ethnicity and culture are irrelevant and all equally important . 
  they are n't - that 's why the nation states exist - to safeguard the existance of each of those and when one is threatened from becoming a minority within the very nation state it created - that 's a problem . 
  not a racist/populist stance . 
  and btw , two things - i 'm not bulgarian and i hate within my guts the mafia-controlled populist right wing of bulgaria , ataka , barekov , bsp and pf . 
  i vote reformators becuse i am a moderate centrist with pro-democratic and pro-eu views . 
  those do not , however , exclude an understanding of what the purpose of a nation-state is or mean i should be a cultural marxists and national nihilist . 
  this is n't about the eu or even about refugees in specific . 
  it 's about the possibility of the irish ethnicity becoming a minority in its own ancestral home . 
  thus nothing like their own migration to the us at the late 19th century . 
  do n't derail to suit your argument . 
  when huge america was taking refugees from tiny ireland , you compare to tiny ireland opening its doors to ennormous africa and asia ? 
  did n't read my post it seems , got ta copy that shit for you :  then also count the great russian artists during the 1730-1917 era and those outside of it . 
  see if it compares . 
  your argument was russian culture eclipses most others , and that argument only works for the era russia was fully european . 
  giving a few names of great artists later or before that era is n't supportive of your claim , but mine . 
   no , serbia and croatia were much worse than you . 
  but you still ethnically cleansed 300,000 people in modern times . 
  adjusted for size , it would be like russia cleansing 4.5 million . 
  i am just saying that us , balkan states , would be worse if only somebody gave us that kind of power . 
  first , do n't say * you * , i 'm not bulgarian . 
  secondly , i 'm not sure if you ' r joking or serious . 
  bulgaria opened its borders , it * gave people a freedom * that the rest of the nation did n't have . 
  it did n't force anyone to leave . 
  nor did it kill anyone . 
  and you call this an ethnic cleansing , comparing it with the cleansings where people are butchered like dogs . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
   i ca n't do statistics to show which was more oppressive . 
  my subjective opinion is that russia was quite oppressive , perhaps not more than china , though.but if you are looking for examples that make russia unique then this is a wrong one . 
  other great powers killed millions of their own citizens , the uk in ireland , india , the usa with native americans , china on many occasions . 
  i did n't include non-russians when i was saying russia murdered millions of its own people . 
  only ethnic russians , the other genocides are external . 
  so why include non-english or non-wasp americans ? 
  when did london mass-murder millions of white , protestant english , the way kremlin 's been murdering millions of slavic , orthodox ethnic russians ? 
  you are either joking or do n't know when these people lived . 
  tolstoy , zamyatin , bulgakov , nabokov and dostoevsky were all born in tzarist russia that i explained was heavily intertwined with europe and its culture . 
  some of them died in it too . 
  go ahead , give me the likes of dostoevsky and tolstoy who were born before petrine russia or after it . 
  then also count the great russian artists during the 1730-1917 era and those outside of it . 
  see if it compares . 
  your argument was russian culture eclipses most others , and that argument only works for the era russia was fully european . 
  giving a few names of great artists later or before that era is n't supportive of your claim , but mine . 
   that is something , i guess . 
  not executing your minorities , just expelling them . 
  is this why 13 % of the population of bulgaria , or 800,000 people today are turkish ? 
  they did n't expel them either , the communist regime temporarily opened the otherwise closed border hoping the entire minority would go to turkey . 
  only 300,000 left - 800,000 are still here . 
  you are honestly trying to compare this to ethnic mass murders . 
   i do n't understand why mass murdering other people 's citizens is supposed to be better than mass murdering your own . 
  my opinion of nazi germany would be higher if they killed a dozen million of their own citizens instead of doing that to other nations . 
  i pointed it out as the thing that sets russia apart , not as better than killing others . 
  you tried equating their history with that of every other world power and large nation . 
  it is n't , it 's much more bloody and oppressive , with mass murders - both foreign and domestic , repeated each century . 
  bulgaria never mass murdered any of its minorities . 
  few countries , even very big , mass murdered their own citizens and as often as russia . 
  from ivan grozny , to peter , to the bolsheviks - russia conducts mass murders of its own people every century . 
  tell of another world power that does it . 
  invented in germany and england ? 
  the innocent people caught between their fire loose . 
  russia shines exceptional in art and literature only in the brief 150 years after catherine the great . 
  when it was fully integrated as a european power , ruled by germans , with a nobility speaking french and artists that learned from european art . 
  then it all ended when russia was again taken into asia by the bolsheviks . 
  literary the only period of golden russian culture is when it was european culture they produced and emulated . 
  there 's nothing remarcable above other cultures when you look at pre-petrine or post-tzarist russia . 
  i 'm not bulgarian . 
  you , on the other hand , demostrate a level of cultural response and ad hominem quite the same that would be used by a medieval `` tatar '' . 
  since you probably received as much an education as they did out in the steppe . 
  pretty funny you made that account just to tell me this . 
  :d proper medieval mongol you are . 
  sorry , i made a mistake in my post claiming the last time your capital was taken by foreign armies was 200 years ago . 
  napoleon took moscow , not st. petersburg , so not even 200 years ago is correct . 
  i 'd say 400 years ago was the last time , when the poles took moscow . 
  i might be wrong - care to elaborate when was it the last time `` when your capital lies in ruins and the night is long and cold '' ? 
  and i 'd hate any one of them if it was still annexing land in europe through war the same way it did for centuries . 
  it so happens , only russia 's doing it . 
  whilst britain , france , spain etc. 
  released their colonies - russia is trying to take them back . 
  i pity the world you live in , where the only possible options for a state is to be under a. a bloody dictatorship b. an islamic shariah c. us-imposed murderous regime is finland under one of these ? 
  oh no , wait , why am i comparing ? 
  * you * can wish for a democratic government , after all * you * are different . 
  white , european , christian or secular . 
  * those * people however - those syrians , fuck em . 
  they have to choose one of the 3 options above . 
  those brown middle eastern people have no right to dream of a democratic government and must be crushed by russian-made bombs when they rebel against their dictator . 
  either that or get beheaded by the islamists . 
  good going mate , you manage to be anti-western leftist * at * the same time as a hidden racist . 
  a formidable feat .
