  by the way , most of the rich world is far more homogeneus than most of the third world , especially africa , middle east and south asia . 
  so again - your correlations are nonsensical . 
  try again to find reasons to defend why a perfectly fine homogeneus society should replace that for the instability and social tensions and potential clashes of a diverse one . 
  other than pure ideological bullshit , that is , such as `` diversity is our strength '' . 
  jesus , what a god damn pointless burden it is to have a diverse society . 
  day after day you got ta read of some new problem/clash/dispute that countries like poland , japan or hungary never have . 
  honestly , what 's the point of it and how do any possible benefits outweigh all the negatives ? 
  jesus , what a god damn pointless burden it is to have a diverse society . 
  day after day you got ta read of some new problem/clash/dispute that countries like poland , japan or hungary never have . 
  honestly , what 's the point of it and how do any possible benefits outweigh all the negatives ? 
  well you see we need at least some minimal amount of people dying to keep the economy running . 
  it 's called multi-level marketing lad and it 's what won us the second world war . 
  and us . 
  with our combined efforts we can screw any positive european statistic !, 
  you seem to have given `` democracy '' some values or ideals that do not necessarily belong to it . 
  of course you can have democracy without rule of law and of course mob rule is perfectly synonymous with democratic rule . 
  just because you ' v imagined a perfect system in your head that is both democratic and not `` mob rule '' does n't mean this is democracy . 
  democracy is simply the rule of the majority - republican rule is the rule of law . 
  [ here 's something for you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jds6fyuikli ) to help you understand the difference between republic and democracy . 
  see , you contradict yourself . 
  you claim precise percentages are important i should 've given them , but then go on to claim up to 15 % muslim population of georgia , when it is around 9 % . 
  you made a whole fuss about being precise and wasted our time for nothing ... just to not be precise yourself . 
  `` christianisation policies '' , lol . 
  all of anatolia , caucasus and levant was christian before islamisation `` policies '' . 
  no , only around 90 % . 
  -_- stop wasting our time please . 
  the pedantic waste of time that does not disprove an argument in any way is among the most pointless ways you can try to be counter someone 's statement . 
  a true waste of both our times . 
  georgia : orthodox christian ( official ) 83.9 % armenian-gregorian 3.9 % roman catholic 0.8 % = christian : 88.6 % of the population, 
  because it 's a country of 80 million muslims asking for such travel towards europe . 
  georgia is a country of 3.6 million christians . 
  go figure who 'd the europeans rather give free access to . 
  you ca n't have a liberal democracy with a liberal constitution within an illiberal society , or else you have n't imposed it democratically , but against the will of the majority . 
  ergo - undemocratically . 
  `` democratically '' simply means it is done with the consent of the majority . 
  stop giving it a positive connotation . 
  if the majority wants homosexuals burned , then doing this would be as democratic as anything else . 
  meanwhile , if you legalise gay marriage within a society where the majority opposes it - you are acting against democracy and being dictatorial . 
  see , i have no problems with the latter . 
  i only have problems with people unable to face the reality of their cognitive dissonance which puts their ideals and values often against the democratic will , hence embrace the idea that democracy might not be the ultimate system of governance . 
  you are comparing apples and oranges . 
  politics is all that happens within the system of governance of a country . 
  what that system is - democracy , monarchy , dictatorship etc. 
  is a wholly different question . 
  you seem to use terms you do not understand and thus fail to show how it is not democracy to forbid gay marriage within a society whose majority opposes it . 
  there should be no restrictions on how a company brands itself or its products . 
  if i want to deceive you that the shit i sell you in this bag is actually magic chocolate from heaven , it 's your own fault if you believe me and buy it . 
  even more so , if you continue to do it . 
  it 's no business of the state to meddle in free transactions between free individuals . 
  or maybe we can also start penalizing people who market themselves unfairly to the opposite gender and `` deceive '' the partner of what they can actually offer before consumption ? 
  maybe we can ask the state to start penalising those who deceive their future employers in their cv 's ? 
  and so on and so on . 
  stop this statist , socialist nonsense and get the bureaucracy out of the affairs of free individuals and independent consumers . 
  if you ca n't chose what products are worthy or good for you , it 's your own damn fault and stupidity , own it . 
  the point of a brand is to market the products of a company in order to bring it profit . 
  these companies make profits by selling their stock according to quality based on the local prices . 
  hence nothing wrong for the brand or the corporation is going on , they are making a profit , you are paying for the quality you get . 
  i see no problem other than cases when the product would have equal prices in both , say , romania and switzerland . 
  then they should have equal quality . 
  but that 's rarely the case and i doubt most romanians would want swiss prices , so they should n't demand swiss quality . 
  once again simple economics - you ca n't demand more than what you are paying for . 
  if these people have the democratic electorate to support such a proposal , it is democracy . 
  if all representative political parties support it , this is democracy within a representative parliamentary system . 
  if the supporters of gay marriage are far fewer and do not in any way , shape or form organise even remotely as massively behind their cause as those who oppose it , then this is democracy . 
  i know being a supporter of democracy puts you in a cognitive dissonance forcing you to find ways to call it `` not democracy '' every time it goes against your fundamental principles . 
  it must suck . 
  perhaps it 's time to reconsider it then . 
  that 's democracy for you . 
  i love the cognitive dissonance so many people today have where they simultaneously defend the horrible democracy as a form of government , but then again hate it every time it does n't suit their views of society . 
  if the price of the same food products is the same in east and west but quality different , then this is a valid concern . 
  if the same product is sold at different prices , of course those sold more cheaply can be of a lower quality . 
  that 's literary what selling and buying at a certain price means . 
  you want to buy the quality of a product in switzerland or norway ? 
  pay the price they would in switzerland or norway . 
  basic economics . 
  no one is entitled to a quality higher than the price he pays relative to the hgher price people would pay for the same product elsewhere . 
  a constitutional monarch is one who 's power within the state is limited to a representative role and as head of state . 
  the constitution limits his executive and legislative authority . 
  the alternative is not a state without a constitution ( which is impossible , since a constitution literary means the founding document of a state ) , but a state in which the constituton does not limit the power of the monarch as an executive and legislative , but only limits the extend that the executive and legislative can have on society . 
  he ca n't expand those as they are themselves limited by the constitution - yet the same constitution does not limit his own powers within them . 
  the world i propose is the opposite of that , we live in a cutthroat and apathetic world today where basic human rights and freedoms are broken constantly . 
  a world of responsible monarchs within free , minarchist societies is a lot more compassionate , safe and prosperous . 
  hence why i support it , because i want the greatest percentage of people possible to prosper and the least amount to suffer . 
  something democracy is extremely impeding upon . 
  both . 
  an absolute monarch over a minarchist state . 
  as such he has the responsibility and attitude of a private owner over a state which is itself restricted to the functions of [ a night-watchman state ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night-watchman_state ) , as opposed to the overbloated , overintursive and highly corrosive for society state at the moment . 
   inclusive institutions quite vague . 
  which such institutions can only exist in a popular democracy and are crucial for economic development ? 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  we live better due to the scientific method , capitalism , free trade and numerous other things all developed before mass , popular , universal represntative democracy was established in the middle of the 20th century . 
  yet since then our societies have been mismanaged by the complete lack of personal responsibility by the `` temporary caretakers '' we elect and have now gone into insane levels of debt and short-sighted policies impossible in the previous ages . 
  we did not prosper * thanks * to popular democracy , but * inspite of it * . 
  however , we do and will suffer increasingly in the future because of it . 
  do try to open your mind a little bit and listen to [ people far better versed in history and economics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k12teooksqm ) than yourself , who just might happen to have an argument or two you never thought about before . 
  it just so happens i have bachelor 's degree of history from coventry uni and a master 's from ku leuven . 
  professor hoppe and other opponents of mass democracy have far more . 
  the [ `` argument of authority '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_authority ) is a useless logical fallacy to begin with . 
  not unlimited , not `` shit about it '' . 
  it 's can be and has been multiple times lot better and libertarian than the current hellish system .
