  i can only say this because he survived unharmed as we see in the full version of the video . 
  i 'm not the one claiming my people know more about another region than the people living in that region . 
  that 's you . 
  we always picked the side that said we can unite with macedonia - the single goal of our foreign policy for the past 120 years . 
  since the serbs and greeks took it in the first balkan war they effectively chose our sides for us - each time we 'd have to choose the one they were at war with , regardless if it 's `` the winning one or not '' , so as to take back our region . 
  had the serbs and greeks fought the entente in ww1 or the allies in ww2 we 'd be at the opposite sides of what we were . 
  that 's how our choices worked . 
  can any azeris explain to me why azerbayjan is bent on taking `` nagorno-karabach '' , when it 's clearly populated by armenians ? 
  we know how you feel - they gave the greeks our southern access to the aegean after ww1 . 
  i say we make an alliance and help eachother get our southern sea coasts . 
  about the geo-political situation in eastern europe , relations with russia and the us ' potential role in the region ? 
  i 'd beg to differ , we are far more clued up than the average westerner . 
  not as full of ourselves though , fedoras are n't the same hit here yet . 
  but we are more to the south than you , half the country has purely meditteranean climate , grow tons of wine , roses and figs ( as opposed to corn in serbia ) and we ' v access to a sea with lots of ex-greek colony towns - now tourist resorts . 
  pretty text-book south european country and quite different in terms of climate , people , cousine , nature and towns from traditional `` eastern europe '' . 
  and why the hell would people go to their former oppressor ? 
  did the greeks , serbs and bulgarians emigrate en mass to the ottoman empire after the liberation of their states ? 
  or the poles to russia ? 
  you can either hate on your colonisers for oppression * or * go to their country , doing both is contradictory . 
  i 'm not complaining from racism - i was n't attacked or discriminated against and even if i was it would n't be racism since i 'm not from a different race . 
  i complain from hypocrisy - the arguments against immigration they used against us barely apply to a tiny nation with a horrendeus fertility rate as ours , yet fully apply to the huge and growing nations of africa and asia . 
  yet they close their eyes to them and aim at us because we ca n't draw the racism and islamophobia card . 
  furthermore , i have no idea how is it racist to be worried about the effects a large muslim demographic would have on the secularism , human rights and values of europe . 
  you bet it is . 
  i brought 10,000 # in tuition fees to the uk , plus at least twice that much for my living expenses during my ba in coventry . 
  did n't cause trouble , did n't take any jobs or money out of the country ( on the contrary , i brought more into the uk than most english people will in their lives ) , yet when ukip 's campaign started targeting us in my last year there i was treated more than once unpleasantly by locals for being bulgarian . 
  a university employee straight up told me `` if you do n't like it go back to bulgaria '' when i complained about something one time . 
  they were handing out those ukip leaflets warning of the `` 29 million bulgarians and romanians will come here next year '' right outside my uni for all students of my class to see . 
  it was embarrassing and unpleasant , yet more so the fact that same year the uk was getting more than 10 times more immigrants from pakistan or nigeria than bulgaria and no one dare speak about that . 
  nope , * they * are n't to be touched or discussed . 
  we do n't want to sound racist , do n't we ? 
  those white easterners though , that ca n't take the islamophobia card out - they ' r fair game . 
  even if the vast majority of them either pay huge amounts of money to study there , or work and pay taxes . 
  it 's the hypocrisy of your society that 's annoying , and your utter lack of balls that keeps you `` politically correct '' in the open . 
  nevertheless i wish you good luck , you 'll need it when the people that decapitate soldiers on your streets become a substantial percentage of your demographic cause you were too busy talking about the eastern europeans that have some of the lowest fertility rates in the world ... 
  coal . 
  suck it . 
  on the contrary , the drop in oil prices helps all economies that import it rather than export it . 
  which is most . 
  only the producers suffer , and most of all those who have no proper diversification and other sources of revenue . 
  if putin was an actually good leader he 'd use the massive wealth from russian gas and oil in the past 15 years to diversify the economy as much as possible . 
  instead he distributed it around his cronies , poured into the military , wasted on the most expensive winter olympics in history , bought all the media in the country and bought himself people 's affection with token rises in sallaries . 
  a country with the ammount of natural resources of russia should ' v had some of the richest people on earth by now , if it was n't ruled by extremely corrupt clique that just keeps most of the money . 
  so now the country is almost as dependent on oil as before putin , but needs a far higher oil price to maintain its budget . 
  hence the recession and economic struggles . 
  you live in the feudal private posession of a few billionaires around putin . 
  110 russian citizens control 35 percent of the wealth , or literary - * thousands * of times more concentrated inequality than in the us or europe . 
  but keep worshipping your owner like a good pet for dropping you the leftover bones from the feast . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/putting-russias-unparalleled-wealth-disparity-in-perspective-2013-10 http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2013/10/10/231446353/if-you-think-wealth-disparity-is-bad-here-look-at-russia http://www.themoscowtimes.com/business/article/wealth-inequality-levels-in-russia-among-highest-worldwide/487594.html, 
  why fear it ? 
  poland needs as many young people as it can get with its demographic crisis . 
  ukrainians are among the best candidates to fill this position - neighbours , slavic , christian or secular , actually greatful to their new country , compared to people from outside of europe . 
  but it comes off as a fake jab at the eu when he uses all the arguments you mentioned against immigration ... that is only from the eu . 
  they work perfectly fine with non-eu immigrants - the unemployment in the uk , the benefits claim , the housing problem etc. , yet he never ever mentions indians , nigerians or pakis . 
  it 's only the poles , romanians and bulgarians that come out of his mouth , which i find hypocritical and an obvious sign immigration is just the tool he uses against his real target - the eu . 
  if india was in the eu we 'd be hearing about them from him all the time and if bulgaria was n't , he 'd never mention bulgarian immigrants . 
  my grandma lives on 80 $ a month . 
  the country does n't have prices 10 times lower than greece , 1.5 to 2 times at the most . 
  do greek nans live on 190 $ ? 
  he is , indeed , wrong in focusing 100 % on eu migration as the boogeyman , when obviously non-eu is larger . 
  of course , the reason he does it is the same as all he does - he could n't care less about immigration , it 's the eu that 's his target ad hoc , and he ca n't attack it if he 's attacking the larger source of migrants from outside of the eu . 
  i sure hope it 's mostly gypos that leave . 
  what opponents of obama have been put in prison or killed ? 
  the problem with this narrative is that stalin arguably aided the germans accidentaly as much as possible with his actions . 
  the complete decimation of the red army during his purges left it without proper leadership . 
  then the carving up of eastern europe with the germans removed ussr 's buffer between them and the reich and created the large common border whence the invasion came . 
  then the decision to aboandon the 3 line defence and put most of the army on that border , so the wehmacht can directly crash into it . 
  then the refusal to believe the numerous reports from mocow 's spies of the impending barbarossa . 
  then the decision to keep shooting capable commanders who did n't stand their ground to be surrounded , but pulled their units instead . 
  i can keep going for a while ... 
  if i was a conspiracy nut i 'd almost believe stalin was a german agent - he basically did everything possible to enable the catastrophe that was the german invasion . 
  he should be hated for this alone , even if we forgot his own murder of soviet citizens . 
  most bulgarains also listen to chalga , beat their wives and do n't wash their feet before they go to bed . 
  `` the majority '' rarely is an example of intelligence . 
  i could n't care what is the `` democratic '' way - being allies with the us is how western europe , japan , korea etc. 
  experienced zero foreign invasions or complete social collapses since ww2 . 
  being allies with russia is how hungary and czechoslovakia got invaded by their own `` ally '' and how all of eastern europe got ruined to this day . 
  fuck the kremlin , it has done nothing good for bulgaria . 
  to peterburg we owe much , to the russia the bolsheviks killed in 1917 . 
  and ever since that country has been our enemy and hurt us . 
  and yet 77 years later many in western europe take the same stance . 
  nothing 's been learned . 
  you forgot the / s this time . 
  i have a distrust when it comes to men and children that are n't theirs . 
  i 'm a guy myself , so not some man-hating feminist , but i ' v just read far too many stories of grooming gangs , of men in britain taking in foster kids just so they can abuse them , of even uncles and grand-fathers molesting children in the family . 
  it 's too much of a risk in my opinion , even in a system with lots of strict criteria , to let men be able to claim they are a couple and adopt kids . 
  i just distrust putting a child in the care of two men , regardless if they are gay or not . 
  as for women , my opinion might be a bit more homophobic and sexist . 
  i have n't heard the best things about lesbian relationships , as in terms of how stable and peaceful they are . 
  i ' v read studies they are some of the most unsustainable in the long term and often broken/abusive types of relationships . 
  the sexist part is where i believe it just is n't good for a kid to have no father at home . 
  i ' v got a couple of friends who group up without a father , only raised by mother , aunts , nan etc. 
  and they have very clear issues coming from this . 
  both are quite the `` momma 's boy '' - 25 year old men who get told by their mothers what clothes to put on and which friends to hang out with . 
  the mothers had to play the father role as well and it led to them being overly dominating and not letting their boys just grow and become men - something i think fathers are good at encouraging and balancing the protective shield the mothers try putting around their kids . 
  i just think there 's a reason for people to grow up with both a man and a woman parent . 
  and if all this starts getting reversed as soon as oil prices plummet it comes to show who the real developer of the russian economy has been . 
  am i homophobic if i oppose adoption by gay couples ? 
  by the same logic let 's only think how little global warming will affect us in the next 30-40 years , until we living currently die . 
  fuck our children , grand-children ...
