   you mistook the intent of that statement , i meant that a lot of the ones you claim do not look white . 
  i mean no offence , but i have been to croatia and turkey , and i saw a comparable percentage of people who `` look white '' . 
  you are n't particurarly different from the majority of turkish people in terms of whiteness , and not different at all in terms of facial features . 
  ( ergo , the only thing that determines the caucasoid race ) i studied with iranians at university and can assure you the majority are no less white than the croats , greeks or portoguese . 
  to deny my original statement that there are at least a few hundred million white people in asia means to deny that numerous european nations are white too , including yours . 
  indo-european is not equivalent or even in the same cathegory as white/caucasian . 
  you seem to be confused what the terminology means - indo european is a set of languages , a linguisitic family , not a racial one . 
  there are many white people who are not indo-european , for example the basques . 
  semitic group of languages is another such non-indo european which consists primarily of cuacasoid people . 
  do n't confuse linguistic groups with racial ones . 
  that 's why i said there are hundreds of millions of white people in asia , not billions . 
  out of all few billion people in asia a small percentage are both caucasoid and pale skinned - so white , so only a few hundred million . 
  in russia there are more than 130 million white people , then you add all those tens of millions of white turks and azeris , then a few dozen million white iranians , then those white arabs who look like assad and his wife , then a few dozen million white afghanis and north indians and you get to the number of at least 300 to possibly 500 million white people in asia , out of a total population of ~ 4 billion . 
  why do i have to talk of the ones who are not white ? 
  did i claim the population of this region is predominantly white for you to refute that by mentioning how many are not white ? 
  i claimed there are at least a few hundred million white people in asia , that 's it . 
  refute this claim , do n't mention there are also many non-whites , majority in fact , which i nowhere deny . 
  the entire population of the middle east , iran , afghanistan , pakistan and india consists of cuacasoid people who are scientifically from the exact same racial group as europeans . 
  it 's not melanin in the skin that determines race , at least not to science , it 's a specific combination of bone structure and facial skull shape . 
  but if the above person meant `` white people '' as in the social idea of specifically those caucasoids with a pale skin - the statement is still correct , as there is a considerable percentage of the population of the middle east , turkey , caucasus , russia , iran , afghanistan and northern india which fits this definition of `` white people '' as well , and can actually even be `` whiter '' than most greeks , south italians , spanish etc. 
  european natons . 
  you will find a large enough percentage of the people from istanbul to delhi who look like this : [ iran ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/-boity3a5ss/hqdefault.jpg ) [ turkey ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/jx_tydrzrps/hqdefault.jpg ) [ kurds ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/aa/21/b7/aa21b7903a4606403f8ae77f68209f63.jpg ) [ arabs ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02173/assad_2173002a.jpg ) [ north indians ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yrkyxt3.jpg ) etc. 
  what what ? 
  they do n't ? 
  and yet you do seem to be ashamed of your true feelings and motivation that you try to hide behind `` i 'm just a 100 % apathetic to the subject interlocutor interested in nothing but a conversation '' . 
  not sure why you ' r ashamed that is . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being a nationalist who defends his geo-political position and purposefully attacks or discredits that of his perceived geo-political competitors . 
  ( for you , as a serb and obvious from your profile russophile - nato ) playing the game of `` i do n't have an agenda or position , i just seek an informative dialogue , here are my obviously loaded questions '' is a in fact quite the betrayal that someone is ashamed to stand like a man and proudly say what side he is on and what he 'd like to see . 
  sure you did mate , sure you did . 
  your account is open for everyone to see by the way , not sure if you realize this is n't facebook . 
  i do the exact same thing you came here to do and have spent a quite considerable number of posts on . 
  who do n't lead the armed forces in a conflict . 
  i do n't know why you would consider the officer corps of the turkish army `` donkeys '' . 
  it 's quite well trained . 
  ca n't think of a more narcissistic thing than to have busts or statues of yourself before you die . 
  even if it was n't your idea , i 'd personally refuse having such made of me whilst i 'm still alive . 
  they should be reserved as monuments of remembrance of people who have passed but done great things in life . 
  as if there were n't enough radical-left/progressive universities across the western world , now we have to have such in eastern as well ? 
  i wo n't cry for this . 
  hundreds of millions of white people live in asia and most of them increase in numbers . 
  the downvoters can elaborate if they disagree with this basic demographic fact or just do n't like that it is a reality . 
  you seem to think the choice to move into europe is up to those people and how determined they are . 
  which it is n't . 
  it 's up to the europeans to let them in or not - if your choice is possible death from starvation/conflict in africa or * certain * death from the guns of european border guard and navies , you would not risk it . 
  europe is already radicalising harshly towards mass migration , it wo n't be long before the continent 's electorates accept a `` fortress europe '' principle of enforcing the borders with whatever measure of violence required . 
  africans are not more stupid or irrational than us - if they know trying to break into europe equals a certainty of being shot at the border , sunk at sea or just deported back if you miraculously manage to sneak in - they will simply stop trying to do it and look towards other solutions . 
  and it does n't matter how huge the wave of refugees is - even hundreds of millions of civilians ca n't break through conventional modern militaries on the borders and at sea . 
  this is n't world war z , they will just die if they try to . 
  so they wo n't be trying to at some point when they get the message . 
  well the baltics , bulgaria , romania and basically all other former warsaw pact countries that joined nato have a huge , in fact enormous contribution . 
  which is that their mere presence in nato creates a considerable butthurt among kremlin bootlickers , putnisits , former communists , current communists , soviet apologets , eurasian-union fans and some other filth . 
  every single nerve cell that dies in their bodies from even the mildest anger they get from the fact all of eastern europe is now in nato and pathetic serbia and russia are reduced to basically nothing from being the centers of ussr and yugoslavia - this is a victory in itself . 
  vojvodina and the western outlands await the fate of kosovo . 
  i hope you guys are preparing for serbia from the maps of 1877 . 
  you overestimate russia and underestimate turkey . 
  it 's purely a historical and cultural stereotype we have today to hold russia in such high regard as a threat and disregard turkey as some backwater muslim state . 
  in reality , the conventional forces of turkey are very , very considerable - second strongest army in nato , so they can hardly be just a `` useful idiot '' in the hands of the kremlin . 
  if they do have an alliance , it would be between two very considerable military powers , not between strong russia and `` useful idiots '' in turkey . 
  1 billion people taken out of poverty in east asia in the last 20 years alone purely thanks to capitalism creating enormous extra wealth there seem to disagree with your logic . 
  wealth is shared enough so that the average person in europe today lives better than the average 1 % noblemen used to . 
  racism can be practiced in a huge number of personal freedoms we have , so by your logic they should all be outlawed or controlled by the state to make sure they are never racist . 
  if i choose to never let people of a different colour in my home only because of their race - is that racism ? 
  of course it is , 100 % , pure racism . 
  if you support my right to do that however and the freedom from the government forcing me to allow them in , i can tell you the exact thing you told me - `` this is racism . 
  you think allowing racism and hate in society to thrive is cool . '', 
  no , i just think you should be free to allow whoever you want in your home , even on racist grounds . 
  yes , you should be allowed to practice racism in giving entrance to your home . 
  i support that not because i support racism , but because i support your right as a homeowner and an individual . 
  same thing with the topic at hand - i do n't support racism , i support the individual right of a property owner . 
  even when he chooses to exercise that right in a racist manner . 
  you have to understand that to make sure to fully and 100 % stamp out racism in society you have to basically remove every single instance when an individual has free will and choice , or else he might use it in a racist manner . 
  individual freedom of choice who you interact with should n't be outlawed . 
  what you do with that freedom to interact with whomever you choose is not the governments business . 
  or yours for that matter - mind your own business and do n't tell me i have to interact with this person or that - that 's my business . 
  the question is who determines the rules of that society . 
  marxists with ruinous ideas of the economy or market-oriented capitalists who made the world as prosperous as it is . 
  sometimes it 's the former due to temporary wins for populism and appeasement of the ignorant masses . 
  other times reason wins and business/private rights are re-established . 
  it 's a constant fight of reason vs emotion , constructivism vs destruction , right wing vs left wing . 
  do n't feel too comfortable , times change . 
  as have a million others said in a debate about what the law * should * be , not what it is . 
  says who ? 
  no one has a fundamental right to anything to begin with . 
  we decide as humans what rights we have . 
  power to choose who you interact with is n't `` given '' to you , you have it by presumption , it can only be taken away when the state is given the right to tell people who they can or should interact with - be it socially , economically or otherwise . 
  you should have the right as an individual to decide who you interact with . 
  whether you choose to `` be an asshole '' and only interact with people of your own race , or gender , or religion etc. 
  is your own choice . 
  it 's not something that should be `` fixed '' by the state through a violation of the basic premise that each individual is free to choose who to interact with and with whom not to . 
  it is . 
  my property , my rules . 
  the state should n't have the power to force me to engage in economic activity with or provide my own property to whomever i do n't want to . 
  this is not a question of racism vs tolerance , but of individual rights and private property vs authoritarianism . 
  find ways to defeat racism without sacrificing individual and property rights . 
  it 's a right you just made up . 
  no one receives the same treatment and it is an impossible concept . 
  i will not be allowed to enter a mosque during the holy month due to my religion . 
  i will not be given communion in a catholic church unless i am a catholic . 
  i will not be given access to the women 's football team because i am not a woman . 
  one can go on - people all over the world gather in various groups based on interest , ideas , religion , origin , sex etc.
