  and who should pay instead ? 
  you ? 
  yes - if we decide to , that 's what charities are for . 
  but how is it fair to force me , with state violence , to pay for somoene else ? 
  if i come to you on the street with a gun to your head and take some of the money in your wallet - is this theft ? 
  what if i then go and give them to a sick person who ca n't afford . 
  is it still theft ? 
  of course - it always is theft to forcibly take from people , no matter what you later do with the money . 
  so if you want people to help each other - convince them . 
  create a compassionate society . 
  do n't steal and perpetuate a society 's dependence on a wasteful and corrupt burreaucracy . 
   there was a reason the ottomans were able to expand as far as they did in the 1300s-1600s yes , it 's called the black plague . 
  bulgaria is estimated to have only aproximately 400,000 people in its entirety in the late 14th century as a result of it . 
  what the ottomans conquered in europe was a very depopulated , poor , and as a result - divided balkan peninsula . 
  soon as they reached powers outside of it - poland , austria , russia , spain , they suddenly could n't expand that swiftly and were eventually thrown back . 
  frist of all , what is n't working ? 
  crony capitalism under government lobbying ? 
  of course it is n't . 
  have i defended it ? 
  second of all , a free market solution whereby everyone pays for exactly what fits their needs and lifestyle is first and foremost * the fair solution * , which does n't exoploit my money to pay for the healthcare of smokers or the obese . 
  fairness and not being robbed by the state should be number one priority , not meddling in people 's lifestyles . 
  if they choose to be obese - that 's their choice , who the hell are you to take * my * money in order to remedy * their * choice in lifestyle ? 
  you make fallacious connections though , linking obesity there and in europe to the healthcare plan or state 's role . 
  you do n't see obese people in sudan either , it 's not because they have the same healthcare as in norway though , is it ? 
  obesity is largely the cause of lifestyles , which are determined by culture . 
  the us has a culture of overconsumption . 
  same as why the rich arab states have huge obesity as a result of their culture , predominantly lack of sports , not what healthcare plans they have . 
  having a meddling state allows either the exploitation of certain people for the benefit of others , or a system of crony captialism with state-lobbied monopolies , like in the us . 
  the free market can be the only moral measure of a societies desires , as that 's what it is in the first place - the supply and demand of what people * want * , not what a state burreaucracy or a crony lobbyist says the should want . 
  the us has a massive problem with government-enabled monopolies of various corporations and firms through lobbying . 
  it is a system of crony capitalism and socialism for the rich , both made possible only if the state has a lot of power over the free market . 
  so is the state burreaucracy taxing people , especially in places like france . 
  hence why everything should be private , including healthcare , so that avery single person will pay for exactly what he consumes , based on his relative risk , as with car insurances . 
  of course a smoker or an obese person should pay more for his health insurance . 
  the state monopoly over these prevents that . 
  not just deporting them works . 
  stopping any further migration from africa and asia will be enough for the population already there to gradually lower . 
  damn , i thought there was no plan and no chance of changing europe any more . 
  you gave me hope . 
  it actually sounds doable !, 
  theft . 
  you do n't have free healthcare . 
  no one does and it is an impossible concept unless you use slavery . 
  it 's not `` ok '' to tax anything in the first place beyond a very minimum required to keep a civil and lawful society together . 
  borders , laws , maybe some tiny ammount of services . 
  that 's it . 
  who are you to steal from people who 's product you do n't like ? 
  spread awareness against that product if you think it 's `` poison '' , but you ca n't use state violence to steal from these people . 
  that goes against basic human rights . 
  sweden and germany are mostly affected by a couple generations of cultural relativism , anti-nativism , `` white guilt '' and a conserted erosion of the idea of ethnic nationhood by the left . 
  southern europe much less , eastern europe not at all , hence this exact causation appears this way in all matters conserning immigration , multiculturalism and nationalism , in all types of polls . 
  europe is the continent that gave the world the largest ammount of political sciences , ideologies , philosophic schools , economic systems , social movements and revolutions . 
  pretty much no political idea or system today can be `` un-european '' , they were almost all born here . 
  the obsession with a state that acts as your parent and not your servant continues . 
  unfairly taxing certain industries because the public ca n't be allowed to make their own conscious choice is yet another step towards a less self-responisble society and more intrusive nanny state . 
  the state should protect the borders , protect the environment , protect the people from violent cohersion or fraud , and provide some very basic other services in spheres such as infrastructure , wellfare , healthcare and education . 
  ( without monopolizing either ) * that 's it * . 
  the constant intrusion into every aspect of society by an incompetent and easily corruptable burreaucracy as if they are your managers and not your employees is sickening and grooms helpless , moronic and apathetic societies that shift all blame to `` the government '' instead of making a positive change themselves . 
  on the contrary , i find capitalism in need of many regulations . 
  environmental , workers ' rights , maternity , healthcare etc. 
  i fail to understand how respecting a very , very basic human right - that of protection from violence and theft , equals `` unlimited capitalism '' , or how a society where people 's private property is respected and they are allowed to give their life 's work to their children - often their primary motivation to accumulate wealth in the first place - is `` capitalist utopia '' . 
  stop the propaganda about scandinavia . 
  they built their entire economies and wealth with capitalism that was as open and corporation-oriented as that in the us . 
  the danish pm himself [ had to come up and clarify that ] ( http://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/denmark-tells-bernie-sanders-to-stop-calling-it-socialist/ after he had enough of the `` socialist scandinavia '' myth . 
  and if you were an actually economically educated person who values income equality in a society , as opposed to yet another one who repeats common socialist myths , you 'd be giving countries like poland or the baltics as an example , considering the paygap between the richest and poorest , and between ceo 's / executive management and regular workers , is far , far smaller there than in scandinavia . 
  which ranks close to the top : https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2014/09/25/the-pay-gap-between-ceos-and-workers-is-much-worse-than-you-realize/?utm_term=.ef8c8a394059, 
  i believe you need to read up on what constitutes human rights , and that the 3 fundamental ones from which they all began were life , liberty and property . 
  being protected from violence or the threat of it is a fundamental human right . 
  no wealth ever needs or is moral to be forcefully redistributed through state violence . 
  since the beginning of human kind , in every society that has ever been , the concept of taking by force something that belongs to someone else is considered violence . 
  regardless of what you do with it . 
  if i stop you on the street with a gun , take your money and go give them a bunch of poor people does that redeem my act or make it any less theft ? 
  what if i give your german wealth that puts you in the top 10 % of humanity to someone from chad in the bottom 1 % ? 
  i am `` redistributing '' , correct ? 
  does it make it any less theft ? 
  besides , even if it was n't morally repugnant to steal from people , wealth still does n't `` hoard '' like a bunch of gold in a large underground vault . 
  on average , all inherited wealth dissapears by the third generation . 
  [ 70 % of it disappears by the second generation ] ( http://time.com/money/3925308/rich-families-lose-wealth/ ) , and over 90 % by the third . 
  it 's natural , money ca n't concentrate over generations in a capitalist society unless the people who got it also happen to be highly industrial and invest it correctly . 
  and if they do that - then they ' v created wealth as well and benefited society . 
  so neither marxist policies have ever worked , nor is stealing from people ever made less morally repugnant by the context . 
  inheritance should n't be taxed in the first place . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  the intial claim was that europe has had more wars than any other continent , and i expressed doubt in it , proposing that most likely even indian subcontinent alone has had as many . 
  my claim is merely a doubt towards the original , which you agreed with , but have still given no evidence for , despite bearing the original burden of proof . 
  why should i be disproving the statement that europe has had more wars than any other continent , as as opposed to those who make that statement bearing the burden of proof ? 
  you sound like the people that say `` prove that there is no god '' . 
  a statement was made that europe beats all other continents in number of wars - i doubt that statement based on the number of states and population densities in other continents . 
  i am not the one that has to come up with the exact data for the number of wars - the one making this blatantly europocentric statement is . 
  [ they had a similar ] ( http://www.mapsofindia.com/images/india-tamil-map.jpg ) size to europe , similar number of countries , much more fertile land , much higher population overal and per density , similar cultural and ethnic diversity , similar clash of civlizations once islam started spreading , yet you think they had fewer wars ? 
  based on what ? 
  being better people ? 
  when the sultanate of delhi alone expanded a few million hindus were slaughtered . 
  the wars in india , iran and china separately make european ones look like petty tribal squables , yet someone claimed put together they had fewer war than europe . 
  one of the most ridiculous arguments i 've ever heard , and pure europocentrism ( although of the self-flaggelating kind ) if i ever saw one . 
  the indian subcontinent alone has had as many wars as europe . 
  your premise is a strange , self-hating type of europocentrism . 
  if you lack time why write anything ? 
  why at all engage someone on the internet for no reason but to insult him ? 
  i believe this is what a true `` troll '' is - someone who writes nothing but meaningless insults on the internet .
