  the emigration started as a seasonal one to germany ( newly unified and economically dynamic ) and then later became a trans-atlantic one with large-scale emigration to the united states , brazil , and canada.a total of several hundred thousand people were involved in this great economic emigration which grew steadily more intense until the outbreak of the first world war in 1914 . 
  the war put a temporary halt to the emigration which never again reached the same proportions . 
   the first detailed description of the economic situation of the region was prepared by stanislaw szczepanowski ( 1846 -- 1900 ) , a polish lawyer , economist and chemist who in 1873 published the first version of his report titled n\u0119dza galicyjska w cyfrach ( the galician poverty in numbers ) . 
  based on his own experience as a worker in the india office , as well as his work on development of the oil industry in the region of borys\u0142aw and the official census data published by the austro-hungarian government , he described galicia as one of the poorest regions in europe . 
   statistics indicate the galicia and lodomeria was poorer than areas west of it . 
  the average income per capita did not exceed 53 rhine guilders ( rg ) , as compared to 91 rg in the kingdom of poland , 100 in hungary and more than 450 rg in england at that time . 
  also the taxes were relatively high and equalled to 9 rhine guilders a year ( ca . 
  17 % of yearly income ) , as compared to 5 % in prussia and 10 % in england . 
  also the percentage of people with higher income was much lower than in other parts of the monarchy and europe : the luxury tax , paid by people whose yearly income exceeded 600 rg , was paid by 8 people in every 1,000 inhabitants , as compared to 28 in bohemia and 99 in lower austria . 
  despite high taxation , the national debt of the galician government exceeded 300 million rg at all times , that is approximately 60 rg per capita . 
   all in all , the region was used by the austro-hungarian government mostly as a reservoir of cheap workforce and recruits for the army , as well as a buffer zone against russia . 
  it was not until early in the 20th century that heavy industry started to be developed , which would be comparable to much of russia and the balkans . 
  even then it was mostly connected to war production . 
  the biggest state investments in the region were the railways and the fortresses in przemy\u015bl , krak\u00f3w and other cities . 
  industrial development was mostly connected to the private oil industry started by ignacy \u0141ukasiewicz and to the wieliczka salt mines , operational since at least the middle ages . 
  when they were part of the austro-hungarian empire , they were called the kingdom of galicia-lodomeria ( a crownland ) , and were the poorest , most miserable region of the empire , entirely exploited for cheap labour and agriculture . 
  it was referred to as `` the kingdom of hunger and famine '' by the poles . 
  so no , there is no reason to believe its belonging to the empire somehow made it better through a `` western '' or `` imperial '' influence . 
  probably the uprising against the president , elected by around 18 % of the country 's population due the the complete dissilusion with politics of the majority , was caused by him first * rejecting * to carry on with the eu association agreement that was planned for years and which the vast majority of people in the country wanted . 
  when your country is ruled by a representative of the geo-political interrests of a ~ 20 % ethnic minority due to the complete fracturing of the majority , and is overnight taken out of its pro-eu path that the majority wants , an uprising is entirely logical and understandable . 
  and nothing to do with the fact they got most votes only from the purely russophilic countries - armenia , belarus , bulgaria , serbia , or those with large russian minorities or immigrants - ukraine , estonia , germany ... 
  all men must choke . 
  stupid , as in the opposite of asking someone who writes to you why he ca n't read ? 
  obviously i do if i read your answers . 
  you know that , yet ask the question . 
  why would an adult do that ? 
  only possible answer is you are 10-11 year old , or on that mental level , throwing a tantrum of the kind that gets sentences such as `` no , you ' r the stupid one !!! '', 
  or `` why ca n't you reaaaaaad ... '' . 
  pathetic . 
  we are n't talking about education here , but about movies , and all - including you , pound the us hard about them doing to their movies the same thing britain has done numerous times , as in the imitation game , itself . 
   it 's fiction , like cryptonomicon or codebreaker ... do n't expect historical truth from hollywood films . 
  you can legitimately complain if it was marketed as a documentary . 
  then why is this entire comment section , including you , pounding on the us for doing that very same thing in their movies ? 
  yet the us is getting pounded in this thread for doing that very thing you now say is normal and `` there 's anything totally reprehensible about '' ? 
  being lenient with putin is a million light years away from the situation where eastern europe suddenly is no longer a member of either the eu or nato , has zero us military bases , and no alliance or even cordial relations with the rest of europe , to deter a russian aggression like in ukraine . 
  i too strongly dislike putin and kremlin 's policies , but our paranoia is getting a bit out of hand . 
  even an attempt of armed `` separatists '' anywhere in ee would get them blasted into atoms in a matter of days , with or without a lenient trump . 
  why do you sound like a frustrated teenager in all your comments ? 
  everyone loves money . 
  and yet the imitation game makes it look like there was no one at all working and contributing to it over the years besides a few englishmen , who out of scratch almost , and against opposition , did all the work . 
  when in fact it was just the tip of the iceberg - the accumulation of a work stretching 10 years and many people , a vast percentage of which non-enlish . 
  the movie shows none of it , all an english acomplishment just as most english believe . 
  hence the same thing that people accuse the americans of here when they make movies like that . 
  the french fought on many fronts . 
  we fought them in southern bulgaria too ( modern northern greece ) at doyran . 
  they sent colonial troops , which was the first time many rural bulgarian soldiers saw a black man . 
  there 's this funny real story from the time : the military hq in sofia receives a telegram from the frontline saying , `` what are those black creatures the french have brought and should we shoot at them ? '', 
  the front receives and answer - `` they are human too . 
  kill them as well . '', 
  in bulgarian it 's quite funny to say it because `` they are human too '' or `` he 's a human too '' is a linguistic saying used often to express why you should treat someone good . 
  it 's the one western audiences know the least about , so they do n't care how fitting or important it is . 
  there were only 4 central powers ( germany , austro-hun , ottomans and bulgaria ) and over 20 entente ones . 
  if they want at least 3 nations from each side , there 's no reason to exclude the ottomans . 
  whereas with the allies an exclusion of a major power is necessary to keep it down to 3 . 
  shame it was france rather than the us . 
  this game is made in sweden , not the us . 
  how does that make the sense of puttin nations that contributed less then others ? 
  over 1 million serbs died fighting for the allies , more than 50 % of all adult men of the entire serb nation , holding back by themsleves hundreds of thousands of austro-hungarian armies like the us never did . 
  ever heard of them put in a game about ww1 ? 
  stop kidding yourself , it 's 100 % about marketing , else the us would be at the back of a list of at least 5-6 countries that contributed or lost more , not a constant and absolutely certain option to play in every single ww1 game ever . 
  but there 's no difference in how both of your twist your movies to make your nation stand out . 
  i studied history in the uk . 
  whenever the enigma is mentioned , the british always claim its use by the allies was entirely their accomplishment . 
  in reality , it was mostly thanks to the polish . 
  the british made an entire movie about how they decypher it from scratch in which they ommit any mentioned of the entire 10 year work of the polish beforehand , which they handed over to the british after the fall of poland and was the only reason the allies could actually use it . 
  including an actual decipher success already in 1932 by the polish cypher burreau . 
  not a single word in `` the imitation game '' . 
  just some english guys decyphering the enigma all by themsleves , with zero help or prior decypher by the polish , even against the system . 
  basically their intellect overemphasized by twisting historical reality as much as the americans overemphasize their bravery by doing the same . 
  exactly the same history/acomplishment theft for the sake of marketing that we accuse the us of doing here . 
  and the polish had already decyphered it 10 years prior and then reverse-engineered one . 
  but the british made an entire movie about how they decypher it in which they ommit any mentioned of the entire 10 year work of the polish beforehand . 
  how 's that different from the us ? 
  the pot calling the kettle black . 
  i studied history in the uk . 
  whenever the enigma is mentioned , the british * always * claim its use by the allies was entirely their accomplishment . 
  in reality , it was mostly thanks to the polish . 
  the british made an entire movie about how they decypher it from scratch in which they ommit any mentioned of the entire 10 year work of the polish beforehand , which they handed over to the british after the fall of poland . 
  including an actual decipher success already in 1932 . 
  not a single word in `` the imitation game '' . 
  just some english guys decyphering the enigma all by themsleves , with zero help or prior decypher by the polish , even against the system . 
  basically their intellect overemphasized by twisting historical reality as much as the americans overemphasize their bravery by doing the same . 
  exactly the same history/acomplishment theft for the sake of marketing that we accuse the us of doing here . 
   for your information , palestinians are not just muslims , they are muslims and christians . 
  do n't portray yourself as some defender of christians , i am christian and i do n't consider any christian zionist to be a true christian . 
  you are either jewish or a jewish puppet , but you do not belong to christianity at all . 
  what 's a `` christian zionist '' ? 
  anyone who does n't want to see the state of israel destroyed is either a `` zionist '' or a `` jewish puppet '' ? 
  you went all the way into the radical conspiracy nut close to the realm of the nazis , marxists and the rest of the scum that believes in the `` world zionist conspiracy nwo '' . 
   second of all , in 1948 why should palestinians give up any of their land and territory to jewish settlers ? 
  because in 1948 the proposed borders of israel had a jewish majority - those simply were n't palestinians ' lands , it was the land of jews who already lived there . 
  it was the palestinians who wanted control over land where they were n't already the majority . 
   would you give up your land today to syrian refugees and let them build their own state on bulgaria ? 
  are the syrians a majority in half of bulgaria as the jews were in half of palestine in 1947 ? 
  are the syrians the original population of bulgaria before the bulgarians took it from them , as the jews are in palestine long before the arabs even crawled out of arabia ? 
   and in the present situation , there are millions of stateless arabs in the west bank who do not have israeli citizenship . 
  israel does not want to annex the area because they do not want to give them citizenship , but they do not want to let them have their own state either . 
  this shows the hypocrisy of israelis in forcing the arabs to live as stateless people , allowing them neither their own state nor accepting them into theirs , forcing them to live under military occupation so they can continue to build illegal settlements on the lands i will refer you to all that i already wrote on how the palestinians in the west bank and gaza came to this situation through their own fault - they were offered a perfectly sovereign , recognised state which the isarelis accepted as well , back in 1947 . 
  if they had accepted they would have had 70 years of a prefectly separate , normal country to build for themsleves . 
  instead , they rejected it , because they wanted also all that land where the jews were a majority and the un was giving to israel .
