and i only discovered this tonight when searching for a link to the video . 
   istanbul was constantinople   now it 's istanbul , not constantinople   been a long time gone , constantinople   now it 's turkish delight on a moonlit night   ...   why did constantinople get the works ? 
    that 's nobody 's business but the turks they might be giants - istanbul ( not constantinople ) [ lyrics ] ( http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/theymightbegiants/istanbulnotconstantinople.html ) and [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iqjxxhi6rwq ) growing up in america , this song is how i learned about that piece of history , when it was in the above video in a childrens cartoon . 
  yeah you are right . 
  it was only an england office that generated the report , but the corporation should probably be considered american . 
  brought to you by a euro-centric corporation . 
  this list is rather meh . 
  not as much disparity as i would have expected . 
  and it 's not so personal . 
  if there were more points about well being or happiness it might hit harder . 
  good imo . 
  i think it means your life is well filtered from bullshit . 
  as an american expat in france who might be out of touch with reality , i was relieved that many locals here are also wondering who these people are . 
  yeah , like nearly half of asia ( excluding russia ) . 
  they had spent 55 years building an empire . 
  but that 's mostly because the tokyo one is eternally filled beyond capacity , it otherwise has basically the same content as paris . 
  disney studios in paris seems pointless to go to . 
  tokyo has the disney sea companion park there , but the only reason to get the double ticket is so you can go to disney sea to drink , since disneyland tokyo does n't serve alcohol . 
  that 's another plus for disneyland paris , alcohol . 
  can you drink at disneyland/world in america ? 
  seemed nice to me both times i visited this year and last . 
  yeah good point . 
  feels like every eu rep funneled their funding to their associates . 
  seems like standard operating procedure . 
  i 'm so jaded though that i feel it 's also standard operating procedure for an exec to milk as much as possible from their company at the expense of the other employees through any means possible . 
  this stuff is always going on at all levels in every sector . 
  like george carlin said , if you have shitty citizens you 're gon na get shitty politicians . 
  ( ca n't remember the exact quote ) i 'm not excusing it , dude should be punished if he basically embezzled those funds . 
  i 'm just surprised that you seem to be surprised . 
  ( alright , read too much corruption tonight and i 'm ranting , time to get off the internet , sorry ), 
  you mean politicians in general . 
  oh and businessmen too . 
  and ... well , pretty much any kind of person . 
  sometimes i really love france for stuff like this . 
  back when i was a teacher in the countryside in japan we were banned from shorts too , while working in an office with no air conditioning that hit 39 degrees . 
  there 's various bunkers in the [ non-tourist ] catacombs of paris . 
  one of them is rumored to have been setup for ( and even used by ? ), 
  hitler during the occupation . 
  it has since been converted to a party spot and named ap\u00e9ro , and last i saw some folks were expanding it . 
  cool world down there . 
  yup . 
  then there 's the ones pretending to be deaf with the clipboards , the ones dropping the rings , the ones putting bracelets on you , and so on . 
  and after one breaks the ice with you it 's like a swarm of em soon follows to victimize you . 
  many around paris . 
  crystal ball ? 
  really ? 
  no , just a mix of cool nomads and shitty scammers . 
  everyone else loves it though !, 
  agreed, 
  even so , the phrase as a whole still sounds racist . 
  i 've heard that phrase when i lived in america . 
  semi related but not really : once saw a korean woman introduce herself and where she is from to an american guy at the airport having small talk . 
  his response : `` north or south ? '', 
  i think that / r/iwantout could help . 
  this place is meant for cultural exchange , not immigration support . 
  only after lots of alcohol and a very close setting in my experience as an american expat in france . 
  i 'm an american who hates america  but that 's why i do n't live there , and use this sub to learn about where i live now . 
  and to sometimes answer stuff from my shitty but maybe interesting and somewhat informed perspective . 
  but americans who talk shit that the grass is greener and then do n't have the balls to leave piss me off too . 
  yes , let 's not turn this into a magnet for tourism questions . 
  we 'll see the same few questions over and over which usually are readily answered with a quick internet search and dont need a conversation . 
  that 's what i thought going in . 
  which is why i ended up having culture shock . 
  it 's totally wrong . 
  france is the closest thing to america in europe . 
  japan soaks up just as much of that american culture too . 
  i think the island culture has lead to a lot of similarities . 
  other things in common with japan : * general passive aggressiveness when you are breaking a norm , they wo n't just go out and say something to correct you . 
  * talking very quietly when walking with someone on the street . 
  * not talking at all in the metro . 
  * driving on the left side of the road . 
  * doing things the `` japanese '' way or `` british '' way because that 's the way we do it , so that 's how it 's done , and not even considering alternatives because that concept does n't even arise in the mind . 
  * both fucking love tea . 
  and the attitude that there is a right time and way to do this ( see above point ) * royalty system still exists and people love observing it like celebrities . 
  * do n't give a shit about teeth not being perfect ( though that is more of a non-american thing that everyone has in common ) * both are soaking up american pop culture very rapidly , while also maintaining their classic cultural identity . 
  * overly polite , to the point that it 's a fake face . 
  for the sake of keeping things running smoothly . 
  i mentioned it [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6it84r/what_european_country_gave_you_the_biggest/djaglyr/ ) . 
  just did n't know the flow of the procedure yet since i was a virgin and did n't observe anyone before me . 
  i was used to that already since i had been living in japan for many years prior to this move to europe . 
  leaving paris , the british immigration officer almost did n't let me through . 
  did n't like the fact that i did not have a proper french residence card yet , and that i did n't know the exact address of where my friend lived where i was staying . 
  but i had a round trip ticket , c'mon !, 
  i arrived in st pancreas and went to brixton . 
  the silence in the tubes , realized after i broke taboo by talking . 
  not standing in the right place if there is n't a queue yet , then the next guy sort of passive aggressively standing in the good place instead of getting behind me . 
  then me being confused if i just lost my place or not . 
  but no one seems to want to interact with each other so i 'm afraid to just ask . 
  waiting to cross the street when the light is red even if there are no cars . 
  people did n't even talk while walking down the street together !, 
  those who did , did so in a very private murmur . 
  i 'm talking about groups walking from a train station to home . 
  of course later that night outside of the show we went to it was a bit noisy . 
  several bathrooms i got into i had to search to figure out how to flush the toilet . 
  the fucking sinks with separate hot and cold faucets . 
  what is that ? 
  eggs not in the refrigerator ( well , i was new to europe in general still and had n't seen this yet ) . 
  as for the convenience store : basically it was a complete communication breakdown , felt like i was in some exoctic country , but the clerk was an english speaking white guy . 
  i could n't figure out where to stand while waiting my turn . 
  i did n't understand where on the counter to put the stuff i wanted to buy , and the guy there did n't give out his hand or offer any gesture or statement to help me .
