  he rings it up , and says something to me in a thick accent , but i have no idea what he said and it was n't the price , which i could n't even see . 
  the divisions of the money were confusing as usual . 
  my friend tells me to just put 5 quid down but i had never heard the word quid yet so he embarrassingly explained it . 
  then i 'm standing there waiting for the clerk to put my stiff in a bag . 
  and he 's just standing there waiting for me to take it off the counter , with no intention of putting it into a bag . 
  there was some mix up too about then taking my change and the items , i seemed to do that in the opposite order that he expected . 
  we went to a heavy metal show . 
  most well behaved and stiff and boring audience ever . 
  for breakfast at a restaurant there were beans , and i was hoping they would taste like american bush 's baked beans , i had n't had them in ages and was excited for that . 
  they looked almost the same , right ? 
  nope , just ketchup flavor , yuck . 
  stupid upside down light switches , and door handles in the middle of the door with no leverage ( those where bothering me in france too ) . 
  basically so many little details were different , which is usual when traveling , somehow i expected this to be an exception which was really stupid . 
  it 's like another commenter in this thread said , americans think that england is just an old-timey america . 
  fucks given everywhere about everything . 
  i did have a great time in london though . 
  it just was n't relaxing as i expected it would be since i was on my toes the whole time . 
  been back a few times since then without any shock . 
  i think you nailed it . 
  yeah , i wonder what the correlation is of the people in the graph i posted , versus le pen supporters ( which got about 30 % of popular vote ) . 
  not trying to imply something nasty about religion ( though i am implying le pen supporters make up most of the bigots ) . . 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  as an american , england . 
  i had just moved to france ( where i still reside ) , and after two weeks i was neck deep in culture shock related continuous subtle stresses . 
  i visited an old friend who had moved to london , expecting to feel comfort and familiarity . 
  i mean , we all speak english , and much of our culture was derived from there ... right ? 
  everything was so unexpected . 
  even had hard time buying a coke and snickers at a convenience store and did n't recognize any behavior anywhere . 
  shit , americans have more in common with the french !, 
  and i realized the british had more in common with the japanese ( i had just moved from japan ) . 
  at least when i visit other countries in europe , i * expect * them to be different . 
  netherlands just somewhat recently stopped this right ? 
  my grandfather is from there , and i thought growing up my american dad mentioned he could get a passport still . 
  france , according to this and many other sources . 
  no , they were n't large and experienced at that time . 
  they are now though . 
  american engineer who moved to france in early 2012 . 
  2 years of hell . 
  and then 2 more years of hellish complications after getting to france to bring my wife . 
  i could write a fucking book ... 
  you might also be interested to know that we have to complete a 2 day course for civique training to stay . 
  it includes a synopsis of french history , legal/cultural information such as women 's rights ( there is a true/false quiz to kickstart that topic : `` t/f : a women can leave the house at their own volition '' i shit you not ) , and administrative/logistic info like when/how you must register your kid for school . 
  anyway , my french is good enough now for basic conversations , and i can deal with any situation with the government or doctors . 
  i can watch movies or tv perfect if there are french subtitles , can just follow things if there are no subtitles . 
  i can get deep and philosophical if i am one on one and can drive the conversation within my range , but introducing a third party will get me lost . 
  i ca n't deal with most highly esoteric topics like if people are talking about how they raise bees . 
  in a group of people that are drunk i get lost when there is extreme slang or inside jokes . 
  at work i can listen to nearly everything in french , but it 's better if i speak in english even if the person answers in french . 
  but i still sound like a retarded infant when i speak and am not comfortable with that , which still slows learning down . 
  french swear , a lot . 
  yeah i 'm in tech in france and started with zero french . 
  since then many others without french have joined up too . 
  we are expected to learn it though . 
  both from social pressure and from the government as passing dilf a1 .1 is a prerequisite to residency renewal . 
  you 'll be hard up to survive without french though . 
  no government office will serve you in english such as health insurance . 
  doctors and bankers and other daily things are hit or miss . 
  you could be in big trouble in an emergency . 
  but anyway the spirit is to adapt locally , not think locals should adapt their culture to you ( duh ) , and i can appreciate that . 
  i mean , immigrating without that sort of acceptance would be bullshit , you 're not on holiday . 
   you can stay in any eu-country with her , except for the netherlands where additional rules will apply requiring her to have a certain income . 
  even though the so is from the netherlands ? 
  there is really no [ somewhat ] guaranteed spousal visa for someone married to a native ? 
  it would have been more helpful if you specified where you are * now * and with what type of visa . 
  general worldwide advice : you get married where you are now . 
  you register the marriage at both of your embassies . 
  you get yourself a visa to wherever your so is going to live , via that place 's embassy , using paperwork of your identities and marriage gathered from the other embassies . 
  this assumes that your so would have a visa that would allow their spouse to get a spousal tag-a-long visa , which may be hit or miss for students but is generally a possibility for workers . 
  if she studies in a country of her own citizenship it 'll be easier . 
  done legally and by the books this all takes a very long time in general and ca n't be thrown together on a whim or played by ear . 
  if for example your so does n't yet know where they 'll go , and it 's 6 months away , you probably wo n't be joining them at the beginning as you wait to get processed . 
  source : american , married to a japanese in japan . 
  from there immigrated to france for my work and wife followed . 
  edit : pretty sure you ca n't avoid getting a visa specifically for slovenia . 
  eu people can travel between countries to work freely in whichever they please without complications . 
  but as a non citizen you do n't inherit this feature through marriage alone . 
  you 'd need to get naturalized . 
  you are probably best off border hopping every three months if you do n't wan na miss any of that short year in slovenia . 
  but that has its own complications ... go read slovenia immigration info , you 're looking at the problem backwards if you think marriage in one eu country gives you the automatic or simplified right for an extended stay in another eu country . 
  in your case as an eu foreigner it matters to your paperwork where you are going not where you are coming from ... and btw , i think this sub is more for cultural exchange than immigration advice , in case you were wondering about the downvotes . 
  10 % , i 'll give him slightly . 
  that 's certainly true too . 
  people i know outside of europe have canceled their trips to france , stopped considering studying here , sold their vacation homes , and so on . 
  shed the reputation of instability which scares most outsiders away ... 
  what 's the rest then for that dutch brand , oils ? 
  or did they put like cereal fillers in it . 
  i grew up in america . 
  while living in japan i was actually shocked how `` peanuty '' my first peanut butter there was !, 
  ( and japan also has some another style peanut butter too that is very liquidy and even sweeter than american ones . ), 
   i do n't think it 's supposed to be sweet . 
  i mean , peanuts are n't . 
  american peanut butter sold there has * a lot * of sugar in it ( well , probably high fructose corn syrup in most cases . ), 
  it 's indeed supposed to be sweet to most consumers there . 
  woosh ? 
  or extreme sarcasm ... 
  he can be anywhere he wants . 
  he just agrees with whomever is in the room with him at any particular time . 
  ca n't tell if sarcastic . 
  you 're right , it would n't be normally . 
  it 's 8 if you include the lunch break .
