hi , i currently study politics and recently did a course on the european union . 
  if you could change one thing about the way that the current institutions are set it what would it be ? 
  would you also like to see the parliament have a bit more power when it comes to implementing policy ? 
  i believe that everyone is free to do what they want . 
  yes if you drink , smoke or eat too much is unhealthy for you . 
  but regulating and taxing products is the wrong way to go . 
  if someone wants to change it should come from the person . 
  duda is n't too keen on super close ties to germany anyway . 
  i just hope that the new government will actually follow the support of the people rather than their own . 
  i wish that the v4 stuck together , because we could 've combated this decision, 
  it 's also expected that poland will become one of the most powerful countries within the eu in the next few years . 
  our growth has been quite remarkable ( a lot of it thanks to the eu ) . 
  thanks for the video btw , definitely a very interesting watch especially since i study politics !, 
  can native bulgarians apply for the scheme ? 
  sounds a bit unfair that companies are willing to prioritise those who have lived in a country for less than a year, 
  i did n't know that this show was actually aired in other languages . 
  i 've only really watched this in polish . 
  i think that the concept of open borders was a good idea , it 's just being abused by non-eu nationals . 
  it 's also something i highly doubt that the eu had anticipated when the concept was drawn up . 
  it is weird to me when i go to the west for a vacation to see so many people from a different country . 
  everyone is speaking a different language and i do n't feel as comfortable as i would in poland . 
  yes , i 'm sure if i lived in a western country i 'd get used to it eventually . 
  but it was quite a shock to see how europe had become . 
  i used to live in denmark when i was young , returning there now , it 's different to what it used to be . 
  berlin was a great city , i really enjoyed it . 
  i do n't remember how the local demographics but the way the city looked , the food was all excellent . 
  there 's loads of kebab stands in warsaw , and lately burger joints have been popping up left , right and centre . 
  night street food is currently lacking a bit , like those food stands . 
  also hot dogs , no one really sells hot dogs on the street . 
  but yeah there is still opportunity to make something of yourself here . 
  it 's tough but doable . 
  yeah the language would be really difficult to learn . 
  i know a lot of people who came from russia , belarus , ukraine and czech republic and learned polish really quickly . 
  that wo n't happen with many others though . 
  plus to land a job you do need to speak the local language in many circumstances . 
  and our unemployment rates are kinda high ( especially youth ), 
  it surprises me that people do n't want to live in eastern europe . 
  i think its the best place to live , there just something about eastern europe that stands out . 
  it seems more freer ( less regulations in certain areas ) , night life is much more fun in eastern europe as well . 
  the fact that they do n't want to live here is quite ridiculous , i heard an interview where they did n't want to come here because of ` lenin and stalin ' . 
  maybe it 's better that way . 
  i love our side of europe the way it is, 
  i was thinking in terms of damascus . 
  if the state has to play , the cheapest way would be to organise a military plane to carry a host of families to germany or to wherever . 
  but that would still be massive costs to the state . 
  are you serious ? 
  if that is ticket for a plane that would be incredibly expensive . 
  plus if there is a wife and two children that would be expensive as hell ( roughly 500 euro a person ) . 
  if it 's a ferry and a train service then it would be a bit more fair . 
  but still , i do n't think it 's right for a country to pay travel expenses, 
  i do n't really get how they can bring their family over . 
  do they pay for a flight for their family ? 
  some kind of ferry service ? 
  i understand the family reunification law , i just do n't get how it works in practice, 
  migrants from kosovo and another non-eu states also tried to take advantage of the situation . 
  that 's my best guess anyway . 
  the relationship between ireland and poland is really weird . 
  i remember during the euro 2012 most poles would agree that the irish fans were by far the best . 
  maybe its our drinking culture , or the fact that you love our food . 
  but there have been more irish visiting poland since the euro 's, 
  it 's still incredibly selfish of her to go against the wishes of the polish citizens . 
  people here do not want migrants coming to poland yet she goes against what the public wants . 
  hopefully she 'll be out before further negotiations of the quota system . 
  whilst kopacz might not be alligned with the visegard 4 , i 'm sure that the citizens of those countries are . 
  i hope that we are on board with the rest of the group . 
  together we can at least have some opposition to germany . 
  is that an additional 120 000 on top of the original 180 000 that was proposed earlier in the month ? 
  you ca n't avoid this topic anywhere else either . 
  it 's all over the news and often the number one story . 
  it 's good that people can express their opinions , it 's such a sensitive topic and i can understand why people would prefer to vent their feelings online rather than with friends and family . 
  plus as we 've seen , the media does not tell the full story and if it was n't because of this sub-reddit i would not be hearing the perspective of all those involved in the issue . 
  it 's great to read about the opinions of those from hungary , romania , germany and sweden . 
  winter is soon approaching and the influx will cease . 
  as it ceases people will talk about something else , or if a bigger story comes out than we 'll talk about that . 
  but this is the main topic , and it should be discussed rather than ignored as it his serious long-term repercussions across europe . 
  the opinions most highly voted on , or most frequent usually underlines the general opinion of the european people . 
  in your mind it might be negative but it is n't wrong . 
  but at the same time i can understand your frustration by waking up to similar headlines everyday . 
  you ca n't really believe that both east and west europe had not benefited from the eu enlargement . 
  germany and poland , especially do a lot of business with each other and over the course of the last 10 years more german businesses have opened up in poland . 
  tourism from both sides has also increased , there are lots of germans that go to the polish coast . 
  and having open borders it allows both countries to create bike trails and it 's fun to bike from poland to germany ( and vice versa ) . 
  we might not agree on everything , but economically , the eu has benefited from the enlargement . 
  all countries are better off with an open market . 
  if people in germany are willing and happy to take in refugee than they should be welcome to . 
  same goes to any other country . 
  but if countries were to leave the eu than trade would reduce between countries . 
  i just realised that / s. . . opps, 
  that was for the sanctions , that was a ridiculously good deal . 
  in the east most people do n't want refugees and political it 's a bad move to go against the people in such an sensitive area . 
  but the funds would certainly be different . 
  i 'm not sure if finland benefits from much eu funds though . 
  i 'm not sure that syrians will raise the average iq in europe . 
  perhaps in canada and australia where they can hand pick who comes into the country but not in our case . 
  there is no way that a syrian high school degree , or a bachelor is near the equivalent of european education level . 
  yeah , in fact its a reason as to why germans who live near the polish border often drive to poland to fill up their cars , 
  hypothetically speaking , it could still end up being cheaper to not get eu funds versus welfare benefits for the thousands of refugees that would enter each respective country . 
  but at the same time , this was never a term in the eu . 
  you ca n't force countries to accept people , especially non-eu nationals . 
  it 's just wrong , and interferes too much with states sovereignty .
