  western intervention is more important in this conflict than the previous ones . 
  is is a serious threat to global security and their ideology is way too extreme . 
  that 's why there has to be a coordinated strategy . 
  no point closing one border as refugees will just try another route . 
  but even so , without a border what can the police and military do . 
  they ca n't just stand in their way ( i do n't want to see more stabbings of military or police personnel ) , and i do n't think you can detain them since many do n't even have identification in the first place, 
  i was thinking more saudi arabia or the gulf states . 
  i know that jordan and lebanon have taken in a lot of refugees . 
  the thing is that many citizens do n't want that many refugee 's in their countries either . 
  i just do n't think its fair that students and people that live in their own country ca n't get any welfare assistance whilst people who just arrive get a whole welfare package . 
  not to mention , that it 's really the citizens who are providing those funds through tax 's . 
  there is also no guarantee that those refugees would return to syria once the war is over and the country is rebuilt . 
  there really is no real solution that i can think off . 
  i 'd hate to see the open borders close because the people of europe have really benefited from it . 
  hell , i love traveling across europe during my vacation without worrying about visas . 
  the eu needs to make a unified decision whether or not to welcome this many refugees to europe . 
  as things stand merkel said that germany would take in 800,000 people and all hell has broken loose . 
  i want to see more action from the middle eastern states and other countries . 
  europe ca n't take this burden on its own . 
  it would also help if each family was n't given free accommodation and welfare . 
  you 're absolutely right , i have also meet more ukrainians in warsaw over the past few years . 
  they all learn the language really fast and we have similar cultures . 
  it 's really not a problem if people from eastern europe move to poland . 
  i actually agree , the way i see it is that this referendum is to save alexis tsipras politically . 
  for example , if ` no ' won then if the regulations and decisions that take place after the referendum fail , that tsipras is essentially protected because he 'd claim that it was the decision on the people and not himself . 
  but as the pm , i thought it would be better if the current government in power made a decision on behalf of greece because that 's why they got elected , to make these large decisions . 
  the referendum has only delayed that decision, 
  hmm , i did n't know that . 
  i got my information from a source like [ this ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2013/10/15/business/international/europe-air-quality.html?_r=0 ) . 
  based on that there is a large amount of polish cities on that list . 
  interestingly enough , poland also has one of the highest level of pulled cities in europe . 
  but as things stand i do n't think poland will move away from coal for the next few years . 
  as long as they can mine it , it creates jobs and the government and other companies can still make some money from a product that will loss its value in the future, 
  100 % agree . 
  economically it 's just not going to be sustainable . 
  additionally , if people are n't going to be able to get jobs , crime rates will increase and we could see a division in the european society . 
  welfare systems could simply not cope , and would work make it worse is that welfare systems ( who were designed for the citizen of their own country ) would not be given out to actual citizens of their own country . 
  housing shortages could become a problem same as overcrowding , europe is not a big continent . 
  the situation does like dire to say the least the more i think about it . 
  i 'm fully aware of the implications of climate change . 
  not only that but the sahara will most likely spread further down south , which would only increase the amount of people wanting to immigrate . 
  by then the political mood inside western countries might change , maybe more aggressive politics will be allowed . 
  it 's to far to predict what kind of laws and policies will be implemented to protect european shores but it does seem important for the eu to start drawing up plans on how they can actually protect europe for mass immigration . 
  with far-right parties gain support , it appears as though there will be further and further support for stopping immigration . 
  and that is the dilemma , perhaps africa was never meant to be developed . 
  why was it that europe developed at a much faster pace than africa , why did we colonise africa and not vice-versa ? 
  what we can say , if there is a very structured and rigid government in place ( i 'm going to use iran as an example ) than there can be a capacity for quick political , economical and social development . 
  i had one idea of how africa could get ` back onto its feet ' . 
  western governments could start programs where they send governmental officials to ` babysit ' governments . 
  help with setting up stable government , aid countries with policy creation and implementation and ensuring that governments have a full control of the country . 
  some people from those countries may not like that , which is understandable but if things go well than not only would those states benefit , but many ` western government babysitter 's ' would also gain experience and even create a new job market . 
  there are many immigrants that would , by then be educated so those could even return home to help their own country become stable . 
  i think it 's a great idea that could work , by having some from a more ` neutral ' perspective it could limit and reduce corruption and start building a middle class . 
  it 's either that we hold africa 's hand in implementing western ideals , or allow africa to create it 's own ideologies , but that could be centuries away . 
  i think depopulation occurs when a country becomes developed , i mean look at europe , birth rates are dropping and there are similar trends in other developing countries . 
  it would , in theory mean that once certain african states become developed there would , too be a drop in birth rates . 
  the question remains if africa can ever develop ? 
  some regions would find it increasingly difficult ( climate change , sahara expanding , lack or resources ) but others can still prosper ( botswana and namibia are rather successful in this compared to other african states ), 
  to be fair i think it 's very difficult to protect shorelines . 
  unless eu starts a turn back policy or even starts using force , but that would be a difficult policy to pass, 
  maybe it would be best to allow africa to fix its own problems without european help ? 
  many countries have been able to develop without to much western intervention ( gulf states , vietnam , iran are some examples at the top of my mind ) . 
  i think it 's better if they develop their own identity and approach their problems their way instead of forcing european methods . 
  this could backfire , but if they have the right people in charge anything is possible . 
  the one thing i do n't understand is how can we help africa ? 
  provide funding ? 
  force our ideologies onto africa ? 
  i think africa 's best chance of development is if we allow africa to create it 's own political ideologies and not force western ideals . 
  these ideals are largely european and it 's why it works in european countries . 
  it does n't help that a lot of bright minds from africa immigrate away from their home countries because it 's those bright minds that can actually make a difference . 
  100 % agree , plus it 's really important for a country to not be dependent on food imports . 
  it does wonders for the economy . 
  plus it would be silly to change the laws especially with climate chance affecting crop productions in large regions of the world . 
  eu countries could make fortunes if they maintain food productions . 
  i 'm not sure who you were hanging out but always be careful when discussing politics and religion around people you really do n't know . 
  people can be sensitive to certain issues but moving countries is rather drastic , maybe you said something in the wrong manner/tone that stimulated such a response, 
  a lot of inventions actually originate from the military . 
  a lot of aviation research and progress also comes from the military . 
  funding the military does n't mean that there are n't any scientific outcomes . 
  microwaves and gps were originally used by the military and later sold as consumer products . 
  i think all state should at least spend 3 % of their gdp on military funding to meet the nato requirements . 
  people are n't being racist , the majority of europeans believe that immigration is good but there is a limit . 
  countries can not take in such a large number of immigrants because it 's not economically viable . 
  many of these immigrants are n't very highly skilled and there just is n't a job market for low skilled workers , especially for such a high amount of people coming into europe . 
  there is also a social issue , if a large number of immigrants from the same country come to an european country they are less likely to integrate into the society , learn the local language and adapt to social norms . 
  this will make it difficult for them to find a job ultimately meaning that they 'd have to rely on welfare programs that were intended for the citizens of their own country . 
  additionally you have to understand that for many citizens seeing such a high level of multiculturalism , which is forced upon many citizens is not very comfortable . 
  i get your side of the argument but calling people racist for not wanting immigration is quite shallow and demonstrates that you do n't necessarily understand the issues surrounding immigrations and it 's potential effects on the general european population . 
  this is getting a bit out of hand and is even destabilising the peace in europe . 
  something has to be done , you ca n't bring in such a high number of immigrants at once because it makes integration even more difficult . 
  european countries can not support such high levels of immigration , unemployment rates are high across europe meaning that most immigrants would have to rely on some form of social welfare to survive , something not all european states can afford to supply . 
  i do n't think that the eu has too much jurisdiction in independence movement . 
  since catalonia is trying to break of with spain . 
  but i can understand if further implications are made in the eu ( relationships affected ) if catalonia would seek immediate entry to the eu . 
  unlike with scotland , that movement was bound to happen . 
  it was predicted or i think written that a referendum would be made every few decades . 
  but you 're right , it could become more interesting if catalonia would be offered entry to the eu ( under the circumstance of it 's independence ) and supporting catalonia movement could affect other members-states relations with spain, 
  from what i understand , madrid makes the final call on catalonia 's independence since it 's apparently written in the constitution . 
  i know that a victory in a referendum would put more pressure on the government but i really do n't think that catalonia will split from spain anytime soon . 
  i just want to hear some people 's opinions on this idea .
