  there must be some international law against sinking your own boat . 
  especially if there are people in their as well . 
  or what about if a boat gets sunk , the patrol will take people back to where they came from . 
  if they have documentation that proved they are syrian and cooperate with the authorities than fair enough . 
  but if they are unwilling to follow our laws than they should be returned to turkey . 
  let 's face it , many countries are n't following the dublin laws because it 's difficult to enforce , why because people are n't being cooperative . 
  if there is a firmer stance , and people know that countries wo n't be push overs . 
  than perhaps people will be willing to listen , cooperate and everything would work in an orderly manner . 
  most importantly the flow of people would be regulated and organised . 
  just a curious question , how are these borders being reintroduced ? 
  is border control infrastructure being put up again ? 
  because i know that along poland and germany there is now nothing that really separates the country . 
  so ca n't immigrants just cross the land ? 
  through the roads there are still a few buildings where the old border crossing was between poland and germany but most of the barriers have been removed . 
  surely it ca n't all be erected in a day or two, 
  i 'd say the eu should have a firmer stance on the whole ordeal . 
  if people are n't willing to co-operate with authority figures than there should really be no reason why they should accept our help . 
  they should be instantly returned back to their country of origin . 
  if you truly are a refugee you should not be cherry picking your destination . 
  you should be happy that you are safe from war and have a roof over your head . 
  we should n't be treated like door mats i sympathize with hungary , in my eyes they are not doing anything wrong . 
  i found this [ source here ] ( http://www.kaldorcentre.unsw.edu.au/focus-european-approaches-migration-mediterranean-new-quota-system-distribute-refugees-throughout ) which looks at countries positions regarding a quota system . 
  the problem is i do n't know when this was published and i think its more related to the original quota proposed by the eu . 
  not sure if it will extend to the recent quota system . 
  still if countries stance is similar to the original , than the quota system will fail . 
  surely , if po do n't want to lose to many seats in the parliamentary election kopacz will have to oppose the mandatory quotas as well . 
  otherwise po could lose out big in the elections . 
  on top of that , why do n't some of the asian countries take some in ? 
  what about japan , china , thailand , vietnam , malaysia , singapore ? 
  all are wealthy countries and i do n't think they have taken in many refugees at all . 
  but i still believe that since this is a middle eastern countries , the middle eastern countries need to be taking in more people . 
  it 's not fair on us ... 
  i think that the real problem lies within the image of europe . 
  if every single immigrant/refugee firmly believes that life in europe is amazing and that the continent is full of wealth than you will have tons of people wanting to move here . 
  i 'm not sure if they believe that everyone here has also gotten accommodation and some sort of welfare benefits but it 's strange that they think they have a right to all these privileges . 
  why is this made from an american perspective ? 
  what annoyed me most , was in the comments he claimed that because pakistan took in such a large number of refugee 's . 
  europe can do the same ... 
  if we could get away with building massive camps where all syrian refugees would be held until the end of the war than great , we can take in a large number . 
  but each refugee/immigrant has this vision of europe that it 's like a heaven of free money and accommodation . 
  and because of that we ca n't build camps without causing a lot of controversy, 
  those who complain should not be allowed to stay in europe . 
  you 're a refugee , you should n't be cherry picking the country in which you want to live in . 
  as much as i 'd love to see more progressive parties in the eu . 
  i feel as though immigration does threaten europe 's progress which is why right-wing parties are gaining in popularity . 
  i 'm afraid that the europe i grew up in will not be the same as the one in the next few years . 
  lets not forget that also many young people ca n't afford their first home . 
  yet people will receive some form of housing for free . 
  not really fair is it , i 'd rather see welfare going to young students from the country . 
  from what i read the decision is n't too popular in the country . 
  surely if the eastern european countries stick together than we might avoid financial sanctions . 
  i admit that the reaction regarding a possible ` russian threat ' is totally unjustifiable . 
  i do n't think that russia is a threat to poland or in fact the eu . 
  so i would like if duda did take a softer stance towards the entire situation . 
  we do a lot of trade with germany and other western european countries . 
  same as czech republic , slovakia and hungary . 
  the eu is more of an economical institution than anything else . 
  and the matter of a fact is , both sides have benefited from an open market . 
  i 'd love to see the un get together and map out a plan to fix syria . 
  if anyone can stop is its going to have to be world effort . 
  troops on the ground to combat the threat of is . 
  then instead of just leaving the country after is is defeated install a committee that will help rebuild syria and place appropriate political institutions to make the country work . 
  i do n't think that one of the terms of the eu was accepting a large number of refugees should a conflict erupt . 
  especially since it 's not a european conflict ... poland has taken in many ukrainian refugees , which i 'm fine with because they integrate well into polish society . 
  but since this is a middle eastern issue there should be no reason why the eastern eu countries should be bullied into taking in large numbers of refugees . 
  many will not integrate in polish society , mark my words . 
  surely if you do n't have documentation to prove who you are you ca n't enter a country . 
  i ca n't enter many countries without giving full documentation of who i am . 
  same goes for applying anything . 
  why should it be any different for them ? 
  i mean especially if people provide inconsistent documentation about who they claim to be . 
  are their laws stating that if you failed to integrate or manage to live without welfare that you 'd be deported once your country of origin is ` deemed ' safe ? 
  but is n't that the whole point of being a refugee ? 
  temporal shelter and than return home when the war is over ? 
  i lived in denmark , they must be incredibly stupid to reject the chance to live in denmark and get welfare payments ... 
  it seems as though the concept of a unified europe is just too soon . 
  and not just because of this crisis . 
  the countries on the south have a different economic culture which is why the likes of greece , spain and italy have suffered financially due to the euro . 
  perhaps more regional institutes would be a better way to go , and could operate under a european union umbrella . 
  so the western european countries could share more common policies , as would the southern , northern and eastern european countries . 
  that way there would be a more unified policy . 
  this would be the worst idea ever implemented . 
  first of all , you ca n't force countries to accept refugees . 
  what about the opinions of the citizens ? 
  what if they do n't want to be forced into a multicultural society ? 
  it 's the mass public that would be ultimately affected by a rise of refugees entering their towns and cities . 
  also many refugees do n't want to live in bulgaria , hungary , poland , slovakia or czech republic . 
  so it would n't benefit anyone since they 'd all try to cross the border into germany . 
  the sanctions themselves could ultimately be cheaper in the long run than by supporting thousands of people on welfare . 
  this would destroy the eu . 
  absolutely no problems , obviously i did n't walk around in every suburb just the ones i knew but never did i really feel threatened . 
  my family and i even went to some football games during the african cup . 
  i heard things are n't as good as they used to be back in the 2000 's but it 's by no means a war zone, 
  let 's be honest , the biggest news headlines around europe right now is the refugee crisis . 
  not sure why you 're surprised that these stories are being posted . 
  if another big headline breaks in , than we 'll be talking about that, 
  i used to live in ghana , believe me , it 's a safe place to live . 
  it kinda annoys me how some people claim to be ` refugees ' when their from a safe country . 
  i 've also heard about people from nigeria and ivory coast moving to europe . 
  both those countries are safe ...
