good , i hope facebook continues to subvert german law . 
  it 's a gay law to begin with . 
   it is fashionable now to hate rich white guys ? 
  yes but they do n't have to be rich, 
  bro ... it 's the balkans, 
  lol the eternal anglo, 
  lol fkn nothing, 
  we 're talking about post brexit brittian . 
  not germany or the general trend right in europe/the west, 
  they 're the only type of immigrant you 're allowed to be against because we 're both white and most elites do n't care about poles . 
  it would be a bigger deal if people did this to blacks , indians or pakistanis . 
  poles are a politically correct target for working class to vent their frustration at . 
  shameful that europeans have allowed a cancer to infest their countries, 
  the difference is europeans came home when the war ended . 
  no i disagree, 
  i actually do n't know how to respond to that because its nonsensical, 
  no it does n't, 
  i g ot that , what 's your point ? 
  very basic , i assume your some linguistic or ethnic group that got absorbed by gaulish french culture around the napoleonic era ? 
  do n't know where you 're from . 
  what are you referring too ? 
  edit : just realised your are n't polish . 
  you would n't even exist without nationalism, 
  that really was n't the point of the article, 
  it 's almost like leftist hate white people, 
  i know right ? 
  wtf the dirt is magic , if they born in a geographic location they should be instantly be german . 
   the problem begins in school the problem begins with them existing in our countries . 
  that 's why we used have these things called nation states with borders which define a specific peoples . 
  what but the fuck do i know , i 'm practically hitler . 
  can we stop pretending turkey is european . 
  is it really a paradox ? 
  the more migrants = inherently less british without an attachment to it 's history or culture . 
  so the navies of europe are basically a ferry service now . 
  that 's the long term trajectory she want 's the eu to go . 
  hopefully the eu will be irrelevant by then . 
  and buy doing so not only confirmed the right wing narrative about arabs , but the narrative about leftist as well . 
   more effective at shutting out reactionary candidates . 
  less democratic, 
  replied to the wrong comment , my bad . 
  the balkans is proof supranational should never be attempted . 
  but why stop there ? 
  i want not turkey ? 
  then why not syria , they 're sorta like turks . 
  you can continue forever . 
   arbitrary imaginary line because culture , language , history , genetics and shared values/morale are arbitrary are n't they buddy . 
  because the entire western world had extensive colonies . 
  i mean why have borders at all comrade ? 
  or is she referring to turkey ? 
  germans have always had a faustian will to control the destiny of europe . 
  it 's just manifesting itself in a different way . 
  he achieved his life goal , why would he stick around ? 
  especially as he is n't a member of the uk 's parliament . 
  too bad they probably are n't german . 
  it 's pretty obvious , it 's just many leftist do n't actually understand people or group dynamics . 
   wars are often based in nationalism and resources , so if european cultures and economies are connected and bleed into each other , theres little reason for violence or strife . 
  which is a flawed premise to begin with as civil wars are the most common type of armed conflict throughout history and even today . 
  that is assuming the eu could successfully subvert and destroy national identities and replace it with a generic amorphous european one . 
  really irks me when people say `` how could you leave europe '' or `` why do n't english like europeans '' . 
  it 's so fucking retard . 
   child labour , work houses , committed genocide , betrayed people , also has plenty of child paedophiles of it 's own . 
  huh ... 
  i did n't realize the uk worships those things and has created a religion off them ? 
  til, 
  crush the urbanite, 
  when someone uses the word atheistic in the context like the original poster used it i do n't think he was referencing christianity per se but that the eu is a soulless managerial state that 's has he has little to no romantic feelings towards and only serves to support the existing neo liberal world order . 
  personally i hate the eu and hope it crashes and burns like the hindenburg . 
  personally i disagree, 
  atheistic can be used in that way in general speach . 
  atheistic as in entirely material, 
  atheistic as in entirely material, 
  did i miss something ? 
  or ethnic or cultural component ? 
  i 'm surprised anyone ever wanted to go to turkey considering how many turks there are . 
  the far left creates fascist, 
  well they have the same rights , they can still marry a women/man . 
  we 're just not keen on redefining existing institutions to appease mentally ill minorities, 
  good to know ... with that kind of attitude i do n't expect your side to maintain grips of power for long . 
  how many corpses are you comfortable with ? 
  is there an upper limit or must we never react . 
  if it 's just an economic block why do you get so butthurt when we criticise it ? 
  your probably less anti russian than america historically fam . 
  i doubt it, 
  fake news does exist but the definition has expanded to anything the mainstream media does n't like . 
  you poor thing if all you believe fake news is literal fake news . 
  any news that challenges the mainstream political orthodoxy, 
  i 'm sure they are, 
  actually a lot of those oligarchs are jews, 
   implying eastern europeans are equivalent to muslim arabs . 
  nope, 
  secularism is gay, 
  that 's a moral argument , we engage in realpolitik , you ca n't blame us for your naivety, 
  well your the ones letting them in because you like to feel self righteous . 
  of course we 'll laugh at your stupidity . 
  why would we let people from countries we 're bombing into our country ? 
  fortress europe when ? 
   which is ironic considering they elected a draft dodger that 's not ironic . 
  your statement does n't even make sense . 
  who says they 're opposite ? 
  they want the same thing they just believe in different methods of getting there .
