  why should i care ? 
  i mean , its honest , try to get in my possition . 
  from my pov since 2010 only bad things happened to my country , is there any single reason for me to care what `` games '' are being played in the background ? 
  my question is why ? 
  why the `` big players '' as you call them do it ? 
  but my question still stands ... 
  yes , and i am an astronaut . 
  why do n't they kick us out but instead they express their total love ? 
  why do they even lend money in such a country ? 
  why do they even begging for a deal which will cause these bastards to steal even more money ? 
  if you are able to give me a normal/logical/documented answer i would love to read it !, 
  i want my country to stand on its feet , not its knees . 
  he is trying to save greece !, 
  dat love is so hard to greek people , why you do n't believe him ? 
  a fresh start ? 
  to negotiations you mean right ? 
  i would n't even think what would he did if he did n't love us in these 5 years . 
  what ? 
  yes but we are talking about greece , with tones of islands and with tourism being one of the most important if not the most important income . 
  hitting it will direct hurt the ecomony itself . 
  to be honest i dont know the details , i dont have the knowledge required for that matter . 
  i know its how it works in all islands in the world . 
  it 's one of the `` red lines '' of greek gov. 
  i wonder how this will help ( if the vat in islands will raise from 6 % to 13 % or even 23 % ) the ecomony/competition/growth / employment of greece which , they claim , they care so much especially when , for example just 3 miles away , turkey has 7 % ? 
  i know i am not specialist , that 's why i am asking . 
  what about the `` eliminate discounts , including on islands . '', 
  i believe there are more in stake than just greece being in eu . 
  i dont think i am able neither anyone in here to judge the situation since our knowledge is minor to non existed . 
  i can only express my own opinion which is not to stay in eu or ez at any cost . 
  that 's why all things happening . 
  the problem is `` how the greece is gon na be able to pay back its debt '' since its unsustainable . 
  warships warplanes violate the national airspace is just flying ? 
  why is uk or other north eu countries got problem when russian warplanes are flying over their head and intercept em since they are just flying jets ? 
  tell that to the ppl living in these islands next to turkey . 
  golden dawn is of course the most anti-eu party . 
  is it only fiscal matter when they ask to cut the already cut ( from 900million euros to 500million in the greek proposal ) defencive costs another 350 million ? 
  while turkish airplanes are doing holidays every day above greek islands ? 
  something that they are doing for years but the union !, 
  does n't even care ... just think it . 
  this is just an example . 
  it already happened to me, 
  we are for 5 years already , and there is no result . 
  can you explane me the logic of austherity please ? 
  let 's say you borrowed me money , what would you like me to do to repay you ? 
  find a better job with higher income or cut my feet ? 
  pensions of 400 euros ? 
  not 1500-2000 + ? 
  because that 's what greek asked from creditors and imf declined it . 
  i have the exact same question !, 
  lenders kept and want to keep funding greece in order to make the very much needed reforms and be stable . 
  it is well-known that no reforms happened . 
  so why the poorer countries borrowed and want to keep borrowing a country that does n't meet the requirments for the whole 5 years ? 
  i ca n't get it . 
  to repair their on faults maybe ? 
  if you believe is an attempt to show you something that is n't happening . . hmm ok , its your right . 
  all i can say , as i said before , is that i hope you wont get in our possition . 
  and whose fault is that poorer countries are lending money ? 
  and now they want to stop the overborrowing and find a definitively solution which will stop all this mess . 
  and the fact that noone accepts that only makes the problem bigger . 
  i am not but i dont see any change the last 5 years aswell . 
  also what cutting low pensions and other measures like this or borrowing money to pay-back borrowed money will create ? 
  i dont disagree with your statement but dont tell me that you think the memorandums had results after 5 years of austherity . 
  man ... jeezz , you are so stuborn . 
  repair what ? 
  the damage caused from all these memorandums ? 
  it is already 5 and yet to see a minor change . 
  things are far more worse from what you believe . 
  the only thing you see is the left or the right in politics . 
  i can assure you noone cares who will take us out of this nightmare , leftist or rightist . 
  can i ask you where are you from ? 
  i wonder what happened to the 5 years memorandums which where supposed to `` save '' greece ... oh wait , greece is n't saved yet !, 
  you are either immature or ignorant . 
  can you actually believe that people here might care ? 
  would you care about being a `` european '' or a `` non-european '' if you could n't feed you child ? 
  if you could n't buy a piece of bread for your family ? 
  thank 's for feeling sorry for me ( eventho its for a wrong reason ) but i feel sorry for you too , because your knowledge is lower than the bottom . 
  if democracy means people to be hungry , homeless or to commit suicides due to `` how democracy works '' , thanks but i wont get it . 
  i hope you will never be in the same situation we are right now . 
  and please accept an advice someone who , according you , is asking only for more money ( but actually is almost homeless ) , dont eat everything the politicians or technocrats are feeding you , open your eyes and look clear what 's happening . 
  i am 27 , my brothers are 32 and 20 . 
  we are leaving with our parents . 
  only my dad works in a bakery as production manager with net income 1000euros , thats it . 
  we rent house ( we dont own one ) . 
  its not like we live/eat normally anymore . 
  we hardly even sleep with all the mess we are in . 
  man , do you know how it feels to feel envy to other guys in my age only because some of em have a job ? 
  that makes their life got an actual meaning ? 
  i believe and hope no . 
  and never feel it . 
  unenployed . 
  greek . 
  winston churchill insights !, 
  tragic ? 
  terrible ? 
  horrible ? 
  underwhelming ? 
  disapointing ? 
  unemployement skyrocketing , people are frustated by the goverment . 
  rallies everywhere to stop the menance . 
  just greece last 5 years .
