when people are desperate and tired of the shit 40 years now ... 
  what a lie !, 
  these slackers ... 
  since you read his say now you are free to believe what you want !, 
  i am not here to back him up but think he answered the question in the announcement . 
  that 's what you understand reading his statement ? 
  you better read the statement !, 
  he resigned as finance minister . 
  yes sorry , i am new i might failed . 
  thanks for correcting . 
  i hope too !, 
  otherwise ... 
  trust me , the whole history shows that greeks all they want is their independency . 
  noone knows all the game goes to the background . 
  the sustainable agreement the gov is asking for is growth . 
  let/help us grow so we can pay you back , its a so logical demand , is n't it ? 
  i mean if you borrow money to someone what would you prefer ? 
  that guy to lose his job or get a second one so his income will be increased ? 
  that 's what both fm and pm are asking according to their say . 
  all we are asking is a sustainable agreement . 
  borrowing to pay back old loans while destroying the borrower is not the way to pay back i think, 
  so sad that is yet to understand that what we ask for is to give us a way to pay back . 
  i said if greece attains the grexit . 
  the position of greece on the map , i believe is an other reason for the eu to keep greece is . 
  another reason is , and might seem extreme , is that , what if greece leaves euro , goes to drachma and attains ? 
  what would stop other countries that are suffering from astherity messures to leave aswell and take their own path ? 
  it would simply destroy eu , whatever that means to the world of economics etc. 
  it had all the support in the world !, 
  medias , ads everything !, 
  no on the other hand . . 
  that 's what they are saying for the start of the `` negotiations '' . 
  especially the german side . 
  shocking news !, 
  nothing unexpected , but tsipras and varoufakis blackmail the eu . 
  these are the people that call me to vote yes . 
  its a win machine in greek . 
  pops-up money for everyone !, 
  an other week of routine and boredom , nothing actually memorable ... 
  viewing percentage ? 
  well , i am not an expert to tell you what . 
  but i think anyone can agree that these numbers dont `` help '' a lot a country to payback its debts . 
  can you tell me the cost of your life ? 
  housing , eating , entertaining etc. 
  is there any number about what austerity did to greece that no one already knows it ? 
  :p well , 1.5 m people in poverty level , 3m people unemployed or 25 % + unemployment and in 19-29 is like 50 % -60 % . 
  300.000 greeks migrated ( most of em , high educated ) , 700.000 business closed , 11.000 suicided . 
  all the numbers are approximate . 
  there you are !, 
  that 's like saying , `` there was unemployment before austerity , was n't it ? '', 
  which is a wrong way of thinking . 
  not better terms , just a way to repay it is the right way to call it . 
  it 's easy to suspect who , hard to tell you how ... 
  you are right but the `` quality '' it uses it matches perfect with what it says first , and second its way too close to the reality right now in every media , ads on internet and even a phone company called `` wind '' announced their campain of `` send nai ( yes ) to xxxx ( number ) to get free minutes or sms '' etc. 
  let me give you an example , right now , if i disable adblock from my brower there is no way i will open any site , from the christian church official website to porn and not to see every single ad that calls me to vote yes . 
  in every video in youtube 8/10 that 's the ad . 
  it 's insane , but still yes , it ca n't be trusted . 
  let 's hope the whole story will finish without any further issues . 
  ( which is highly unlikely i am afraid of ), 
  propably more than ever i would say, 
  50 bn are the funding that greece needs for a sertain amount of time to climb the hill , the debt relief should be one of a `` large scale '' . 
  well , i am not even close to economics or the background of the happening situation so i do n't know what `` large scale '' could mean in exact numbers . 
  so , we do not have to advance the situation , i doubt we know more than the 30 % of the games in the background . 
  50 $ bn is not the amount that needs to be taken for a debt relief . 
  read again, 
  or because they signed to lend money on a programm which failed . 
  both side made huge mistakes . 
  so , they will either find a solution or pay for theirs mistakes . 
  exactly, 
  why should i do that ? 
  hmm ... giving money seems easier nowadays than using your brain to think . 
  they for sure knew there will be no deal a long time ago . 
  at least they should have to . 
  that 's a last week photo !, 
  not exactly shocking news ... 
  amazing source !, 
  [ give it a read . 
  ] ( http://pogiblog.atlatszo.hu/2015/06/27/corrupt-lazy-greeks-debunking-ethnic-stereotyping-substituting-economics/ ), 
  i strongly agrue that we compare 2 same things . 
  did tsipras threat anyone ? 
  did he try to create fear in a whole country with a `` suicide '' ? 
  did tsipras knowingly trying to change the subject just to terrify people ? 
  did i mention something like this ? 
  or i said whoever says yes is a paid or no means he is a drachma fan ? 
  i just said that the concern and the interest they show to me looks suspicious ? 
  unexplainable ? 
  unreasonable ? 
  set it as you like . 
  i wonder why all this mess about this . 
  every european elite/media comes to tell us what to vote or shotting love attacks or threating us or all these 3 combined . 
  what the hell is their problem ??? 
  we can vote if we want more austherity or not , ca n't we ? 
  the whole eu is begging us to vote for more austherity !!, 
  wtf !, 
  of it did !, 
  30 % uneployement ( 40 % officially in ages ( 19-29 ) 60 % unofficialy ) , 3 millionpeople under the poverty line , thousands dead , 700.000 buisness closed , 300.000 young people migrate , the productive fabric of the country disintegrated . 
  i can continue if you want . 
  so , what 's the point of the new offer that junker just gave to the greek gov just few mins ago ? 
  in order of course to redirect greek people to yes in the referundum !!!, 
  will they somehow , magically , be able to pass all of these ( go through all the ez parliaments ) in 23 hours ? 
  well , i am on of the 40 % + uneployed guys in my country ( ages 19-29 ) i am trying to find a job as fack for like 6-7 months and i am nearly homeless , my question is one .
