  another mou has been signed !, 
  everybody here knows that this surplus came because the state has stopped paying its debts to the private sector . 
  just another lie, 
  and then he woke up as we say here in greece !, 
  some amazing knowledge you 've got man, 
  illuminati  . , 
  why do you even speak with us . 
  just read the recent imf info they released for the greek bailout programs . 
  they admit they failed that they didnt cut the debt first then lend money to greek . 
  this is something that varoufakis is shouting for before the 2010 on the 1st bailout program . 
  they admit they were wrong !, 
  but do you remember christin lagrde calling him amature after a eurogroup ? 
  how come an amature be so right and the `` best '' economical organazition in world understand it 5 years later ? 
  do you know what did they say they will do after this failure ? 
  `` it was a lesson for the future programs '' . 
  quiz : find the amature !, 
  depends what you mean far . 
  if `` being someone '' for you means join the group and continue the menance that hitting eu , no , not even close . 
  for his skills you can ask all the universities his is teaching at and all the others that call him to give a speech . 
  i bet you have to show us more . 
  please do . 
  pullurbrainfromurass, 
  you are getting pissed off to the wrong person for the wrong reason . 
  some things you need to learn about the money you said you gave us to save our a $ $ : 1st : they were based-given on a wrong programm . 
  2nd : those money were never came to greece or actually just 8 % of them came to greece . 
  the rest of your money that you so fiercy asking back from `` me '' gone to german and french banks mosty ( and ofc to other eu banks too ) . 
  why ? 
  ask your leadership for that answer . 
  3rd : a load includes 2 sides . 
  the lender and the borrower and for every irresponsible borrower there is an lender . 
  if for example you know me i owe to 100 guys and i dont repay them and i ask you for a loan if you will give it to me whos responsible for that loan ? 
  only the borrower ? 
  really ? 
  4th : if someone asks you for a loan , will you ever force your borrower to cut down his income ? 
  ever ? 
  because that 's what happened to greece . 
  greece lost 1/4 of its nominal gdp during the 6 year crisis . 
  5th : last year when varoufakis was seeking a `` decent programm '' for greece he had 2 requirments . 
  debt restructure ( to make the greek debt sustainable ) and b. 
  a programm that will allow greece to be able payback the most money of the loan the possible . 
  i mean , do you really expect from greece to repay its debts when economy is being destroyed for 6 years in a row ? 
  do n't you think you have to fix the economy to be able after all to get them back ? 
  am i insane with what i am asking ? 
  all the bail out agreements were constructed from credit default swaps . 
  cds !!, 
  does it ring some bells ? 
  yeah !, 
  it 's the reason of lehman brother 's collapse . 
  and overspending to cut it the 600 euro pension to 420 euro !, 
  is that a serious logic ? 
  most of them have 200 euro rent to pay , how are they gon na live a month with 220 euros ? 
  with the profit making from eu crisis they might will . 
  to clarify i am not talking to the german people but their leaders . 
  6 years we destroy a country . 
  it 's ok, 
   all of this clearly should n't happen , but we need to agree on one thing first before any meaningful discussion : greece was overspending , and this was unsustainable . 
  i agree , then the financial crisis hit , greece could not borrow to overspend right ? 
  who was lending greece to overspend ? 
  why ? 
  have you tried to answer these questions ? 
  because if i lend you countless money and you overspend , the moment you default because i cant lend you more we are both responsible for the situation , no ? 
  look what happened to all the banks after 2008 , bailed out ( without changing the philosofies or administrators or the regime which lend em to this situation ) from the eu tax payers hundrest of billions , without asking them on the contrary , in most cases goverments were forced to do it , call me ireland , otherwise ecb would close their banks ( capital controls ) . 
  in greece at 2015 there was a plan on hitting elites who had undeclared money ( dunno if this is the right way to call it ) well , money they had not reported to the state they got em , how and where are they , so they dont pay taxes at all . 
  the plan was to check all the bank accounts with a specificly made algorithm to catch the suckers . 
  this would be ready to bear fruits in october of 2015 . 
  do you know that the troika forced greek gov through the signed mou of july to disband it ? 
  noone ever said anything about that in greece , how its going , why its stopped , either from gov or other parties . 
  the ex-finance minister says that he has documents to prove this . 
  to me thats a big accusation if i was any part of the troika since i blame greece since 2010 for tax evading etc. 
  never heard something , and i will never will i am afraid . 
  i leave in greece the whole time , i never felt that any of the 3 mou 's were made to help greek economy recover . 
  if you say the word `` reform '' in greece ( \u03bc\u03b5\u03c4\u03b1\u03c1\u03c1\u03cd\u03b8\u03bc\u03b9\u03c3\u03b7 ) the first thing come to mind of everyone is , my pension/wage will be cut ( once again ) , taxes will rise ( once again ) , unemployment will remain to the skies . 
  i can assure you that is not we fail in translation . 
  as for the help you said tell how the hell will help a broken bankrupt ecomony to recover if you : - dont reform , cut , restructure ( your call ) the unsustainable debt it exists ( they accept that it isnt sustainable ) - force policies that destroy the primary sector to create wealth ( from which you have to pay your debt ) - force policies that enforcing the young educated to migrate ( more than 400k people left , people that the greek state payed to educate them and now some other countries producing wealth using them ) - force policies that at this moment i am writing this leads our hospitals not to even have cotton !, 
  - have as a result 24 % unemployment ( 60 % in ages 19-29 ) - have as a result an amount of 50 % poor - can not pay any unemployment benefits to the unemployed in greece ( only about 9 % of the unemployed has ever received those benefits ) - increase the cooporate taxes from 18 % to 30 % while the next to us country bulgaria for example has 10 % - ask from someone who worked his whole life to build a house so his child can have it to repay it as a tax . 
  the catalog and continue . 
  if that 's what you call help , ermmm , no thanks . 
  my point is , that i agree greece has problems need to be fixxed , what i am saying is that policies forced in greece since 2010 are not helping , at all . 
  and then , yesterday our beloved friend said that the south spends its money to alchool and women ( women are cars ? 
  something you pay to own ? 
  i dont know ) and i am supposed to feel helped right ? 
  unification will help us , not division . 
  let me just wake you up . 
  is cutting ( for 13th time since 2010 ) a pension of 400 to 320 wasteful spending ? 
  does forcing private sector pre-pay at the start of the year the 100 % of the estimated amount of tax ending tax evasion ? 
  is kicking families out of their homes for 3000 euros that can not pay with proves due to the situation a measure that should have passed years ago ? 
  and you mentioned argentina as example for what reason ? 
  to feel thankful that my country `` gets help so it wont default etc etc , thanks to eu leaders '' ? 
  you know its shameful that there are still people out there believe that the north helps but the south spent its money to women and alchool ... dont be fool my friend do some research , whats the most tax evasion measurment they asked from greece to impliment in order to stop the oligarchs sucking this country ? 
  there is none ... 
  they themselfs are accepting that the programms in greece failed due to wrong calculations and estimamations , there are many imf reports you can find with a simple search on google . 
  and yet they do the same without a trace f conformation or even logic . 
  do you think that the rise of far right such as le lepen , the man who lost in netherlands the guy ex actor in italy , the nazi party in greece is just a coincidence ? 
  all of them want to break up with eu , why ? 
  because greece does not implement the impossed meassures ? 
  sorry for the wall , typo etc tablet doesnt help at all !, 
  if you cant pay you go bankrupt , simple as that . 
  avoiding greece 's bankrupcy by getting new loans to pay the olds you only help the bank who holds your loans especially whem the `` generous '' lender gave you the money on the condition to reduce your income ( who lends money and asks this ? 
  how ard is characterized by you guys ? 
  i mean , is it a reliable source of getting informed ?
