i 've been living in europe for a bit . 
  sometimes i think people tell me i 'm nice just because i do n't ' say things like that . 
  i figure it 's best to take it as a compliment though . 
  [ operation serval ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_serval ) [ french involvement in car ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-25183377 ) the international community has been pretty hesitant to get involved in africa humanitarian crisis . 
  respect for trying to do something , no one else wanted to . 
  i meant american unions . 
  not all unions and not always , but sometimes they are anti-immigration . 
  sorry for the vague wording . 
  [ relevant wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_policies_of_american_labor_unions ), 
  historically they can also tend anti-immigration ( volume , rights , illegal immigration , ect . ) . 
  which can split some of the traditional ` left ' and i think has contributed a little to a decrease in popularity and political decisiveness with the smdp system . 
  npr !, 
  i wish more people would pay attention to it . 
  i wish they could afford more staff , i think they could really do a lot with it . 
  wsj editorials are pretty right leaning , and i think that damages their reputation a lot , i generally do n't read those , i do n't really think editorials are worth much , and my statement here is conditional on leaving them out . 
  i 've been out of the states and have only been able to read their international edition , which i quite like , maybe that 's why i 've endorsed them here ? 
  and huffpo makes me sad to read ... 
  i forgot about wp , i have n't read it that much , but i 've always fond of it . 
  admittedly , i 've only started reading politico in the last 8 months or so ( since october ? 
  january ? ) . 
  some of the pieces can be a little gossipy , but i think the in depth stories are quite good , and have shown light on part of issues that do n't get much attention , reading it has enhanced my googling . 
  i 'll check out the hill and roll call . 
  i started reading 538 in 2012 . 
  nothing was more frustrating than seeing literally every news outlet change their reported polls in their articles towards those that showed tighter races , even as trend of different polls would shift during races . 
  the election predictor was fun , but someone needed to be agragating the polling and observing the time series trends , and he was the only one that was doing it and had as much readership as he did . 
  when i was able to contrast his work with other news outlets i lost a lot of respect for the other outlets . 
  i guess everyone is stupid in an election year =(, 
  yeah , international news is hard , because even if something is ` less bias ' there is still a lot of subjective spin . 
  some of it comes from the readership not being critical or very knowledgeable about the respective political situations or processes in the respective countries , and a large absence of common international norms and dispute settlement mechanisms . 
  also , i feel like international news ( when it 's not involving any type of military or international security involvement ) in excessively boring for most people . 
  nobody wants to read about relative changes in anti-dumping charges through the wto framework , financial intricacies of imf loans , or how libor manipulations affects the global anything . 
  when it comes to international politics , you really just need to wait for the dust to settle ( especially due to the opaqueness of international proceedings ) , and then approach sources that are less interested in ` current ' news , and will analyze situations more historically . 
  for current information in international news you sort of just have to wade through the mud . 
  if you think there is one place you can go for a neutral or true opinion you 've already failed . 
  as i said before , i 'm not that crazy about it . 
  but for me it 's not a bad place to start before going to more focused news outlets , ngos , interest groups , or press releases . 
  i feel it 's definitely better than most other popular us news outlets that try to cover that scale and provide that amount of depth . 
  op wanted a neutral news site , and as i said in my comment , i 'm not sure if i would define these as neutral . 
  to your point i think it has been more pro-government , but i think that is the result of common interests with the current administration . 
  i think there is a difference between bringing attention to issues that are existing , and deliberately manipulating the printed material . 
  my opinions do n't always align with what they print , but they 're articles are in depth enough and disciplined enough that i can take that information from a source that covers a wide variety of sources and further research the topic , and not come up with large amounts of suspect source material , at least compared with other outlets . 
  that was sort of my guidelines to what i put in my original comment . 
  it might not have been quite what op was looking for , but i thought it would help him a little . 
  i 'm not in love with it . 
  but to find a news source that covers both a wide range of topics , does n't misrepresent information for a given political sub-population , and does n't egregiously leave out information in a given story , i think they do comparatively better than most of their peers given these constraints ( in non-editorial domestic news ) . 
  when i read other news sources , i rarely think back to nyt articles as patently false or misrepresentative , which was sort of my metric for evaluating . 
  on international topics , they are pretty below par though ( strong us-left bias , when compared to large international peers ) . 
  wow , i learn something every day . 
  i guess they are just better at online cookies than i am at googling . 
  i do n't know if i would claim these sources are excessively neutral , but here are some from the us . 
  i 've market the sources that have limits to the number of articles you can read with a ` p. ', 
  [ reuters ] ( http://www.reuters.com/ ) - i like it a lot . 
  * not from the us , but has a large reporting base in the us . 
  * usually the first place i go for us news . 
  immaculately neutral is n't how would describe it . 
  but for a free news source i think it 's pretty good , i rarely feel like they are ` selling ' a political ideology , in respect to us politics . 
  [ politico ] ( http://www.politico.com/ ) - p - for us politics this is my favorite site . 
  they really go a lot deeper into issues than nearly anywhere else , and i think make a pretty good pitch at trying to show the light and dark of both sides . 
  [ the wall street journal ] ( http://online.wsj.com/europe ) - p - my dad always read this when i was a kid , so maybe i 'm predisposed to liking it . 
  i would say the reporters there are more ` center-right , ' and the editorials can get a bit wonky , but i generally consider them to have pretty high journalistic standards . 
  if they report something they usually have the facts straight . 
  i also like they 're pencil sketchings =d [ the new york times ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/ ) - p - i 'm not in love with the new york times , especially the cite . 
  my campus had free copies available and i would read it about every day . 
  it 's good , the print version is better . 
  they have a free mobile app that 's pretty good too ( and free ! ) . 
  [ five thirty eight ] ( http://fivethirtyeight.com/ ) an offshoot of the new york times . 
  it 's more numbers and stats based , and does n't really ` report ' on things so much as crunch data . 
  come here during the us elections if you want real reporting and not masturbatory articles with click-bate headlines . 
  seriously , come here during the us elections . 
  i 'm quite fond of the guy that runs it , nate silver , but i have sort of a thing for statistics . 
  i also really like reddit . 
  i would n't call it neutral , but i think ( especially the local subreddits ) have a lot of untapped potential for in depth issue exploration and finding articles . 
  participating in local subreddits during current events is a great way to expand your coverage on local stories and find articles in different languages from local news sources . 
  you have to do a bit of work going through google translate , and then more work verifying claims and trying to sort through potential bias , but if you 're willing to do the legwork there is really no other place i know of that can give you what it gives . 
  _ edit : _ these are mostly for domestic news , most us sources are n't spectacular with international stuff , both in quality and in incidence . 
  i would n't say stay away , but ... diversify ? 
  they probably would n't meet your standards of neutral either ... also , as a rule of thumb , if a us source is also a 24 hour cable news network , maybe just google whatever you are looking up . 
  cnn is sadly a sinking ship of quality news . 
  i 've been out of the states for a while , so maybe things have changed . 
  people often complain about cnn ( foxnews , ect . ), 
  both to me when i 'm abroad and online . 
  it mostly deserves the flak it gets ( especially fox * cough * * cough * * cough * ) , it 's not terrible , but it 's not great either . 
  like mcdonalds , i always get a little frustrated when people complain about it . 
  of course its terrible , but most of our parents love us and give us vegetables . 
  though sadly , it is consumed in disgustingly high amounts by certain people . 
  more to your point on neutrality , i used to really be into it , and i think its important to know the subjective perspective of whatever author is writing something . 
  even without manipulating or misrepresenting facts , selectively leaving out information can lead to potential biased reporting , even if it is unintentional . 
  i try to have a core group of sites that i rely on for quick information , but i only assume it has a higher chance of being more ` objective , ' since outright report manipulation would harm the reputation they are trying to maintain . 
  in the long run , there is really no substitute for going through large numbers of news sources from a diverse set of subjective biases , and then going through and trying to verify that information with other sources and reports . 
  i try to maintain an approach of ` trust but verify , ' trusting some sources more , and taking time to verify claims on others that i trust less . 
  i 'll stop my rant and get back to work . 
  good luck on your search , i 'll definitely be checking whats written here , nice post op !, 
   * edited , added a line , marked ' _ edit _ ' . 
  changed another thing , market in italics , 2nd paragraph , because damn you website tracking . 
  i 'm not sure why you are being downvoted . 
  [ scientists ] ( http://www.earthquakes.bgs.ac.uk/education/faqs/faq19.html ) current ability to [ predict ] ( http://www.usgs.gov/faq/categories/9830/3278 ) earthquakes is pretty well [ established ] ( https://www.geolsoc.org.uk/earthquake-briefing ) . 
  i think the best seismologists claim to be able to anticipate earthquakes is in incidence and strength in a given region over a larger timescale ( hundreds of years ) . 
  to my understanding some people claim to have models for understanding aftershocks , but they are not commonly thought to be much better than random ( yet ) . 
  outside of the legal implications , this case is pretty famous in statistics courses for demonstrating the strengths ( and weaknesses ) of statistical forecasting , and for communicating scientific knowledge to the media/public . 
  no worries , my wording was pretty mangled .
