  oh yes oups !, 
  i also checked it and was supposed to write venezuela !, 
  hmmm i can imagine some belgians becoming red at some point in this video, 
  some venezuela * ( more appropriate than colombia ) , some guyana and maybe some suriname ... not bad, 
  schauble is seen as the devil in greece , opinion that i shared and keep sharing . 
  my hopes are for schulz to be elected , not because he 'll be any kinder to greece than merkel but for that old man schauble to finally begone . 
  the article gives an interesting perspective . 
  we 'll see how it goes . 
  you 're annoying me right now !, 
  wait , that exists ? 
  why the eu ? 
  if anyone should n't have been allowed to join , it is someone who is against a closer union , more integration ( pointing at the uk ) . 
  we are not a problem for the eu but for the eurozone , the uk is a problem for the eu, 
  '' pasta with ketchup '' , '' muslim serbs '' , '' tesla is croat '' = fucking hell you 'll get beaten if you say these !, 
  why not conscription then ? 
  it ensures that every ( or most ) males have some military experience and that they can complement professional forces in a semi-competent way . 
  edit : i 'm not pro conscription , i 'm greek , we have conscription too and it fucks with our lives too , believe me ... 
  i 'm surprised no one mentioned [ dogtooth ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qftdzk64-pk ) ( greek ) and the greek-irish-uk-french-dutch movie [ the lobster ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tr_ncqd-gfs ) !, 
  italy is popular !, 
  that is ridiculous, 
  i 'm surprised he has n't made a video about the greek language yet . 
  does he not like the language ? 
  what ? 
  believe it !, 
  you 'd be surprised with the people of heraklion . 
  chania on the other hand ... 
  yes it 's a market economy . 
  it 's a vicious circle !, 
  1 ) taxes only increased in the last 9 years , and they increased a lot . 
  2 ) that one time christmas payment is going to people living under the poverty line , is drawn from the primary surplus and it still respects the memorandum . 
  3 ) no it is not germany 's job , however you did and you profited and still profit through the crisis . 
  the worst thing is , that your packages have absolutely no results but your politicians ( especially schauble ) still push them . 
  even the imf says to calm the fuck down . 
  all hail schauble our overlord, 
  it 's kind of difficult to keep them all in greece against their will, 
  this is more complicated than greece and germany . 
  yes and no . 
  i do n't believe that germany has an obligation towards greece but towards the refugees and immigrants . 
  i strongly believe that after taking an active stance on the war against isil ( arming the peshmerga ) , the syrian civil war ( supporting the rebels ) , the war in afghanistan and after saying that refugees are welcome to come , germany should take ( and actually has ) the share of refugees/immigrants that come from those spots where she is active . 
  i believe that the countries that are actively engaged in conflicts like the syrian one should be responsible for most of the refugees . 
  i do n't think it 's fair for greece to bear the load when france went unilaterally and armed the syrian opposition early on . 
  i also strongly support the quotas , as in everyone takes a share based on their population because we 're either all in it together or the union does n't work . 
  however something else about germany . 
  germany did n't solely accept the refugees and migrants because of compassion . 
  there 's that huge [ demographic gap ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/b30c8de4-4754-11e5-af2f-4d6e0e5eda22 ) and the need of a lot of skilled workers that need to be covered . 
  no problem man !, 
  ( what a civil exchange of words haha :p ), 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what are you comparing ? 
  this does n't make any sense . 
  if a side respected the agreement , why wo n't the other side respect it also ? 
  you were speaking about the lenders . . 
  i thought there was a loss about the country that gets debt relief ... 
  i was like '' wut '' . 
  i was lost in translation at '' made the loan '' ( understood as taken ) . 
  yep , business as usual !, 
  explain yourself . 
  how are we going half way with everything ? 
  this decision was in accordance of the memorandum . 
  i do n't see any wrongdoing here . 
  i just see some people judging blindly , as usual, 
  the conditions of the memorandum are still respected in this situation . 
  this is plain punishment for the sake of punishment . 
  it 's absolutely the same !, 
  those pensions feed entire families , pay for the grandchildren 's school material or even their food , help repair broken homes or simply pay rent and avoid eviction ... anyways if schauble does n't like it i guess they 'll take it back ... 
  i do n't really get that last part . 
  what do you mean that they have to take it as a loss ? 
  exactly, 
  sometimes between countries it does n't work like that ... 
  that is exactly why syriza got elected in the first place . 
  opinions like that , although welcome , are not constructive . 
  they give birth to reactions like this : '' if you 'd like to retrieve your precious gold/money/cheese or whatever , work with us or you 're never gon na get it back '' , that are also not constructive . 
  also using stereotypes as an argument seems borderline racist in some cases, 
  sometimes i wonder if some people read the articles ... primary surplus rings a bell ? 
  you 're the populist that feeds on misinformation and hate, 
  we do . 
  it 's probable that the population was reduced but the dodacenese minority wasnt even affected by the population exchanges !, 
  you know greece is also the successor to the byzantine empire and to ancient greece so you could say that we have a claim there too . 
  good for you for your interests . 
  if it was a sore spot i would have stopped responding but i am interested in any arguments you have . 
  anyways you arent giving any good reason to continue answering as youre turning aggressive and you do n't have any valid argument so have a good there !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  there is absolutely no substantial ( they barely total 6000 out of 200 000 people ) turkish population on the dodecanese . 
  i do n't get your point , are you trying to say that a hypothetical turkish claim on the dodecanese or/and on imia is valid ? 
  if so what are your arguments except that treaty you mentioned between italy and the ottoman empire ( not turkey ! ) ? 
  and btw are you a turk ? 
  do n't trigger the downvotes . 
  of course it 's a valid argument . 
  the treaty referred to the ottoman empire but by the time the islands should have been handed back it was n't even the same country and the balance of power as well as the claims had changed . 
  also do n't forget that the population of those islands was and is greek . 
  internal divisions ftw !, 
  yes but then we had the balkans ww1 fall of the ottoman empire greek invasion , turkish independance etc , the situation changed a lot since 1912 !, 
  reputation does n't mean poop . 
  you 're either an ally , in which case you stand up for your ally or you 're not . 
  europe should n't only work when some countries ( yes i 'm looking at the visegrad group ) are in a good mood, 
  easy to say but difficult , even impossible to do . 
  how do we close maritime borders , when the neighbour is not cooperating and without letting people drown ? 
  and how do we do that when there is n't even money for fuel ? 
  truth is the country 's fucked and it 's just going to go downhill from now on and for a long time to come, 
  it 's always good to know when someone is n't liked .
