  nope , gd will never , never , win the elections . 
  by the way next elections will most likely be won by nd or if they 're lucky , by syriza, 
  gib back glorious konstantinople !!!, 
  european part best part , also greek part :p, 
  i 'm sorry man !, 
  i was triggered by that other danish guy below !, 
  will think harder before posting next time !, 
  well i believe it 's easier than it sounds !, 
  if trump gets elected and jeopardizes the us 's credible commitment to nato then not only we 'll want to create a common military , but we 'll be forced to . 
  i do n't get why the danes are so hostile towards greece . 
  how would isolating greece and making her keep all of the refugees solve the problem ? 
  europe saying that would be irrational , it would practically exclude us from schengen and would be a huge economic burden !, 
  if you people are so irrational and keep believing those things , i do n't see why we should n't be irrational and declare that we do n't owe fuck to nobody anymore, 
  what ? 
  how is that related to immigration ? 
  let 's make the eu great again !, 
  come on now , stop with the salt . 
  he was asking an interesting question with just a bit of provocation . 
  nothing to show hate for . 
  m60 's were retired some time ago i think, 
  get them all out where ? 
  to the next e-u country on your side ? 
  that 's just stupid . 
  they 're inside shengen either way . 
  were these people right wing neo-nazi extremists ? 
  if not why do ukrainians feel so deeply about the nazi cause ? 
  yep almost took it seriously !, 
  could someone please translate ? 
  it can actually be converted to shorter sentences and translated but it would be missing some implications and deductions , leading to lots of repetitions in the small sentences thus making it less readable imo . 
  most eu countries do that . 
  in belgium they also used to block kickass , yts etc. . 
  who gives a f-ck about how people are f-cking ... 
  the state should just raise awareness about std 's and then let the people copulate in peace . . 
  is that a nazi wehrmacht rank ? 
  they sent f4 's to fight f16 's ? 
  every greek male has to spend either 9 months , if he 's called to serve in an infantry/armored formation or 12 months if he 's called to serve in the navy or air force . 
  some conscripts are given the choice to become officers . 
  if they choose to do so , they will serve 14 months ( 8 of those being intensive training , imo they 're only conscripts that get real training nowadays ) and they will be paid around 400 euros per month . 
  they will also be discharged with the rank of second lieutenant and they are recalled from time to time for familiarization purposes . 
  since around a decade or so , conscripts are given the possibility to buy out their '' \u03b8\u03b7\u03c4\u03b5\u03b9\u03b1 '' ( service ) for around 4000 euros . 
  you ca n't really replace your service with things like community/civil service because those last much longer at around 20 months i think , so it really is n't worth it . 
  male 1 ) yes 2 ) yes 3 ) no , unless there is a major war and volunteer professionals ca n't be replaced fast enough to ensure victory 4 ) a ) yes b ) absolutely not 5 ) yes 6 ) translation and medical training 7 ) infantry, 
  when did italy get the lead ? 
  i missed a memo here , what happened to serval ? 
  adding an '' os '' to the end of a word makes it greek !, 
  why so much hate man ? 
  did a greek do something that affected you or something ? 
  plus they ca n't really fly freely over the aegean in order to search for the ships . 
  you base your assumption on a name ?!, 
  come on now , be more lucid . 
  '' come and take them '' leonidas, 
  in the last 10 years or so , relations were n't that bad . . 
  speaking strictly about the asylum , i think yes the issue only concerns greece but the laws that are to be followed are the same everywhere . 
  but he was speaking about possible turkish threats and provocations following a granted asylum to the deserters . 
  normally in that case greece wo n't be alone , but backed by the eu, 
  this is soooo inaccurate, 
  you know politics is a circle , one day you 're joking about the french elections , the next day we 'll be laughing at yours . 
  so get off your high horse because you are n't constructive, 
  so what are they ? 
  i absolutely recognize the right of a people to self determination and the right to have a unique cultural identity but come on ... so yes keep the name or whatever but please , please do n't claim other people 's identity for your own and please stop the antiquization policy, 
  italy , please . 
  i am extremely surprised greece is not at the top, 
   who openly wanted to nuke the usa and hated the ussr for not doing it wait what ? 
  che or ... tsipras want to nuke the us ? 
   alexander the great airport  more like alexander the great , piece of crap airport this was very funny !, 
  they have to reach germany first , and i believe that if it comes to that point it 's too late to avoid a nuclear war ... 
  i 'd say '' europe can not possibly defend itself against russia without ~ ~ germany ~ ~ * france * being on the forefront '' is more like it, 
  he wrote that this is another way for poor countries to leech on richer ones and to quote again :  out with romania , greece , hungary , croatia , hungary , and bulgaria, 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
  how is a military hq leeching ? 
  just for your information , the greek military is large and well armed to defend greece by itself , no need of another country intervening . 
  also , the militaries of hungary , bulgaria and romania are 30 000 , 85000 and 50000 men strong respectively , so unless you 're french , german or italian , your country 's military would n't be that bigger . 
  also you wrote hungary twice you idiot  out with romania , greece , hungary , croatia , hungary , and bulgaria, 
  damn it not even light green . 
  well neighbour relations are n't optimal , big army , lots of conventionnal weapons per capita etc etc , what did we expect ... 
  good job portugal !, 
  especially denmark !, 
  ( but seriously , why not denmark ? ), 
  technically yes , but historically not considered balkans or eastern but as part of southern europe with italy !, 
  it 's not only a question of tradition as much of low fertility rates and hesitance/precaution because kids cost big drachmas and we ai n't getting any . 
  single parents just ca n't raise kids because they have n't got enough money even if they have a job, 
  plus the turnout is that high because you 're obliged to go vote and that obligation is enforced i think, 
  imo this index is bullshit . 
  look at the methodology . 
  the indexes are not objective at all , plus it is from the economist who is known for some bias . 
  i 'm glad that most of the top countries are european but we should n't accept the index just because we like the results and they fit our narrative . 
  this is ( imo ) useless , except for bragging . 
  some context please ? 
  afghanistan but it ressembles a bit on the portugese flag on this picture, 
  [ this ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/greece-to-get-f-35-stealth-jets-photos-video/ ) one maybe ? 
  what ? 
  i hope we do n't actually buy any f35s until at least 20 years from now or something, 
  i 'm not sure i 'm understanding what happened in the video . 
  what happened ? 
  was there a macedonian ( fyrom ) flag waived ? 
  that would n't have been enough for such a police force to intervene because it 's not a crime . 
  the police is often present at football matches because hooliganism is quite present in the greek football cutlure . 
  also i 'm pretty sure those are schalkes fans right ? 
  this video is sooo confusing, 
  yes that 's because the region is called macedonia you know . . also that region has been called that for a long time , nothing new there,
