it 's not about unreported unemployment . 
  it 's about vat . 
  with plastic money a small commerce ca n't avoid paying vat while with paper money it 's sooo easy . 
  who 're you talking about ? 
  exactly . 
  when did we threaten to flood you with refugees ? 
  back this up please . 
  the war reparations are irrelevant however the claim is not ridiculous . 
  we do not blame germany and the rest of the eu for the situation we brought ourselves to , we blame the eu and especially our governments for the handling of the problem . 
  we have been demonized , called lazy , villified and the worse is that we as individual workers did n't do something that some other european wouldn ' have done in our place ( i 'm speaking before the crisis ) . 
  the people never partook in the feast that was happening !, 
  now if you think that greece should be kicked/sacrificed or whatever , that 's ok but please understand the reaction of the people that worked 30 + , 40 + years that saved and sacrificed a lot for their pensions and in the end got nothing or a small fragment of what they have been promised to . 
  i 'm sure you would have been angry too . 
  ok , i did some research and i found these : - [ there exists a treaty , albeit i 'm not sure if it 's the same ] ( http://www.novinite.com/view_news.php?id=121740 ) - [ this says this ] ( http://www.bta.bg/en/c/df/id/1263621 ) :  * we already have bilateral agreements on air policing transborder operations with romania and greece that can be activated in certain situations * - [ nato policed in september ] ( https://www.shape.nato.int/2016/natos-enhanced-air-policing-measures-begin-in-bulgaria ) i 'm not sure if air policing has already happened but i think the provisions are there . 
  [ quick google search . 
  ] ( http://cibal.eu/digital-library/8-security/2063-greece-to-conduct-bulgarian-air-policing ), 
  i 'm sure you 'd agree that having elections every 16-20 months is great for the stability and the credibility of the country , even though the next government will pursue the current policies and follow the exact same eu guidelines/rules in the same way this one does . 
  hmmm, 
  if you say that you '' financially supported greece '' through your vat , then we can say the exact same thing . 
  we air policed your country using our jets , who are paid from our budget to which we contribute through vat . 
  you supported us and we supported you . 
  you have a problem with greeks , do n't you ? 
  you know that our government is following eu policies right ? 
  and that even though the government is far left , they 're making liberal reforms ? 
  i think our two countries had very different situations ( all the big companies you have up there ) . 
  believe us on that . 
  or maybe visit athens from may to the end of october . 
  people that are not used to the heat suffer edit : thanks for the downvote kind stranger, 
  never heard of that but yes that law sounds like us . 
  do n't know though, 
  now that 's not very clever . 
  you can not compare your standard of living in whatever other country with the situation in another country . 
  ** of course a greek pension of today is considered very good in somalia **, 
  that 's because that guy is clueless, 
  they are n't communists at all and they are the most capable of all the idiots available, 
  do n't play the victim, 
  woah chill, 
  rossya gib to greece gib gib ( for free plox ), 
  unleash the angry uncomfortable questions !, 
  this is gon na be fun . 
  we are not lazy . 
  thank you for this . 
  your comment made me laugh  i 'm guessing the public reaction : '' wtf , why are we invading polen again '', 
  i 'm tired of the v4 group . 
  the v4 group has very anti-greek/south sentiments . 
  it would be nice to see a mediterranean group forming , lead by italy and maybe france to counter your bullsh * t . now just let me explain one thing to you , our borders are very difficult to manage because of some things : 1 ) our coastguard was greatly reduced because of the financial crisis ( this was not our choice , but was an austerity imposition ) 2 ) most refugees come from the territorial waters of turkey , so what the fuck do you want us to do if they do n't cooperate ? 
  should we let the refugees/migrants drown ? 
  ( i 'm sure that 's what the v4 would do if it were your problem btw ) 3 ) we are a humane nation ( most of us ) , syrians and afghans should n't be extradited to their war torn country 4 ) we did n't destabilize the region in the beginning , i 'm looking at france here we have a saying in greece that goes a little like this : '' if your culture is incapable to assimilate/resist another , then it is n't worth saving '' . 
  you guys should get your racism , xenophobia , populism , propaganda and humanity back to track as much as we should get our economy fixed . 
  i want to believe that your anti-south sentiments are due to press propaganda because otherwise your countries are turning to extreme nationalism . 
  why are you using the word '' leftist '' as if it was an insult ? 
  nope . 
  they are one of the two parties that brought the country to its knees . 
  i hope they never get elected again, 
  i wo n't miss his vindicative opinions . 
  he 's hurting more than he 's helping . 
  that shit was told on live tv , and it was extremely rude . 
  thick or thin skin it was very low and of bad taste, 
  no , no , his reaction is justified, 
  yep , water desalination is very expensive, 
  3000 square meters and around 40 vehicles , i ` de say medium to small but that 's only a guess as i have never visited it ... 
  surprising , i did n't notice even one hidden russian soldier !, 
   `` the population will be obliged to hold an individual supply of food for ten days , '' it says '' obliged '' , but i could have misunderstood, 
  that does n't seem likely to be adopted . 
  how would they enforce it ? 
  and i really doubt that the whole of germany would be immobilized in case of a terrorist attack . 
  it seems to me that the press is being stupid and speculative again edit : got it , it 's not a law , got confused by the '' obliged '' . 
  apologize to the armenians first , wait another 70 years and then you will be able to tell '' too late '', 
  ok , good to know that it is actually effective . 
  ps : [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/oyczfiq ) is why i thought chemo did n't work most of the time . 
  thing is , chemo ca n't target cancer stem cells , so even if you get cured the probabilities of relapsing to the same cancer are too high !, 
  that 's why i 'm saying that '' it does n't work '' . 
  as you 're saying it does work indeed but it never '' cures '' you completely unfortunately . . !, 
  actually , we all have 40 % chance of getting a '' cancer '' in our lives . 
  that probability goes up with lifestyle but ca n't really be reduced . . anyways as long as someone is rigorous with prevention ( =  blood tests once a year before 45 or something and then every six months ) then the chance of the cancer being lethal goes down drammaticaly !, 
  prevention is important because chemo does n't work, 
  sorry to hear that ... melanoma and stage iv are truly bitches ... !, 
  we should be, 
  fair enough , this is n't really an adequate place ( and time , at least for me ) for a political debate . 
  let 's agree to disagree . 
  tsipras does all the needed privatizations . 
  mitsotakis is the system 's blood-child . 
  he comes from a political family that has ruled greece over the decades and see where that brought us . 
  we are not the usa , we ca n't do something for illegal immigration and also that would n't resolve anything . 
  all in all , your arguments are : '' privatizations and kick the immigrants '', 
  thanks !, 
  he 's the best one available to greece atm . 
  he 's trying hard . 
  100x times better him than mitsotakis or anybody else, 
  any answers ? 
  i 'm intersted too . 
  imo it 's getting better , people should n't be sooo proud about what happened 3000 years ago . 
  yes we should know about it , learn about it , respect our culture and heritage , but we should try to make modern greece worthy of the ancient one . 
  we should look more towards ameliorating than being proud and nostalgic of the past . 
  younger greeks realize that more and more, 
  must help you occupy and regain '' craddle '' . 
  alexander the great mode on !, 
  i disagree with my fellow countryman . 
  he probably is the most apt at the moment . 
  depends which countries you consider eastern europe,
