  btw italy . 
  would you like italy to be out also ? 
  you could build a bigger fence !, 
  edit following / u/danahbit 's response : sorry for the salt , it 's just that news like this are sad for greece and show that the eu really is n't what it should be ... 
  shots fired . 
  it 's national sovereignty we 're talking about , it would be an invasion so ... [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f46r-_jpphy ), 
  unfortunately , that practice works between them and us as something similar has already happened in 1996 during the imia crisis . 
  those islands are considered greek and were used by greek shepherds but turkey denied that and declared that it was their territory escalating tensions to a whole other level . 
  in the end though the islets became '' grey zones '' , greece effectively losing sovereignty over them . 
  that is why a lot of little islets have guard posts that are periodically manned by soldiers, 
  true but i 'd say this one is trying hard to avoid a new one, 
  souda bay ? 
  epitelous . 
  this is not true , only the first government cried for the bailout , from then on each and every government said no more, 
  exactly , he tried but in the end he could n't do anything , and most of us knew this, 
  source ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  stop diminishing the ( little ) value that 's left of greece . 
  f. off . 
  and miller comes from the greek word '' milo '' that means apple so basically we are all fruit !, 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's debatable . 
  also , it 's not as if the german economy has n't benefitted from the economic climate during the crisis and the state of the greek economy . 
   / r/titler what the actual f ** l haha !, 
  at one moment there is a spider carrying a dead bee/wasp . . 
  awful !, 
  when you say immediate neighbours ? 
  bulgaria , macedonia , albania , turkey , italy or libya ? 
  there are cultural similarities but there are important differences in mentality between our neighbours and us . 
  having experienced life in france and having extensive connections to spain and italy , i 'd say that greek mentality really ressembles the french and the southern one on a lot of points and diverges on others . 
  the differences are minimal though and the similarities strong . 
  why '' insanely '' ? 
  greek mentality is pretty close to french or italian mentality . 
  fucking hell , i really hoped there would be no relation to greece/cyprus here ... 
  i disagree , by forcing a refugee to a country that he probably does n't want to go and by limiting his ability to work to only that country , you are sending a strong message that says '' you can come if you are in dire need but do n't expect a lot '' . 
  i want to point out that we are talking about refugees here . 
  you can deport migrants , which is happening but i think that we ca n't refuse asylum to the war refugees that are already here . 
  so in order to avoid two countries crumbling under the pressure of all of those that are already here , we should distribute them . 
  if the deal with turkey stands , which it will , we should n't have to worry about more refugees arriving . 
  maintain the current deal with turkey so that no more refugees arrive to greece , try to stabilize as fast as possible iraq because syria is a lost cause , and distribute the refugees from syria , iraq and afghanistan across the eu countries proportionnally to population . 
  of course , they have zero obligation to take back anyone . 
  where are we supposed to send them ? 
  back to syria ? 
  or afghanistan ? 
  i 'm just saying that the situation was n't as easy as '' building a wall '' . 
  also by the way , the aegean islands are very close to the turkish coast . 
  swimming from the coast to an island is not an unheard of feat . 
  the distance is so small in fact , that no ships are used mostly inflatable rafts which are pierced upon entrance in greek territorial waters , and sometimes small wooden boats . 
  it was almost impossible to deport or send back those refugees as turkey is n't cooperative . 
  whatever man . 
  you are oversimplifying a complex problem . 
  where are you from btw ? 
  where are you from ? 
  it 's easy to talk when you have friendly neighbours and easy land borders to manage . 
   sending the s.a.s. 
  to the theatre of war , with commands to kill any britons fighting for isis on the spot . 
  the french commandos are ordered to do that too . 
   i didnt became a christ lol . 
  wow you guys take your time to mature !, 
  noooo ? 
  what would n't be okay is that a person named phillip went and said that the family , life stories and experiences of another phillip were his because they have the same name . 
  that is not okay and it is called identity theft . 
  it 's a pretty serious offense . 
  like arabs !, 
  snow arabs what more like rich , progressive vikings . 
  we got hit sooo hard by the crisis ... from 350 in 2007 to 175 today . 
  i firmly believe that in the beginning of the crisis , all of the political parties should have made a common national unity government and really , zealously , deeply reform the country . 
  we would n't have gone so back . . 
  so does that mean that greece is gondor ? 
  i 'm under the impression that if i come on holidays in croatia i 'm either gon na : 1 ) die in some atrocious way 2 ) almost die but be saved by the hgss guys because they make good meme-like prevention !, 
  let 's hope for the best for italy !, 
  guys i 'm sorry to mention this , i 'm not trying to offend anyone here but since you took the time to differentiate central from eastern , why did n't you include southern in the title ? 
  shhhhhhhhhh !, 
  this was hilarious !, 
  i think that the netherlands beat finland in this one . 
  wow . 
  let me guess , franco was a good dictator ? 
  yes i 'm sorry , i mixed the two . 
  yes you 're right , i mixed the two . 
  yes that was a propaganda war that was waged by both sides . 
  let 's not forget all of the nonsense der spiegel did . 
  the `` nazi merkel '' was retaliation to german media ( well tabloids ) by our tabloids . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  greece did n't write that article , it 's called the free press . 
  i 'm pretty sure we have been paying those interests without any formal complaints . 
  what we call for is not to stop paying interest but for debt reduction . 
  different things . 
  you had to study that in school ? 
  to be honest , '' divine comedy '' seems like an enjoyable '' book '' ( ? ), 
  to read for those that like fantasy adventure and epic stuff !, 
  ok , sorry for the edit allegations , i thought you edited to put parentheses around '' german '' but now i see it and you clearly did n't . 
  i agree with you that because a job is paying it is n't directly productive but the incentive is there !, 
  ( there are n't any clear incentives , except patriotism or a calling to arms when it comes to conscripts ) also about that article , when you say soft-skills you mean something like specialisations in warfare ( like for instance grenadier or radio operator ) ? 
  it 's actually a pretty interesting article when it comes to doctrine !, 
  that 's still long . 
  ours is 9-15 and the cypriots serve 24 . 
  what ? 
  my answer is an answer to you saying that serving in the military is something productive for someone 's personnality . 
  i think you misunderstood my answer , so let me explain the conversation to you : 1 ) the estonian guy said that real world jobs provide more useful skills and discipline than obligatory military service . 
  2 ) you said that it is not normal that an actual job teaches more discipline than conscription .
